<Author>momluvstorun
<Content>Great stay at the Grand Palladium Bavaro       Gorgeous palm trees  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lkat75
<Content>Could be so much better, nothing special       Walkway  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>BeenThereAlready
<Content>Compared to what other resorts offer, this one is great! Before giving details of the resort I suggest you keep in mind that you need to look at what the other resorts in the Dominican Republic offer before believing you can find a better one for the same price. I read a lot of complaints and believe another resort will not resolve the complaints since the people complaining want more than their money will get them. It's like spending $15000 on a new car and then complaining that the car doesn't perform like a Mercedes-Benz.Now for the review:Beach: The beach is beautiful. The sand is fine and does not get to hot. The water is a perfect temperature and you will not find anything below your feet like large rocks. However, you will need to get up early if you want to avoid walking the beach looking for an available cot that you likely won't find. The beach has plenty of thatched umbrellas available but once again you need to get up early to find one available.Room: Just ask and you will likely be upgraded to a junoir suite when you arrive which includes a 2-4 person jacuzzi tub and an extra foldout bed. The room was large enough to be comfortable and had a large bathroom that is perfect when two people need to share the same bathroom. The balcony was pleasant when having a drink from the minibar after spending the day at the beach. However the bed was like sleeping on stone and the pillows were only slightly better than the bed.Bars: As I lot of people mention about the resorts in the Dominican Republic, the bars are not spectacular. The bulk of the bars only serve brands from the Dominican Republic. The beer was a decent quality although you only had a single brand available so you either like it or don't drink it. The liquor was also a decent quality but was about 40 proof rather than the 80 proof many people are used to drinking. Like the beer, you either like it or don't drink it. For a drink people are more likely used to I recommend the resort casino bar or the Hemingway Bar which both serve recognizable brands of liquor.Restaurants (excluding buffets): Don't even bother trying them unless are into getting pleasure from punishment. That's the best warning I can provide.Buffets: The food is quite good and you can always find a wide variety. You will not be getting whole lobsters or caviar for the price you paid to stay at this resort, so don't expect it. Casino: It was better than expected but not more than your basic casino. You had slots, roulette, and a few card games like blackjack to play. After 10 p.m. the crowd picked up and the casino had a much better feel.Guests (yes, I am reviewing the guests too! lol): The bulk of the guests were either German or Russian with a few Canadians and English thrown in. This was an excellent blend of people that were fun to be around and never became to loud or obnoxious.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>funinthesun566
<Content>Great Resort We always find it amazing that the reviews can be so different from each other.My wife and I stayed at the GP Bavaro in March of this year and liked it so much that we returned in Nov (20-27)2008.Although the weather in November was not as good as it was in March our experience at the resort was fantastic.There is no place that is absolutley perfect and you can always expect some minor things, however, we have found that tis resort is as well run as most.We travelled with AirTransat holidays and were given a few extras with their Imperial Club. Although no reservations are required for the resaurants, we were able to make reservations with the Imperail Club and therefore had no wait time at all. The resort has 5 restaurants along with the buffet which has a different theme each night. There was a wide asortment of food for most tastes and we did not have a bad meal at either of our stays. In Fact I had the best t-bone steak that I have ever eaten at the 1 restaurant.We did not go in the pool at all as the beach is so fantastic (white, powdery sand). If you want a lounge, unfortuneately you must get up early and reserve one as there are many selfish people who reserve chairs in the morning and then don't show backup until lte in the afternoon and then only stay for 1 or 2 hours.and during the rest of the time the louges stay empty.We found that the service was friendly and helpful. Tipping your room maid every day sure does help with getting any little extras.We have been twice and we would return.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sdm_8
<Content>Definitely not a 5 star.... My partner and I stayed at the Bavaro between 10-24 November. We had been to the DR last year and absolutely loved it so were looking forward to going back this year albeit to a different resort. Our intial impression was not great as checking in was lenghty despite there only being a few english couples arriving at the same time as us. We weren't offered a welcoming drink which during our stay we noticed were offered to all other guests. Our room I can't fault it was clean and large although one other reviewer mentions the sofa area as musty smelling which I totally agree with. There are four pools and they are all relatively small meaning that you had to get up EXTREMELY early to bag a lounger; the Bavaro pool is the most ugliest pool I have seen and is in desperate need of upgrading as is the music played which seemed to be three songs on a continuous loop. Also be prepared to be hassled all day long from people trying to get you to have a massage or go on some organised trip.Food is as you would expect in the buffet restaurants but the al la carte were awful, we only tried two and then gave up having to walk out both times without eating. There is suposed to be international brands of drinks included but the choice was limited and all tasted quite awful. The grounds are immaculate though but be prepared to get lost a few times in the first few days, the complex is huge with not a lot on offer apart from overpriced shops and dodgy entertainment.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DuosLeos
<Content>Hola Sunshine!       Beach view  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>Rooney1987
<Content>Pure Paradise...       One of the pools  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Truska
<Content>Good hotel, maybe just a bit overcrowded       The beach near the water  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	4	2	

<Author>VanessaCentroAmerica
<Content>Great Vacation I just returned from this place!!! The place is really really beautiful. Unfortunately there are some concerns that I would like the administration would take care of.1) Place and grounds. Really nice.2) Food: It is o.k. considering it is an all inclusive resort. After six days you start missing your own food. I would like to try more dominican food, and a more variety menu.3) Drinks: The same awful drinks that have no taste that you may find in an all inclusive resort.4) Rooms: Size is nice, jacuzzi is a plus. However, the furniture is in an urgently need to be renewed. The mattress the same. I wake up every morning with a pain at my back.5) Pools: Well, the pool at Bavaro URGENTLY NEED TO BE REMODELATED. This pool look that pertain to a 2 star hotel I cannot understand why most of the reviews mentioned how clean the pools are. Definitely, I do not agreed. The pools are dirty. You may notice that in all the ceramic around the pool. In the pool at the Palace, the pool that you you wakl in the ceramic has a yellow color. The swim up bars NEEDS REPAIR in all the pools. After 9 am you may not find a place to stay either at the pool side or at the beach. ADMINISTRATION: you have to resolve this problem, by building more kioskos and putting more lounge chairs. It is not an excuse saying: The early birds don.t have that problem, because early or late birds pay the space in both areas.6) Shows: I don.t know if to laugh or cry. I went to the shows every night, and believe me NONE is nearly to good. They advertise MICHAEL JACKSON as a great one. First: M JaCKSON IS NOT LONGER FAMOUS, AND I HAVE SEEN THIS SHOW IN OTHER ALL INCLUSIVE PLACES MANY TIMES. Please, be creative and change actual shows for others more attractive.7) Disco. The entertainment team should be more active and really provide their input at Disco time. All in all the infrastructure save this resort.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	5	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>dag758
<Content>had great time at palladium! A bit of background: Four of us (two couples in our early 30's) from England travelled to the Grand Palladium Bavaro on November 3rd, returning November 18th.I will write the review in sections to cover everything!! Check in: this was ok, we didn't get an arrival party as most guests did, but we were only a small drop off, the staff were fairly friendly and had good English. Unfortunatley, two of us were upgraded, which was a little unfair as we had booked together and paid the same money, this also would mean that we weren't staying nearby each other, so we all decided to ask if we could be upgraded together, or have standard rooms together. They wouldn't upgrade all 4 of us, so we had standard rooms in same block. This was a little awkward, and feel that the hotel or travel company should upgrade everyone who booked jointly, or single travelling couples only.Rooms:The standard room was fine, we stayed in villa 72, which was a really central location and near to everything. The standard rooms were about a four star rather than 5 star, but had no problems, air con was great as was ceiling fan, nice balcony, very comfy bed, iron and board which was great, and the fridge was restocked everyday. Our maid was really nice, and we tipped her and the fridge man daily, this did not give us any better service, until my birthday, when the maid gave us and our friends great towel art, and made the room a bit special, she was very friendly.Bugs:We did not experience any problems with bugs of any kind, none in the rooms, and of 4 of us, only 2 got bitten about twice, when they forgot to spray the deet spray. Pools: Our villa was closest to the Samana bar pool, this was a really nice pool, clean and large, the buffet restaurant was nice too, much nicer than la Cathedral we thought. There was a further 2 pools which were the same design one opposite the punta cana pool and one towards the royal suites, but not their own pool. Our least favourite pool was Bavaro, still nice though, and you were able to get a sunbed at this pool. On the subject of sunbeds, on our first week we could get a sunbed at anytime, by the second week you had to be up by 7 at the latest to reserve a bed, this got ridiculous and management say it is not allowed, but do nothing to stop it, it was very annoying, as even if you got up, unless you sat on the bed from 7, people would just take your towel off and move the bed!! The beach was the same!Beach:The beach was lovely, not the place for snorkelling but you can do trips as we did which cater for this. The sea was so warm, and a little choppy which was great fun. Water sports were avaliable, my partner took wind surfing lessons with Stefans who was great, he paid $90 for two one and a half hour lessons, which he said was worth it. He also went on the Kayaks, which were free. We had food at the beach bar, and it was fine.Restaurants:The buffet restaurants were ok, they served a wide range of foods and for the most part it was nice, however oriental night was a bit rubbish. The buffets did wear a little thin after 2 weeks, but the food was fine. The a la cartes were mixed. We really liked the Italian, Spanish and Dominican (la uva) The food here was the best. The mexican was ok, just not very mexican, we didn't try Bamboo although it looked nice and the worst restaurant was the Arrecife, the staff were just down right rude, the food dodgy, and we just didn't like it, tried it a couple of times to give it the benefit of doubt, but it wasn't good. The sports bar is a good idea, just for every now and then, they did lovely chips. I must point out that all of us suffered in the second week with tummy trouble, but would also like to say, that this is bound to happen considering the heat, not drinking enough water and change in foods, we do not think it was down to the food or the hotel and feel that more people should remind themselves of the symptoms of dehydration and lots of sun before blaming the food!Staff:the staff were in the main fine, polite, good English and happy, however some were very rude, but you get that in every hotel.People:We met lots of people who were great, the majority of guests seemed to be Canadian, American, German and Spanish however by the second week a lot more English arrived.Trips:We went on the reef explorer, and snorkelled in clear water, swam with stingrays and nurse sharkes, it was great. It is a floating island where you can sunbathe and relax. The party version with alcohol and music is the marinariam, i think, this looked fun too.shows/disco/casino/bars:these are in the theatres, some were really bad but funny, the best by far is the Micheal Jackson show, and the horror one wasn't bad either. We went to the disco twice, it plays mainly local music, but will take requests, and is all good fun after a few drinks! The Casino is small, and not really my thing but nothing bad about it to report. Hemmingways is the nicest bar and they serve everything you could ask for! Just a tip, for any late drinkers/party people, the resort lights are turned off around 3am, and i mean all of them, you cannot see your hand in front of your face, if this happens try to get to a lobby, they wll escort you to your room, you will not find it on your own!!Grounds:The grounds are beautiful, and the gardeners seem to work really hard to maintain them. The little train is a good way to see everything, and is a great idea.Sports/spa:The spa is really nice, you have to book time here. The gym was fairly well equiped and has an instructor, but was very hot! I much preferred running outside, around the complex, morning or night, it was a great way to get to grips with the lay out of the place, this made a big difference to me, as i felt completely safe.Weather:hot, hot, hot!!! In 2 weeks only one over cast day, and rain twice, once for about an hour at night and one morning for ten minutes, which was nice. The rest of our stay was sunny and hot around 80 degrees/30, nightimes are also hot around 70 -75/25.General:I know i have waffled on, but people like to know details!! In general we would reccomend this hotel, we had a great time, and found some of it 4 star and some of it 5 star. It could have been a little better, but could have been a lot worse.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>AvaElizabeth
<Content>Loved and Disliked There were 10 of us celebrating two 60th birthdays. We loved the hotel-very clean and the rooms were spacious. There is a lot of walking involved and I do not recommend this resort for people with disabilities or people that cannot walk long distances because there are no benches to rest on. The trams do not run every 20 minutes as advertised. Sometimes it would take an hour for one to arrive. The restaurants are fabulous. The buffets are very good because they have something for everyone. The grounds are immaculate and there is always someone to help you find whatever you are looking for. The casino was a bit of a disappointment, they only have 5 cent machines and only about 25 of those. The pools are great. Some of them have steps to get into the pools and some have just ladders. The swim up bars were nice. You have to get to the pools early to lay down your towels if you want shade. If you're fit and enjoy lots of walking this is the place to go.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	5	5	5	2	4	

<Author>howesyou
<Content>ten out of ten This Hotel is excellent .The grand suits were very well maintained and very clean. We had a brilliant stay, food fantastic with lots of choice, you must be very picky if you couldnt find something to eat. The choice was amazing. If you like the beach it was a picture post card soft sand and warm calm seas. There are lots of beach bars and resturant near the beach so you dont have to take your gear off the beach. The loungers were plenty and we bed hopped from one to another, same at the pool. There was only one pool but it was enough because there was plenty space and not over crowded. The bar staff came around every so often to ask us if we wanted drinks there were great. It has a swim up bar which had very pleasant staff. The night time entertainment wasnt up to much but we had company with us so we made our own entertainment. There was a show on every night for an hour which wasnt bad. There was a sports bar wich was airconditioned and well appriciated at night time and you could get pizza,chips hot dogs toasties etc. all in all I would go back  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Budiuwgb
<Content>Beautiful Wedding of our Dreams       On the beach  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>slyebob
<Content>Fantastic Wedding and Vacation Thirty one of us travelled to the DR for a wedding during the first week of November. The hotel chosen was the Grand Pallidium Bavaro. Having stayed mostly in Mexico before we were looking forward to the change in venue. We were not disappointed.The tour provider was Air Transat and our party had ben upgraded to imperial Club. The rooms were great and featured a huge bathroom with large Jacuzzi, double sinks and a separate shower. The only problem?? And is seemed amazing to me that with the great room, well stocked mini bar, and the excellent maid service that the pillows in the room were tiny sponge pillows and only two of them. Not a complaint..just a surprise.The beach was fantastic. I could only get up early enough once to get a palapa at the beach as most were gone by 6:30. A lot easier to get space at the pools, which were also nice.The hotel had great wedding facilities and the day went off withouht a hitch. Wedding planner was there to ensure there were no problems. Okay the horse was sick so no carriage ride. Again that was handled with ease.The staff were all friendly, well trained and always there to help out when needed. There was always a friendly Hola from the maids, bartenders and even groundskeepers, of which there were many.Since every review shouldpoint out any negative aspects there was one. To be safe we ensured we booked the ATV tour with the hotel and when we did we were told that was lucky since you can't trust the beach salemen. We were assured the equipment was fairly new, in good running order and the tour wourd be fantastic.When we got there we found that they had booked so may people that all machines would be be used and had only 4 or 5 employees for this large group. Even before we left the complex 3 machines were already breaking down with many more to be fixed during the tour. Some of the ones which didnt die sent smoke billowing through the countryside. If we go to the DR again this tour will not be part of thre trip.Other than that we loved the trip, the hotel, the people and one more thing...STEVE'S BAR. Try to make it there for the ice cold beer, Carla and Leticia, the servers and to spend a bit of time with people outside the resort.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>welovetotravelalot
<Content>9 out of 10       Train Stop, right in front of our rooms  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Cerveza_por_favor_8
<Content>Heaven This was my first trip to Punta Cana, had no idea what to expect. But I absolutely loved it.Clean hotelGreat ServiceDance club on location ( private)5 minutes from the best dance club in town ( if you are looking for a good time check it out)Beautiful long beach- white sandGreat foodNumerous choices of buffets and restaurantsFlea market nearbyNo regrets..I would like to stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Heather092
<Content>First Class Place       Oriental Rest  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tbs82478
<Content>Earns the name "Grand"       View from beach  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>laurstar143
<Content>Awesome Vacation, beautiful resort The hotel was absolutely beautiful, and the staff was very helpful. They were all very helpful, and most seemed to speak English. We did have a problem with the air conditioner and had to have our room moved after one really uncomfortable night. However, we were upgraded to a much nicer room, and we were very happy. I don't know if this is a normal occurance, but there were brief power outtages basically everyday. They usually weren't a big deal and lasted less than 5 minutes, but we did have one that occured at around 8pm and lasted for a good half hour or so and it was so dark your eyes couldn't ever adjust to it. In addition, one morning there was a little crab walking across our bathroom floor, and we are still unsure of how that got there (we were thinking it might have crawled in my beach bag or when the maid cleaned the room because she keeps the doors open)The beach was amazing! It was so beautiful and not ridiculously crowded. I do recommend going out early (like 6 am) and reserving beach chairs by putting your towels on them, especially if you want an umbrella. There are a bunch of little bars on the beach so you can always get a drink. I recommmend the banana mama, but make sure you ask them to add the rum if you want it because if not you will get a virgin one. I wasn't a fan of the coco loco, but my boyfriend loved it. Not many Americans there, mostly Europeans. One previous reviewer wasn't lying when she said lots of [--] lol so if you dont want to see that or your kids to see it this isn't the place for you. They teach dancing on the beach every morning and have a lot of fun out there.The food was really really good. There are so many options at the buffets and for the most part the food was excellent. The salmon does have the bones in it still so be careful about that. Every night they have a different theme. Our favorite was the italian night. Also, don't worry if you don't like a particular type of food because there was always normal stuff like pizza regardless of the theme. The staff are a lot fo fun there too. They are always dancing and singing. In addition, most nights when you walk in the buffet the first thing you encounter is a girl handing you a shot of rum, tequila, sake, mamajuana, or some other type of liquor. While the buffets were all basically the same our favorite was El Behique. It was nicer, and the service was excellent there. Our wine and water glasses never emptied. We only went to one al la carte, and it was mare nostrum. They served italian food , and it was really good. You no longer have to make reservations for the a la cartes either. We also had no problems with getting sick or anything. By the end of the week however, I was dyinggggg for American food and was so excited when I saw the Wendys in the Punta Cana airport that I didn't care at all about the ridiculous prices.One warning i have is be careful with the phones! We were not able to use our phone cards from the hotel rooms. I don't know why, but they just weren't working, and in order to even attempt to use them you had to call the operator first which costs $1 USD every time. We gave up on them because they were not working, and decided we had to use the pay with credit card option ir oder to call home. It said to dial *20 and that it cost 36 Dominican pesos/minute (which is about 1USD/minute). Well just the other day I checked my bank statement and was outraged to see that each phone call cost me $42 USD. I called the company and was told that every call has an immediate $15 USD charge, and that it is not 36 RD/minute, but actually $3.99 -$5.00 USD/ minute with a minimum of a 5 minute phone call. They said they had no idea what I was talking about when I told them about the 36 dominican pesos. The company was very shady, sounded like a party going on in the background, and when I told the guy that I could not hear him over the background noise he began yelling at me. They also kept asking me for my boyfriends credit card number which they had absolutely no reason to need since I used my own credit card. They told me that if I had dialed *009 or something like that I would have known about the charges; however, there is nothing about that anywhere in the brochure the hotel gives you. We were basically naive tourists, but I still think the company is a scam, because no where do they tell you that there might be other charges or anything.All in all we had an amazing vacation. There were a few little tiny glitches, but they were minor compared to everything else. I would definitely go back again.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hedgehoghale
<Content>fantastic holiday       sanoa island  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>web_guru_123
<Content>Caribbean HOT spot!       Bar on the Beach. NICE!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travelingbasket
<Content>Wonderful place to get married......       Perfect place for a beach wedding  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>edbricas
<Content>Nothing to critiscise Returned From Palladium Bararo last week, we had read some of the mixed reviews on Trip Advisor - after we booked and although some were very critical we went with an open mind and looking forward to a great holiday.Travelled with Thomsonfly out of Manchester, England, in their Premier Class cabin, excellent service, great legroom and comfort and a good flight, not impressed with the Aldo Zilli menu though!Arrived in a very hot Punta Cana airport had the obligatory photo taken with two lovely Dominican senoritas, which we bought on our return for $8US. Travelled the twenty minutes to the Hotel on a bumpy but well Aircond sharabang. Very impressive entrance and reception lobby, choice of chilled fruit juice and water available at the entrance. Checked in in record time complete with wrist bands, probably less than five minutes. Porter took us to our Junior Suite which lay half way between the beach and the lobby, where four of the complexes eleven restuarants are situated.Suite was excellent, clean, comfortable beds, Large bathroom with jacuzzi which was good fun. A/C and fan, with well stocked mini bar topped up every day with water and every other day with bear and soft drinks. Clean towns everyday for $5 tip left every other day. Maid service was excellent.Fabulous beach with plenty of loungers, although you do have to get up reasonably early in order to beat the Germans for the best positions. Watersports and beach activities were plenty and varied and we didn't find the beach sellers in any way a problem.First night we dined in the La Catedral restuarant, what a fantastic choice of food, so good we never got around to trying any of the A la carte restuarants, mainly because my wife and 15 year old step daughter fancied most of the waiters, who filled the wine glasses after every sip. The range of food was extensive although I am sure had we have been there for more than a week would have become repetative, but then we could have tried one of the 9 A la carte restaurants. Le Arrecife restaurant by the beach, for lunch was also excellent with the same varied choice of dishes. All the staff on the hotel were very friendly and helpful, right across the board, pool staff, beach staff, bar staff and restaurant staff. The condition of the hotel, the rooms and the grounds was a credit to the hundreds of people involved in the running of this complex.The entertainment in the two theatres was okay, the Michael Jackson Show being the best, live music in the Lobby Bar and on some nights in the restuarant was good, we did not have enough nights to check out the other two hotels on the complex, next time definately two weeks.I am usually a constructively critical person and found it difficult to find anything to complain about.Only down side was a Thomson booked excursion to Ocean World at Punta Plata, the othe end of the Island. We went swimming with Dolphins and sharks, a great experience, although most of it is geared to photo opportunities. Our day was marred by very bad transports arrangements and lack of communication, late pick-up from the hotel, arrive at the airport to fly up to Porta Plata to find a plane with no fuel, arrived late at Ocean World and were rushed to fit everything in. Then we were rushed back on to the coach for a hour tour of Porta Plata which was not on our itinary, and then when we arrived back at the airport there was no plane and we had to sit on the pavement outside for an hour waiting for a plane, which we were told would be here in ten minutes. All in all an excellent holiday, highly recommended.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TC77
<Content>Not perfect, but you'll love it! Hope this helps...Weather:amazing, even with the threat of hurricane seasonit only rained one day but the rest was unbelievable!Food: 9/10...very cheesey, great selection, great quality/quantity, dont count on good sushi if you're a sushi lover like me... it's not the same.... but all other theme nights were awesome!Sports bar has the same selections though : pizza(awesome) burgers, fries, salad, popcorn etc...open 24/7 which is very convenient after the disco:)Service: crappy lobby service, there's a pretty girl with blue eyes who speaks english  treated my boyfriend like SH** when he asked a question, I shut her up tho :) Poolbar service is slooowww in the pool, but the dry section is pretty good...All restaurant service is excellent!! Those waiters/waitresses deserve those tips!Beach: stunning! lots of boobies tho so if you're bringing children, or are insecure  bringing boyfriend, you've been warned! It's not that bad tho, no one's bouncing around...Disco: lots of fun! Great service, great crowd, very big so never too crowded!Rooms: pretty good, little creepy crawlies on the floor tho ( just tiny baby ants)  we had a little friendly lizard livin on our ceiling for a day or two... Excersion: we booked w a guy from Extreme (not affiliated w the hotel) so make sure the weather is good before you book. We almost got screwed, paid 110US for the both of us  the day we booked for the ATV excursion rained like a mofo  we couldnt find the rep or anyone to tell us it was cancelled so we thought we got ripped off. Fortunately, the rep showed up (an hour after we were supposed to leave)  gave us our money back. Our friends who we met up with there did the ATV  loved it so dont be discouraged, just make sure the weather is good before you book it. Pool is great, very refreshing the activities are fun  we won a few bottles of rum so we were pretty happy:)It's a very big resort but once you follow the paths, you'll get used to it... The a la carte: was pretty good, 8/10... service takes a while depending on how busy it is... desserts are delish!Live entertainment is truely fantastic.... in the lobby  in the theatre... the michael jackson show is insane! Those dancers are talented!  the live music in the lobby is what we looked forward to after dinner when we just wanted to chill, drink, play cards or just have a cigar.... very relaxing!The gift shops are ok, arm a leg if you ask me so come prepared!!There's a mall about a ten minute cab drive away that has cheaper suveniers but more expensive clothing but wonderful unique styles... called Palm Real...phone cards there are10US as opposed to 20US at the hotel ...just a quick tip.Overall it was beautiful! I would highly recommend it to everyone!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	2	5	2	

<Author>simpletravelers3
<Content>Grand resort, not so grand food Grand Palladium Bavaro Resorts  Spa Beautiful, gorgeous resort, if the food was good it would be GRAND.Stayed 8/13-22. Only rain on Friday during the tropical rain storm. You would think that there wouldn鈥檛 be anything to do- but they brought some of the outdoor activities inside 鈥?Spanish, dancing lessons and games. There are lots of activities to do; you don鈥檛 need to leave the resort for anything- basketball, badminton etc. They have a kid鈥檚 mini camp.Two shows nightly to choose from, best show - the Africa show, Michael Jackson good. There is also a night club, which opens after the shows finish at 11:00PM. There are six or five restaurants 鈥?we ate at three of the restaurants; seafood restaurant 鈥?bad; Chinese restaurant ok, Spanish restaurant 鈥?ok; my hubby had the pork dish at the Spanish restaurant which he said was ok. We have yet to have a good meal with the exception of breakfast after that it鈥檚 downhill; if the food wasn鈥檛 salty it was cold instead of hot. It seems as if they just recycled some of the food from lunch into the dinner at the restaurants and buffets. For those who think we are picky eaters, we like and try most things long as it is good, but I had to write about the food. This is the only fault that marred a perfect trip. Breakfast had juice bar, many breakfast selections- native foods and American breakfast, cold cuts etc.; my hubby and I stocked up at breakfast. We tried breakfast at all the restaurants that served breakfast 鈥?and decided that the Cathedral was the best for breakfast and dinner; each night there was a theme for dinner at the Cathedral.Best meal we had during our entire Punta Cana stay was not at the hotel, but on the Outback Safari tour 鈥?home cooked Dominican lunch 鈥?bbq chicken, rice, salad, fruits, beans, spaghetti. Tour was good and so was our guide was Omar. Beach is ok; we usually went to the beach after 3PM when we could easily find a spot and beach chairs. You weren鈥檛 rushed as some hotel beach guys do to pack the chaise. The guy only took those that had nothing on them. Don鈥檛 know how it was during the morning at the beach, did notice that towels were left on the pool chaise with no owners in sight; which is the usually practice.Our junior suite was nice, bed needed new mattresses, and the hotel is very stingy with towels only 2, we had to ask for wash cloths and got 2 more towels without any problems. The room did have a slight smell after being locked up all day; hubby said it was because our room was near to the beach. We usually opened the balcony door when we returned and the smell would be gone in a few minutes.We both agreed that we really liked the hotel and would go back; we just wish the food was a grand!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>jodyager
<Content>Did not meet expectations but had fun!       pool at grand palldium palace very close  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>gallup
<Content>WONDERFUL but cannot wear shorts to dinner I stayed at the resort with my family, we had 44 in total. The hotel is beautiful, the rooms large and the beach is one of the best and cleanest I have seen.All was great except the restaurants with the exception of one WILL NOT allow men in without long pants. This is so rediculous as hot as it is there. The heat and humidity do not make long pants very appealing.We really love the resort and the train that it offers to get around is fun.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>CierraJaccob
<Content>I spy a lizard...       Punta Cana, DR  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>SoccerRef
<Content>Grand Palladium Bavaro vs Grand Palladium Riviera Maya Hola,This will be a summary of our trip to Punta Cana with the occasional comparison to the Grand Palladium Riviera Maya. I wanted to get things down on paper, or cyberspace as it were, while they are still fresh in my mind.Who am I? I am a 51 year old American male from Forest Hill, MD, which is about 50 miles north of Baltimore. I traveled with my wife and two sons, ages 20 and 18, to PC from July 16 thru July 23. Our family has previously stayed at the GP Riviera Maya (Colonial) in 2006 and 2003.Disclaimer: What follows are my personal opinions/observations. Departure: Booked an Apple Vacation through Judy and Maria's Travel (on-line...they have a very informative website) and I highly recommend them, and no, I do not work for them or have any vested interest. We left BWI on Wednesday morning and the Airbus A320 actually left the gate 30 minutes early...sweet...early arrival meant extra beach time! Flight was not full and had plenty of room to stretch out and stow carry-ons.Arrival: Arrived at PC airport 20 minutes early; loved the open air design and appearance. We got through customs and immigration and were on the van to the resort within 30 minutes. Much easier and quicker than the Cancun airport. Ride to GP took about 30 minutes. Not much to see. The whole country appears to be under construction. My impression was this was not a locale where you would be anxious to rent a car or scooter and tour around on your own.Check-in: Got to the GP Bavaro around noon. I had requested two second floor junior suites near the beach; got two 1st floor junior suites in building 42, which is between Hemingway鈥檚 and the Bavaro lobby. Oh well. Was initially disappointed, but not enough to request a different room, and as it turned out, the location was fine. Did I mention it was close to Hemingway鈥檚? One room was ready immediately, so we dumped our luggage, changed into our swimsuits, and went in search of lunch. Found El Arrecife at the beach, ate lunch and hit the sand.Beach: Ah, the beach. Lovely, and superior in every way to the beach at the GP Riviera Maya. There was a bit of seaweed to be found every day in the surf, and the water was a little choppy at times due to the sea breeze, but all in all quite nice. This was not the tranquil surf we had when we were in Negril, Jamaica ( I would rate the beach in Negril ahead of PC), but the view, and weather every day, were outstanding. As to the weather, my wife and I both thought the weather in PC was not nearly as hot, or humid, as what we experienced in Mexico. Every day was sunny and clear, with a nice breeze. The evenings were comfortable, and we did not notice any bugs/mosquitoes at night. Every day there are vendors trolling the beach with carvings, cigars, trinkets, etc., but they are unobtrusive and a simple shake of the head and a 鈥渘o gracias鈥?is all that is required. The hotel photographers also wander around with parrots, a snake, iguana, or a small monkey in search of a photo op. I went with the parrot, who happened to relieve himself on my shoulder at the precise moment the picture was taken. As they say, 鈥減riceless鈥?and I have the $10 picture to prove it.Yes, it is a topless beach. Not a big deal, and even my two testosterone-laden sons were matter of fact about it. Most of the women who went topless shouldn't, but to those select few who should, and did...thank you!Room: As noted, we had two Junior Suites, one with a king bed, and one with two doubles for the boys. The mattresses were quite comfortable and we had no trouble sleeping. We found the rooms to be quite spacious, and the bathroom was really nice, with two sinks, whirlpool tub (which we did not use), separate shower stall, and separate toilet w/door. I am 6鈥?1鈥? and one of my pet peeves when traveling is a shower head that is set too low, forcing me to bend over to wash my hair, rinse, etc. No problemo in the junior suite, as the shower head was height adjustable. Nice.Wifey felt the bathroom could have used more light, say one over the shower stall, as well as an exhaust fan, but these are just minor quibbles.Grounds: I could not get over how beautiful the property was, not to mention how well-maintained. The different types and sizes of palms, varieties of flora and fauna, all seemed to be integrated well with the buildings. It just seemed 鈥渘atural鈥? as opposed to my recollections of the GP Colonial/Kantenah in Mexico, which also was attractive and well-maintained, but seemed to me to be 鈥渃onstructed鈥?and not as naturally beautiful. Personal preference I guess. We found it quite easy to get around the Bavaro side of the complex, but did get confused on our occasional forays to the Punta Cana and Palace sides. We walked up the beach looking for the new spa one afternoon (whose location does not yet appear on the map by the way) and only stumbled on to it after asking 3 or 4 employees for directions. The spa is very nice, and we took a quick dip in the pool/lazy river, but did not avail ourselves of any extra services. The spa was not busy. As others have noted, there are two trains (green and red) that make a continuous loop of the complex. We utilized the choo choo a number of times from the Bavaro lobby to the Mare Nostrum ala carte, which is on the other side of the complex. The train takes you past the sports complex, the Punta Cana and Palace lobbies, the Casino, the Spa (so that鈥檚 how you get there!) and then runs along the beach for a spell, stops at El Arrecife, and then continues back to the Bavaro lobby. The train was always crowded, especially at night.Pools: The pool at the Bavaro was nice, unless you have seen the pool at the GP Colonial/Kantenah in Riviera Maya. The clear winner here is Mexico. It seems to me the pool in Mexico is the centerpiece of the property, and that the rest of the resort was developed around it. In Mexico, I also liked the fact that the pool was much closer to the beach than in PC. The pools in Punta Cana were OK, swim-up bars, etc, but my wife missed the submerged loungers that she fell in love with at the Colonial. So, if this is important, go to PC for the beach, go to Riviera Maya for the pool. Having said that, we stopped at the pool each afternoon on our way back from the beach, floated over to the swim up bar, and watched the last of the pool games/activities.Restaurants/Food: I find it quite amusing to read posts on Trip Advisor, Debbie鈥檚 Dominican, etc. from people complaining about the food at resorts such as the GP. It makes me wonder just what they are eating at home. They must be doing way better than I am. In my opinion, if you cannot find something to your liking at the breakfast, lunch, or dinner buffets, then you are some kind of unreasonable moron. My wife and I usually prefer the ala cartes to the buffets, but in PC the ala cartes were just OK. We hit the El Quijote (Spanish) twice, the Mare Nostrum (Italian) twice, and El Arrecife (Seafood) once. The ala cartes were never crowded, and we arrived at prime time, 7:30-8:00 PM and were always seated immediately. We went back to El Quijote for the garlic shrimp appetizer, which was the single best thing we had at the resort all week. The other appetizers were good as well. The main courses were a little uneven. My sons said the chicken was good, but the beef dish, which was advertised has filet, was more along the lines of an Outback sirloin. I usually stick with fish, and they seem to do grouper pretty well in PC. I love salmon, but did not care for it here as it was always full of bones. Mare Nostrum was OK, and El Arrecife was good, but the service there was very, very slow. This is not the fault of the employees, but the night we ate at El Arrecife, there were literally no more than 10 people working the entire restaurant, including waiters, beverage servers, hostess etc. They were running themselves ragged. My wife and I felt bad for them. Some patrons got a little testy, but we just had another glass of wine and rolled with it as we had no where else to go and all night to get there (apologies to Styx). The beverage guys at both Mare Nostrum and El Quijote were outstanding and our wine glasses were never empty. The house wines, both red and white, which are Spanish, were medium dry and pretty decent. I鈥檓 not a beer drinker, but my son informed me that the local brew, El Presidente, was just OK.Every night at the buffets is a theme night, and the two nights we ate there was American and Asian. We all thought the food at the buffets (La Catedral) was quite good, and my sons ate at the Gala and Italian night buffets as well and had kudos for both.Entertainment: We tried the shows on two different evenings and just couldn鈥檛 get through them. The staff was trying hard, but it just didn鈥檛 click with us. We preferred to end our evenings at Hemingway鈥檚, which we did every night. It was never crowded, the air conditioning was kicking, and it was a nice place to wind down. There is some top shelf liquor to be found here, Kahlua, Frangelico, Johnnie Walker, SKYY, etc. and they make a real nice mojito, with fresh mint.Disco/Sports Bar: This portion is brought to you courtesy of my sons. The disco was apparently the place to be from 11-2 each evening. It is two floors and rocked every night. When the disco closed, I believe the party moved to the sports bar next door, which is open 24-7 and where one can get nachos, hot dogs, burgers, fries, popcorn, etc. I also heard tales of 4 AM swims in the pool, which I鈥檓 sure is not encouraged by hotel management, but it didn鈥檛 seem to be prohibited either. Ah, youth is wasted on the young.Excursions: We did not leave the property so I can offer no advice here. My son and I did rent the two man speed boats for the two hour guided snorkeling tour, and we had a blast. It was $60 per person. You get the boats right on the beach and follow the guide up the coast to the snorkeling spot.Sports Complex: Every day at 5:30, my sons (both college soccer players) would head over to the sports complex for the daily soccer match. There is a quite nice field turf pitch, and as this resort is heavily marketed to Europeans, these games were a veritable United Nations experience. Spaniards, Germans, Brits, Canadians, Poles, Russians, Italians, Americans, French of all ages (12-50?) would gather to partake of the beautiful game. Fast friendships were forged here, regardless of language barriers, and plans made to meet up later at the sports bar/disco. My sons hooked up with some lads from Newcastle and Leeds in the UK, and one of them may come and visit us next summer. So not everyone hates Americans these days.Staff: We found the staff to be by and large very friendly. Dust off your high school or college Spanish and give it a go. My goal was always to speak Spanish and have them answer me in Spanish. I was told by one of the staff that I did not have an 鈥淎merican face鈥? and that only encouraged me more. A smile and an unsolicited 鈥渉ola鈥?go a long way. You get what you give. Please, if you are an ugly American and expect everyone to speak English, do us all a favor and stay home. The PoPs work their butts off all day in an effort to get everyone engaged. There were aerobics on the beach every morning, silly games of all types, salsa lessons, etc. My losing venture at horseshoes turned into a dance lesson (think Elaine on Seinfeld) which I am sure caused nightmares for anyone unfortunate enough to witness my moves.Final Random Thoughts: Americans are definitely in the minority at the GP Punta Cana. My estimate of the clientele in descending order of percentages is: Spaniards; Germans; Canadians; British; Italians; Americans; others. I would guess Americans were less than 20%, at least the week we were there. That was not an issue with us, as we like to experience a little cultural diversity, and my sons enjoyed it greatly. So, caveat emptor.The resort was no where near at capacity. Europeans still smoke like fiends. Apparently that surgeon general鈥檚 warning hasn鈥檛 made its way across the pond yet. While all the air-conditioned restaurants and bars are non-smoking, the open air lobbies are not. So be prepared.My wife and I both thought it would be nice if they had someone playing a piano, or maybe an acoustic guitar, at Hemingway's. My son and I picked up a case of the traveler's quick step while at the resort. It was inconvenient, but didn't stop us or keep us in our room. I went to my doctor when I got home and he wrote me a scrip for Cipro, which is now generic and cost a whopping $4.00. That and a bland diet for a few days seem to have knocked the bacteria out of my system. My doctor had an interesting take on traveler's diarrhea. He said that whenever he travels to the Caribbean, Mexico, or even Southern California, near the border, he takes a pre-emptive dose of Cipro. He starts the day before he leaves and takes it the entire time he is away. He told me that if I had called him and told him where I was going, he would have called in a prescription for me and I could have done the same thing. Interesting...I would like to know if any other addicts have had this same conversation with their doctor.OK, here it is. Americans are fat. There is no way to sugar coat it. The more you travel, the more you notice it. Walk around a place like the GP Bavaro and then compare it to a walk through Wal-Mart or your local mall. My eyes, my eyes!!!Thanks for listening.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Mmmmmojito
<Content>The bad reviews are from picky people! This resort is wonderful! This resort came highly recommended by our travel agent, and we were thoroughly impressed. It's not perfect, but it's definitely a beautiful resort with clean rooms, immaculate landscaping, excellent food, and an amazing beach.Some of the slightly negative parts we would be:-sports bar is pretty pathetic-reception staff isn't incredibly helpful-nightly entertainment was very good, but a little repetitive, and the theatre gets very hot and stuffy-no snack places close to the beach or poolsSome of the highlights were:-amazing food at all the buffets and restaurants we tried-great drinks-beautiful grounds with covered walkways so you don't melt in the heat while walking around-lots of shady spots and beach chairs available at the beach-beach and ocean are clean and beautiful-our room was immaculate (just a regular room with king-sized bed)-since we went in low-season, we could go to the 脿 la carte restaurants without reservations (although the buffets were so good, we usually ate there). Service was always good wherever we ate, and we didn't even tip!-not too many vendors on the beach, but you could walk down the beach just past the resort to a market and get all your souvenir shopping done much cheaper than at the gift shop-disco was alot of fun at night-hardly any bugs/insects at all (I think we saw 3 mosquitos all week, and no flies in the restaurants)Any of the negative things we encountered had absolutely no effect on our holiday. We would definitely go back to this resort.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>mexicoboundNS
<Content>It was great! Come on people, you are on vacation..relax a little!       beautiful beach  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>saintsfanengland
<Content>Loved The Grand Palladium       Punta Cana Beach  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bellavaca
<Content>Nice Island Bad Hotel This was my second vacation to Punta Cana but the first at this hotel and the last! I traveled with my family of 5 and my sister's family of 6 ranging from ages 8 through 43.The Lobby: was open and hot as hell. You could not go there at night to listen to the live music because you couldn't breathe. At check in they give you a plastic braclet to wear your entire trip which everyone HATED. You got a stupid stripe on your wrist from the sun and it got in the way if you wanted to wear a braclet. You have to sleep with it and shower with it and it is annoying.The Staff: at the reception desk did not speak English well and were not friendly unless you spoke Spanish. To their surprise my husband does speak Spanish. When we checked in they told ME our three rooms were each in a different hotel which was totally unacceptable being I booked well in advance and my son and nephew were NOT going to be in a different hotel from my sister or myself. When my husband spoke to them in Spanish and told them we needed three rooms together like we had booked they suddenly came up with three rooms right next to each other. The hotel manager Jose Torres was never taught  the customers are always right attitude approach he is horrible with customer service and now I understand why his staff have bad customer service skills.The Rooms: were clean, large, and air conditioned well. I didn't see any bugs Thank God! The shower door was broke so there was a mini flood every time you showered. They were cheap with the towels and gave you face cloths when they felt like it which wasn't often. The safe in our room broke in the middle of the week and was still not working when we left. The mattress, pillows, and blankets ALL need to be replaced. The maids were all nice and very appreciative of a tip which was a pleasure to leave to them.The Beach: was nice but the seaweed in the water was awful. There was not enough lounge chairs and not nearly enough huts so you have to get up before dawn if you want a hut. I was aware of topless beachgoers and in fact my sons were looking forward to them BUT........I think they should have drawn the line with the topless mixing with little kids on the water slide. The water slide charged $30 a day but haggle with them because by the middle of the week we were paying $10 a day. The hustlers on the beach are soooooooo annoying. They come up to you literally every 5 minutes. DO NOT buy cigars on the beach. My husband did and they rolled old cigarette butts in them. They do have a security guard on the beach but I still don't know what he was there for! The Pool: was dirty and as hot as a jacuzzi. They give you cards for towels which is also annoying. You are allowed one towel per person per day and if you lose your card you have to pay $15. I am supposed to be stress free on vacation and I was STRESSED OUT counting towels and cards every day.The Liquor: SUCKED!!! When you can NOT get a tropical drink on a tropical island you know your in trouble. A blender was no where to be found. Your pina colada came out of a slushy machine with a drop of crappy rum. Forget about brand name liquor or popular drinks they were not to be had. The bartender at the beach named Jose was a doll and did the best he could with what he had. The Food: was OK. The buffet was better then the La Carte Restaurants. Bring long pants for males over 10 they have a dress code and that is if you are a female you can go in practically naked but if you are 11 and older you must wear long pants in 95 degrees with 100% humity. I am all for looking presentable and my family looked presentable but the men had too much leg showing. I am talking about shorts coming past their knees! We spent in total $300.00 in long pants and the restaurants weren't worth it. In fact three of us got sick and are still sick a week later. The Excursions: were not what they appeared to be in the brochures. You rode in an open truck that was hot for a long time through poor villages with children begging on broken ATV'S. The water excursions were much better.The Resort: was huge. They have 4 different hotels we stood in the Bavaro which is near the beach and pool. They do have a train and that is nice when you time it right otherwise the wait is too long so you end up walking.The Spa: was excellent for massages. My sister had a manicure and pedicure but it wasn't done professionally.The Entertainment: was not of quality or quantity. Forget small children or young adults. The casino was pathetic. The beach and pool activities were lame. The club was probably the best thing going but it started at 11 pm. Maybe for some that was fine but for me it was too late to start because the lapse of time between dinner and 11 pm was long and I would get tired and llose the momentum.Overall: I like the island but DID NOT like the hotel. Hardly anyone spoke English. Perhaps this hotel is perfect for Europeans. I had been on trip advisor before I booked the vacation and the average rating was 4. This is why I decided to write a review because from now on I am going to read the lower rating reviews more carefully. Initally I thought they were nitpickers but after rereading them when I got back everything I read that was negative was a problem for me as well. No place is perfect but this hotel didn't come close. I will be back at Turks  Caicos next year!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	2	1	2	

<Author>cle3
<Content>Wonderful, relaxing, enjoyable vacation!!! Our family of 5 stayed at the Grand Palladium Bavaro from July 6th- July 13th and had a wonderful time. Not sure why all the negative reviews suddenly at the same time we were there鈥t is like they were at a different hotel completely!! Here is our family鈥檚 prespective (2 adults and 3 children: 11 and under):Reception: they were very nice and very helpful, we were the only people inline at 10:30am tho. They did have buses full of travelers arriving Sunday night when we were headed to dinner. But they seem to have a system for this as they set up extra tables to accommodate the people. Our room wasn鈥檛 ready which we planned for. We finally got to checking in at 4:00 (we lost track of time while in the pool..LOL!) and dh went and checked us in by himself while the kids and I swam.Room: we had a junior suite to accommodate all of us, and it was very roomy. It had 2 double beds and a large queen pullout that was already pulled out for us. The beds were comfortable. The room was VERY clean, very very clean. We had swan towel animals and flowers on arrival and again later in the week. It seemed very quite as we did not really hear our neighbors at all 鈥?except the day we both at the same time for breakfast.I will say the a/c was broken on the Sunday of our arrival and it was hot when we went to try and sleep in the room, however, the hotel was working on the situation and sometime in the middle of the night a/c was restored. It was fine from that point on. Our did not smell or have bugs or anything. It was located a short path walk from the pool. This was also very nice.Food: La Cathedral had a great breakfast where they served so many things. They offered mimosas on Sunday with breakfast (wither orange juice or guava juice) which was a nice touch. The made to order crepes are also delicious. We had lunch at 3 places El Arrecife 鈥?the only lunch spot in the Bavaro section, La Uva and El Behique. El BEhique had the largest selection and it was very good, a little warm at lunch but the food was good, and La Uva was cooler but offered less, it was nice to mix it up, we all thought so. Dinner we ate at La Cathedral most nights because of the themed dinners it was never the same foods and had all types of foood offered, beef Wellington, roast turkey, seafood, salads, breads, pasta, rice dishes, pork, also always available were an Italian pasta bar (we did not use this) and a grilled meat section (also did not use). So there was something for everyone. We were impressed with the food over the other 2 AI鈥檚 we have stayed at. The 2 nights we did not eat in the buffet we opted for La Uva and El Quijote. Dh and I ordered the same dish at El Quijote and mine was very good he however got the end of the lamb and it was dry my was completely the opposite. The kids all liked what they ordered too. La Uva was also very good and very different than anything at home. Everyone enjoyed trying it. The wait staff at each restaurant was very helpful and very friendly. Mi amigios!!! Beach: beautiful!! Nice waters, wonderful sand, and love that they left the vegetation on the beaches, it actually is not as narrow as they say if count all the sand portion. It was more than enough space for everyone and we never felt crowded. I did go early to get a palapa, we wanted a front one with the kids and everything, and it worked out well. The water was great!! Yes, there were venders but a simple smile and No Gracias, and they were on their way. We did walk down to the hut area to buy t-shirts and we did not find them to be too pushy at all, actually I was surprised. Pools: we swam in the Bavaro section pool, the La Uva pool and the El Behique pool. We preferred the La Uva and the Bavaro section pools, mostly because they offered some shade in the afternoons while in the pool. All the pool bars were nice and we never found the drinks to be watered down. One afternoon they were offering the kids cocolocos y chocolate鈥?.it was like a mounds bar in a cup you had with a straw鈥ery tasty!!! The staff at the pool bars was also very friendly and very nice! We never found anyone to be rude or not helpful.Grounds: stunning!!! Very well maintained!Kids club: we did not actually go to the club but they do offer an excursion for the kids every Tuesday they take them to Manati Park from 10am-3pm for free. My children did not want to go, they said it was too long of a day to be away. My 3 did participate in the beach activities 2 days and also sometimes played waterpolo and volleyball when they kids club came to the pool we were in. For the beach activities they walked the beach asking kids if they wanted to join 鈥?they would tell them what they were doing and they kids could win baseball hats and tshirts and get certificates. The beach activities were beach Olympics, etc. Other: we are English speaking Americans who thoroughly enjoyed our week there. We speak some but very little Spanish. My children have had 30 minutes of Spanish daily in school since 1st grade, I took Spanish in high school many moons ago. But in our attempt to speak with the staff and understand was truly appreciated, and to be quite honest they did everything they could to help everyone. One day at the dinner a man did not speak Spanish or English and when the staff member figured out his native language he went and got another staff member to help the translation. I found this to be the case in most areas. No one ever was rude to anyone that only spoke one language. So I am not sure why this is a huge thing鈥n fact we always found the opposite to be true. I also noticed how appreciative the staff was if we walked our empty plastic cups to the bar instead of leave them wherever. In my book common courtesy should be used at all times. We would definitely recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>krobella
<Content>Go somewhere else! Problems right from the start. I was traveling with my husband and our four boys ages 19, 14, 12, 8 and my sister ,her husband and her kids ages 19, 16, 12. We booked three rooms. When we got to the resort we were told that our rooms where in buildings 7, 34  65! Now 7 and 65 are about one mile away!!!! I said this will NOT work! I can't have my kids so far. Plus my sister and I didn't want to be that far considering we booked six months before. They blamed it on Expedia. We demanded to speak to someone in charge. NO ONE SPEAKS ENGLISH! It was impossoblio to get better rooms. My brother in law who speaks Italian can also speak Spanish, thank God. They miraculously came up with three rooms all together. BAR~ After the plane ride and the room mix up I just needed a nice tropical drink. After all I was not letting anything get me down. I was on vacation. OK that attitude lasted about two minutes. No one spoke English at the lobby bar. My tropical drink was disgusting. It had some weird liquor in it that did not even get you relaxed. They add a dot of alcohol. Now I would not consider myself an alcoholic by any means but I would like alcohol in my drink, mucho not a dot! What the hell is Classico anyway? That is all they have. No grey goose, no Pucker, no Bacardi. Forget an apple Martini, nothing. I was sooooooooo bummed. This was the same which ever bar you went to. Including the TRASHY Casino. What a lame casino! The girl behind the bar was so freakin rude!KIDS~ Nothing at all for kids to do. They put these lame games together and (God forbid your kids should win at a game) they have the kids go to this lame place at 9:45 PM(!) to pick up a certificate. My poor eight year old, he dragged us to get the certificate, they didn't have it! They said, in Spanish, tomorrow at the beach. Yea, that never happened. PICTURES~ OK, once again the girl behind the counter at the picture desk in the lobby was so rude and did not speak a word of English. At ten dollars a picture she should have been nicer. So all week I am buying pictures. My kids with a snake, monkey, lizard. We take mucho pictures with the parrot, they accidently erased all the pics off the camera. OK, I posed like a moron with a parrot on my head for nothing, fine. How about all of a sudden I notice people haggling picture prices! Oh yea. I was paying full price and some people where paying half price. Now I did my share of haggling on the beach but I did not think of doing it inside the hotel. SHOPS~ Oh my goodness! They charge 16% sales tax! Can you imagine? Rude as hell too. One young man was very nice. RESTURANTS~ Food was OK. I am still sick though. I was sick first, then my sister and my husband. My husband got it the worst but mine came back when I got home. YOU NEED DRESS PANTS!!!!!!!! We had to buy them there. My husband looked like a weirdo in his white see through pants. He was so pissed. I usually don't pack dress pants, but I will pack dress shorts. No, only MALE kids 10 and under do not need long pants. In fact only males need to wear long pants, woman can go with there asses hanging out that seems to be OK. So we went to the rude 16% sales tax store and found gay traveling pants for everyone. My sister had male capri pants for her oldest son. They said no way they needed to be long pants. After going and spending hundreds of dollars on pants we went to the Mexican resturant, it was not the best. I got sick the next day. ROOMS~ Mine was always kept very clean. The shower leaked into the toliet area so we had to keep a towel there. No face clothes ever. That did not sit well with me but I got over it. They put a board under the pull out mattress and the beds had sharp springs popping up. I did however like my junior suite. Thank God it was clean.When we were leaving we gave the maid our usual $5.00 per day tip. She was screaming like she just hit the lottery. Then my sister gave her the same tip and we then tipped her for our 19 year old's room. She was so thrilled. I was so happy for her. I had tears in my eyes seeing how happy she was. NO WASHING MACHINE. I had to rinse everything in the tub. I could not pack bathing suits with sand in them!POOL~ Dirty always, way to warm and the drinks SUCKED. You could however always get a lounge chair under a beautiful tree.BEACH~ I liked the beach. It was busy but not overly crowded. Getting lounge chairs after 10:30 was OK but you could not get under a hut or tree at that time. My kids played on the slide everyday. It is $30.00 per day but once again you can haggle. We where down to paying $10.00 per day. My husband HATED all the sales people on the beach. There where tons of people CONSTANTLY asking if you want to buy something or go on an excursion. Lots of the woman were topless. My kids saw so many boobs that it stopped phasing them after one day. A woman walked up to the beach bar with her boobs hanging to her waist and was drinking and talking to the people she was with like nothing was different about her. One dad was surving his topless wife and topless daughter drinks like they where fully clothed. Not what us Americans are used to. I told my kids, that's it mommy's top is going. They all started running out of the water screaming. I could not stop laughing. Of course I was joking!Jose at the beach bar was so nice and very friendly.EXCURSIONS~ The ATV riding was terrible! They take you on a bus through the poverty stricken island. My husband almost ran over a wild horse on his ATV! There were kids begging, the ATV's kept breaking down. We saw the horses that they rent out to ride on the beach, we planned on doing that the next day we had already given a deposit, well the horses looked half dead. We cancelled and they gave us most of our money back. SPA~ The message was nice. The manicure pedicure, terrible! No base coat, no top coat, filed all my nails uneven with a broken file. I paid $39.00 for a horrible manicure. TRAIN RIDE~ We thankfully where right next to the beach. To get around you must take the train. Once you were on it it was fine but waiting stunk. SUM IT UP~ Go somewhere else. The vacationers where rude, the staff did not speak English, the drinks where terrible.Beaches Turks and Caicos was awesome!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	1	1	4	

<Author>chamasandcoke
<Content>nothing cud spoil our honeymoon well what can i say about thjis resort????This was our first visit to yhe carribean and prob. not our last......we chose this as our honeymoon and what a great choice this was....the beaches were tidy....the food was good.....the drinks were above average......and the blackouts were cool!!! oh and the staff....... superb.....especially as my spanish is poor yet the english was very good. I wont lie we had a sewage pipe leak twice and our mini bar was not always filled but this did not deter us from enjoying this stunning country.....the service was great....the food was good....the drinks were of what u would expect from an all inclusive resort (even had smirnoff, jim bean and bombay) i have experienced alot worse fro other all inclusives) def. will return in the future  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	4	2	

<Author>slp223
<Content>Not Impressed I booked through Apple vacations and they were great. We arrived at the Resort before check in and our rooms were ready. The Room:We stayed in the Junior Suite which wasn't anything special. The beds were hard but after the first two days this didn't phase me. The air conditioning worked great in our room which was a plus. The jacuzzi in the bathroom would have been great if it worked. Finally after awhile it decided to kick in and work. There was blood on the shades in the bathroom which I found disgusting. We had the first floor and some bugs did get under the door so watch out they could be quite big. The Beach:The beach was nice. A little small for my taste. Very narrow. The water was beautiful. Never had a problem finding chairs, even after 11:00.Pools:There were so many to choose from. The Bavaro beach wasn't anything thrilling compared to all the other resorts I've been to. They don't really take the time out to clean the pools at all during the day. The pools at the Punta Cana were much nicer but still nothing special.Drinks:If you are looking for a strong drink ask for mucho anything becasue you drink will barely have any alcohol. Roberto at the lobby bar will take care of you. He was great.The People:Well if you speak English good luck finding someone else who does. The language barriers are huge. We are very social and this was a big downfall.The Food:The only good one was the Tex Mex one. We ate there twice. The buffets were OK. Definitely not a 4 or 5 star rating food. Don;t get me wrong there is enough to choose from and you won't get hungry.Don't get me wrong this isn't a bad place for maybe 3 stars. You can find a much better resort in the D.R. I wouldn't waste my time going back here. There are far better resorts on the island. Choose wisely. you'll have a better time somewhere else. Was it pretty? Yes. But you could have five time nicer somewhere else and spend the same amount of money. I'm lucky I got a good price on this resort. had I spent what the rates are now in July i would be completely and utterly unhappy. I will never return here. Try the Majestic or the RIU. Both gorgeous places and well worth the money. I you do decide to stay here you won't have a terrible time but trust me for an extra $100 go somewhere nicer. You'll be much happier. And p.s. the burgers at the sports bar were gross. I don't know what spice they put in there but it was just bad. really bad.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>3	2	-1	3	3	3	4	3	

<Author>Sionnach78
<Content>Some Balanced Reviews please? Before going to Punta Cana I eagerly awaited the latest reviews and forum updates on the Grand Palladium Bavaro Hotel. Since returning and reading some of the more recent ones I felt compelled to give some balance to future potential visitors as it's all too easy to write a solely negative/positive review.A little background - 2 couples travelling together aged 27 - 30 years old. Have been on similar trips before, including all inclusives but not to the Caribbean itself. (1) - Reception - Utterly incompetent and rude, regularly over 14 days. Absolutely zero communication between them and a glazed look of I don't care as they begrudgingly dealt with issues. Example - Door was broken to room which locked us out. At least our friends were beside us. 6 phone calls and 2 visits to reception over a 10 hour period followed - No help. At 2am, a maintenance crew member broke the door in for us. Worse still, 3 phonecalls were made the following day to have it fixed for obvious security reasons. Result? Nobody had a clue about the problem. We sat in the room until 3pm until they finally arrived to fix it. Manager didn't help at all and demanded we pay for the night as our things were in the room and as a result we technically stayed there. There were more unreal attitude probelms ahead but I'll leave them out. I must point out that I have no doubt that others may have had great service from reception. We didn't and it left a bad taste, maybe we were unlucky. There is a massive difference between laid back and unhelpful.(2) - Rooms - First room was a deluxe until we upgraded. It had filthy stained jacuzzi, leaking AirCon, broken toilet door, leaking shower, broken phone and old musty sheets. Second room, Junior Suite, was far superior even though it cost almost $400 to upgrade. Unfortunately, if you don't tip on Day 1 the lovely flower petals and folded towel animals are omitted. Over 2 weeks our room was not cleaned 4 times, once for 3 days. Despite calls to reception and customer service desk, this was never explained or even remedied.(3) - Food - I enjoyed it a lot as I didn't expect Michelin stars. La Cathedral got a bit dull but the others such as La Uva were worth a visit. The 'A La Cartes' are just a 5 option menu so don't get too excited at the prospect. The Italian restaurant is the best of those by a distance. 3 of the 4 in the group had stomach problems but this may have been more a combination of heat and new cooking styles and seasonings. (4) - Beach - Best part of it, absolutely fantastic. Glorious sand and sea. No problems getting beach beds but this was low season and I imagine it can get worse. Lots of activities going on and the beach vendors were nowhere near as intrusive as I had been led to expect. A simple 'No Gracias' with a smile is plenty if not interested.(5) - Resort Spa - Thoroughly enjoyed this place. An oasis of calm, staff were excellent and the massage treatments were top drawer, thoroughly professional and modern. Gym was befitting of such a nice place. A great spot to shade from the sun during the midday heat.(6) - Facilities - Sports centre was impressive and courts and equipment were in good condition. Pools were busy and had a great atmosphere but there were a number of broken tiles and dodgy cleaning areas. Entertainment staff were nice and friendly and made a hell of a good effort. . Drinks were great and floor service was excellent. Elizabeth in the Punta Cana section deserves special mention - Thank You!A few pointers to the ridiclously exaggerated review about everything being 'perfect'. For example, The Sports Bar has a pool table which is 20 years old at least, no cue ball, no chalk, broken pockets and comes with dodgy cues. Hardly perfection but even if you don't care about playing pool, it's indicitive of the resort as a whole, except for the spa which is first class. The place is not 5* as we know it and I would say closer to 3*, 4* on a very good day. I got the feeling it was low season and everyone was less enthusiastic. The other 2 hotels within the resort were a completely different experience and full of helpful, attentive staff. I still can't figure out if the Bavaro is where they go to learn their trade, vice versa or if it is a punishment to be there but it stands out like a sore thumb.The place is idyllic and the weather was amazing, I defy anyone not to enjoy it. I wouldn't be returning to this resort as there were some stunning places on view up the beach that I would like to visit instead. Great experience and a fantastic trip in spite of the hotel itself rather than because of it. P.S - Don't even dream about renting a car, the locals are bonkers on the road!! Lovely friendly people and I recommend the trips out to the countryside to meet them....  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	1	2	2	

<Author>JohnTheTraveler_8
<Content>Wow! What a resort! The Grand Palladium Bavaro it!s EVERYTHING that anyone could possibly want in a resort-Location, fine restaurants, beautiful beaches, tours, power sailing, immaculate landscaped grounds, palm trees, exotic birds and pink flamingos, several pools, great service, friendly accommodating staff, plenty of free entertainment, casino, free shuttle service around the entire resort...What else is there?Just a wonderful, one of a kind exprience my wife and I will never forget!Language Alert: You will thank yourself for learning a little working Spanish, to improve communications with staff and fellow guests, as English is NOT the dominant laguage spoken. All of the main hospitality staff DO speak English, but sometimes they struggle with comprehension, nuances and syntax. Also, it is exhilirating to hear so many languages being spoken in the same place at one time-Spanish, German, Dutch, French, Italian, Haitian Creole, Swedish, Hindi, Urdu, English!Health Alert: Guests do a LOT of smoking-all bars, casino, most beach areas, beach area restaurants. Haven't these people ever heard of cancer? Or even second-hand smoke? As non-smokers, this was the only drawback!Nudity Alert: If you are offended at women occasionally walking the beach or sunbathing without tops and wearing thong bikinis, you may want to have a talk with your kids ahead of time.Be Generous: The average worker makes around 6000 pesos a month ($200 US dollars). Tips make a HUGE difference! They work at the resort 12 straight days, then get only 3 off to be with their families!Be Respectful: A simple hello (HOLA in Spanish) works wonders! The staff and servants are unfailingly polite, smiling and greatly appreciate being acknowledged as human beings! Remember-YOU and YOUR CHILDREN represent whatever country and culture you are from. Please be sure to leave a positive lasting impression!Can't wait to go back...John  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RealDealProd
<Content>Grand Palladium Bavaro Resort        Beach, Sun  Pina Colada - What a life!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vicbc31
<Content>Hermosa Dominicana!! At first, if you read this is because you like to do a little research before you book any trip. Yes, I really liked this trip. when we arrived at the resort land---there are three resorts in the same land but they are apart. the differece is the price, the name is a little different and one of them is only adults. At this resort the staff are very nice and very helpful. the staff for the activities work very hard since they are working early and they party with you late at night.It is a very relaxing place and the beach is beautiful. the food is good as you can choose from many things, you have to remember that you are in a different country and food taste is different. in general this resort is great and I would love to go back again. I was very happy w/ staff, room, facility, food. etc.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>robynw08
<Content>Fab hotel, loads of fun!       a punta cana pool  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dphouse
<Content>Dynamite Time at the GPBR I simply love the GPBR. We arrived on time from STL. Our room wasn't ready (room 1141) until about an hour after we arrived at the hotel, but so what. We had a perfect location (close to the beach and close to all of the restaurants). This was our first time there and we were encouraged to leave our bags so we went at it. After reading the different reviews it's safe to say that some people are sort of picky and hard to please. I enjoyed the people and the food. (I must admit that I ate a little too much (indigestion), but that was my fault. We enjoyed the tram/train. We walked a bit. Someone wrote that the tram was a joke. It was slow enough to take in all of the sights. I loved the people (especially the women) :) I was on my honeymoon as well. I picked up a few spanish words and phrases (some naughty and mostly friendly). I had a great time with the staff. The staff were very friendly.We are an African American couple and we were catered to (not because we were AA), but because we were friendly and appreciative. The beach was great. I loved the topplessness, despite not everyone being in the greatest of shape. Then again, who is. This is totally prohibited at any public beach in the US that I know of. I loved all of the restaurants. The staff seemed to try very hard to please the guests. I actually enjoyed tipping. I am willing to bet that 99% of the people from the US can't get this quality of service in the US. You may get better food, but it wouldn't necessarily be over the top better. Let's face it, you are not at home. The beef may be raised differently, the seasoning of the food is different, you can't get Budweisers there (as far as I know). Loosen up spoil sports.The people selling items along the beach can be a little annoying, but brush them off if you don't want to be bothered.I AM going back and I will stay at the GPBR. As a warning of sorts, bring money and personal items (tampons, lotion, deoderant, cameras, contact lens solution, etc., unless you don't mind paying for the items at about a 500% markup). Am I right people. Overall, we stayed from June 15 - June 22, it cost about $2100 altogether and all-inclusive (for 2 people). How can you get any better than that. If you want better food and quite possibly better accomodations, go to Europe and get your pocketbooks in order........  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Whateverfantalemon
<Content>Terrible, very anti-British Me and my girlfriend had the misfortune of spending two weeks in the Grand Palladium Bavaro, having first to cope with a 9 hour flight delay leaving Newcastle Airport things didnt get off to a great start. After the bad start im afraid to say that things soon progressed from bad to worse, we had money stolen from our locked room (hotel customer service manager didnt seem to care and was in fact rude), I would like to go into more details but at this time we are seeking legal advice on the matter. We also found the staff (with the odd excepetion) to be rude, sulky and have a very negative reaction to not just us but other English guests who stayed at the hotel at the same time we did. We often ordered drinks around the pool and in the restaurants and they simply never arrived (this WAS NOT the case with guests from other nations). While im on about the restaurants we found the food to be of a very poor standard, for a 5* hotel the lack of any herbs and spices in the food was a joke. Another problem with the hotel was the local companies located in the hotel who tried to sell you excursions every 10 yards, a polite no thank you these guys refused to take and we spent half of our holiday trying to advoid them. We spoke to several other guests from the UK and found that our problems weren't uncommon and some even had worse experiences than ourselves (one couple from Scotland even had sewage coming out of there air-con system for most of there trip!If you are looking for a holiday in Punta Cana I urge you to look elsewhere as this hotel would be lucky to gain a two star rating in Europe. For the reasons stated above I wont be returning to this hotel and I also wont be visiting any of the Fiesta sister properties either.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	2	

<Author>ky-mic
<Content>The Good ,the Bad,  My husband and I visited the GPB June 22nd - June 29th for our honeymoon. Our flight went smoothly and we actually arrived early, around noon. Our ride there was interesting to say the least, I think a couple of people actually feared for their lives due to our crazy driver, who would pass anyone at anytime regardless if there was on-coming traffic! When we arrived to the resort we were prepared to hang out in the lobby with some drinks until check-in time @ 3 pm. Unfortunately, 3pm came and went and our room was still not ready. At 4 pm our room was ready, luckily it was worth the wait. Our room was the romance room and it was perfect, plus we were only feet away from the beach. We had flowers on our bed and complimentary fruit and rum. The first couple of meals we had were a little disappointing, but after the first day they continually got better. Despite what you have heard you can go to the nice restaurants as many times as you want for dinner, we loved Bamboo and Mare Nostrum. We only did the buffet one night and that was plenty.The Good: 1. stunning beaches and plenty of available lounge chairs. 2.The excursions- we did the Outback adventure and Stingray Bay. On the Outback adventure it was one of the first times we were surrounded by Americans(which was nice), we had an excellent guide named Alex, and we actually got good beer for the first time. It was really eye-opening to see the real Dominican Republic. Stingray bay (aka Carribean Festival) was a blast, doubledecker party boat, snorkeling by the reef, swimming with sharks and stingrays, fab entertainment, and mamajuana. 3. Our room, beautiful, big, clean, and by the beach. 4. The resort staff- always friendly even though most did not speak fluent English. 5. The Michel Jackson show was fun - just make sure you sit at a table or they won't serve you The Bad: 1. The buffet food was no bueno except for the breakfast food. 2. The tram was a joke, we usually walked faster!The Ugly: 1. The Drinks- reg bar drinks were okay but were bottom quality liquor. We drank water at dinner, their table wines and beer (El Presidente) were sick. The best drinks we had were when we mixed our own drinks (rum coke) in our room and the beer from the Outback Excursion. 2. Lack of Beachwear - I have no problem with people going topless or wearing a speedo, but please only do so when you look good doing it and I'm not talking about having a perfect body, but at least be under 180 lbs.All in all we had a great time and I would recommend this resort, just make sure you are prepared for it not to be perfect and not to see many Americans unless you travel in the winter.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	5	3	

<Author>emmilou05
<Content>Awesome Vacation and Resort We stayed at the Grand Palladium Bavaro Resort and Spa from 6/20 thru 6/25. We had two Jr Suites for my husband and I along with our four teens ages 16-19. We all had an awesome time, but wished we would have stayed longer! The resort is beautiful and the staff (servers, bartenders, and animation team) are some of the nicest people we have ever met! Especially, Viz, Iris, Morgan Freeman, and Tony and the entire animation team. The grounds are immaculate and the rooms were very spacious and nice. The only problem we had was that the air conditioner began dripping water from the ceiling our 4th day there. We reported to the front desk, but it was never fixed. We had to put a trash can under it to catch the water, but it didnt slow us down any! The report is very large, but we enjoyed walking down the beach and then coming back by all the pools and stopping by for a drink. However, we mainly stayed at our pool at the Bavaro. The pool bar is great! The food was good; was very much the same as the buffets we had in Cancun at the Palace resorts. Just wish they would have food or snacks around the pools. We ate at the steakhouse a couple of nights and enjoyed the T-bone steaks. We tried to go to the Italian alacarte one night but the wait was too long, so ate at one of the theme buffets instead. Our kids absolutely loved the disco and sports bar. They met friends there every night and had a terrific time with everyone including the staff. The beach is the most beautiful beach and water we've ever seen. Hemmingways was a great place to go after dinner and relax in the air conditioning and enjoy great drinks from Viz, Iris, and Juana. The animation team all go out of the way to ensure everyone enjoys themselves and they are so friendly and funny. Our kids all participated in many of the pool games and had a great time...lots of laughs! All in all, we had a great time and can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>BigE2319
<Content>Loved the Bavaro Well to start off, our flight to Punta Cana was real quick. Upon arrival you enter an outdoor airport, with the largest ceiling fans I have ever seen. After a short bus ride to our resort, we weren't able to check-in until 3. Let's just say we arrived to the resort around 11:30-11:45. So we walked around the resort and ate lunch. After we checked in we were upgraded to the Romantic Suite. I heard people would die for these suite's. We only ate at 3 resturants La Catedral, La Arricife, and Bamboo. The best was the La Catedral, that was the buffet. I have to go out on a limb and say it is the best buffet in the Carribean. There wasn't much to do at the resort, at least I felt that way. There was only 4 complimentry water sports. I felt like the daily activities, were kinda of boring. My favorite part of the resort, was the train ride in between the other resorts. My wife and I took a cultural tour of Santo Domingo. If you are willing to take a 2 hour bus ride, then go for it. We did see some neat historical points in the Domincan. We also go to see there version of our White House. Don't judge my review as negative. I you are up for an inexpensive trip, Punta Cana is just for you.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>3	5	5	5	5	4	3	4	

<Author>sperrybella
<Content>Not Great.... Not Bad.... My husband and I have traveled quite a bit in the Carribean, with this being our second trip to Punta Cana. The last trip we stay at Secrets Excellence. Comparing the two, there were good points to both.Arrival:This was the first time that we were ever able to check in our room as soon as we got there. We arrived at 12:00 noon, and was very surprized to be able to start our vacation right away. Room:We booked the romance suite for our anniversary. I was definitly worth the extra money. The room had a king canopy bed with a sitting area, and a vanity in the main room. The bathroom was large with seperate shower and toilet area. One problem that we had, was that the whirlpool tub did not work. But, the outdoor shower ceratinly made up for it. Our room was 1212. We really liked the location, because it was near the beach. The room was very clean and no other complaints other than the tub.Beach:OK....the beach is really nice, BUT forget about getting a pappala unless you are there before 7 AM!!! So we had to play the game!!! One tip... we would return our beach towels after going to the beach for the day, and instead of getting our cards back, we would get clean towels. So in the morning as soon as we s we got up, we could take the towels down and reserve our seats. The towel hut doesn't open until 8:30, so that way we always had our towels. At Secrets, it was very natural with nothing on the beaches pretty much in either direction. The Bavaro is sooooo large and there are other resorts close by , you don't get as much of the natural beauty. Also, there is ALWAYS someone trying to sell you something!!! That got annoying. We prefer the beach at Secrets much more.Food:This was where the Bavaro was far and away better than Secrets. We ate at all the al a carte rest. except the Asian. We thought that there was a lot of variety and different things available. Very good in this catagory.Activities:We both had massages at the spa. We both enjoyed them. Not the best that I had ever had, but not the worst. Go to the spa just to hang out by the pool and use the facilities there. It is pretty nice. We also frequented the Casino. If you are looking for a poker game like my Husband....good luck! There was one poker table and you had to have 5 players. We checked several times, with no luck. But, blackjack and the slots were fun.Extras:Be prepared to fill out several surveys. Everytime you eat at an al a catre rest. you will have to fill one out. Be prepared to walk a lot. The complex is huge!!! Being an American, we were definetly a minority. Most everyone is from Spain or Germany. Sometimes, it is really nice to hear English spoken. Brush up on your Spanish before you go!!!!All in all, I would go back for a really good deal.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>ttking
<Content>pools close at 7pm boring boring boring! pools close WAY TOO EARLY!!! nothing to do at night! grounds are beautiful, beach is beautiful, staff is nice until you go swimming after hours then they call security on you. ridiculous. i'd never refer anyone except my grandma there. the sun does'nt even go down until about 8:30pm but the pools close at 7pm sharp!!! good thing my kids did'nt come with me because they would of been so upset to have to get out of the pool while the sun's still shining. drinks are ok, their beer is better than their drinks. food is repeated throughout. we stayed at the royal suites so we could use all the amenities throughout the complex. we thought that by staying at the royal suites with all the adults that we would have more fun but it was just the opposite. it was horrible. there were 6 of us that stayed for 6 days and we all got sick by the 4th day although we did'nt drink the water. our pool bar stayed open until 12:00 am but they(bartenders) said they could not turn up the music.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	2	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Caribenha
<Content>Great vacations       small train  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>perrim
<Content>Eh, not that great We were traveling with five other couples, all family members. By way of background, we are all in our 30's and 40's. I'll give you the pros and cons.PROSThe room - the room was beautiful. We stayed in the Royal suites and had a junior suite on the third floor with an ocean view (there were some things leading up to this nice room, see cons below). The room was clean and nicely appointed. The hot tub was very nice.The disco - the disco was fun. They played a block of American music and then a block of Latino/Spanish music. It was never overly crowded and the staff there was nice. The sports bar - the sports bar is in between a pro and a con. It was a pro because it had a pool table and TV's with some sport events aired nightly and has burgers fries dogs and is open 24/7. It was a con because it had a cafeteria feel to it, not like a regular sports bar. The food is inedible, except for the fries ,so the fact it has food 24/7 is not at issue. It's okay for a place to hang for a while.The rum - the dark rum served at the bar was fantastico! Try it in the pina colada. The staff is also not light on the amount of liquor in the drinks which is nice.The beach - the beach was beautiful - the ocean lovely. Calm waters, crystal blue, no rocks and just a tiny little seaweed. Despite what other travelers stated, we never had a problem getting a Papalya to sit under or a beach/pool chair. The beach was perfect.That's where the fun ended.CONSThe food - the food was terrible. The only edible food was at the Mexican restaurant. and the fries were also very good where ever you went. Everything looked good, but it was not. Seven out of 12 people we traveled with became very sick and none drank the water which leaves a question as to what exactly was in the food to make us all so ill. Other people we spoke with said people traveling with them fell ill as well. Between the sickness and the awful food, this is the first vacation that I actually lost weight.The service - The staff were, as my boyfriend put it, the nicest unhelpful people you ever want to meet. In response to any issues we had, the management would smile and promise to take care of things. They never made good on the promises. We arrived with six couples, all who requested rooms on floors two or three (no one wanted a ground floor room because they are humid and smell of mildew, as do most tropical island first-floor rooms). Four out of the six couples received rooms on the second or thrid floors. Myself and my sister-in-law did not. As expected, the rooms smelled terrible and the sheets felt almost wet. The hot tub in our room did not work. We immediatley requested to be moved but were told the respot was full. They promised to move us the next day. The next day came and they said they still were full and promised to move us the next day. The next day came and we spent hours in the lobby waiting to talk to the manager who then came out and said there were no rooms. My boyfriend then took a firm approach to the problem and amazingly, two rooms were suddenly available. Those rooms were very nice, see pros above. Safety issues - People here were too lax as far as I was concerned. For example, there was a large amount of broken glass in the hallway and I called to have someone come sweep it up. The gentleman who answered the phone said Would you like me to send someone up to clean it immediately or can it wait until the morning. (It was about 1AM). Um, let's see. Broken glass all over your public, second floor hallway. People walking around in bare feet. I don't know. I guess it can wait until morning, it's your law suit buddy. Guess what? 9AM, glass still there. My boyfriend went down and cleaned it up. My safe was broken in my room as well. At 4AM the lights in the hallways and on the staris went completely out each night. Now I understand that there are not all that many people walking around at 4AM, but the casino was open until 3AM and then we walked on the beach for a while - by the time we got home, all lights out. I thought there would be motion sensors, no luck. What if there is a fire? How is everyone going to see? I don't know, maybe it's me.The entertainment - They have nightly entertainment which is included. One night was Karaoke night. My boyfriend and his sister got up to sing a song. Admittedly, they were not all that good (LOL), but mid-song, the DJ turned off the music and ended their performance abruptly. No one else up there was all that great either, but everyone was given the courtesy to able to finish their song. We're on vacation to have a good time, no to win American Idol. Their ending of the song like that was just down right rude. Other entertainment, for example, inclided an impersonation show. If your idea of an impersonation show (Madonna, Usher, Elvis, etc) is a bunch of people immitating a music video and lip syncing to music, then this is the place for you. If not, you're not going to like the entertainment.The bar - aside from the rum, the rest of the liquor had much to be desired. We were told that there would be Budwiser beer, there was not. We were told that there would be top shelf liquor, there was not. No bartender knew what a rum runner or bahama mama was. There was only one place to get a drink in a coconut and it was far away - other than that, no special drinks were available that would make you feel like you were on vacation on an island. The only choice of beer was Presidente. Which was good for a while, but everyone who drank beer was sick of it after a few days. No second choice of beer whatsoever. Their top shelf whiskey was Johnny Walker. I have no idea what vodka they had but it was not Absolute or anything remotely close.No ATM - Bring cash if you want to tip people or buy things in the local shops or gamble. There is no ATM on site. You need to take a cab to a shady part of town and get a cash advance at a bank which charges a nice surcharge. Other resorts, I am told, have ATMs but this one did not. Very surprising to say the least.The language barrier - Admittedly, we are in the Dominican Republic. I don't expect everyone to speak English. But I expected being a top rated hotel, the bartenders, wait staff and the management would speak almost fluently. This was not the case. This is not a big con as again, I am in a foreign land, but I just expected something a little different. If you can brush up on your Spanish, it would really come in handy.Bottom line - go to Cancun.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Marlin1978
<Content>Amazing and Unforgettable       View from the room  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nosbigyeroc
<Content>Amazing GETTING THEREWe all know how major airlines are these days, and with that said, taking a charter airline was a great move for my family and I. We took USA 300, and everything went perfectly. We took a 6 am direct flight out of Cleveland, and we were sipping down drinks on the beach by 11:30 am. Unlike the major airlines, our flight was not crowded at all either way. In fact, on the way back I had all 3 seats in my row to my self. The best part of all was that we saved $2,000 by taking USA 300 out of Cleveland. Granted we had a 4 hour drive home from Cleveland, but we only lost about 2 hours, and the drive really was not that bad. So I really recommend getting a travel agent, If you get a good one, they can find you great deals like we had. THEY CHARGE $10 PER PERSON TO ENTER THE COUNTRY...so if you are going soon, don't forget! Other than that, Dominican customs are practically non-existant. Just give them the money, they check your passport, and just like that you're in. You take a bus to your resort. If you book through Apple Vacations, there is a representative that will give you your bus number. One last note, there are a lot of sky caps there desperate to make tips, and they can be very pushy...if you don't want them helping you, simply say your fine, and they will leave you alone.CHECK INThe check in was about as effortless as it can be. Since we got there so early, our rooms were not ready. So just pack your bathing suite and some sunscreen in your carry on, and hit the beach while you wait for your room. We stayed at the beach until about 5:30 until we finally went back to get our room. They drove our bags to our room, and we were all set. If you are looking to book two joining rooms, I really don't think chances of that happening for you are pretty slim. In fact, I'm not sure if they even have conjoining rooms there. My family had 2 rooms in the same building, and that worked just fine.THE ROOMSThe room's are kept spotless. However, as it is anywhere you go, the more you tip each day, the cleaner the room. The beds are a little hard, but once again thats to be expected. Marble floors, big closet, safe, his and her sinks, jacuzzi tub, and everything you could ever need are in there. The rooms look out over the very well kept landscape of the resort. Trust me, you're not going to spend a lot of time in your room if you go, so it's hard to find a lot of stuff to complain about.THE BEACHone word...WOW! I've been to the Caribbean every year for the last 7 years and this beach simply blows everything else away. There is a reason it is rated as one of the best beaches in the world. The sand is perfect, and the beach is very wide, and very long. You can walk for miles if you'd like, and u can see a lot of the other resorts located on Bavaro Beach.. The water is so blue, and is really breath taking. Now, when I was reading reviews before I went, I read a lot of complaining about the amount of beach chairs, and chairs by the pool. If you wake up no earlier than 9:30 like I do, you are going to have to go chair hunting. It's really not that as of a pain as it sounds like though, and if you keep an eye out, you won't have a problem. I would highly advise you to do some tanning before you go. Your tan will be much more even, darker, and better looking when you come home. If you live in a cold place full of people as white as snowmen like I do, all you're friends will surely be jealous. It is an a beautiful beach and you will not want to leave! Here are some unique things that go on during the day at the beach: There are some guys walking up and down the beach selling excursions. They sell stuff like snorkeling, and banana boat rides. We did a snorkeling excursion and an ATV excursion through one of these people ( his name is Miguel). Here is the thing about booking through these guys instead of say Apple Vacations. You will do everything they say the excursion includes, and the prices they give you will always be cheaper than the big services like Apple. In fact, on the ATV excursion, we went every single place the Apple tour took its customers, but we payed much less than we would have had we gone through Apple. But the catch is, the way you book, and get to the excursion is a little bit shady. When we booked our ATV excursion, we walked with Miguel to the end of the beach that is off resort property. Miguel talked to his boss who called his boy to reserve our spot on the trip. Then later that afternoon, his boy came and picked us up and took us to the ranch. The excursion was a lot of fun, and the point is that these guys on the beach can be trusted, even though at times it may not seem like it. However, if you don't like to be weary, don't book excursions through the guys walking up and down the beach. I have to mention the shops at the end of the beach not owned by the resort (it's the same place Miguel took us to book our ATV excursion). If you are not in the mood to do some tough haggling, DO NOT go to this end of the beach, because these guys working the stores are sharks! They are very pushy and simply do not take no for an answer. Once you have something you want to buy, negotiate for the price. NEVER, EVER take their first price. If you pay 50% of their original asking price, you are still getting ripped off! For example, A guy wanted to sell me 4 necklaces for $95! I ended up paying 20. These guys are brutal though, and it takes a while to talk them down. Be firm with them, and don't show any weakness, because if you do, they will smell blood, and then you are sure to get screwed! If you are ready to buy some gifts, haggling with these sharks can be entertaining, and you can land some great deals. They will make you feel like you have screwed them, but trust me, you haven't. If they were the ones getting screwed, why would they accept your price? There is a massive blow up slide owned by the resort by the resort on the beach as well. However it cost $5 for 6 slides. Finally, beware, there are a lot of topless tanners, and a lot of men in Speedos. You get used to it after a while. After all, you're to busy checking out the beautiful scenery! THE FOODI thought the food was authentic, unique, and best of all, great tasting. I'm not a very picky guy though. To me, if it taste good, it taste good. It's that simple. The A la Cartes do not require reservations. I thought the food, and the service at all of them was great. The Buffets are great for every meal of the day. They rotate themes every night, so you are not eating the same food over and over again. The staff in both are some of the nicest people you will ever meet, and if you try to speak some Spanish they really appreciate it. There is a 24/7 sports bar, that serves the basics like hot dogs, and chips. The soft serve ice cream machine was a big hit with me.THE NIGHT LIFEAs I said before, I have been to Caribbean every year fr the past 7 years, and this resort by far has the best night of all I have been to. There are two theatres to choose from that have after dinner entertainment. If you happened to get called up on stage, trust me, you will be doing something that will be funny for others to watch, but not so funny for you. However, it's all in good fun! After the show, the place to be is the disco, especially if you are young and single. During the day, it might seem like the resort is full of nothing but couples and honeymooners, but all the younger singles surface at the disco every night. So for all my late teens, early 20s people who are heading down with parents and friends, trust me, although it might not seem like it during the day, you will be just fine. Alcohol flows like a river all night, and if you love to party, you wont be let down.EXCURSIONSContrary to popular American belief, you CAN go off the resort with out getting abducted. People off the resorts are used to seeing tour groups going around every day, and they are not going to do anything to you. As you read before, We booked our stuff through the guys on the beach. We did an ATV excursion, and a short snorkeling trip. I'll start with the ATV excursion, From the ranch we went to a cave full of water (went swimming in it), a few small shops, and a really cool secluded beach. We went in the afternoon, and I think this was a much better option than going in the morning. We left at 2 and were back at the resort by 630ish. The strongest from 10-1, which is smack in the middle of the morning tour. Who wants to be away from water during the hottest hours of the day? I had a lot of fun, and if you go make sure you wear old or dirty cloths. ATVs are really cool machines, and I'm glad I did it. For families, I highly suggest this be father son trip. However as I said before, the way they book it, and get you there, all seemed a little shady. The second excursion we did was a short snorkeling excursion. We payed a few extra bucks to have Miguel (the guy on the beach who sold us the excursion) to go with us, as the boat driver did not speak English. They take you down the beach a few miles to a reef about half a mile off shore. The snorkeling is not half bad, but I've done better. The water is also a little choppy. The best part about this was that there were not other guests on the boat with us. This way, we could do just the amount of snorkeling we wanted, then leave with out having to wait for a bunch of other people. We saw some other snorkeling boats packed full of people, and I think being stuck on one of those boats would have been awful. To top it off, we were paying less than those people on the crowded boats. So my final suggestion is to book an ATV excursion through a big name group like Apple, and to do snorkeling through the guys on the beach. There were a lot of other excursions out there, but we had a hard time leaving the beautiful beach! I heard the out back safari was great. You ride around through different parts of Punta Cana, and you even see a Dominican school. We talked with a lot of people who really enjoyed it.OTHER GUESTSThere are very, very few Americans. But don't let that alarm you. There are a lot of Canadians, and you will meet plenty of people who speak English. There are even more people from Europe, Mostly French, English, and German. If you only speak English, I really don't think you are going to have much of a problem at all, however, knowing a second language will double the amount of people you can talk with.GOING HOMEGoing home is the absolute pits. There is nothing good about it. There is nothing worse than a 4 hour plane ride thinking about how cold you are going to be when you land. There are some important things you should know before you head to the airport. When your bus pulls up, the sky caps literally swarm around the bus and get your bags out, because they are all out there to make some tips. Once again, if you don't want help, just tell them you will take them your self, and you will be fine. You have to fill out a Dominican customs for before you go through security so be ready for that. Also, have your plane tickets and passport on you the whole time you are in the airport until your sitting on the plane. DO NOT put them away before you get on, because you will just have to get them back out. You have to show both at the gate, and at the stairs leading up to the plane. The airport is all open air, and there is even a patio you can go to and soak up the sun for one last time. Our USA 300 flight was great once again. Plenty of extra room. It really made the trip home a lot easier....i wish there was more i could put on here...i have website so i could do just that...its coreygibson.com if you would like to check it out  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ducksmy
<Content>This was Paradise!!!! We stayed at the Grand Palladium Sunday May 25th till Friday May 30.This place is awsome!!!!!!!!!!We had a junior suite Room 1434 It was beautiful! Had a jacuzzi, super king size bed, seperate sitting area. Very nice. The bed was comfy the room was clean and well stocked. They have a blow dryer, shampoo, bath gel,seperate shower, the works. The mini bar was well stocked and we left a note each day for what we wanted as we only drink Coke Light (diet).The resort was outstanding, everyone was extremly helpful and super nice. A big shout out to all the photographers. The food was great! Ate at all the buffets. Great and beautifully displayed.Please don't make a pig out of yourself. There is plenty.Drinks are stependous!!!!Beach is out of this world!!!!!!!!! Even the airport was great. Please brush up on your spanish. communication is possible but you will be less fustrated if you know a little.Also PLEASE remember to tip. They don't expect it but it does go a long ways to making there life better. We bought some butter while we were there.For one of the staples for the waiter we had grown to love, for a 6inch by 6inch block it was 8 US dollars and 300 pesos.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>summerrocks2
<Content>Great Resort but Beach Needs Help My husband and I stayed at the resort from 5/11-5/18. Overall our trip went pretty well-I found the previous reviews very helpful in making decisions for our trip, so I know this is long but I wanted to help others. I'll try to categorize my comments:Resort: the resort was beautiful. We stayed in the Romance Suite and we feel that it was well worth the money-very nice suite and the outdoor shower area was used everyday. The staff keep the rooms very clean and the grounds are very beautifully kept as well. Also this suite is the closest to the beach (it is not on the beach) and there is a lot of walking for those who do not stay in these suites. Also on epeice of advice BRING MOSQUITO REPELLENT-we did and that saved us from having bites-we saw many people with their lower legs covered in bug bites-the paths to the restaurants are narrow and surrounded by foliage so I guess this is where everyone is getting bit. Beach: this area needs help!-I read the reviews before we left and took the advice of bringing our own BEACH TOWELS and INSULATED MUGS for drinks. I was VERY GLAD we did!. We had to get up at 5:00 am to get a hut on the beach and by that time already half of them were reserved with towels. We only did that on the days we were going to spend the entire day on the beach (not taking excursions) so that others would get a chance. I noticed several huts that had towels reserving the hut but I did not see people in the hut until late in the afternoon-meanwhile people were looking for somewhere to sit. Bars: My husband and I were not happy to see that the pool bar and beach bars close early-we like to spend the entire day on the beach to feel like we have fully enjoyed vacation and we could not get drinks due to the bars being closed for the last 2 hours of sunlightFood:we tried several of the a la carte restaurants and ate at the buffet several times. We are from the Midwest so the food was very different from what we are used to but overall we could always find something we liked. One complaint my husband had was that there is no food on or near the beach- we have stayed at other resorts where they would have grilled items (shrimp, chicken, burgers) and fries available everyday for an afternoon snack on the beach. This would be fantastic-since the only place to get food is in a restaurant that is quite a distance and clothes are required to enter. We did not feel like losing time on the beach to get dressed to eat and then hike back to the beach so on our beach days we did not eat lunch. Excursions: We used the Apple Agent to book our excursions. We enjoyed the Zipline Tour and Outback Safari and would highly recommend these-We had Sammy on the Outback Safari and he was THE BEST! We also took the shopping tour. A word of advice-the agent told us that since it was 1/2 day tour that we could schedule that and the Zipline tour on the same day and we did. Their was a motherdaughter in our group on the shopping tour who held up the group twice for at least 15minutes past the scheduled leave time so my husband and I had to have our guide arrange for separate transportation back to our resort so that we would not miss the zip line tour. This made us angry because we had to miss the last stop of our shopping tour in order to get back in time. DO NOT SCHEDULE 2 TOURS BACK TO BACK. The last tour we took was the Santo Domingo Trip. This trip picks u up at 6:30am and we did not return until 7:30pm-it was a very long day, we were the first to be picked up and the last to be dropped off so we also visited many of the other resorts on the island(which got old), During this trip our guide seemed distracted and actually left my husband and I and 1 other tourist at the Hard Rock Cafe-we were the last 3 people in line paying for items and he decided that he would take the rest of the group and continue on without telling us-we had to ask an employee of the Hard Rock to help us find our group-they were at the cathedral and already half way through the tour there by the time we were able to catch up to them. We would not recommend going on this tour-it would be to your advantage to see if you could hire a guide for yourself to take you to see la romana and santo domingo-then you might actually see more and not wait on the group all of the time. ALSO we found that there were very few people who spoke English on our resort-we did not meet English speaking people until we were there for 2 full days. The staff know a little English so if you are not fluent in Spanish you might need an English to Spanish Pocket Guide. Most of the tourists are speaking French, German and Spanish. We did not mind this but it did take some getting used to!Spa: we had massages at the spa and they were fantastic-definitely worth the priceOVERALL-Great, fun trip-happy that we went!  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	5	5	

<Author>lilsicilian
<Content>wonderfully relaxing vacation       view of swim up pool bar  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fotogenik
<Content>Fantastic Read many reviews before we went and all were good, when we arrived there was no disappointment the resort is fantastic for us any way! The landscape gardens give much privacy for the size of this and the neighbouring hotels you hardly saw anyone.the food was great, the buffets catered for all tastes. we went to 3 Ala Carte restaurants again the food was good. The language is mainly Spanish and with what little we knew and a bit of sign language we managed. The pool areas again good although we stayed at the one in our resort and the beach takes your breath away crystal azure blue water and white soft sand, we took on board the comments on the sunbed situation and could not believe at 7am its like watching a trail of ants to and from the beach with towels, when we did go down to the beach for day all beds under the umbrellas where taken but we where happy with a palm tree and just moved round with the sun same round the pool, the funniest thing I saw was a guy at 1am putting his family towels on sun beds, if thats all you have to worry about on holiday get a life. We went to the Michael Jackson show in the theatre as recommended fantastic, and the train round the complex is fun too. All in all a great time was had and would go back tomorrow, I can highly recommend this hotel its a million times better than the sandals place we stayed last year and 拢2,300 cheaper!!!.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>wimpie_vd
<Content>10 years Wedding Anniversary at Punta Cana We went to celebrate our 10nd wedding anniversary and got a fruit basket and a bottle of rum (which my wife dropped on our return :-( ) Next to the hot tub were towels folded in shapes of animals ! And a few red flowers everyday ! Rooms were tidy, and so were the restaurants and everything else. Lots of different languages, some nosier than others. We only didn't know what reception was ours since there are several hotels on the resort. Upside is you could visit any of the restaurants and pools ! One bigger than the other but always nice buffet, with a different theme everyday : Mexican, Italian, Domincan, ... next to the usuals stuff. As expected the fruit was delicious ! And then the 脿 la carte restos. We did the spanish and the oriental and both were nice. The oriental even had chopsticks...Sunbeds at the pool was'n't a real problem... At the beach : only if you wanted some shades. Then you had to get up at 5.30 - 6.00 !!And if you see Henry at the reception of the Bavaro asking to make a photoshoot : say hi from Wim and Kathy from Belgium ! The photoshoot was almost 'professional' ! The only bad thing was we couldn't pay the pictures with visa and didn't bring a lot of cash with us. My wife also enjoyed the massage on the beach. Again there had to walk to the mainbuilding of the spa to pay with visa and was recalculated into pesos, so will pay more then expected since that has to be converted to euros again.At 1 pool there were more activities, but again: you could choose which pool, so didn't bother us.It was a nice experience with some smaller problems but as a whole, defenitely worth it !!  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>wantasunbed
<Content>Amazing holiday but sunbeds are a nightmare This was the first time I have travelled to the caribbean and I found this resort to be amazing! The food was great and the staff couldn't do enough for you. We absolutely loved our stay except for one major problem - SUNBEDS!!! We walked down the beach at 7.30 am and couldn't find any free sunbeds as they'd already been reserved with towels. This also applied to the the pool. We could only find sunbeds in the blazing sun but the sunbeds in the shade were often reserved with towels and then not used all day! Where were these people???? This was frustrating for everyone around the pool and when we finally did get sunbeds in the shade somebody actually removed our towels and bags to steal our shaded sunbeds while we were eating lunch beside the pool! Very annoying! For this reason we would not return to this resort. So unless you're ready to get up at 5am every day then you'll have the same problem finding sunbeds in the shade. This is the only problem we had with this resort, everything else was completely 5*.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>emeraldlee
<Content>Was OK but not good enough to get my return visit April 18-25thArrival-We arrived at the resort about 10pm and being the only ones on our flight arriving at this resort we were quickly checked in and taken to our room, the porter was very good at showing us were the mini bar  safe were and answering any questions we may of had.Room- It was very musty upon entering and seemed to be that way for most of the week as you had to remove the card when you left the room which turned off the air conditioning....I don't like it cold cold in the room but I like the air circulating which helps with the mustiness. We had two 3/4 beds, the one was ok but the other had springs sticking thru and very uncomfortable, the pillows were manageable, the sofa in the room was like sinking into a black hole. A very nice roomy bathroom  plenty of mirrors which you don't always find. I was disappointed by the lack of towel art  fresh flowers in the room and I did tip everyday. I started out with $3/day but after a couple of days dropped it down to $2 as other than the beds made  fresh towels nothing else was really done.....the bathroom vaniety I don't think was cleaned the whole time I was there and the floors were barely swept. After the first night and hubby drinking the 2 beers in the fridge we left $2 in an empty bottle in fridge and received 2 more but hubby was able to chase him down along the path and get a couple of more for another couple of dollars, 2 days later we left another $2 in fridge and they took the money but did not restock the fridge.Food- We ate at all the ala cartes except for the chinese, I would not of bothered returning to the Italian but the Dominican, Mexican  American were all worthy of another visit if we had of been there longer, there was only 1 night we had to wait for seating in the alacartes and ironically it was the Italian which we enjoyed the least. Hubby really enjoyed the grilled Lobster and is definately worth the few extra dollars. The buffets both at lunch, supper  breakfast provided enough variety that you never had to go hungry but admittably most of the meat seems to taste like fish and I don't know if its the way its prepared or if they use an oil maybe that has a fishy taste to it. Beach-Well you can experience these beautiful white sands if you are an extremely early riser...I woke one morning and was on the beach by 7am to play the towel game to get some loungers under a cabana and was out of luck. These people must go right from the disco to the beach to save their chairs...for me I am on vacation and having to get up before sunrise to save a chair on the beach is not worth it. One afternoon we were fortunate enough to get a couple of chairs back a little bit and could get enough shade by a couple of palms but this was the only day out of 7 days that we used the beach (and we are usually beach over pool people).Pools- There are plenty of pools and we were always able to find loungers, we could never find cabana's but we were always able to find some shade under the palms. The pools are kept sort of clean....first thing in the morning they are spotless but as the day progresses and flowers or leaf's fall into the pool they never seemed to be skimmed and removed (very unusual to other places we have been). The swim up bar staff certainly looked after us well and seemed to be the only staff anxious to do their jobs.Animation team- We didn't go to many nightly entertainment shows but what we did see certainly didn't leave a lasting impression....we much preferred to sit in the lobby bar and listen to the entertainment as it was much better than what we seen of the animation team, as well we did not find them overly active in the daytime and anxious to get people involved. Service- When in the Dominican do as the Dominican's do and take it all on slowwww time. If in a hurry for a drink don't sit and wait to be served. For the size of this resort they certainly do not believe in a large staff and when you only have 3 people working the floor why would you have 4 bartenders??? Of the 4 times we visited Hemmingways for an after dinner cocktail twice we got up and left due to the fact that we had no service...they had 2 waitress's, 1 for inside(which has about 10 tables) and 1 for outside (which has about 14 tables) and the one night we did get served of 4 orders she had 1 right LOL. The alaracartes as well have a relaxed service atmosphere but it was ok as we wanted to enjoy our meal and not feel rushed.Overall I would return to this resort if I got a steal of a deal but I think there is lots more resorts out there deserving of the dollars it cost us to visit this resort.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mommy3boys
<Content>Awesome Vacation!!!!! Sue from Nova Scotia, Cananda!!!!       Berautiful beach  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Brittanyy
<Content>Great Vacation *LOST CAMERA* This was our first trip to Punta Cana  it was an awesome vacation. The Grand Palladium Bavaro Resort was great. We stayed from March 20th to April 3rd Spring Break of 2008. The beach was paradise. Just warning everybody that there are a lot of topless women at the beach/pool. The food was good especially the seafood  japenese a la carte. One thing you should know is to get chairs early in the morning if you want a spot. The disco was awesome  a great way to meet new people. Everything was fine up until my last night when someone stole my camera.. it was horrible. If anyone knows anything about my lost camera please email surfer_babii@hotmail.com, it was a silver nikon coolpix camera  on the side it was a bit damaged from being dropped. All i want is the pictures! Other than that, the resort was very nice.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Lord_Melbury
<Content>Too many Germans ! What a fantastic resort just what we expected to get, great weather, top food, fantastic location and friendly staff.One massive problem which would prevent me from ever going back to this particular hotel is the one regarding sunbeds on the beach and by the pools.I like to get to the beach early on holiday about 7am, I could not believe that when we arrived at the beach at this time each morning all the sunbeds had been reserved with towels, books etc. however most of this people doing this did not come to the beach until well after lunch, but had got up at about 5am to reserve this beds.This practice thus left people hunting for sunbeds early in the mornings, particularly people with young children and families looking for some shade.I did complain to the management who said that they were aware of the problem but however could do nothing about it.i did offer them some solutions, one being perhaps locking up the sunbeds and allocating them in the mornings on a first come first basis, but was told that the staff would not be available, surprising in a country where the locals like to make a quick buck or two, good opportunity for tips.We sat most mornings and watched arguments break out regarding sunbeds, people resorting to removing peoples towels etc from the beds in frustration.I am afraid until the management try to resolve this situation I would advise that if you like the beach and want a stress free holiday that you stay well away from this hotel.YOU ONLY EVER GET THIS PROBLEM WHEN THERE ARE TOO MANY GERMANS !!!!!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GlobalGrl
<Content>Wedding Organized by Isyuney Peguero       View from Honeymoon Suite  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>nhcope
<Content>Best of the Best We were thereApril 2 thru April 16 and it was the best resort we had stayed in and we travel alot. All the good things that people write are all true.We were in room1033 which we loved as it was near the lobby pool and beachand a ground floor.The rooms are very private and quiet and a nice place to sit out.we had a junoir suite which is very roomy. We spent alot of time at the pool and walked the beach every day.You can walk for mileson white clean sand and the water is warm and that's a treat for us here in the northern part of the country. The bars and food along the beach are very safe and it was a change to go there and talk to the locals.The language is a little problem but we knew that when we booked we met wonderful folks from all over. We did 2 tours OUTBACK SAFARI and we loved it and Saona Island take it or leave it do not reccomend. The food is excellent and the wine and drinks great.There pizza is yummy and the steak house great. We are people that try all food and not fussy at all and it was above average. Once you go off the resort to the right there is a town and the shopping is great at the plazza .We are walkers so we walked every where. All in all this place was a place I would return to.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Bigfoot12
<Content>Grand Palladium, we'll be going back! My wife and I went to the Grand Palladium fo attend our nephews wedding and enjoy our first over seas trip.We arrived at 4:50 in the afternoon.The Bellboy had our bags to our room by the time we got there, this was good as the key card didn't work. He went back and fixed it up while I enjoyed one of the fine bottles of cold beer in our mini fridge.We changed clothes and met our friends and relatives at the closest buffet to our room. The food was good, different, but enjoyable. The food was good, but by the end of the week we were craving some good old Canadian grub.Most of the food from the giant buffets was very good. You have to pick and choose as they are providing food for people from all over the world and some of it is far from what we are used to.The waiters at all of the bars, restaurants, and buffets were very professional, polite, and efficient.Rooms, restaurants, pool areas, beach areas all very clean and the gardens well groomed.Our room maid service was very good, although sometimes they didn't make it until late in the afternoon. This was not a big deal as we were seldom there. We always had fresh towels and flowers nicely arranged on our jet tub.The TV's had a decent number of English channels for you to keep up with your world events or sports.Note: We were putting a small tip out for the maid each day but my delicious beer supply started to dry up. My nephew told me to put a dollar in the fridge. I did and the beer and pop supply was immediately replenished the following day.You will notice there is supervisors walking around behind the staff doing quality checks in the rooms and around the resort.Use the Train to get around this giant resort to at least get a feel of where things are, it is so large that by walking around and checking out the sights and taking pictures you will never see it all.We never had to stand in line to get into any venues or restaurants.Ensure the Men have long pants and sleeved shirts as they are very strict on the a la carte restaurants dress code.The staff at the pools are very good at getting the people to participate in the water aerobics, pool volleyball, and water polo.They will leave you alone if you tell them that you are not interested and just want to relax in the sun.Many people complain about the pool towel game on many of the reviews I've read. We didn't have a problem, we could always find a few lounging chairs available and space to slide them up to the pool.The staff for the most part could understand English pretty well, in some cases we had to break into our broken Spanish and always seemed to get our point across.I think we probably tipped too much, it seemed we were always popping a buck out to someone. Not sure if this gave us better service but they really appreciated it and as I mentioned earlier the service was great. I don't remember seeing too much tipping going on around us, but everyone seemed to be getting what they needed in a timely fashion.We didn't participate in any of the off resort tours as we were only there for a week and wanted to enjoy the beach and pools as much as possible.Our nephew got married, it was beautiful, well set up and organized. We got lots of good pictures of the wedding and some not so good. It seems when the photographer started taking pictures, some of the patrons wanted to be some how caught in the pictures as they walked by again and again in the background. It was actually quite comical.The bride and groom were very happy with the wedding planner and the way she bent over backwards to give them the wedding of their dreams.Way down the beach off the resort is the private little shops where you can barter for the good deals on some very nice gifts or some cheap junk. It was fun for a while and we did pick up some nice stuff, but after about an hour we were getting tired of the consistant coaxing of the shop owners for us to come into there shops.We will definitely come back to the Palladium as we now know it is a great place to stay and we would hate to have to settle for less.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sungirl18
<Content>Wonderful Holiday I decided to write this review partly due to some negative feedback regarding the resort even though it is was last year when we last visited Punta Cana.I would like to preface this with saying that we have been to the Grand Palladium Bavaro 5 times over the last 3 years, and we are planning to return to the Grand Palladium but to the Palace Royal Suites in a couple of weeks. We have been to 6 star resorts and been thoroughly disappointed, and we have been to other 5 star resorts and found them comparable.The Grand Palladium is without a doubt one of the nice resorts in Punta Cana. My husband and I have enjoyed Punta Cana over the past few years, and we invariably return to the Grand Palladium even after trying other resorts in the area.Punta Cana is one of the most beautiful beaches in the Carribean, and this is certainly the jewel in the crown of any resort. However this is what we have always enjoyed about the Grand Palladium.I think that in planning your trip you must examine what your expectations are. This is a 5 star resort in the Caribbean, it will be different from a 5 star hotel in your home country.Food: The food is VERY good. There is enough variety to accommodate all tastes, and the a la carte restaurants are wonderful. Our favorites are the Asian (Bamboo), as well as the Mexican and Spanish. The Buffets have such a wide variety each night and tie it in with a theme that it is a unique and enjoyable experience. Please keep in mind you are in a foreign country, the food is going to be different - no matter what, so if you are finicky at home, you may be challenged to enjoy the epicurean experience to its fullest. The local beer is Presidente (the colder the better) and Boheme. Remember this is their LOCAL beer, just as Corona is the domestic of Mexico. It will be different from what you are used to, but I would say it is better than some domestic beers in the U.S.Accommodations:The accommodations have always been very satisfactory. Over the trips we have stayed in the deluxe suite with the in-room jacuzzi tub, seperate toilet area and seperate shower area. On another occasion we had the Romantic Suite with a wonderfully large washroom, glass shower stall, jacuzzi, outdoor shower, 4 poster bed and sitting area. Over our trips, we have had beds that were more comfortable than others but we do not spend a lot of time on our room. Overall the rooms have always been very clean, and the cleaning staff always try to accomodate your requests. Which brings me to my next point.Language and Other Guests:The Grand Palladium is a European owned resort, thus there will always be a lot of Europeans there (especially Spanish). The staff are Dominicans their mother tongue is Spanish, some can speak a few words of English but please do not EXPECT them to be fluent in English. Remember you are a guest in their country, try to enjoy the experience of being in a foreign land to its fullest. If you are concerned about communication pick-up a Spanish / English dictionary and learn a few key words (Beer, Towels, Beach, More, Less). My Spanish is limited to only a few words, but I have never ever in all the times going to this resort been faced with a problem of communicating with the staff. They have always been very helpful, understanding and patient, and in the end they have figured out what I needed.As for other guests, may I reiterate, this is a European owned resort therefore there will be a high percentage of Europeans there, along with several Canadians, and some Americans. If you are concerned with getting a chair whether it be at the beach, or the pool, then yes, you have to get up early. It is not some conspiracy for people to scoop as many chairs as possible at 6:00 am, remember Europeans are faced with anywhere between a 5 - 7 hour time difference. When it is 6am in Punta Cana, it is afternoon there. My husband and I love the mornings, and enjoy getting up early (7:00 am which is 6:00am back home), sitting in the first sun of the day, before anyone else is up. Strolling off for breakfast leaving our towels on the lounge chairs which we have been sitting on for the last 1 1/2 hrs. Please keep in mind it is one of the largest resort complexes in Punta Cana, so there will be a lot of people, no matter what. Hotel - Overall:The Grounds are beautiful ,and the maintenance staff is always working on them. There is a lot to do depending on the type of holiday you want. The lobby bars are all wonderful, try to enjoy each one, and there is a piano bar just for something different. The food is excellent, and we have never been ill in all the times that we have been going there. The Dominican Republic is a beautiful country, try to see as much of it as possible if you like excursions, and the Dominicans are very nice people.Please remember to keep in mind what your expectations are for a holiday, be open minded and remember it is going to very different from home, you are in a foreign country enjoy it for everything that it is. The whole experience meets our 5 star standards for a Carribbean resort and then some. We love it there. I will write my review of the Palace upon my return.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MaryJane
<Content>Great Resort! We stayed at the Grand Palladium for one week March 27th to April 3rd. Two females -without husbands this time round and had great fun, not because of no husbands but if you've ever been away with just the girls you know what I mean. I don鈥檛 want to repeat everything that other posters are saying about the beach (beautiful) and grounds (clean  neat) so I鈥檒l just hit on some of our highlights.Check in was quick - but then we arrived at midnight and there was only one other couple also checking in. We were taken to our room by the bellhop, who then waited for us so we could go back with him the 24 hours sports bar. Just had to have that first drink. For us the Sports bar held no appeal 鈥?but for teenagers it seemed to hold more, a meeting place of sorts for them.After our visit to the Sports Bar we took the trolley/train back to our room and since we really did not know where to get off we asked the driver to let us know. Well he forgot, no big deal we got to go around again and got off the second time round. We then took a short walk around the area  pool we were near and noticed people swimming and decided to join them. When leaving the room Debby said to me do you have the room key, yes, yes, yes I said. So off swimming we went 鈥?a short while later around 2:30 pm most of the resort lights go off (porches and some of the walk way lights) but you could still see to get back to your room. Upon return to our room I realized I had taken the towel card and not the room key 鈥?so hence a nice walk in the semi darkness in our bathing suits to the Bavero lobby and thank goodness a ride back with the bellhop. So if you do go somewhere prior to using your towel card for an actual towel make sure you take the card with the magnetic strip on the back because they do look very similar J I did not find it difficult to get around the resort at all, nor did I find it that much walking; I oriented myself to the ocean, lobby and the placement of each section (Bavero, Punta Cana, Palace  Royal Suites). Nothing seemed very far away, to me anyway, but then that was also because of where our room was, almost smack in the middle of entire resort, room 7202. Over the next week we did help a couple of people find their room/the beach/reception/restaurant 鈥?one lady it was two in the morning and she was wondering around carrying her shoes as her feet were sore, she just could not find her room and was headed in the totally wrong direction, so we took her to her room.Great room; two double beds, jacuzzi tub in room, separate toilet and shower stalls with the sink also in the main area. For us this worked out great, not one complaint about our room or mini bar, which by the way was filled every other day 鈥?but we never ran out of anything. Also in the room was; coffee pot, hair dryer, iron and ironing board.One thing I read often in the reviews is that there is nowhere to get anything to eat between 3  7 pm, this is not so. In the Punta Cana section the restaurant nearest the beach (sorry forget the name) serve what they call snack items that you order off a menu between 3  5 pm each and every day. Then you can hit the sports bar if you鈥檙e later than that, which also serves many food items.Bars, bars  more bars, they are everywhere. By the time it takes you to drink your drink you are at the next bar to get a refill. Same with restaurants, we ate at each sections (except Royal) buffet, while they are all serving the same food; presentation, setup and staff are different and made for a nice experience, change of pace so to speak. For a la carts we tried the Italian, Oriental  Steak House and very much enjoyed them all.We attended the evening entertainment each evening starting at 10 pm at the Bavero amphitheatre and enjoyed all of them. Really don鈥檛 know what all the rave is about the Michael Jackson show, ya it was nice but nothing really special - to us anyway. The only thing we found with the amphitheatre was the sound quality 鈥?found it hard to hear what they were saying.We walked forever down the beach to the right and took a cab back 鈥?then the next day we walked to the left of resort for quite some time. There are beach vendors both ways so it鈥檚 always helpful to take a few dollars with you 鈥?for souvenirs, drinks or cab fare.We did two tours; tandem parasailing which was great, cost $85 total and a snorkeling trip for $59 each. Our snorkeling trip was just that only snorkeling, no booze, loud music or dancing, it鈥檚 on a small catamaran that accommodates only 14 people. Motor out to snorkeling site then sail back, very relaxing, just ask for Lorenzo鈥檚 snorkeling trip. We booked our tours with the Air Transat rep.Spent an afternoon at Steve鈥檚 Corner Bar and meet up with many people from Trip Advisor. Steve鈥檚 now has a set meeting day, which is every Wednesday afternoon, go it鈥檚 fun to meet people who have been on trip advisor and from all around the world.We would go back to this resort and are already trying to talk our husbands into it for next year. If you have any questions I would be happy to answer them, please send me an email at mjdrury@vianet.ca and put Palladium or Bavero in the subject line so I don鈥檛 delete it as junk mail. I haven鈥檛 traveled extensively but I鈥檝e gotten around and I would rate this resort at the top of my list; we lacked for nothing and it was half the price of the Sandals resort we went to in St Lucia, who by the way ran out of things all the time.Mary Jane  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>marvIllinois
<Content>beautiful resort! The grounds were beautiful, and the rooms were immaculate! We had requested adjoining rooms for our 2 teenaged boys in advance. When we arrived, we had been put in 2 separate buildings next to each other. We didn't make a big deal about it, and went to lunch to wait for our rooms. Upon our return to the desk, Ramone told us that he had upgraded us to 2 junior suites at no extra charge so that we could be next to each other! He did this on his own, with no requests from us! Throughout our stay, every time we went ot the desk, he immediately helped us, he was wonderful! The staff at the bars and restaurants were very friendly and helpful. The liquor at the bars was not very good, though. Hemmingways is supposed to have top shelf, but it doesn't really. The buffets were good, the specialty restaurants were very good. You don't need reservations for them anymore, which is nice. I didn't like the hours the buffets were open. No food available from 3-7pm except at the sports bar which is just burger, pizza and hotdogs. The grounds and beach were perfect, but everything is too far apart, too much walking to get even to the bathrooms from the beach. There is not enough for teenagers to do at night. The sports center was great with soccer and basketball, but closes at dark. The sports bar has only 1 pool table. We had to get to the pool or beach at 6:30 am to get a chair every day. I did not like having to set my alarm that early every morning on vacation! The reosrt says that they take credit cards, but it's a huge hassle and takes forever. The gift shops won't take a credit cards unless you spend $50. When you do use cash, they don't have change! Overall, is is a great place to stay. We stayed at the Palladium in Riviera Maya last year and fond the staff to be rude and the food not very good. This one was much better!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelslow
<Content>Nice Place to stay Stayed for a week in march. Weather and beaches were awesome. Food was different for an american but generally very good. We ate at the al-carte places for the beginning of the week but ended up at the buffetts toward the end where there was a plethora of choices. You will not go hungry here. The only bad thing about the intake was the quality of the liquor. Absolutely the bottom of the barell. Something called classic brand. Yuck. I suppose the local rum was OK but I do not drink rum. Look, if you go on vacation you get to have a good drink right? enough siad.The rooms were wonderful. clean and well kept though the bed was a bit hard for my tastes. Staff was very friendly and accomodating, always helpful. In general, we had a pretty good time.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	2	

<Author>IceBerg
<Content>Had a wonderful visit however We stayed here back in 2005 and returned this year. The resort is as Great as ever however I preferred the a la carte meal system that they use to have. No waiting that way. The major fault was that to obtain a lounge on the beach or the pool you had to save it by 6:30 A.M. our you may be out of luck. I don't mind getting up to see the sun rise at that time but not every day. I do suggest that you take your own thermal cooler mugs as most Canadians do, to cut back on the pollution problem of plastic cups the pool and beach bars use.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ElaineandBill
<Content>Dont Understand the negative reviews at ALL!!!! I have been anxious to write this review since the first day I walked onto the Bavaro property. From check in to check out 7 days later we experienced nothing less than relaxation, friendliness from staff and beauty beyond imagination. I am an intermediate traveler and done so mostly throughou the carribean. I have seen it good and seen it bad but keep going back. This was our first time to Punta Cana and read alot of reviews on TA. Some of which left me nervous about what to expect. I must say, one day I was laying on the long stretch of pristine white beach under the chrystal blue sky and said out loud  What were alla those bad reviews about?!!A couple weeks prior to check in I emailed the hotel telling them this vacation was a second honeymoon and asked if I could have a price for an upgrade to make it special for my husband. At check in we dealt with Ramone. Ramone is the nicest, most respectful young man. He was a pleasure to meet after a long day of traveling. He told me he couldn't upgrade us because they were sold out but he had something very special for us. Quick and fast off to our room. On the door was a sign that said just married and a bottle of champagne and a basket of fresh fruit. What a nice suprise!! But mostly, We didint get a room upgrade but we did get one of only 4 villas on the beach!! Very excited.The staff were the nicest and most accomodating people I have ever met. I never had a problem with language and they really do apprciate it when you try. They try to teach you key words. For me it was mucho vodka por favor. The room was small but sufficient for our needs. And SPOTLESS clean. They do need a little upgrading but it was not enough for me to be bothered by it. I wish my own room at home was that clean. It is a massive property and you do alot of walking which is okay because you do alot of eating and the walking helps. I only gained 5 pounds instead of my vacation 10. This property is the most beautiful I have ever seen. It is also the most well maintained. Staff are constantly cleaning and pruning and fixing up plant beds. I can go on forever just on the property alone. Go to this hotel for the beach and the beauty alone and you will have spent your money very wisely. The food was good to very good. You can always find something good to eat and if all else fails there is a pasta bar. The buffet is where we ate at most often with the beach bar being our lunch spot. I thiught from the reviews that the beach bar was just that but it is not. It is a nice buffet place right on the beach. And yes, you need a bathingsuit cover up and shoes to go in.There is a casino at the palace that we went to several time to play black jack. It is very small but kept me entertained in the evenings. This would be one of the only cautions I would offer to you. Watch the dealers. They are very quick at clearing th cards that the dealer has drawn and more than a couple of times she didn't add them right which alters athe dynamics of the game. I lost money because of this but also got paid out becaue of this. I could go on and on about this wonderful property. I found nothing negative about it and would go back again and again. I strongly encourage anyone who wants to spemd their hard earned money on a vacation to consider this one. The only other issue we had beside the casino was some of the other guests. Some people just cant be satisfied and are rude. I met more people that I wanted to ask if their mommas had taught them any manners at all. These were adults treating staff and other vacationers that they were beneath them and it was appauling. Other than that....Can;t wait to go back and WILL book here again and again and again.....  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>luvmypuppy
<Content>Loved it. Overall consensus 鈥?all of our THUMBS WAY UP! We loved it and our trip was awesome and perfect. There was 3 of us 鈥?female, single, mid-thirties, from Calgary/AB 鈥?GP Bavaro for one week Feb 19-28. HOTEL AND ITS FACILITIES:What a beautiful property! So impeccably maintained and incredibly clean!!! It is true that it is big but it鈥檚 not like you鈥檙e hiking around like some folks say. Get a map and do use the train 鈥?it鈥檚 quite convenient and quite fun. Beach is awesome. Water is amazing and blue. Deck chair problems 鈥?I suppose so 鈥?so all we did was lay our towels down on the soft sand and enjoy Paradise from there. Seats do eventually open up if you really want one.There are several pools and they are gorgeous 鈥?but we stuck to the beach. There seemed to be rowdy fun games at the Bavaro pool in the mid/late afternoon. Lots of people partaking and having fun.We really loved the food. So much variety. Awesome pastas every day in the main buffets 鈥?fave was a cream pasta with salmon! Went to 3 a la cartes 鈥?Italian Mare Nostrum 6/10 rating and had to wait 2 hours to be seated (on a do-over, I鈥檇 skip this one), Dominican La Uva 7.5/10, and Mexican Mariachi Cantina (I think) and loved it 10/10.NB 鈥?full breakfast is only until 10am 鈥?we had trouble making it - not because we were hungover 鈥?but because we had a 2 hour time difference that meant that breakfast ended at 8am for us MST people (too early for us for vacation). We didn鈥檛 go but I think La Uva in the Palace section serves a continental bfast until 11. Other than the Sports Bar mentioned below, the next full buffet to open in Bavaro section is Arrefice at noon for lunch food but we had 鈥渂reakfast鈥?there often. Do find the sports bar quickly 鈥?it鈥檚 the only place where they serve food (and booze) 24/7 so it鈥檚 good for emergencies. Hotdogs, popcorn, tortilla chips, burgers, grilled cheese sandwiches, soft serve icecream. Basics 鈥?no frills but it will get you though tough spots. ( ;The doctor is right next to the Sports Bar in case you need and, from a friend we met, he does speak excellent English 鈥?but hopefully you won鈥檛 need to meet him. On that note, make sure you bring your travel insurance info with you 鈥?policy number and phone number.Hemmingways is the only place that serves premium liquor if you care. The Bavaro Lobby bar is a bit of a snooze fest which is too bad as it鈥檚 a nice spot 鈥?really sleepy live music. Disco on the resort does get pretty hopping 鈥?we closed it a few times and then went over to the Sports Bar for snacks. Lobby Bar in the other section (Palace? Next to the casino.) was dead one night and busier another 鈥?so you can bar-hop a bit on the resort using the train. Room 鈥?it was just fine (junior suite with the Jacuzzi tub in the bathroom). Pullout bed not so great but I managed! You have to ask for bedding for it. Some of the plugs in the room are kind of recessed so not all of your plugs will fit in (ie one of those odd shaped cell phone charger plugs) so maybe bring an extension cord that has a totally standard 2 prong plug on it. Also maybe bring your IPOD speakers as there is no music channel in the room 鈥?we like to listen to some tunes when we are getting ready to go out but we had to make do with CNN live instead. Maid and minibar were very good.With very high compliments from us to the people of this country, we found all of the staff friendly and genuine (although we do speak Spanish). Some of the fellows do like to catcall as you walk by but take it as part of their hot-blooded Caribbean charm. We should take a lesson and be more generous with our compliments to eachother here in North America. ( ;THE CROWD:Planning regular trips for three single women, I search high and low for info on 鈥淭he Crowd鈥?and sometimes have trouble finding any. I wouldn鈥檛 say that the crowd was really 鈥渙lder鈥?(us being mid-thirties) but it was couply and, guest-wise, it wasn鈥檛 the friendliest resort we鈥檝e been to (maybe we could have tried harder to bring them out of their shells???). I found many people to be really 鈥渃losed鈥?鈥?lots of nationalities and therefore lots of language barriers so I鈥檓 not sure if that鈥檚 the reason but it鈥檚 too bad. We were looking forward to meeting lots of people from lots of places but it didn鈥檛 happen. We did still meet lots of great people 鈥?but we met almost all of them at the Air Transat Meet and Greet on our fist day 鈥?so they were all Canucks and younger than us by 8 to 15 years. (that鈥檚 not to say that there were lots of people in the 20 to 28 age group 鈥?it just happened to be who we met 鈥?this is not a young resort.) We still had lots of fun.For those of you that want a rating on the likelihood of striking up a romance here 鈥?it could happen (it could happen anywhere, afterall) but it鈥檚 probably not a good bet. It鈥檚 not really a singles scene 鈥?as I mentioned before, it was pretty couply.They also seem to let kids into the disco. Maybe I鈥檓 getting really old but they seemed way too young to be in there ordering alcoholic drinks. Although, I gotta admit that if I had been 15 years old or so, I would have loved that the disco let me in!!! OFF SITE EXCURSIONS:We went to Steve鈥檚 Corner Bar one afternoon but nobody was there (we forgot that not everyone was on vacation like us!!). It was a 15 minute walk from GP Bavaro lobby and is in Plaza Bavaro. We did not make it to any other offsite party destinations but Mangu is next door at Occidental if you鈥檙e interested. We went on the Reef Explorer 陆 day trip. It is not super exciting or anything super fantastic but it was one of our best afternoons 鈥?so relaxing and just a nice experience. They take you out on a boat to a big floating deck. The sting rays and sharks are in big pens (I asked about whether it was humane and the Air Transat rep said she had looked into it and says it ranks well in international standards). You snorkel around the pens with the rays and sharks. Then you can have an encounter with the rays where they swim all over you 鈥?literally. They also have little ladies that do 15 minute massages. More snorkeling around the deck area 鈥?there is some coral and some fish but not much. And they have floating mats that you can just take out and hang on the water. FYI - no liquor and no smoking. Again 鈥?not a super exciting afternoon but one that we did greatly enjoy. (There is another one that is a booze cruise of sorts and you stop for an hour or so at the sharks and rays and then get back on your catamaran and sail away. Those people looked like they had fun too.)Tried to parasail 鈥?mixed experience. Despite my personal experience, I do think give it a try if the weather is nice! It does look fun - $35 per person and you go in pairs. If the weather is not nice, buyer BEWARE (our weather was not nice). I thought we were going to die on the water taxi ride out to the parasail boat 鈥?there was eight of us plus the water taxi driver and only two of us were at the front of the boat and the other 7 at the very back of the boat so the nose of the boat was practically pointing straight up! He was also zooming at the speed of sound and the water was rough 鈥?I flew up and off the bench seat a few times by about a foot and a half before I yelled at him in a panic to slow down. When we got to the parasail boat, you have to transfer from the water taxi to the parasail boat 鈥?not so easy in choppy water. Then, a bit later, the Captain of the parasail boat took a wave sideways and I thought we were going to capsize. There were a few more white knuckle moments on the parasail boat and then myself and my sister made the decision to abandon ship on the next water taxi that stopped by 鈥?without even parasailing! Now we鈥檙e not boaters by any stretch of the imagination and about ten other people stayed on the parasail boat with no injuries or fatalities to report upon their return, but it came down to us not feeling safe so we did what was best for us. When we got back to shore, we immediately went for a strong drink!! Two of our friends did stay on and did enjoy the parasail portion 鈥?but they were gone for about 3 hours in total as the Captain had to sail farther and farther out to the sea to avoid the brooding storm clouds!! (Is that even safe??? Being up in the air in a big floating umbrella with a storm looming??). By the time our friends actually did their parasailing, I don鈥檛 think they could even see land 鈥?I would think that flying above the beach would have been the whole point of it. Oh well 鈥?they enjoyed it 鈥?OH I almost forgot that there was lots of puking from seasickness (thank goodness my sister and I bailed before that!). Ha Ha!ONE BAD THING 鈥︹€?. One last thing 鈥?it didn鈥檛 happen to us but we saw it go down twice at checkout. They have in-room movies and Nintendo games and I think maybe their system is faulty. Two sets of people said they were charged even though they didn鈥檛 use it. One was handled by the Air Transat lady but the second one got out of hand. He was a huge big tall loud 60 year old Canadian fellow and he was really pissed off 鈥?it was only $22 but it was the principal behind it for him 鈥?he did not use the Nintendo and therefore he was not going to pay for it. Now, the Canadian guy could have handled himself a little better too, but I was struck by the bad behavior of the guy that I think was the front desk manager (but I鈥檓 not sure). While I don鈥檛 think any staff should ever have to take abuse from a client or customer (the Canadian guy was swearing a bit but he didn鈥檛 cross any major line), I think a person in a front desk manager kind of role has to have a super-diplomatic way about him and this guy sooo did not. I also think a person in this type and level of role at an international resort should speak English (which he did not) 鈥?and German and Italian etc鈥? because they are going to have to handle issues and problems that arise. He actually turned his back on the Canadian guy and just walked away saying that he was going to call the police and that the Canadian guy couldn鈥檛 get on the airport shuttle. I am sure that Palladium Resorts will get an earful from the Canadian guy and I may also send a comment myself. Sooooooo, point behind this long story is to watch out for yourselves and maybe even ask when you check in if they can deactivate the Nintendo and the movies (??). And if something like this happens to you, maybe this is a better way to handle things: do argue your side a bit, pay the bill if they will not back down, take down names of the staff involved and their positions, take a copy of your bill, maybe even get the names of witnesses that saw how you were treated, and then complain to the parent company when you get home. As much as I don鈥檛 agree with how the front desk guy treated the guest, in his defense I can offer that I am sure he was truly just trying to do his job and trying to follow how he has interpreted the policies and procedures that have been handed down to him by his boss from his boss from his boss. Going to the parent company would be a better way to do things and then let them handle their staff.Anyhoo 鈥?you鈥檒l have a great time!!!!!!! Wear sunscreen!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>tmccoy
<Content>Nice but extremely large resort Recenly stayed at the Grand Palladium Bavaro Resort Feb 20-25. Had a very nice time at an above average resort, but just wanted to pass along some comparison information. This was our third visit to Punta Cana and in the past we stayed at the Iberostar Bavaro, but decided we wanted to try a different resort for a little difference in the experience this time.RESORT: The Grand Palladium is a lovely resort with cabana style accommodations, each with 8 units, each with a tiny balcony. The grounds are very manicured, plenty of staff constantly grooming and pruning. We appreciate and prefer overly large resorts that tend to offer more amenities than smaller resorts. However, this resort was so large it offered a tram service. We actually like to do quite a bit of walking since we tend to overindulge with alcohol and meals while on vacation. I believe the problem with this resorts layout is that the property has more depth than width at the beach. It seemed long and narrow. For example: if you were at the beach and missed lunch, decided you needed a snack before dinner, you would have to go the Sports Bar which is at the extreme back of the property (as far from the beach as you can get). Round trip walk would take you at least 20-25min. It was also very easy to get turned around/lost on this property. For example: one afternoon a lady stopped me, I believe she was Dutch, no English, but she was very visibly lost and nearly in tears. All walkways painted, slick when rains or irrigation on. STAFF: Check-in was great, very nice, reworked our rooms to get us near our traveling companions. Upgraded our rooms to accomplish this. $20 tip came as a complete surprise to concierge. Got the feeling he was very unaccustomed to tips. Entire check-in process was 15 min. Our luggage was taken to our rooms immediately, very pleasant and friendly bell-hop.We met a few very friendly staff members, however, for the most part many did not smile or greet you in passing. Most waitresses do not speak English. Our Spanish is basic to communicate needs, but we even had difficulty communicating a lot of our needs which has never happened during our travels. Housekeeping only replenished water and beer upon specific request, and only the one time. We have always left $3 tip/gift each day, but not sure necessary here. First day, housekeeping cleaned at 8am during our breakfast so we were unable to tip, day two we left tip with note for bottled water/beer, received it, but days thereafter, left tip but no water/beer. ??? Traveling companions were left multiple bottled water/beer without any request and $1 tip. Bottled water is necessary because bathroom is posted to not consume faucet water. Overall, housekeeping kept a very tidy room. FOOD: (Dinner) We were very pleased with the various dinner options (buffet was extremely large with different themes each night and several speciality restaurants that are not limited to number of visits, simply put your name on the wait list and receive a buzzer for when your table is ready - wait was always less than 30 min and you're able to wait in one of the nearby lounges; (Snacks) 24 hr sports bar with pizza, sandwiches, beer, and snacks; (Breakfast) breakfast restaurant is buffett but offers several cooking stations for fresh omelettes, eggs, etc.; (Lunch/Beach) Lunch was served at the pool restaurant (did not personally try) beach had several bars with beer and simple soda/liquor options, bars at the pools had a full variety, beach has grill each day with hotdogs, burgers, chicken, chops (this is where we ate lunch).BEACH/POOL: Beach was as beautiful as always, lots of shade and palapas available. We usually picked our spot by 7am, by 7:30 palapas were gone and shade is necessary for my husband. If you waited until 10am to come out to look for a spot, even the chairs where nearly impossible to find. Beach was very crowded. Some areas without palapas were almost exact rows and rows of chairs. Best advice would be to bring a few inexpensive beach towels to mark your chairs so they do not look like the other hundreds of chairs on the beach with only the provided blue beach towels. Beach vendors are a constant each day. If your not interested just avoid eye contact or simply say NO. Most just move on. Beach vendors are also set-up down the right of the beach approx 10-15 walk. PAY ONLY 25% OF BEGINNING QUOTE! One pool not adjacent to the beach. This is where lunch is served. Was inconvenient, that's why we never ate lunch in the restaurant. SHOPPING: Gift shops have a nice selection with reasonable prices. However, I would suggest you remember to pack your own Immodium, Pepto, Ibuprofen, anti-nausea, neosporin, etc. Cost for Immodium/Ibuprofen was $1 each pill. The resort also sets up a shopping trip to a nearby mall, but we didn't participate. Several guests stated that it was OK.ELECTRICAL: Rooms are provided with iron/board, hairdryer, fridge, cable TV with several english channels. NO alarm clocks. Plug outlets fit our electrical appliances, however plugs with the grounding prong will not fit and their outlets are round and recessed. This makes it difficult to plug in appliances that have large square plugs. We had difficulty plugging in the re-chargeable batteries and phone and Ipod chargers. Luckily, I bought a set of outlet adapters at Target ($10) just in case, it had one adapter in the set that fit perfectly. ENTERTAINMENT: Sports Bar OK, nice for 24 hr snack/beer, nice ampitheather for evening shows, Disco next door very popular with lots of people and good music. Nice roomy open-air lounge in the lobby with live music. IN COMPARISON: We preferred the Iberostar Bavaro. The resorts are very similar in style with cabana-style accommodations, but Iberostar has large balcony with built-in bench seating, Bathrooms similiar, but Palladium a little larger. Housekeeping similar, but Iberostar keeps fridge stocked without requesting. Check-in/Check-out similar. Iberostar offers a private room/bath to use for guest with late departure flights. You're able to check-out of your room, they will store your belongings while you use the beach and provide you with a room/bath to clean up for your flight home. Staff at Iberostar much friendlier and accommodating, much more bilingual, bartenders and servers much more attentive and tried to anticipate your needs. Often provided you with another beverage when you were getting low without the request. Hard to describe difference but was very distinguishable by day two. A tip at Iberostar definitely made a difference. We almost felt it was unnecessary at Palladium, actually noted that most people here did not tip. Preferred dining options/food at Palladium, preferred open-air breakfast at Iberostar. Preferred beach at Iberostar, not nearly as crowded, many more palapas available, pool conveniently adjacent to the beach. Entertainment at Palladium with ampitheatre was very nice, disco also better.Overall, the Palladium is a very nice resort, I guess our biggest complaint was difficulty finding our way around the resort. It was overly large with confusing layout  signage.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>jfgoodtimes
<Content>Fantastic food!! Me and my boyfriend stayed at this resort from March 6- March 13. We arrived at about 8 pm. Our first thought was WOW. The entrance way was spectacular and the lounge/reception area and bar were great to look at, very clean and alot going on. Now ill explain things in more organized matter.Food- The food was amazing, but once again everyone is different and one might like the food, while another may not. Me and my boyfriend found no problems with any of it, it was all great. The theme nights were great, American night was one of my favs. There is always something to chose from, we ate at the buffets our whole trip, never at any of the other restaurants. Neither of us experienced any stomach problems but im sure thats because we never over indulged on meat, or much of one thing.Beach- AMAZING. Honestly thats all I have to say to sum it up. You can walk for miles and miles. The sand is wonderful and the palm trees make it even more spectacular. Nothing bad to say hear.Grounds/ Landscaping- Beautiful. The trees, shrubs, flowers are all great, very well maintained. The walkways and buildings are very nice, painted weekly if there are any fadings or anything like that. They were always painting or working on something while we were there.Rooms- I was not impressed with our room. We had requested one bed, they had given us 2 double beds. The room itself was huge but having just one, big bed would have been great, espcially since the bed we had was very small for 2 people. We were on the ground floor so there was bugs in it from time to time. Nothing in the beds though, just crawling around on the floor, which creeped me out kind of but it wasnt going to ruin my trip. Our tv didnt work the first night so we called front desk and they sent someone over to fix it, they were very quick to do so. Do not tip the maids! Well, we tipped the first night and though if we tipped they would throw in a little something extra, nope! We came back the next night and our beds were not even made and the garbage wasnt taken out, I wasnt impressed with that.Activities- there was always something going on around the pool and the beach. There was never a lack of activities going on, there was always something to do. They had al sorts of competitions to do, water polo, aquasize, games for kids, dancing, everything. Pool area- Very impressed, it was always very clean. Lots of trees and flowers around this area, makes it nice to hang out. Pool bar was great, sometimes the service was a little slow there but it was always very busy. There was chairs available for the most part. We found two right away almost everytime we were around the pool.Saona Island was amazing, I highly reccomend this excursion! The catemeran was so much fun, full of rum and coke, with a little mixture of dancing! But be careful, it's extremely easy to burn without knowing it while on the boats!All in all, I had a good time, and the resort was great.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>LorLinJuliChante
<Content>Absolutely Loved Grand Palladium Bavaro Punta Cana - Grand Palladium Bavaro - Absolutley Wonderful!Feb. 2 - Feb 9, 2008We were four girls that travelled to Punta Cana - Grand Palladium Bavaro Resort and we all absolutley loved it! Everything went very smoothly from check-in to check-out. We were up-graded to junior suites and they were beautiful. Very clean and well maintained. The food was great in every restaurant we ate in. We ate in the Mexican, the Spainish and the International, and of course the buffet @ La Catradal. The pools and the beach were to die for! The only complaint is the lack of chairs around the pool. Unless you were up at and down at the pool for 7 am you didn't have a chance to get one chair let alone four. Even though most chairs only had towels on them - I thought that to be rude and inconsiderate of the people that did that!!Two of us did the safari excursion and two of us did the reef explorer excursion. The were awesome!All in all it was a wonderful trip and I would highly recommend this resort.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bagaras
<Content>Perfect! After reading all the reviews we decided on this resort. What can I say everything was abosolutely perfect. We were checked in within minutes. We asked for a 2nd floor near the beach and that's what we got. The room was huge, beautiful and clean. The food was excellent, of course not everything was perfect but every restaurant had its own character and tastes. Remember its an all inclusive in Dominican republic. We ate at a la carte every night. We ate at every one (6), Asian, Spanish, Dominican, Mexican, Italian and Seafood. We loved them all except for the seafood one. The dominican was my favorite. You do not have to reserve the a la carte anymore. They were generous with the alcohol. The breakfast buffets were super, they had a variety of 10 different fresh juices such as watermelon, papaya, melon etc. A nice assorment of healthy food. Even served champagne at breakfast on a few mornings. They also had someone making crepes, waffles, pancakes and eggs. Lunches at the buffet were also great. The nice part about this resort is that there are 3 hotels so you have many bars, areas and restaurants to choose from. Yes the grounds are big but very easy to get around and at least you have different places to explore. The staff was friendly always asking if you need another drink. I think there are 4 different pools, all beautiful and large with swim up bars. The casino was nice, many slot machines but only 5 cent and I think 25 cent machines. The slots are open from 10am and the blackjack tables are open at night. I used the gym once, its very modern and empty I'm sure since its so beautiful outside with enough activities to do. There is a spa and we had some treatments there, they seem to know what they are doing, we enjoyed our massages. The beach as you heard is breathtaking and you do have to reserve your chair with a towel but I think that was the only annoyance there was the whole trip and it really wasn't a big deal. We felt safe at all times leaving our stuff behind for hours not worrying about it. The most surprising thing is that we thought we'd be around so many people but opposite was true, it was so quiet and peaceful. I think this is due to how the grounds are laid out, very spacious. There are some shops that are quite fun, we bought gifts and thought the prices were reasonable. The internet was also worth it $5 for 30 min or $8 for an hour, the only problem is that you have to usually wait so bring a book. The nicest resort of the 3 was the bavaro, seemed to be the most modern of the villas.We all had a wonderful time and really had nothing to complain about. At a cost of $35 we were able to stay in the room until 4pm. Also they will come pick up your luggage at your room in a moments notice. I highly recommend this resort.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bonbon1010
<Content>Beautiful resort My boyfriend and I stayed at the Bavaro March 3-10. We really liked the resort. Check-in very fast, as was checking out. We had to wait for a room but not too long...long enough for a walk to the beach!! We couldn't wait to see it !!The room was nice, very clean. We had a deluxe room with the jacuzzi in the room. The shower was quite small. The fridge was filled everyday. The grounds are beautiful. Very well maintained. Lots of flowers.The beach is nice but have to agree with others...the saving of the loungers can get anoying. Some people were very rude and got anoyed if you got to close to their space. But being from Indiana and use to Lake Michigan we just put our towels down on the sand and layed there. The pools are amazing. Very big and clean. Again you have to find a free lounger. Seemed easier in the afternoon. The swim up bars were good. Bartenders very friendly. I thought the food was great. The only thing we didn't like was breakfast. Not much variety and the eggs were so greasy!!! We tried 2 of the alacarts. The mexican was good but service slow, the Itallian very good. You do need to go early or the wait is long. We waited for the Ittalian for an hour. Wasn't a problem though because theres a bar at every corner!!! They give you a buzzer to tell you when to come back. It would of been better if they had more restraunts open longer hours. The sports bar has snacks but nothing great. If you miss lunch its a long wait till dinner!!! Other resorts we have stayed in had more snacks set up all over the resort. this one only has the sports bar. The resort is very large. Lots of walking. Maybe it was just us but the map was very confusing. The way they numbered the villas was weird. We were trying to find some friends we met and it took for ever!!!We were dissapointed with the snorkling. We went with the dive shop one afternoon but it was so rough it was nearly impossible to not get carried away with the current. For those who need to call home to US, You can use the phone in the room. It was only 1.30 per minuite if you charged it to your room. My ATT cell phone would not work. You can also buy a phone card (we got ours from Apple rep) they were 15.00 for 20 minuites. Theres also a phone center at the concerito. I think it was 3 minuites for 1.00. Didn't use it. We did go to the concerito(fishing village) We got a few gifts. They seem to be a little expensive but you can bargin with them. We only paid 1/2 of what they were asking on most of the items we bought. The bartender at the Bavaro lobby (Isadora) was totaly wonderful. She would get our drink ready before we got to the bar. We saw the Michael Jackson show, it was good. Over all it was a great vacation. Very relaxing.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>nslisa
<Content>Very Nice Resort, but very big       The Slide  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Rho_DanNorthBay
<Content>In a nutshell "fabulous" First of all I must say any one that has anything negative to say about this resort, you have to be the type of person that nothing makes you happy or you happen to have a run of bad luck.I will keep this as short as possible as not to repeat same info givin in other reviews. My partner and I stayed here March 1 to March 8. We are both in our late 40's. Resort was more beautiful and clean than I was expecting and l did much research before choosing this resort. From the marble in the lobbies which carries into the rooms to the beautiful well kept grounds simply amazing.Tip your room staff and you surely won't be disappointed. The young man who refilled our bar fridge never missed a day and always left us extra of everything. Was the same woman who did the housekeeping every day did a great job. As I had read they don't supply face cloths, but the first day I asked her for one than she left me two everyday for the rest of my stay. The fresh flowers everyday in the bathroom area was a nice touch.Room was large, king size bed which was quite comfortable.(remember you are not at home here) As in a review I to recommend you bring alarm clock, they do have a wake up call service but never slept well a couple nights when I new we needed to be up early for an excursion and had to rely on the wake up call.Even though we booked the Bavaro section we were more in the Palace section, which was perfect for me as the Casino was a stone throw away(where I ended up most nights and did come home with 635 dollars in winnings from the slots) Internet cafe was just across the street (used twice and never had to wait more than 5 minutes) as was the Palace reception(where we got picked up for our excursions) and one of the buffet restaurants. I was pretty much right in the middle of the complex and it was perfect for us. Villa 6904 very short walk to the Palace pool and an even shorter walk to the Punta Cana pool area,(30 second walk) which had a 2nd pool and another buffet almost on the beach, which we liked the pool here the most.Ocean and beach were as perfect and breathtaking as everyone discribes. The towel on chair game was ridiculous but we always managed to get lounge chairs at the beach and pool area. And as stated in an earlier review you know who you are and should be ashamed of yourself and I do hope management puts a stop to it some how or at least double up the amount of loungers around the pool they could use more and there was lots of room for more. Food, not one complaint. A la Carte did 3 and were all fantastic. Spanish was so good(plum sauce means gravy by the way).Mexican was also very very good. And the steak and seafood was fantasic. T-bone was huge and NOT undercooked. I don't do lobster so can't comment on that. If you can't find enough tasty food to fill your belly in the buffets you are way to picky and serious food issues. The breads we the best along with the pizza. Fried chicken a must have. Never bothered with burgers and fries was to much other great stuff to choose from. Dominican night was my favorite with the roast pig and all the Dominican flare. Breakfast, lunch or dinner was always yummy.Drinks were very good, and also enjoyed the wine and beer, always nice and cold. Excursions did 3. Zip Lining was thrilling, a must do. Reef Explorer was also a 1/2 day trip and was worth the 90 bucks a head. Swam with sharks and stingrays, snorkelled the reef, even got a massage and lunch while there. Parasailed and the speed boat ride to the parasailing boat was just as fun. I booked with itravel2000 on line and was perfect. Air Transat was great like the last time I booked with them. And our rep there did a great job.Punta Cana and Bavaro beach was my best vacation I have had yet thanks to the Grand Palladium Resort and their great staff.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>50bash
<Content>WOW...Grand Palladium Bavaro We have just returned from the Grand Palladuim and I have to say Thank You to TA. It was through lots of research here on the forums and to Travel Agents that I made the decision to go here. We were a party of seven, in three different types of rooms. Everyone was happy the Jr Suite for the three young adults was as close to the beach as you could get (Villa 28) and they loved it. We were close to everything (Building 74) and it was also a great room. My daugther and Grandson would have like to been closer to the beach but really nothing is very far, my daughter loved the big whirlpool too. All in all the rooms were top notch, except for a recurring issue of the mini bar in my room being missed. Not a biggie.The resort is large and it took me a while to figure it out, thank heavens the kids figured it out right away. The grounds are beutifully maintained and clean. We tried three of the ala cartes and loved them all, although the El Aricieffe (Steak and Lobster) was very slow and the $30 Lobster charge was a surprise. The Mare Nostum (Italian) and Mariachi (Tex Mex) were both great!! Although I tipped the waiters after dinner as I would normally, I didn't really see any need for tipping constantly. The service was good.The Buffets were great we could always count on there being something good, even my daughter who is fussy and a vegetarian enjoyed the food. We mostly stayed at The Cathedral, although the El Aricieffe for lunch and the Buffet at the Punta Cana pool was also very good.The beach is great, beautiful sand for miles....although we never really had a problem with chairs the Reserving thing has got to be addressed by hotel management at some point. I dont have a problem if someone gets up early to reserve chairs or a hut, if they plan on using them. The ignorant, selfish people that stake them out daily as if they own them and then not show up for hours are the ones that need to be straightened out. And you ALL know who you are...GROW UP, eveyone deserves the same chance at a hut or chairs.All in all I think this is a great resort and think everyone in my group thinks the same . Would LOVE to go back...tomorrow maybe? More Snow on the way.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>wlondon234
<Content>A lovely hotel but beware!!!!!! We booked 2 weeks at the grand palladium for our honeymoon, we upgraded to a junior suite and hoped for a dream holiday.Our 1st week was perfect, the resort is lovely, great resteraunts and pools, the beach is great and the weather was perfect.We both got a horrific tummy bug at the start of the 2nd week that left me in hospital on a drip for a day and my wife unable to leave our room. We spent the entire 2nd week unable to do anything but stay close to the toilet.Considering we only used the hotel bars and resteraunts and followed all the usual advice about bottled water we can find no other culprit but the hotel for this. With this in mind I have to say do not go to this hotel!!! Another bit of advice would be do not book with Thompson ever!!!!! As mentioned we upgraded every part of our dream honeymoon, we were not sent lounge passes and had to agrue with the lady at GTW, we were not given a welcome fruit basket and bottle of fizz OR invited to the newlywed dinner as we were told when we booked. Small complaints I know but read on.......Once we became ill the thompson recommended insurance left us stranded at the hospital for 2 hrs as they refused to confirm payment for my treatment. Thompson then refused to fly us home early, referring me to what they called MY insurance, even though it was sold to me with the holiday by thompson.We then had no contact from our rep for the rest of our holiday to see if we were recovering, aside from a note under the door.We found this especialy wrong as we had received a call to our room every other day on the 1st week when we were happy customers!!! I have been back in England for a week now and still no contact from thompson to enquire after our health.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>1	2	5	5	1	5	5	-1	

<Author>LeinieGal
<Content>Beautiful Beaches - Terrible Service at Palladium Bavaro       Outback Safari beach stop  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>NewBrunswickGambler
<Content>Love the resort We were 3 couples from New Brunswick that went down from February 17 through February 24, 2008. I must say that our experience at the Grand Palladium was truly amazing. All of us really needed rest and relaxation and that is exactly what we got from the minute we got there. Our checking took maybe 5 minutes and then we were escorted to our rooms. We got in late at night therefore it was nice to have someone show us around the resort. Our room was right next to the buffet however one couple was closer to the other resort. It did take them a few days to find their way since the resort is so big. One thing about the rooms I really enjoyed was the jacuzzi. After a long day at the beach a nice long bath was truly heaven.As for the food not one of us had a complaint. There was always plenty of variety to please everyone. I have been to the DR once before and Cuba 5 times and most times you can always find something to eat however, this resort everything we tried was excellent, specially the fish. UNFORTUNATELY THE DESERTS WERE EXCELLENT. I am paying for this now.The Beach - One word - BEAUTIFUL I only wish that the week was not over. Excellent food, excellent drinks and excellent company, what else could you ask for, THE BEST OF THE BEST!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Loulougirl
<Content>The perfect vacation spot!!! My husband and I stayed at the Grand Palladium Bavaro the week of Feb. 16-23 (before March break rush) and we had such an awesome vacation. Let me reassure you, this is the perfect vacation spot. The resort is absolutely beautiful.We spent most of our days at the beach, relaxing, sipping drinks and playing in the water. The weather was excellent. There are so many things to do there, it's unbelievable. A week goes by too fast. I went for a massage on the beach, in a hut located at the left side of the beach, behind the security guard's booth. It was absolutely relaxing, with the view  sound of the waves in the background. We also did the Saona Island excursion, which we booked through our Air Transat Rep in the lobby. It was excellent, we bought the DVD-what a great souvenir. We also booked a photo session with a professional photographer-Jesus. They have a booth in the lobby area. It was well worth it, our pictures turned out really nice!The food was excellent. The first 2 days, we had lunch at the beach grill and then discovered the lunch buffet at the Arrecife restaurant, by the beach. Just wear something over your bathing suit and you're fine. The view from the outside terrace is breathtaking. We tried 2 a-la-carte dinners and should have stuck with the buffets. All I can say is that if you like your steak well done-forget it. But hey, it's not that big a deal.There are so many employees working at this resort. We got along great with the staff. They are always in a good mood and so patient. They work really hard, some work 16 hrs/day, for 11 days and then get 3 days off! It's so interesting to chat with them and learn about their lives and culture. I brought little gifts for the waitresses too and they were so happy! We didn't find the guys selling things on the beach to be pushy...instead, we greated them with a handshake and gave them a chance to present their products. If you don't want to be bothered, just don't make eye contact with them! The little souvenir shops at the right hand side of the beach are awesome. Of course, you have to bargain at least 50% off their asking price! It's like a game to them, so have fun with it! The oil paintings are beautiful.Things I recommend to bring: -insulated mugs (as ice melts in seconds) we forgot ours!-enough $$$ as there is no ATM machine on the resort- there is one at Bavaro Plaza, about a 15 min walk outside the resort.-facecloths-old towels (to reserve your chairs at the beach and they are easier to spot)-travel clock (as there are no clocks in the rooms)All in all, the ambiance there was excellent. We met new friends and had a blast! We hung out together at the beach, dinner, lobby bar for evening drinks, theatre and of course at the Disco!It's your vacation-so make the best of it  have fun! We would definitely go back there again, it was truly paradise! We miss it already....  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>h0lib0b
<Content>A week of paradise .... Sat here, back at my desk in the land of 9-5, I am still in absolute awe of the lovely week my lovely boyfriend have just returned from.I wish I had the time to write about everything that made this place so fabulous. Unfortunately I don't. So what I will say is that from our room to our meals to the staff and the service we received, I have not a single complaint. Our room: huge, comfy, cool, mini bar stocked to out liking, huge jaccuzi, lovely hot shower, table decoration filled with fresh flowers picked from the gardens (we saw the maid doing it)...the whole room spotlessly cleaned each day. The gardens: lush, colourful, vast, lined with coconut trees. Trimmed, mowed, preened and maintained to perfection everyday, by potentially the most friendly gardeners I have ever had the pleasure of meetingThe Food: I am quite fussy when it comes to food. Here I was absolutely spoiled for choice. Having never gone all inclusive before, I was a little worried. Silly me. From steaks to roast chicken, pork, beef, duck, grilled fish, freshly made paella, pastas cooked to your liking, choose your own ingredients, pizza's burgers, themed nights, mexican, american, dominican, spanish, gala...i could go on and on. red, white, pink wine and beers and juices all served with dinner and lunch, and a glass of champagne served with breaky. A la carte's? we only tried one of the many as the buffets were lovely, but our experience was lovely food, lovely service. The Staff: for me, the staff at this resort made it that extra bit special. Never before have i stayed in a place where people do everything they can to make you feel so welcome. The people here go out of thier way to make you smile, and are so full of life and happiness themselves. It became a genuine pleasure to be around the staff, who always recognise you and say hello/ola. i'm still saying ola now....I'm going to have to stop now, still so much I want to say and not enough time to say it in.Basically, if you want to go away, relax, have fun and an amazing time in an amazing place with the person/people you love, then this resort is perfect. Im missing it already.p.s - if you go, look out for the gardeners collecting the coconuts that have fallen from the trees, they cut them open for you to drink from then and then eat them....they taste amazing and added a nice little touch to our hol...I want to go back...right thats it, i'll stop now :-)  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>forzainterToronto
<Content>Nice grounds, but bad food We booked our trip to the Palladium mostly on the high rating of this sight, first things first I will it is a beautiful well maintained resort, with a excellent beach, no seaweed no rocks just pure sand. The crowd was mostly French and European, few Americans and some Canadians. All in all I would say the hotel caters mostly to people from France I found the only people who spoke English were the bartenders in the lobby, and the front desk clerks besides that you鈥檙e going to have to get by on pointing for what you want.Now for the bad! The resort the beach was overcrowded and beach chairs are scarce if you don鈥檛 go early to reserve them with your towel. There are way to many people from the hotel trying to sell excursions (scuba diving, parasailing, snorkeling) and towards the end of your trip it gets extremely annoying when you just want some peace and quiet, it gets a bit old when you can always hear some guy Parasailing, bannaboat every minuet, followed by guys walking up and down the beach trying to sell jewelry and fake cigars. Also this is not the hotels fault but if you like walking up and down the beach you cant go either way without being harassed by other resorts selling excursions, guys selling timeshare, and extremely pushy guys trying to get you to come into there store.I found the food to be disappointing we only went to 2 ala carts then gave up we tried the Asian and the Mexican and after talking with other people they said the other restaurants were worse or no better, so we pretty much stuck with the buffet because at least you knew what you were getting and you didn鈥檛 have to wait for a hour to get a seat. The buffet was ok, it鈥檚 pretty big so you can always find a few things to eat that aren鈥檛 too bad, (I would rate it just a little better then a Cuban 4 1/2 star) Our room was great, although I think we got put in a suite of some sort due to the hotel being booked solid, it had a really big bathroom with a hot tub in it which was really nice, and our maids kept the room really tidy and cleanSome Other Good/Bad PointsThe casino is small few blackjack/roulette tables and one poker table that is always emptyThere is a shuttle train that goes through all 3 resorts which is handy, there are 2 trains that run frequentlyThe other resorts buffets are just the same as the Bavaro's so you can鈥檛 really get a variety if you wanted oneReef explorer excursion was pretty goodDisco wasn鈥檛 half bad Bars gave out bottled water which was niceBeach towel service is a pain (card type service)Id look into the paradisus or the princess resort just down the way, they both looked a bit more laid back and less congested, and the beach chairs at the paradisus looked comfy they had beds and such you could lie on and tan!All in all I wouldn鈥檛 say I had a bad time at this resort but I was ready to leave at the end of my 7 days.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	4	3	2	

<Author>jess194
<Content>great stay A group of 7 of us stayed at this resort from Feb. 8-15 2008. The flight there was good. We had a night flight with air transat. It took us a little while to get our luggage but once we did we were on our way to paradise. This is a very large resort but most of us didn鈥檛 mind. There is a train that takes you all around the resort. But if you know the short cuts, walking from A to B ends up being faster than waiting for the train and then riding it. CHECK-IN was really fast. About 4-5 minutes per room (we had 3 rooms but there was another 20 or so people checking in at the same time). Jose took all 7 of us and our luggage in a little golf cart type car to our room. He was really great. When he left us in our rooms with our luggage, he showed us where everything was (ex: mini-bar, coffee machine). We wanted to eat something but it seemed like a long walk back to the sports bar because it was dark and we weren鈥檛 familiar with the resort. But Jose offered to take us back in the little cart to the sports bar. He even went beyond this and gave us a tour of the resort first which was really sweet of him to do.SPORTS BAR: The food here was good. There was salad, pizza, burgers, sandwiches, nachos, ice cream and popcorn. THE ROOMS: I stayed in a junior suite with my best friend and her brother. The room was really nice and big. When you walk in, on the right, is a big closet and the safe; on the left is the living area with a sofa bed, a table and a chair. After that, there are 2 double beds, the TV and balcony. Under the TV was the mini-fridge and next to that was the coffee machine. We had a powder area in our room with a table and 2 mirrors. The washroom had double sinks, a Jacuzzi and in the washroom there were 2 frosted doors: one led to the shower and the other to the toilet.THE FOOD: We did not try the a la carte restaurants. I can鈥檛 remember the names of the restaurants but we always ate at the buffets. We went to the buffet at the Punta Cana section once for dinner. For lunch, we went once to the restaurant on the beach in the bavaro section and we ate once at the beach bar kiosk. All other times (breakfast, lunch and dinner) we ate at the buffet at the Bavaro section. What I enjoyed about this resort was that every night there was a different theme for the buffets. This gave the food some variety every night so no one can complain that the food is the same every day. What I also liked was that besides the theme every night at the buffet being different, the bavaro section buffet also had an 鈥淚talian corner鈥?where there is always pizza and pasta. The pizza at this resort is the best I have ever had. My friend and I absolutely loved it. Overall the food was good and there was a good variety to choose from any time of the day. For Valentines, they had a gala. The food was great this day. They gave every female a rose when they walked in and they pinned to everyone鈥檚 shirt a heart and a feather. THE POOLS: We didn鈥檛 spend too much time at the pools because we prefer the beach. The Punta Cana section has 2 pools one of which is massive and very nice. We didn鈥檛 go into the pool in this section but we took some pictures of it on our last day. We didn鈥檛 go to the palace pool at all. We went to the Bavaro pool. It is smaller than the Punta Cana pool but still ok. THE BEACH: I was at dreams 2 years ago when it was still called Sunscape the Beach. Comparing the 2, this beach was WAY BETTER!!! The palladium complexes have a large strop of the beach which was good because it didn鈥檛 seem too crowded. Now the lounge chair problem: at times, it was a bit of challenge to get the chairs if you we were we got to the beach after 10am. But we did get some everyday; it just took us longer on some days to get some. We did get extremely upset one day because we had 3 chairs and we were laying on them but the entertainment team called us to play a game so we went. We were there for maybe 5 minutes when I looked over and saw someone taking one of our chairs. My friend ran to get it back. The couple was extremely rude and said too bad and that our name isn鈥檛 on it and they did not give it back to us. She explained to them we are just playing a game and we will be right back and still they did not give it back. They even tried to tell us that it wasn鈥檛 our chair, they got it from somewhere else but I saw them taking it (we were only about 20-25 feet away). Anyways, one of the entertainment guys told us not to worry, come back and play and he would get us another chair. And he did. In the end it worked out but I found that extremely rude since we were away from our chairs about 5 minutes when they took it and in total we were away from it about 20 minutes. ENTERTAINMENT: there were activities done by the entertainment team on the beach and by the pool daily. They would come to the beach in the late morning/early afternoon to do activities such as dance lessons, volleyball and exercise. In the late afternoon/early evening they would move to the pool and do some activities there such as water pool and aqua fitness. There are 2 theaters in the whole complex. Outside of the buffet at the bavaro section, they would put up 2 posters indicating what the show was each day at each theater. They were ok. Some of the ones we saw were: Fantasia Palladium, raices dominicanas, mister palladium and the Valentines Day show STAFF: Overall the staff was good and friendly. The entertainment staff was great. They really try to get you involved in activities and enjoy your vacation. We only had an issue once with the service at the buffet. They took forever to order our drinks finally the manager came, took our orders then went to a staff member and told him to get it for us. We were basically done our meal and still hadn鈥檛 got our drinks. I saw the manager and asked for the drinks politely, he reminded the employee and was very apologetic for the delay. To many people this might be a big deal: but this did not affect our vacation overall. SHOPPING: We didn鈥檛 shop at the resort since the prices are quite high. If you walk to the right of the beach, at the end of the palladium beach section there is a little village called El Cortecito. We shopped here. Remember to BARGAIN!!! They are very pushy but they are just trying to make a living. If you just say 鈥渘o thank you鈥?and keep walking, they do leave you alone. There is no need to be rude to the people. There is also Plaza Bavaro outside of the resort but we did not go here. EXCURSIONS: We did the Bavaro runners excursion. It was fun but very bumpy. On this excursion we went to a Dominican house, sugar cane field, a beach, we saw how they make cigars and we went on a very mini hike where we saw an alligator. We also did a catamaran excursion but we bought it off of some guys that were selling it on the beach and by the pools. It was about 4 hours long. We went snorkeling and went to a natural swimming pool. They gave us nachos, drinks and a coconut. It was fun.  Negatives:- The beach bar kiosks don鈥檛 have bottled water. They give you a cup of water. The problem you need to keep getting up to get more because it really isn鈥檛 a lot. I would usually get a couple of bottles from the pool bar before heading down to the beach. I鈥檓 not sure if all the beach bar kiosks were like this but the one that was near us was. They should really change this. - There isn鈥檛 any music on the beach unless the entertainment team is there doing some activities. - The resort is huge and there are only 4 computers in the internet center; one of which was broken. So the wait to use the internet is long at times. The Transat holidays representative did tell us that they are planning to put some computers in the lobbies but this might take awhile. Overall, I really liked this resort and would definitely return here.  If you have any questions, please feel free to ask me.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>babygirlcanada
<Content>Great Resort for young families!! In the process of choosing the right resort for a family vacation, our biggest criteria was that it was accommodating to toddlers. Our little bambino is 21 months. We booked through transat vacations and we did not regret this decision at all. The flight (approx 4 hours) was great. Because the flight was not fully booked, the flight staff situated us with a 3rd seat and allowed our two year old to sleep almost all through the flight. The experience was the same when we returned home. We would definitley fly with Air Transat again. Overall, the resort was great. We were very well received. We notified them that we need a crib well in advance and we were situated right in the middle of the resort so that everything is easily accessible. Checking in went very smoothly. The only complaint with arriving was that we were hungry and we were unable to find a place to eat. There is no room service available. And finding your way around at 10 in the evening would have added to the fatigue of the trip. The resort is massive! 4 pools, 11 restaurants, and a long stretch of beach! Orientation is a must for valuable tips going around the grounds and all the services available.The food was great!! only complaint was that it was a bit on the salty and oily side. The food was great for adults but not neccesarily good or healthy for the kids. Recommend the lamb at the Arrecife restaurant for lunch. Each night has different themes. Spent the majority of the time in the buffet as the a la carte restaurants served the same food. There is a kiddie menu. So my son's diet consisted mostly of fries, fish and chicken nuggets.The pool was also great. They are mostly situated close to the eating area and each pool has a kiddie area.The beach is beautiful and is quite a long stretch. Although at this time, the waters were quite choppy and windy as the location is the meeting place of the caribbean sea and the atlantic ocean. At the end of the resort to the east is the flea market and Captain Cook's seafood restaurant.The resort has bazaars in each of the two main lobbies. You can buy souvenirs, clothing, rhum and coffee. Recommend staying in the resort to do your shopping as the prices in the flea markets were similar and the vendors were quite inflexible to negotiations.The resort also has a mini club where toddlers and young kids can spend their time. Their programs accommodate children that are 3 and over, but my son was able to use their playgrounds and toys under my supervision.Medical facilities were also excellent. My son got sick with bronchitis and the medical staff was immediatley available. The Hospital was 20 minutes away from the resort. Important to have medical insurance as it is costly.Overall, the experience was above average. Enjoyed the facilities and was very accommodating to young families. Staff was excellent. Food was great but needs to be less salty and oily.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Katzeroo
<Content>There's a reason it's #6 of 64 in Tripadvisor The only bad part about the trip was the getting there as we had to take a split flight with a stop-over in Atlanta. My own fault for waiting 2 weeks to book when there was a perfectly good direct flight from JFK staring me in the face. Now on to the good stuff:Check In - Quick and painless. We were served a nice refreshing drink (couldnt tell if it was alcoholic) and our check-in was handled with ease. We actually upgraded from the deluxe room to a junior suite (a great move) and it was $10 less than Apple would have done it for. Probably padding their own bottom line, but hey..they have to stay in business, right?Room - The room was huge and had a sitting area with a couch and an armchair. We had double beds that cant rival a Serta Perfect Sleeper, but they did the trick. We were exhausted after the excursions anyway. The bathroom was huge, with his/her sinks, a toilet area seperated by a curtain, a nice shower and a huge 2 person hot tub. Minor gripes...low shower pressure at all times, but I know its not the US and the hot tub only has an on/off switch with no fine control over how fast you want the jets to go. Oh well. Minor details.Grounds - Immaculate. You couldnt have asked for a better maintained resort. Green grass and flowers everywhere. Maintenance guys working and cleaning up, cutting dead branches off the trees (and coconuts as well). There are covered walkways along many of the paths so you can get from the lobby to your room pretty much all covered from the elements. The paths are paved, but I wouldnt run on them with moisture on them...can be a little slippery. Many of the guys were singing as they did their work. There was a nice pond in front of the lobby with egrets and flamingos in it and huge fountains in the lobby with huge fish swimming in there. Nice touches, both.Other Guest: As mentioned before, if you are from the US, you are decidedly in the minority. The only English I heard was from Canadians and the odd visitor from the UK. Much Spanish, French, Italian. People seemed generally friendly and laid back. Some people mentioned that some of the guests walk the paths 3 abreast and dont give way leading to near misses....I saw and experienced none of that.Food: I did not eat in any of the ala carte's. You do not need to make reservations anymore...just show up. Doesnt matter how long you are staying either. The buffet was really good...not 5 star food, but come on..they are cooking for 2000+ people 3x a day...its was pretty good. Plenty of eggs, fish, meats, fruits, salad, desserts. For people who like it...there are generally roasted pigs on display. They give you sangria and other drinks on your way in. They had a nice special meal for Valentines Day with extra foods and pinning people with hearts as they walked in. Really, they just went to the extra distance to try and make it more special for the guests. There are also snacks 24/7 at the Sports bar across from the Lobby.Activities: We didnt do much here. There is archery, tennis, soccer friends, basketball courts and the staff by the beach are trying to get people interested in dancing lessons, beach volleyball, etc. There is plenty to do. There are also beach excursion places there. The salespeople come around and generally dont bother you if you wave them away. Sometimes they got into a protracted discussion trying to convince someone, but that didnt seem to be the norm. There is also a small casino and some small shopping plazas there. Overpriced, but hey, its at the resort. It's tough to be bored there.Beach: Awesome. The sand isnt powdery white, but its pretty close. No shells or anything to cut your feet on. Barely any seaweed coming in with the tides. The water is as blue as they tell you. Beautiful. You do need to show up early to get seats together without dragging random ones. Also, if you arent there by 7am, you arent going to get to sit under one of those thatched umbrellas. There always seemed to be a towel saving them for someone. Not nice, but what can you do?Pools: Really nice too. There are some very deep sections that even I couldnt stand in (I'm 6'3) which is a nice change as many resorts top out @ 4.5 feet. All the pools have some form of swim up bar. You needed to get there early, even more than the beach, to get a chair, especially one under an umbrella. To me, it seemed worse than the beach since at the beach, the chairs were collected and stacked nighty. Not so by the pool, so people got new towels in the afternoon and sometimes left them where they wanted a spot over night. I dont blame this on the hotel although I guess they could have collected all the towels and made them pay $10 for new towel cards. That'd teach em, right?Excursions: We did 3 of them. There was a Speedboat/Snorkeling excursion that was terrific. I had never driven a speedboat before...what a rush. My glasses couldnt prevent the spray that kicked up from getting in my eyes. We also did the Bavaro Trackers ATV excursion. This one takes you to a deserted beach where you are riding at high speed about 20 feet from where the Caribbean and Atlantic Oceans meet. You also run through an abandoned resort and down a long road into a rock quarry. On the way back, they also stop @ a little course so you can jam on the gas and go airborne as you take the moguls and the hills. Terrific. The last one was the 'Reef Explorer' which takes you to a floating ocean platform where you can do many things. Get a massage, snorkel, tan, swim with the nurse sharks and with the stingrays (super cool). They are all worth what you pay for them so dont let the price deter you. The worst part of them was sitting on the bus and picking up people from other resorts.Drinks: They dont skimp on the alcohol and they are very tastyOverall: Relaxing, fun filled and the staff, despite the language barrier really didnt try their best to make your stay better. I didnt wait more than a minute to get some water while I ate at the buffet (all bottled water). I would not hesitate to stay at this resort again. I stayed at the Riu Merengue in Puerto Plata which was #3 in PP at the time and as nice as that was, this was a LOT better....they beach, the staff, everything. If you are looking for an excellent vacation, come here.Random note: At the flea market, I was approached by 2-3 seller who wanted to buy my UnderArmour shirt right off my back. I was even offered a nice box of cigars I couldnt bring home. I didnt do anything, but if you can get them on the cheap, it may be something to bargain with for some things there. FYI.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>IowaRaybo
<Content>Well Worth the Money We stayed for seven nights in Feb 2008. The temperature was great, 75-85 degrees F with rain at night three of the nights. There are actually three resorts with about the same style rooms, the Palace, the Punta Cana and the Bavaro. Our room had a whirlpool bath in it along with a king size bed, coffee maker, hair dryer, mini-fridge, etc. It was immaculate all the time and well maintained. The bathroom was a bit small but very functional. Suites are available in the Royal Suites area of the resort and this area has its own pool, restaurant and a bit larger rooms. No children are allowed at the Royal Suites. My first impression was the sprawling nature of this resort with paved paths to everywhere with many of these covered to reduce the heat and protect from rain. A lot of walking is involved in anything you do but you quickly find your way around. Shuttles are available to reduce the walking but catching one requires waiting at one of the stops so we never used them. There are shopping areas and an internet cafe' on the resort and also a flea market shopping area just up the beach independently operated. The food was good with lots of variety and great service. The ala carte' restaurants are walk up type vs. having to use a reservationfrom your arrival packet while the many buffets are very accommodating and well done. This resorts seemed to cater to Canadian and French people but we met Polish, British, German and Italian people as well. Very few Americans were around and the staff knows very little English. Wine is served by the waiters at every meal as readily as purified water. I give this resort a 4.5 out of 5 and rate it down only because of its lack ofsufficient lounge chairs and long walking distances.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>walk-the-talk
<Content>fabulous! I have just returned from a fabulous week at the Grand Palladium Bavaro Resort and Spa. I have visited many resorts and would have to hold this one in high regard. The rooms and overall property were kept very clean and the grounds were beautifully landscaped. The beds were comfortable and the rooms spacious. The villa style accomodations gave great atmosphere and the views of the grounds were beautiful. The beach was amazing. The lounge chairs do go quickly but we (a group of four women) managed to find some every day... even at mid-day or early afternoon....one could never find an empty lounge chair at the pool however (boo hoo to those who saved their chairs but never used them).The food in the buffet was very good and there were always many options to choose from. The a-la-carte restaurants were excellent as well. The food at La Mariachi Mexican restaurant was fantastic as well as at the Quijote Spanish restaurant. The seafood restaurant near the beach was a little slow in service and the food was a little undercooked compared to what you ordered (so if you like your beef medium, order medium-well done)...found the lobster a bit expensive...I was disapointed in the sports bar...the pool table was terrible and the service was so-so but the food was good. The service throughout the hotel was excellent! Mini-bar was replenished daily, towel-art with fresh flowers is always impressive, restaurant service was impeccable...The pool at the Bavaro wasn't my favourite with no gradual entry - you had to climb in and out (which can be difficult for some) but the swim-up bar was fun. A lot of activity around the pool (aerobics, dancing, contests) but the staff didn't pressure you into participating. Some of the vendors offside from the pool were high pressure though....we spent most of our time at the beach and went to the poolside for afternoon drinks.The excursions offerred were excellent. I participated in the jeep safari tour (Bavaro runners) and it was an exciting day. The horse back riding was only so-so but the trip up through the mountains and to a local family's home was amazing. The Marinarium trip to swim with the nurse sharks and stingrays was also amazing! These are not to be missed.The weather was great for our entire trip - only 15 minutes of rain. No bug issues at all...nice constant breeze at the beach and plenty of shade should you so desire. The night life was fun...a must-see is the Michael Jackson show followed by the disco.Don't forget to visit the market which is only a 10 minute walk down the beach....make sure you negotiate on pricing...you should only pay approx 30-50% of their original asking price.I was very impressed with all aspects of this resort and would most certainly go there again. The people were extremely friendly and helpful and the service was excellent. It made for a very relaxing stress-free vacation.....  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Ragu1955
<Content>Great Vacation From Dryden       Beach 2  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jonesn24
<Content>Grea Resort...Awesome Holiday!!! We just returned from a 2 week stay at this resort. We loved it! We would not hesitate to go back.The resort was large, spacious and beautiful. The resort was at capacity but never felt crowded because of the size...The room was very nice,clean and spacious..The beaches were very busy on certain days,but that is to be expected at this time of year...Thats why you go on this type of vacation...The food at the several different buffets were all very good..There are 6 beach bars spread over a very long beach,so this makes it very easy to access drinks...There are 3 different buffets for lunch that are also very close to beach area.,and 2 beach B.B.Qs...The accessability around this resort is very easy,they have paths all over the place,and also a train that takes you around...The grounds at this resort are absolutley beautiful and very well maintained....The 4 different pool areas are also very beautiful,all with swim up bars and kept very clean...The resort is 3 different in 1 ,but gives the feeling of just 1 big resort...It gives alot of options for bars and food..The service was very good and the people here are also very friendly..Last but not least,the only negative point i have is,some of the other tourists..They can be very rude and obnoxious....This however ,did make this get in the way of us having a wonderful time at this resort and would definately return....  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>THEHIPSTER
<Content>Large, Clean        The covered walkways at the resort  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	5	1	

<Author>travelinman2008
<Content>There are better choices I stayed at the Grand Palladium Bavaro Resort with two other couples from Jan 25- Feb. 1, 2008. We booked through Apple Vacations. Upon our arrival our rooms were not ready and told to return in one hour. When we returned we were told the room category we booked 6 months earlier were not available. They would have to downgrade our rooms since they were overbooked. We later learned they had previously moved 16 other couples to a different resort due to overbooking. On day 4 they moved us to the other rooms. This made for a bad start. No one at the resort could explain why this happens. The Apple rep. had his hands tied because the hotel was overbooked.On the brighter side, this is a very large, clean resort.However it is quite a distance between restaurants and the beach. The beach was beautiful with no rocks, coral , seaweed or even a sea shell. Water shoes was definitely not needed. The food was average and the Seafood restaurant was terrible. We were their for 3 hours and our food was undercooked and raw. The rooms were clean but out of the 7 nights their we only had wash clothes 2 nights. When we called we were told they would be their in 20 min. but never arrived.I prefer the Palladium in the Riviera Maya.Americans are the minority and English speaking people are hard to find.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>wheatswheats
<Content>Good, not great Background: Attended beach wedding with friends, had infant aged 6 months for the trip.High points:- Clean and functional rooms- Good security (felt very safe)- Nice beach, good facilities (sport courts, etc.)- Staff is friendly and courteous- Event planners for wedding did an excellent job- Evening entertainment was very goodLow Points:- Resort is so large as to be considered a compound (room for 6,000 guests...not exactly cosy)- No reservation system for dinner; therefore, had to wait up to 1.5 hours each night (unless you arrive right at 6:30 pm)- Gym is located at the periphery of the resort and all signage directs visitors to the wrong location- Staff's use of english is passable, but it was VERY difficult to communicate anything beyond basic requests to the staffOverall, a positive stay with great facilities. Good location for families and young couples. Food was reasonably good.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>wreckage22
<Content>great resort but........... The resort was great, the beaches and pools were awesome. Overall the resort was very clean and the staff was helpful, but....I would recomend locking up pretty much everything you have while you are gone. My wife's glasses were stolen out of her luggage by the cleaning staff, another friend of ours that was there with us had his stolen as well. Another had some medication stolen too, this was right out of our rooms while we were at the beach.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nikki_955
<Content>Amazing time at the bavaro!       This is our room!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Shawnda
<Content>This resort was easily one of the very best we have ever been at. My husband and myself were at the Palladium Bavaro from Jan. 18th - 25th 2008. The food was very good, and they have recently changed the policy about the a la carte restaurants. You no longer need reservations, and you can go as many times as you please, or you can also go to the buffets, which also change each day, and are also great. The room was very clean, huge bathroom with large two person jaccuzi tub, separate shower, and separate toilet area. Too many bars and restaurants to list.  Service was also very good, with great effort made by all to speak the different languages. Most employees are better in French than English, simply because French is quite close to Spanish. Beach is great , very, very long, and you can literally walk all day on the beach if you don't forget to turn around. My husband finnshed his scuba diving certification there, and the Dolin Dive center was excellent. They are SSI certified, not Padi, but they did have a PADI cert. instructor to sign off on my husband's referal dives. We also both went on the diving trip to Catalina Island and the diving there was good, but not comparable to Cozumel, Roatan, etc. Great for beginners though, which my husband obviously is. We used both Jonathan (husband) and Juan Carlos (me) as Dive Masters, and I was impressed with the safety and security for all concerned. I had a less than pleasant experience with another well known dive company in Mexico last year, so this was a bit of a surprise at how good they were. The resort is very large so be prepared to walk a fair bit each day. There are trains that go around on a regular basis, but if you don't wish to wait, be prepared to walk. After eating way too much good food every day, taking long walks was just what we needed anyway. We will definitely go back, as for the price we paid, and the quality we received, it can't be beat.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jesi74
<Content>amazing vacation - we can't wait to return to this resort !       we watched the sunrise every morning  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>KKAE
<Content>Great Place....       Hotel Lobby  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>GisLondon
<Content>Awesome Resort I have been to the DR a few years and this is one of the best resorts I have stayed at. Brought my husband this time and he enjoyed himself very much. The resort is quite large but we didnt have much of a problem getting around. The grounds were well kept. The rooms were average. One question I have is why is it so hard to find a cup of coffee during the day?But otherwise their is always lots of booze (lol) Will probably go back to this resort next year.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	5	3	2	

<Author>lparr818
<Content>Wonderful vacation My husband and I stayed at the Grand Palladium Bavaro Resort Jan 12 - 17 2008. We had a wonderful vacation! Driving from the airport to the resort was a little sketchy and had me worried, but the resort was amazing. It has a security gate at the entrance, and guards walking the premise, so I felt completely safe.The resort grounds are beautiful and the room was very clean. We stayed in a junior suite, which had a king size bed, sleeper sofa, and jacquzzi in the bathroom. The only problem we had with our room was that the shower leaked onto the floor, which made it very slippery when you got out!The weather was great everyday we were there. We would spend the mornings at the beach (absolutely gorgeous - prettiest beach I've ever seen) and the afternoons at the pool (and pool bar!) We did have a little trouble in finding chairs on the beach everyday, but we always managed to find two...we just had to find one and then another somewhere else and put them together. The beach was very crowded at the Bavaro end, but a little less crowded at the other two hotels on the property. The water was a little cool when you first got in at both pool  ocean, but we quickly adapted. There were several buffets and theme restaurants (no reservation required anymore). The food was ok....there was a wide selection, but some of it was a little out there for me. Maybe I am too picky....I always found something to eat though. The buffet changes for dinner everynight, so you could eat there the whole time. We tried the Mexican, Asian and Italian restaurants. The Italian was our favorite, the others were so-so. The service was a little slow in all. The sports bar was open 24 hours for pizza, hamburgers, sandwhiches and snacks. The drinks were very good (except for the strawberry daquiri, which was a little too sweet for me) Try the coco loco (very good) but beware of the mamajuana =)The staff at the hotel was very nice. There was a little language barrier, but we were always able to communicate what we wanted. We were a little surpised at the number of Europeans and Canadiens there...we only met one couple on the last night that were also from the US!The nightly shows were entertaining, although some were a little corny. We also went to the disco one night, which was lots of fun. The entertainment staff was great in getting everyone involved in all the different activities throughout the day  night (bingo games, dance lessons, volleyball, aerobics, etc.) There was always something going on.We did an excursion one day called Marinarium. You snorkel along the coral reef and then with nurse sharks  stingrays! It was probably our favorite part of the trip...I highly recommend it.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Grand Palladium and would definitely go back.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>CarolynandPeter
<Content>10th Time to this Hotel in 6 years, just keeps on getting better  We have recently returned from our 10th trip to this hotel and we would like to give you a different view of this hotel, walking in off the coach into reception seeing the smiling faces from the staff, we get the same great feeling as we did the 1st time, feels like our second home.I would like to point out that this island is Spanish speaking therefore should you wish English as the spoken language may we say you might wish to go to Barbados, Jamaica, Antigua etc and pay double the price for a similar hotel. The staff are very friendly, work very hard and try their utmost to help but they are not dealing just with English,Canadian or American's but French,Spanish, Portugese,Italians, German, Swiss, Austrians, Polish and Russians, remember these are bar staff, waitresses etc and not multy linguists.Upon arrival you will get an ID band depending how many times you have been to the hotel. Blue is for 1-3 holidays, Yellow is for 4-9 visits and 10 or above is Silver ( we qualified for this this time )which classifies you a VIP with extra small touches like bathrobes, slippers, bowls of fruit and bottle of rum on arrival. I mention this because we met 10 couples this year we see every December all with yellow bands, we cannot all be wrong, I am sure you will notice plenty of yellow bands as well.Food is still first class in La Catedral restaurant with an enormous choice of show cooking as well as prepared dishes. Best night for our favourites are Friday ( Gala ), Saturday ( Spanish) and Sunday ( American). A la Cartes are El Quijote ( Spanish) for the Salmon and Bamboo ( Asian ) Sweet and Sour Pork. Finally the fried chicken is just like Kentucky fried on Thursday's ( Dominican ) night.I would like to mention in all the time we have been to the Palladium we have NEVER EVER got a tummy upset, people always try and blame the food anywhere this is always easier than saying I drank far too much or pool water got into my drink by kids splashing around at the swim up bar. Remember when eating fresh coconut or drinking the coconut milk that they are both laxatives along with the local rum, lastly on this subject you will perspire far more in a hot country use plenty of salt on your food. In the Villas maid service is every day and the bedding ie sheets are changed on a daily basis and the fridge is restocked every other day, again if you want more water go to any main bar and they will give you as many as you want. At the pool you will have waitresses coming around all the time, asking if you want a drink, you have not to go to the bar at all.At all the lobby bars you can get, international whisky, gin, vodka and vermouth if you ask for them by name example 100 Pipers whisky and Coke, you get what you ask for. Best Bar without doubt is Hemmingways, this is situated between the lobby and the swimming pool, here they do more international brand drinks than anywhere on the resort, they even do Baileys, Cointreau etc and even Champagne by the glass, yes these are all part of your all inclusive, no charge. Drinks are NOT watered down at any bar either.I think that living in a smaller country in europe we do travel more often embrassing other cultures trying there foods etc,should any one wish McDonalds, Wendys, KFC or the same oil to cook the French Fries or good old Mom's Apple Pie, stay at home with your creature comforts and let the genuine traveller enjoy a fantastic hotel in Paradise.Guess what we will return, cannot wait as usual to get our next Silver Band.Finally our thanks to Octavio DH. Supervi C of Fiesta Hotels who turned our usual great holiday into a superb, fantastic time.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lillikinz
<Content>Grand Palladium Bavaro- Amazing Stayed here for 2 weeks with my now husband In May 2006.Room- Gorgeous! I believe we were upgraded to a suite perhaps since it had a small living room attached. Great kind sized bed, beautiful alrge wooden closet to hang closet (with iron and board), nice size tv with a lot of channels, and HUGE bathroom all marble with two sinks, jaquzzi, and large stone two -person shower. Nice balcony. Rooms are very very very nice.Lobby- large and all marble. Very nice bars and seating areas.Beach- all I can say is WOW. The nicest beach I have ever seen. The large royal palm trees line the beach and you cna lay in the sun or get shade from these alone.The beach is breathtaking. The sand is white and the color of the water is a perfect turquoise. Lots of beach chairs available. You cna walk for km's on this beach. This was my favorite part of the vacation.Food-- again, WoW. This was our first trip to the Dominican Republic after having visited Cuba several times. The food is definitely much much better. Much more variety and due to no embargo on supplies, the standard was just amazing. We loved the buffet so much (it had theme nights with other stations that did not change in case you didn't like the theme) that we had to force ourselves to try some a la cartes (which were great as well). There was an awesome air conditioned sports bar that had internet access and a bar and food that was also very good in the middle of the day. The beach grill was excellent as well.Entertainment- was alright. Not as good as Cuba. In the evening, the lobby bar filled and had great bands playing and people got up to dance. A great place to meet people. Disco- was very fun. Great layout an the staff got people involved in learning some fun dances. Pools- awesome again. This resort allowed you to visit pools and some restaurants with the sister resorts so you actually had access to more ammenities than just the Bavaro. You cna simply hop on the trolley train an get off at various pools. Grounds- immaculate and stunning.Overall value- excellent. We felt that the Grand Palladium was above average and we got a great deal for what we paid. We would return to this resort in a second. Awesome stay.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Royer_from_BC
<Content>Great Place - Great Staff We went as a group of 2 families (both with 2 14 to 17 year olds). I read with interest many of the reviews before we went. Interestingly I found that one of the real highlights was the staff, both serving in the restaurants and the entertainment group. Beaches and pools were wonderful. The entertainment group was second to none. They are a very personable group that added greatly to our experience.I had reservations about going to the Dominican - boy was I wrong! I would heartily recommend this resort to all in similar circumstances. The language is Spanish. We found most could talk way better English than we could Spanish. Interestingly we found we could communicate with those that had very little English - it's all about attitude, and it was great.Rooms were excellent, very clean and reasonably appointed. Food was good in all restauraunts (missed only one a-la-carte). I went into this thinking we were going to a 4.5 star all-inclusive and was not disappointed.This was a great trip for all of us and I hope to go back -soon.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>sandOntario
<Content>Great Resort Wonderful Staff We have been to this resort 5 times. Been to the Dominican 7 times. We are planning to go again in June of this year.The staff here are wonderful. Food is good and the rooms are kept clean. We have been so often that alot of the staff know us.Our favourite Bell Boy Danys greets us with Welcome Homewhen we arrive. It is such a nice feeling to be welcomed back.No matter where you go there can always be something go wrong but remember you are not at home and if you want everything to be like home you should perhaps stay home.We have been to Mexico and didn't like it. Also been to the Bahamas and liked very much. Florida many times. But our hearts are in Punta Cana. We can't wait to return.We always go for 2 weeks in June. We are a party of 4.My wife,grown daughter,grandaughter and myself.Can't say enough about this resort. Have also stayed at the Grand Palladium Palace but prefer the Bavaro.Again the wonderful staff make this resort a great vacation and of course the beautiful beach.We are from Ontario Canada.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travx123
<Content>Grand Palladium I stayed at this hotel over Christmas with my family. We stayed in the Royal Suites section of the hotel, and were very happy with our decision. The Royal Suites was much quieter and less crowded than the other hotel sections. Also, there was never a line for a drink, and the Royal Suites dining room was much better than the buffet next door.Overall, we really enjoyed the hotel. The staff was friendly, and the rooms were gorgeous. Just don't drink the water. The hotel is approx. 20 minutes from the airport. We did not venture out of the hotel, but there was plenty of options to do so if desired.As far as the food is concerned, I would highly recommend a reservation at the Mexican or Japanese restaurants. The food was much better at these, than other spots on the hotel.One negative of the hotel was the sports bar. There was a very limited food selection, none of which was overly palatable, so you were really forced to eat at the major meal times. Also, the sports bar is a long way from the Royal Suites making it time consuming to get to.We also really enjoyed the sports center where we played mini golf, tennis, ping pong and badminton.Overall, a great trip for the price. Feel free to contact me with any questions.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>iamcdn2
<Content>Fantastic place       This is the picture of our room  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>patricia1956
<Content>Some good some bad We stayed here from December 26-Jan, 2. We have stayed at many all-inclusives. My husband and I brought 4 college aged kids with us - our own!The good: quick ride from airport to resort and quick check-in. Rooms very clean. Water on beach is BEAUTIFUL. Very windy. No rain during stay during day. Food great - we had a wonderful meal on New Year's Eve and at three specialty restaurants - never crowded and never rushed. Buffets mix it up somewhat so there is variety. New fitness center is great! Beach games fun and a great way to meet other guests. Nice to visit the restaurants and facilities of the Palace and the Suites. Liked that there are two markets at each end of the beach for some shopping and bargaining. Pools and towels clean. Lots of chairs at both. New Year's Eve fireworks and parties - fun!The bad: In order to face the sun (the reason we came!) you have to turn chairs away from the beach - very weird. Many Europeans who all smoke heavily and who don't understand the meaning of waiting for your turn in the buffet lines. Our daughters room was on the ground floor of #11 and don't stay there. Lots of crawling millipeds or inch worms or centipeds. I do mean lots. We killed some BIG spiders in their building as well. Not one bug in our other two rooms. Staff pretty quiet. Few make eye contact as you walk the resort. English is a non-language here. Brush up on your spanish fast!Overall....we had a good time with our family. Met a fun couple from Canada towards to the end of our stay. The kids enjoyed the beach games and the ability to try many restaurants. Liked the casual atmosphere - very relaxed. Glad we tried it - won't go back only because we want to try other locations and resorts. Good place for European families.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>efroni
<Content>Not what it used to be.... Stayed at the Palladium Bavaro over New Years. This was our second time at this resort. and we were disappointed with the food. Two years ago, food in the buffets was very good. (the sit down restaurants have always been average at best- same food as in the buffets, but less choices and usually very slow, unmotivated wait staff... still the same...). Though there is plentiful food, and many choices, it is not good, overcooked, and boring. After 2 days, one can predict all the choices.... If you like pork, you will find it carved different ways just about every dinner and lunch. Same for chicken... As was mentioned by a previous reviewer- the roast ducks, carved on two nights were breasless !! They have removed the breast prior to roasting.... I have never seen this done before. Since duck breast was not featured in any of the restaurants, I must assume that they purchase the ducks with the breast meat already removed.... Cheaper...Cold cuts are of the cheapest varieties, and the same all the time. Fruits always available, were sometimes presented past their prime. The wine served with lunch and dinner is the same every day. Very cheap, Spanish wine. There is no option for purchasing better wines. Liquers at the bars are mostly domestic with a very pitiful selection... There has been a definite deterioration in food quality and service. New Years Eve buffet , though it featured overcooked, room temperature lobster, Leftover from the New Year Extravaganza were featured at the buffets for lunch and dinner the next three days....Beach is beautiful.The resort was full, so not enough lounge chairs. Late comers had to sit on the sand. At times- the beach resembled Ocean City... very crowded. The beach had eroded in the last two years and is now somewhat narrower. We are early risers, so reserving lounges was not a problem as long as one does it before the sun comes up.... When in Rome- do like rhe Romans....Grounds are well kept and very beautiful, suites are nice, clean. Fresh sheets every day, mini bar restocked daily. Hard mattresses but not too bad.Service is fine, but not the most enthusiastic, even with tipping. I had the feeling that the workers do not get to keep the tips... Most understand English, don't bother with trying to speak Spanish. They do understand basic English.Entertainment is pittiful, though the New Year's eve and Michael Jackson shows were ok.No wireless internet. Limited TV. The weather was typical Punta Cana/ The beach faces North, so it gets quite windy at ttimes, and the wind is relatively cold. No wind once you move away from the beach. (Pools have no wind at all). It rained for a short time just about every day, but not a real problem.All in all, a relaxing time at the beach. Would have been great if the food was better, and the staff slightly more cheerful and enthusiastic...We would not go back to this resort, but may consider others.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	3	3	1	

<Author>bwilloughby
<Content>wow WowThe beach is amazing and clean, The food was amazing,The rooms were clean. Spacious. We had a junior room which had a couch and chair seperate area. We were on the bottom floor and we know for the next time to get on the second floor. As the people above us were always moving things around and you could hear them. Not that we were in our rooms much but at night time.Rooms cleaned very nice and fridge stocked sometimes twice a day.Bottle water at the bars. This is a true 5 star hotel.We have travelled to Cuba, Mexico many times and this was a great resort.We are heading back with our kids this year but are trying another hotel due to the prices.So i will see how other hotels compare to this one.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Anna1
<Content>Beautiful Landscaping and Beach We were at the Palladium Bavaro December 9th-16th.It was a beautiful destination, everything you could ask for in an All-Inclusive. It is huge, beautifully landscaped in every corner, had many pools to choose from, restaurants were plentiful, (we ate at the ala cartes every night, and of course the beach is fabulous. One day we walked for an hour to the left of the resort. We walked al the way to the Iberostar and then the Riu and then an hour back. It was well worth the walk the beach is so pretty.I had e-mailed the resort a couple of weeks prior to our visit and requested two rooms close together and centrally located. They honored my request and when we arrived I questioned the room choice and the man at the front desk personally gave us a wonderful tour showing us the differences of room choices. I really appreciated that.I would agree with most of the reviews about the resort. Everything is well organized, the fool was very plentiful with a lot of variety, mostly of very good quality. We ate at all the ala cartes and loved the Spanish and Mexican ones best. The Arricefe Restaurant had the best food, but the wait staff was not very good. The steaks are all very good throughout the resort. My husband enjoyed that. I am a seafood girl myself. That was good too. We saw the Michael Jackson show. That is a must see. We saw it the night of the Tropical Storm Olga and it was a highlight of a very rainy, dreary day.All in all, I don't want to make this excessively long.I would recommend this resort to anyone, however be forewarned that Americans are in the FAR miniority at this resort, maybe 2-3%. Mostly Germans, and other Europeans. I really didn't mind and enjoyed seeing all the nations of people together. We unfortunately had a very untypical rainy week because of the storm. We did have many nice sunny times also peppered between the raindrops. This is very uncharacteristic of December weather in the Dominican from what I understand talking to others on our plane that come every year. O well, you can't control the weather. We just made the best of it. The covered walk ways were great. I walked around the resort for hours through the storm.A few things that I didn't care for that kind of rained on my parade, pardon the pun, were as follows.1. The lack of communication at the resort. Information is NOT plentiful at this resort. Even through the storm we had to rely on other guests with laptops to tell us what was going on. Finally the resort posted a paper at few places telling us of the storm and to stay away from the beach but nobody would tell us anything more. That was frustrating. Our Apple representative was never around except the first day.2. The staff all did there jobs but were VERY impersonal,not just to us but with everyone. I left money and Snickers candy bars and nice notes in Spanish for the maid every day. She was nice, thank you Sophie. However the rest of the staff including the Animation Team were very lethargic with the activities. The wait staff at the restuarants were not friendly either despite our tipping and patience and respect. That made me kind of sad. Maybe the rain put a damper on their spirits. We have never had this response at any other resort even in the Dominican. In fact we have found our last trip to the Dominican the complete opposite. The resort workers at the Sunscape Casa del Mar were all happy interacting with the guests and amongst themselves. 3. Other than walking the beach, you really are confined to the resort. Unlike Mexico, I really didn't feel safe leaving the resort, there aren't many excursions. I Loved Soana Island last year from La Romana since the boats left from our beach but would not recommend that trip from the Bavaro beach resorts since the bus trip is so long each way.Would I return? Yes, I would. it is a beautifut resort and a beautiful beach. The water is a magnificent color, walking the beach is wonderful.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	2	5	

<Author>PrissyEssex
<Content>Did we stay at the same resort? My husband and I have just come back from a 2 week stay at the Palladium Bavaro. It is a massive resort and you can easily get lost. Despite it being such a huge place, there was still nothing to do during the day or the evening, unless you like aerobics and watching bad singing and dancing at the theatre.We found that very few people spoke English, both staff and guests alike. The staff seemed unhelpful and unwilling, which was disappointing.The beach was idylic with white sand and blue sea, beautiful.The food was plentiful but the main restaurant closely resembled a school canteen. The A La Carte restaurants were certainly not 5 star and served the same food as in the buffet restaurant, but with waiter service.The room was large and luxurious (we were upgraded into a honeymoon suite after we complained that the first suite we were given had 2 small beds in it) , although the bed was hard, and the bathroom was really nice with a huge jacuzzi bath in it. here were not enough sunloungers to go round, both at the beach and by the pool. If you wanted to get one you had to put your towel out at the crack of dawn.All in all we were disappointed with this holiday. It wasn't the 5 star luxury that it boasts and we won't be returning to the Dominican Republic any time soon.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>AshLovesToTravel
<Content>Fantastic Family Vaca This is a massive resort, so be prepared to initially feel disoriented and overwhelmed. Find your room, figure out where the pool/beach is and worry about everything else after :o)I visited this resort with my parents and three siblings (26, 22 and 18 yrs old) and we all had a wonderful time. The pool is great and the swim up bar was tons of fun for my brothers, sister and I (sorry, Mom and Dad for being such lushes). Food wasn't necessarily great, but we always managed to find something to satisfy our hunger. Drinks are plentiful and yummy!The beach - oh the beach! Perfection is the first word that comes to mind. Smooth sand, manageable surf, crystal clear water and lots of gorgeous palm trees await. My Dad and I took out the kayaks and had a blast. Just be careful because there really aren't life guards (my Dad is a former life guard, so we were safe) to keep an eye on you. Wasn't big on going out at night b/c I was always so tired from a day full of activity, but my sibs all went out and had LOTS of fun. The sports bar was a nice place to shoot pool and visit another area of the property. Brothers went to the casino several times, so I suppose it was fun (albeit unsuccessful). Hit me up with any questions you may have, as I welcome the opportunity to share my experience and to shed light as to what to expect. Happy Travels!!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>jkiss5
<Content>Loved it - would definitely go back again My husband and I took our 3 children (ages 23, 19 and 18) to Grand Palladium for Thanksgiving, Nov 19-26. All 5 of us loved Punta Cana and the Grand Palladium. My youngest doesn't even like the beach, but she loved it there. Here is a quick run-down:Resort: Beautiful, immaculate grounds, spacious rooms, clean pools, friendly staffFood: Huge selection at the buffets. If you can't find something really good to eat, you've got the problem. Went to the Mexican and Italian restaurants also. Both had good food but service was slow. No big deal if you allow extra time and eat enough appetizers/salad bar to hold you over. The 24 hour sports bar is great also, especially for the kids. Pizza, nachos, fries, BLTs.Alcohol: Only one kind of beer - Presidente. Not a problem for us since my husband liked it. Might want to take a big plastic cup with you as the beach bars serve drinks in small disposable cups. Lobby bar has the best Bloody Marys. Only complaint was the margaritas. Not so good. I love tequila and margaritas but switched to rum drinks while I was there. Not sure if it is the brand of tequila (maybe bottom shelf) or the sours mix or maybe just the fact that most bartenders load the drinks with alcohol. Regardless, there are plenty other drinks to choose from. I don't recommend the tekillyaNight life: Michael Jackson show is a must see. None of us are Michael Jackson fans, but the show was really good. Great dancing. We didn't do much else besides drink at the bar outside the lobby. We were all pretty tired by 11:00 from beaching it all day.Excursions: Saona Island was excellent. Would do it again in a heartbeat. It's a beautiful secluded island and the swimming is great since it is on the Caribbean and the water is calm. Also a good party. The rum starts flowing before you even get there. Had fun dancing at the island and on the catamaran. Even my hubby was dancing and he never does. I would highly recommend it.Beach: Incredible. Beautiful white sand. Sparkling turquoise water. The resort was at full capacity when we visited, so to get beach chairs we had to throw some towels on them early in the morning, but we were always able to find 5 chairs.Gross, but gotta mention it as we all have heard the horror stories. Diarrhea. Out of 5 of us, 2 had it for less than a day. Not that big of a deal as it didnt keep us from doing anything we wanted. Brush your teeth with bottled water, never, ever drink the tap water or get it in your mouth while showering and be easy on the fruit. The 2 people that got it drank the fresh squeezed fruit juice as well as ate a fair amount of fruit the day before. The fruit and juice is declicious, but my suggestion is to enjoy it in small amounts. This was also advice from our apple rep. Take some Ammodium with you just in case!Hope this helps -- have a great vacation!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Mirka_7
<Content>Heaven on earth. A real paradise full of happy people. Me and my boyfriend just returned from a week in Punta Cana in Grand Palladium Bavaro resort. I am sitting in my office in rainy Manchester in England but my mind is still in Dominican Republic.To talk about the resort and people there would be impossible, because words can not describe how amazing this place and its people are.Me and my boyfriend (both in mid 20s) have visited Grand Palladaium on 19-27 November 2007. We had the most relaxing and wonderfull time of our lives (so far ;) )The Dominicans are such happy and pleasent and welcomming people, always smiling and dancing around. The hotel is rated as 5* and I can say it was 5*. The service, cleanlines everything would deserve 1000* ;)I really strongly recomend this place to everybody.Rooms: spacious and cleanFood: big selectionBeach: picturesquePools: a lot of funGrounds: like in heavenAnd everything else was amazing.P.S.: I would strongly recomend to get a blow up ring to ride the waves on = a lot of fun;))  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Moxie
<Content>A Great Week We were fortunate enough to visit the Grand Palladium Bavaro from November 16-23, 2007. We are in our early 40's, no kids, and have travelled quite extensively through Mexico and the Caribbean. As many others have given quite a lot of information regarding the size of the resort (huge), the food (very good) and rooms (spacious and well kept), I will not repeat their reviews. Instead I will try and touch on a few topics that I had trouble finding information on prior to our visit.The gym - I am a fitness fanatic and a decent facility is fairly important to me. The gym here is pretty basic. I found it to be surprisingly small given the number of guests at the resort. There are 2 treadmills, one cross-trainer and two stationary bikes. There are also free weights and a few machines. Its a small area that is also part of the spa. Internet access - the only spot for internet access (aside from the top end suites) is located within the Palace shops. It was not open all the time and had only a few computers. I believe during high season there is also access to the internet in the sports bar which is located in the Bavaro section. Shopping - if you are used to travelling in Mexico or elsewhere in the Caribbean, you will quickly note that the DR is nowhere near as commercial. Frankly, I found this to be very refreshing as the sight of McDonalds and Kentucky Fried Chicken just seems wrong in the islands. There is a small town down the beach with vendors, they are quite insistent that you look at their stalls, but nothing a simple no gracias couldn't fix. We really didn't spend more than an hour or so there.When we were at the resort the guests were approximately 75% Spanish, 15% German/Dutch/French, and the remainder were North American. I found that almost everyone there, both employee and guest, could speak a little bit of English. The language issue didn't present any major problems for us while we were there. Not exactly sure why, and perhaps it had more to do with our particular week than anything else, but I did note a definite lack of the American party culture - no drunken antics by the swim-up bar etc. that we've noticed elsewhere on our travels. Everyone seemed to be more in relax mode than anything else.All in all, it was a great week overall. I would most definitely consider returning to this resort.Should you have any further questions, please feel free to contact me.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>NateWI
<Content>Amazing Resort Since I relied so much on previous reviews, I figured that it was my duty to return the favor. The grounds on this resort were unbelievable. Gorgeous foliage, beaches, pools, etc. I don't want to repeat much on what everyone else has said; food is not great, but much to choose from, Americans are the minority and close to 50% of the women on the beach were topless, etc. For $80 pp. we went scuba diving. I would recommend for anyone who hasn't ever been. The training took less than an hour, and the rest of the time was in the ocean. Also took the Saona Island excursion. It was fun to see the country on the drive to the marina, and the sailboat catamaran was a blast, but not much to do on the island once you are there. For the negatives: The salesmen will drive you nuts trying to sell excursions. Trying to relax on the beach, I had to tell the same guy 10 times that I did not want to go on an ATV excursion. It was very annoying while trying to have a good time. The bar selection is bad. Once choice of beer (Presidente on tap), and all liquors are the cheapest available (except for Hemingway's Bar, they had a bottle of Skyy and Contreau). Don't buy any souveniers from the vendors or market on the beach until you price the gift shops at the hotel....you will likely get a much better deal here, even with bartering involved. On the plus-side, you are allowed to go to any restaurant on any night that you want (unlike older reviews mention), without making reservations. I would definitely recommend this resort to anyone, just remember to bring some Pepto-Bismol, as you will definitely need it.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>jbaldwin32
<Content>The BEST resort in Punta Cana, can't wait to go back!       the resort from a boat off shore  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ItsAllGoodOnTheWater
<Content>Can't Wait To Go Back!! Stayed 5/27~ 6/2/07 ~ The first day was a little confusing; the place is huge  we had trouble figuring out where we could eat when. We ended up getting pretty drunk  eating at the Sports Bar. That was fine considering you can go there at any time, day or nite,  eat  drink. We then went to the hotel lobby  drank  danced (entertainment every nite there) until we couldn't anymore. We got lost on our way back to our room, but a very kind housekeeper helped us. We totally take responsibility for all this (it WAS a fun nite!) ~ just don't be tempted to drink all you can  run all over the resort until you get your bearings. We figured out everything the next day. The food was SPECTACULAR!! So many different dishes to pick from! We didn't do the ala carte as we didn't want to be tied down to a reservation,  couldn't see how the food could be any better. No bugs. No problem getting chairs at the beach or the pool. Can't say enough good about the People Of The Paladium (entertainment staff). They're a lot of fun on the beach in the morning, then at the pool during the day, then they do the show at nite. You'll see the same people working at different places; these peple work very hard for very little. Our room was great (clean, air worked, etc.), but DO NOT use a glass in your room if it isn't plastic sealed. One day, our housekeeper didn't leave fresh-sealed glasses, just rinsed out the ones that were already there  hubby was a little sick the next 2 days. (I still catch myself spitting in the shower!) The grounds are beautiful ~ always being worked on. We went on the Outback Jungle Safari. We highly recommend this, especially for anyone who has a complaint about the resort. When you see the real Dominican, the resort is like heaven. We went snorkeling, which was a blast  on a helicopter ride, which was out of this world! We only participated in off-site activities we booked thru Apple. Anything else - you're on your own. Knowing a few basic Spanish words  phrases does help. But don't we expect people in our country to speak our language?? It can be fun trying to ask for something or get a point across! There's a great shopping strip, with bars, drug store, just outside the resort. It's a nice walk  fun to haggle. If they bug you, just walk away!Our only real complaint was the extreme rudeness of a certain group of people staying there (made us VERY PROUD to be American). If you're American, be prepared to be pushed off the sidewalks by those who won't budge an inch for you. Resort workers with big, heavy machines even had to go off the sidewalks sometimes! And be prepared to be pushed around  cut in front of at the buffets. We had already heard about this  just drank more wine  took it all in stride! Take all the toiletries, batteries, etc. you might need with you ~ very expnsive there. And for cripe's sake, don't go if you have a major health problem ~ this is a 3rd world country ~ stop  think, use your head. You just have to relax, remember where you are, have fun  be safe!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jessb09
<Content>Viva la Republica Dominicana!       Playa Bavaro  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	5	2	

<Author>gallals
<Content>Left little to be desired I am not going to bore you with another drawn out review of this facility. I will tell you that it is huge. The pool at the Bavaro was dirty every day we were there and needs repair. Therefore we used the pools at the other facilities. The beach is beautiful. Our room was horrible. It was very dirty and we had a leaky ceiling. Our last night there was spent with a fist size hole in the ceiling and a constant stream of water flowing out of it. Maintenance put the hole in the ceiling and did not bother to put a bucket down so we used all of our towels to absorb the water. Food was ok. It's not what you get in America........... Now let me share something very important with you. DO NOT travel to a foreign country if you cannot speak the language. On our second day there, my husband developed severe chest pain. He has a history of some heart problems. After I finally communicated to one of the animation team members that we had a serious problem, it took 45 minutes for someone from the clinic to show up and a total of two hours to get to the hospital. Not being able to communicate was a HUGE problem. Believing that once we got to the hospital we would be in good hands was another HUGE problem. The ambulance had 2 oxygen tanks and both of them were empty. They had to get oxygen from the clinic at the Bavaro. The ambulance leaked exhaust fumes into the passenger compartment and I thought we would die of carbon monoxide poisoning. The hospital was a joke. They were not equipped to deal with cardiac emergencies and misdiagnosed my husband as having pneumonia. They became upset with us because my husband would not stay in the hospital for 2 or 3 days for IV antibiotics. The physician ripped the oxygen tubes out of my husbands nose and stated that they would not be responsible. This was the only time the physician touched my husband. They did not listen to his heart or chest or perform any type of physical examination whatsoever. We departed the DR the next day and came back to the US. In the following 48 hours my husband had a chest CT, chest xray, ekg, bloodwork, visits with his family practice physician and with his cardiologist. He absolutely did not have pneumonia and did indeed have an issue with his heart that luckily did not kill him. In the DR the drugs all go by the generic/chemical name. I did not bring our prescription bottles with us, just enought pills to get us through the week. Therefore I could not tell the physicians the drugs he was on. They are not familiar with Brand Names. My advise is do not go to a 3rd world country if you have a potentially life threatening health condition. Be able to speak the language where you travel and take your prescription bottles with you.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jules27
<Content>Great Stay in Punta Cana, RD       Beach  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Behm24
<Content>Nother drunk adventure       check out the water  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>AllOverTheMap
<Content>Excellent...no regrets! Thirty of us spent a week at the Palladium to attend a wedding held at the resort. No need to write too much about it since most people who gave great reviews have already described it. I have travelled to many resorts on several occasions. In a few words, I rate this resort as simply excellent! The lobby, rooms, service and food were all highly rated by everyone within our group. The grounds and beach...breathtaking and immaculate! The wedding...memorable!  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>aprilnboe
<Content>Loved the DR... Okay, we read tripadvisor religiously before taking a trip, and I must say some reviews were right on, and some must have been people confused about where they were. Our overall review of the resort and the DR. was good, but heres a little detail so you can really know what to expect. This is by a 27 year old women, with her 38 year old husband putting in his two cents. Booked via a travel agent and Apple Vacations--had some concerns here, as someone did not verify who they were talking to and gave our itinerary to my husbands psyco ex and her family... The Airport-- Is really kinda cool, its a big tiki hut, coming in, was very quick, turned in our cards they give you on the airplane, bought our $10.00 visitor card, that you turn around and give right back to someone else five minutes later... claimed our a bags (all four of them), and made our way out.. the apple rep took us directly to our taxi and ten minutes later we were at our resort. ** The return home was a bit differn't, the airport was HOT, but if you go to the lower level where all the international gates are it is air conditioned, we hung out there until we saw the us air plane. The Resort-- is beautiful, and BIG, nobody was lying about that fact. We had a junior suite in building 17. Very close to the beach and pool. Not as close to the lobby and main dining area, which wasn't really a big deal because we like walking together at home anyway, and the nice view was a pleasure. The walk way is also covered to keep you out of the hot sun. We did alot of walking, and used the little train alot to view the resort. We also spent time at the Place in their pools and resturants. Our room was at the bavaro. It was very clean, tropical, everything you could want in a tropical resort. Our room was great, big king size bed, the tv channels are mostly in spanish but we were not on vacation to watch tv anyway, seperate sitting area with pullout couch if we had bought the kids, the bathroom was amazing, we had a huge two person jacuzzi tub, that we enjoyed together every night, seperate shower, the entire bathroom is marble, which can get slippery. The pools-There are MANY... we liked the palance the best, it was quieter, they also have a huge jacuzzi with cool water. In the heat you welcome it. Each big pool has a swim up bar, where you can get drinks. TIP!! the machines with the frozen drinks do NOT have alcohol, you have to ask for it, otherwise your getting ice and juice. The local beer is mexican beer and it sucks... made me long for a Jamaican Red Stripe. The beach-- is breath taking. I have been to several islands in the carib. as well as to the keys and mexico, my husband has been to mexico and jamaica, we were both in agreement, this was the best beach, and the clearest water we have ever seen. You get gentle waves, enough to body board if you want. We are big into water sports, so we loved it. THere are also MANY beach bars, the beer is really cold closer to the palace. Excursions -- We did two excursions, and some other events on our own. The first excursion we did was a glass bottom cat. that took you out to the reef to snorkle, then you swim and snorkle with Nurse sharks and sting rays, made me a bit nervous, but I'm not a girly girl, so went and loved it, burned up two water cameras. It was pretty cool. the way back, your on kinda a party cruise, and they take you too a secluded lagoon where you get off and swim and enjoy the floating bar, we did this the second day we were there, we had already met two other american couples, and hung out with them on the excursion. nice young couple on their honeymoon from Pa. and a couple from Ohio. We had a blast, I still have the song by gnarles barkley in my head from the return cruise. 2nd one. we did the 'James Bond we got to drive a two person jet boat out to the reef and snorkle. We were the only americans on this trip... There were three guides for about 40 people. One of them took us off by ourselves, he allowed me to take off my life jacket since I'm such a strong swimmer, and dive down to take pics, he used my water camera the majority of the time and took pics of the two of us, and gave us some type of banana food to feed the fish, it was pretty cool that we got singled out, must have looked like big tippers, which we were and are. haha. We would highly recommend both. What else did we do??? We parasailed, its not like in the states, they move slow, and you drift over land, made me a little nervous, not sure I would do that again. Sailing- we took out a hobie cat, they are free for people with expierience only, which i had a little, BOe had none. Just lie, anybody can do it. Tip is, after you leave the beach, let your sail out about another foot, and you can really catch the wind, only took us about ten minutes to start really moving. I took my life jacket off, layed back and enjoyed the breeze. Would have done this a second day, if we had the time. Shopping- We took a taxi 7.00 one way to the three shopping malls they have about a mile away, each shop had the same stuff, were really over priced, and even when you negotiated down, you still paid more than you would have at the resort market. Just skip it and by it at the resort. The only things I bought there were a few pieces of jewelry... there is a blue stone that comes from the DR called Larimar, I bought a few pieces and also a couple pieces of amber that were really pretty. Everything else we bought at our own gift shops, which there are several. Food- the food at the buff. is not bad, there is alot to choose from, but it does get repiticious, they do have a theme night each night, and all in all we thought it was good.The alacarts. we went to the mexican and the seafood, I didn't care for either, but it wasn't bad. Limited menu's, we skipped our third reservation. The sports bar-- had burgers, blt's, hotdogs, chips, cookies, ice cream and a bar, that you can get 24 hours, at night it is the hangout for teenagers, they were all online, they thought it was pretty cool that i was a myspacer... and showed me how to get online with the Dr. internet. There is also a pool table and foos ball. The Casino- The only slots they have are the nickle slots and game tables. I hit the nickle slots for $$$ the first night there, it was the pay x10 machine, and everybody crowded around to watch the numbers keep going, it was pretty cool, even the employees seemed surprised, boe did good at blackjack, and we lost a little learning roulette. The Spanish- wasn't really a big problem, we kind caught on after a few days. Tipping-- I highly suggest you bring a stash of small bills to tip. We tipped the maid each day, the guy who refills our refridge. servers, bars, etc. and we had Wonderful service all week, got extra towels, pillows, anything we asked for. I also tipped the mini fridge guy, and he restocked EVERYDAY... The toplessness, yeah its there, but after day one you hardly noticed at all, its just a culture thing, in fact, by day four, I joined in, my husband was so proud of me, but it really isn't as big a deal as people make it, the little european girls even run around topless, no big deal. All in all it was a good trip, we had fun, as we always do on vacations  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>ZPAIS
<Content>Very nice place to be in 7 days holydays A group of 10 friends spend 7 days, last August 2007 in the Grand Palladium Bavaro Resort  Spa.We stay in an exclusive area of apartments they call the Royal Suits, only for adults.To contribute to other visitors pre evaluation, here is ourgeneral impression of the ressort.POSITIVE:Very well placed near a wonderfull beach long coast line.Clean and worm water.Private area on beach, for Royal Suits residents, less then 50m from apartments.Private service of drinks in the beach, where people walk arround all time asking you what you want to drink.Excelente environement, with very well cared gardens, very disponible emplyoees, and most of all, very very clean.Excelente apartments, very well cared, and allways with towells decoration, flowers petals all over de bath tub and bed.Very good food, in the several restautants, where you can find, by dinner, thematic nights diferent every night (spanish, carabienn, gala, italian, etc. nights). Pasta all days, grilled food (meat), etc. is common every day, for every taste, in a buffet style.Excelent sportiv area, for those who like all kinds of exercice and sports.Very large resort, with a turning arround train (actualy 2 of them), that can cary you all over. A turn is about 20 to 30 minuts.Two areas of night shows, every day.Not very very good, but they made a fair effort to please and to entertain. It is hollydays after all!NEGATIVE:Very poor adminsitrative organization. We had non admissible problems with our reserve. They said we dido not have reserve, neither paid anything, and send us to other recepction area, they dido not recongnised the e-mail confimation issue by pur travel agency.15m latter they confirmed and, you can laugh, they had even isuued beffore our chekin documents, and issued our room keys!!!They registered everybody in the name of the person who reserved de trip, we did not identify ourselves in the chek in, not good for security and in case of acident or something similar.They refused also to issue invoices in the name of the guests, but only in the name of the persson who reserved the stay.Royal Suits have the previlege (!!!) to use for dinner one a la carte restaurant, The Groumet.We wnt there the first night and it was very very bad.No AC working, and it was like that for some time now, we were told.The food was no good at all. It was a very bad experience, but again we went there only one time, not to repeat that bad experience. Eventually it was bad luck.We were informed that it wasavailabe a 24h medical doctor, but price would be 6 to 7 times the price of an MD in Europe. That is not at all admissible, but we were lucky notto need it that time.We consider they are very liberal in what concerns smoking restrition rules, eventualt because spanish clients, strong smokers yet.We do not agee with that, bec ause they allow smoking in great areas of restaurants, loby of hotels, etc. etc.Some reductons and restritive rules would be apretiated.GLOBAL OVERVIEW:Very positive. We would certainly repeated it.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	1	5	4	

<Author>beachbabe73
<Content>Wonderful!!! Loved every minute!!       villa 21  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>blueyes9
<Content>Good Trip, Bad Food Me and My husbnad both in our Mid 20's stayed here.It all in all was a good place to stayThe beach was awesomeThe rooms were Beautiful, cleanThe pool was kinda small for me, I like to big pool with the lazy rivers and waterfalls, but it was still nice.The only bad thing The FOOD!We later found out it was European Style. Whatever that is, it is not good. I can eat anything and I had a hard time finding things i liked. I have been to many all inclusive resorts and this is the only one so far that I couldn't find anything to eat.But in a nut shell the Hotel was great, very big, staff was nice, they don't speak much english though!Just beware of the food!!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>GroveCitymom
<Content>Gorgeous Resort! What an absoulutely beautiful resort! My husband and I travelled to the Grand Palladium Bavaro at the end of July for our 10th wedding anniversary. We were there on an Apple Vacation. We were completely impressed by the appearance of the resort and the friendliness of the staff. The grounds were perfectly manicured. Just beautiful!! We were a little nervous about not speaking Spanish, but everyone was helpful and friendly. Most of the staff that we came in contact with could speak some English. We tried to say hola and gracias whenever we could and that seemed appreciated. Also, we found that things run on Dominican time. No one rushes to do anything. Americans are used to faster service. The room we were in was very nice. We had a king size bed (with a really, really hard mattress). The bathrom was nice, but the shower/tub only has a partial glass wall. The floor ended up being flooded after we took a shower. The room seemed newly renovated. Clean. The maids leave fresh flowers in the room every day. Since there were only two of us, we had no problems with towels as some have mentioned. The mini bar is free which is nice. Be sure to bring an alarm clock as there are no clocks anywhere. Also, the oulets are different. I suggest buying a converter if you have anything you will need to plug in. I found one at Target for under $10.The beach is very clean. Very little grass-like seaweed. Clear, warm water! The reserving of shaded lounge chairs is annoying as many reviewers have mentioned. We never reserved a chair, but were always able to drag a chair into a shady spot. The beach looks like a postcard! There are a couple of beach bars to keep you hydrated!! We loved the pina colodas! Be sure to order them with rum or you will get the non-alcoholic version! Be aware that many of the European women sunbathe topless.The pool was nice, but we wished it would have been open later. Closes at 7pm which surprised us. It would have been nice to swim after dark.We found the buffets to be great! Our one experience at the a la carte was below average. We really looked forward to the breakfast buffet each morning.Our only problem came at check in. Check-in time is 3pm and not a minute sooner. We arrived at the resort around noon. It was amazingly hot that day and I was not feeling well after the long flight. Francisco at the front desk told us our room would be ready in 30 minutes. We went and ate lunch and took a walk before going back to the desk to see if our room was ready. At that time we were informed that check-in is at 3pm and that is when we could get our room. Just beware if you arrive early. Keep you bathing suit handy and head to the beach.Americans are definately in the minority at this resort. We were excited whenever we met another American couple or English speaking Canadians! Most people seemed to be European. However, this just made the vacation seem that much more excotic! Overall, we had a great vacation. We are already planning on going back in a few years with our kids!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>rosebud8506
<Content>A fun place with some minor drawbacks       beach view  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>BlueLagoon1959
<Content>Great All-inclusive Very Good All-inclusive Resort - you get use of 3 resorts for the price of one. Good value for the money. I give it a 3.0 rating.***********************************************************************The Really Good: Extremely well groomed Resort and Beach, very clean rooms, friendly staff, good food with abundant choices, great atmosphere, the staff at all of the Buffet restaurants treat you like it's A-La-Carte dining. Grand Palladium Staff are outstandingly nice and helpful in every way possible. The passenger train rides through the Resorts are very entertaining and a great way to cool off on hot  humid evenings and meet people, and it comes by every 15 to 20 minutes from 10am to 2am.The Palace pool is stunningly beautiful, relaxing and has a buffet restaurant immediately beside it. The Bavaro pool is lots of fun from 3 to 6 pm. The Bavaro open-air Lobby is a very nice meeting place for evening cocktails.The Hemingways Bar at the Bavaro is air conditionned and is a great place to relax. Has top-box International drinks and is a great place to enjoy hanging-out.Overall, the Grand Palladium is a great place for people of all ages - from little kids to seniors. ********************************************************************The Not-So-Good: Entertainment starts too late - starts at 10pm for Amphitheatre shows and 11pm for Discotheque. After spending all day at the Beach and swimming pools, you're likely going to be too tired to try the shows and Disco. Entertainment should start at 9pm instead of 10pm.The Grand Palladium Beach and swimming pools lack shaded huts compared to the abundance of them at the neighboring Resorts. The beach huts at the beach and around the pools are nearly always pre-reserved at night or early morning with blue hotel towels and most have NO ONE using them nearly all-day long. Note to Fiesta Hotels Management - this Beach and Pool hut reserving practice should be BANNED!!! One guy told me that he was tempted to go after 11pm some night and yank all the towels off the chairs and pile them up. I hope someone actually does this. Maybe then you'll get enough screaming/pissed-off customers to convince you to put a stop to this insane hut-holding practice. Casino is cute but very small, I read somewhere that there were 80 slots, I only saw about 40. Many penny and nickel slots and about 4 quarter slots - some were broken. The machines were fairly loose. Overall the casino is fun and could use more slot machines.The 24hr Sports Bar needs repairs - pool table is trashed, cloth torn , 8 ball missing, only 1 pool cue. Only 2 of the 4 internet computers work and are nearly always busy. Very frustrating waiting to get-on when only 2 of 4 work!Junior Suites are beautifl and very roomy but the hotel room mattresses are the worst...economy at best, extremely low quality spring mattresses...you'll likely hate the beds!!!All in all, good and bad taken into consideration, this a really nice resort for Punta Cana. It has the potentail of a 5 star resort if Fiesta Hotels would put some thought and effort into it.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Schmitty8
<Content>Destination Wedding at Grand Palladium Bavaro!!!       Outside of gazebo  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	2	4	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>PedroTiago
<Content>Great for young people       The hotel beach  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Nanyte
<Content>Overall okay hotel, not what I expected for 4.5 star resort My wife and I vacationed at the bavaro resort for our honeymoon(3rd week of July). The resort itself is beautiful, starting with the lobby and the pink flamingos!Check-in was quick and easy.I have read some complaints about the food but we thought the food was amazing. The a la carte's were okay but the buffet's with their a different theme each night was great! For the a la carte, we booked them our second day there and 3 of them that we had wanted were already booked. The beach is beautiful. White sand, no rocks, very little seaweed, lots of lounge chairs(that is a real issue as some resorts I have been too!) and nice large waves!We were in the deluxe room. The room itself was very nice and roomy. Our mini-fridge did not work. Each time I called, they sent someone who would move it and say it would be okay in an hour. I had to call three times and then they finally got it to work(I think it was plugged in to an outlet that was not working). Our air conditioning was not very good at all. The coolest it got was 25 celcius. We called a few times, they came to look at it and each time said it will be okay in an hour. It seems everything somehow fixes itself in an hour. As we were really in our rooms only at night, it ended up not being too big of a deal.In the room, I don't think they changed the sheets at all. Also, we were never given any clean glasses. The two glasses that were in the room when we got there were the ones we had all week. When we asked for some clean ones, she said none were available. I spoke to another couple and they had clean ones everyday. We ended up taking some plastic ones from the sports bar.We did the Bavaro Runner excursion where they bring you through the town, to a ranch and a farm as well as some horseback ridding. There were 5 of us from our resort that went on the day that we went. They somehow forgot about picking us up. Someone called them and they eventually came. Over an hour late and the driver had to rush so we can catch up with the tour. The ride was very uncomfortable in the jeep. The ride back wasn't as bad as the driver was doing a more reasonable speed.The Casino is small but was fun. Lost $80...My biggest complaint would be the nightly shows. Out of the 7 nights we were there, there were only 5 shows. The shows were not that good compared to other places in the DR and Cuba I have been too, and the bandshell where they are performed is unbearably hot. Overall an okay trip. Really loved the food. Was not impressed with the shows. Very surprised that not one staff member spoke English(or French for that matter).  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	2	4	3	1	

<Author>SnickersDetroitarea
<Content>Great resort, but maybe not for honeymooners We just returned from spending 8 days there and we had a very nice time. First of all, the resort is gorgeous, the grounds are very well maintained, the rooms and facilities are clean and well-kept. The beach is awesome, we took walks on it every day. There are several other resorts along the beach as well.We stayed in a junior suite, which I would highly recommend. The hotel key also controls your room's electricity. You put your key in a slot near the door, and the electricity goes on. Take it out, and it everything goes off in a few minutes. This didn't bother us, as it is merely a way for the hotel to conserve energy.The staff is polite and nice for the most part. However, be aware that most of the staff speaks little to no English so it would be a good idea to brush up on your Spanish before going down. I got much farther with people when I spoke Spanish than when I tried to communicate in English. The only people who speak decent English are some of the front desk people, our Apple Vacations reps and the Animation Team who are a group of people who try and get you to do certain games and activities. We had a jacuzzi in our room and we found that it didn't work. We told the front desk about it, and it was fixed the same day. We even got a call from maintenence asking if we had tried it yet (we hadn't, but it did indeed work). Be aware there are no alarm clocks in the rooms, so bring your own, or use your cell phone like we did. If you get a wake-up call, they'll call you 2-3 times.The food is decent--not excellent, but not bad either. There are several themed restaurants on the property, but if you are staying there 1 week, you can only eat at them 3 times. The rest of the time you have to eat at the buffet, which has a different food theme each night (American, Dominican, Spanish, etc). The Spanish restaurant was our favorite.The hotel offers several activities and we tried an excursion to the Marinarium. This involves taking a 30 minute shuttle ride to a large, catamaran-style boat and snorkeling with about 40-50 other people in a relatively small area in the ocean. Long story short, it was not worth the money at all. The snorkeling wasn't that great. Many people either didn't watch where they were going once in the water or just didn't care, because we were bumped, kicked and pushed by people several times. and the lunch that we were told we'd get on the boat consisted of two pieces of dry stale bread, thinly sliced meat and cheese, ketchup and mustard. In other words, pick a different activity.There are a couple reasons why we would not return to a place like this for a honeymoon. First, there were a lot of kids there. Part of the reason is because we went during the summer when school is out, so it would definitely be different if you go in the winter or fall. Most of the kids were fine, but there were some who were out of control, splashing people at the swim-up bar, playing tag at the buffet during a very busy dinner hour, or throwing temper tantrums while you're trying to relax.Also, there were several very pushy, aggressive Dominicans trying to sell us stuff like scuba diving trips, deep sea fishing, snorkeling, horseback riding trips and so forth. Most of these people are located in a certain area of the beach--if you walk east (right) down the beach, there is an area of beachside shops where these salespeople will stand and bother you while you're walking by. We found this to be extremely irritating (and rude). There is 1-2 nights where vendors will come to the resort and sell stuff like jewelry, art, etc. You have to bargain with these people. I got a pair of $45 earrings for $20. Just be persistent and act like you don't care. If they say no to your price, start walking away. That's what I did.All in all, it's a very nice resort with a great beach. However, if you're looking for quiet, child-free honeymoon (if you're getting married in the summer), this is probably not your place.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	-1	5	3	

<Author>dirtyrottedave
<Content>Insane insane insane!       even tho there chicken legs, the mesquitos found them delicious  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>anon321
<Content>Awesome week !! What an awesome vacation! I simply don't understand what all the petty reviewers have been complaining about ... if you are an easy going individual, have a great travel partner (a trip is really what you make of it anyways), and don't complain about absolutely everything that doesn't go right then you will have an amazing time. Some of the top complaints I read about before going on this trip which made me unncessarily nervous: the staff - all were very pleasant, i imagine some of the very pushy demanding guests were not happy with the service but they also probably don't tip or smile much ... the food - amazing selection... if you can only stomach burgers and fries, well, they have that for you as well, but if you want to try some amazing paella and have enormous selection at every meal then dont' worry about the food at all. Its true that you only receive 3 a la carte restaurant meals per week, but to be honest these were my least favorite meals they just serve you *so* much food that i feel terrible wasting it all, and much preferred the open selection of the buffet. If you are looking for gourmet fine dining then this resort is not for you. People also complained about having to walk too much .. you could stick to your own resort for the week and have nothing to worry about, or you could walk for 10-15 minutes and explore the other two, *or* you can catch the train that comes by and get escorted around. Why are people complaining about things being spread out? It makes it that much more interesting and exciting of a resort !! Exercise is good for you, people! I also read complaints about the european topless sunbathers. Anybody who complains about that needs a life. Considering the types of bathing suits most people were wearing, I think the topless sunbathers were least of your worries as far as the visuals go. I thought I would hate seeing topless women all over the place but if anything it made me even that much more comfortable on the beach knowing that nobody is looking, and nobody cares. It was actually refreshing seeing the female body not sexualized for once.Basically my boyfriend and I spent the week on the beach soaking up the sun, playing in the waves, and drinking from the never ending supply of booze at the beach. It was supposed to have rained all week but we didn't have more than 5 minutes of rain on one evening. The grounds are beautiful -- instead of staying in a typical massive hotel, its laid out in small villas spread widely over the grounds, its like walking through a small town every day, made things visually interesting as the grounds are filled with palm trees, flowers, shrubs, just gorgeous. Bars, pools, and restaurants are all spread about, nothing is more than a 5 minute walk from anything else. I can't say enough about how breathtaking the grounds were. My only complaints, if you want to call them that, are the pool and hte entertainment: the pool, as some said, is indeed dirty and mostly filled with kids who were likely peeing in there so I stayed away (the beach is far more beautiful anyways). The entertainment staff were far too pushy and used peer pressure too often to get people to unwillingly join the activities, and the contests/games/entertianment were really unentertaining so don't count on the nightly shows as anything more than something to do before bed/the disco. Lastly, the one thing that really upset me was seeing the stray cats on the grounds ... they were sickly and skinny and hungry, it really broke my heart to see, as an animal lover, I wish something could be done about those!Aside from this, it was a week in paradise, I'm happy I went to this resort because it was just unbelievably gorgeous and perfect. Make sure to visit the Palladium Punta Cana and Palace resorts, they have gorgeous pools and different buffets to try out, the walk is worth it because its so lush and pretty. Also the couples massage on the beach for 100 dollars/hour is worth it !! Enjoy !  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>NorthCarolinaRooster
<Content>Don't waste your money!!! We have just returned from a trip at the Grand Palladium Bavaro Resort. We were a family of 7 in three jr. suites. The suites were mediocre. One of them had ants in the bathroom. They changed out sheets twice in 9 days. We never had enough towels to shower with. When you call the lobby, no one helps. They hardly speak English, and they seem annoyed if you ask for something.The staff was not friendly. The service at the restaurants leaves something to be desired. Only a couple of waitresses and waiters in the morning at the buffet were nice. We were told that we had 3 hotels to use and to choose meals from. When we went to book our appointments for dinner; we were informed that there were only 3 nights of a la carte. All the rest were buffet. So for 9 days, we had breakfast, lunch and dinner at buffet, except for the 3 dinners. The service at the a la carte was horrendous. They don't explain anything or speak to you. The food was horrible. We've travelled to lots of different places-Jamaica, Florida, Mexico, Bahamas. There was no comparison to any ot them. We must have walked an equivalent of 100 miles to try and get around the resort. Everything was so far away. We were told we would have ocean view. There is no ocean view. You can't even see the beach from the pool. The pool was dirty. There were tiles missing. There were leaves and dirt floating around, and they always had a hose in the pool. They left it in all day. Nothing is air conditioned except the room and the gift shop. There is no room service. The sports bar is a joke. There was junk food, no games to play, 1 pool table with 1 stick and not enough balls. Bring lots of bug repellent because you will be eaten by mosquitoes all night in your room. We were on an Apple Tour which was totally useless. Any time you went to the representative Julia, she said take it up with your travel agent. We arrived on Sunday July 14 and immediately made reservations for dinner. We were told they were almost all booked already, and could'nt get our first reservation until Wednesday. When we went to the 3 dinners, there were always plenty of empty tables. It was such a disappointment. We planned the trip 6 months in advance and spent a lot of money. The only nice thing were the grounds with the palm trees and flamingos. Even the weather was lousy. It rains every day, sometimes all day. I would never recommend this hotel or Punta Cana.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	2	1	2	

<Author>Munchkin86
<Content>Great holiday! I've just got back from a one week stay at the grand palladium with my fionce - we are English and aged 22 and 20 and we had a great time!First impressions were made when we got to the airport and were greeted by sunshine and merengue, the airport was alot prettier than smelly gatwick! We flew with Thomson and they were really good, the flight went quickly which I was suprised at - I wasn't looking forward to 9 hours of confinement. The only downpoint was the screaming brat sat near us; I assumed the Carribean was where couples and respectable families went, not chav families! Check in was brilliant; the bellboys took our luggage and we were greeted with a drink. They gave us the wrong room at first but quickly realised the error and showed us to the correct one; they were very apologetic. The room was lovely - we stayed in a junior suite and it was lovely. It was slightly tired around the edges but we were very impressed as it was quite spacious. A bit annoyed at Thomson though; the welcome meeting was one hour after we got there so we only had a short period of time to go to the beach before the end of the day and the meeting. The meeting was just a hard sell. We did not do any of the animal trips as they just seemed to be cruel and exploitive - you have to be pretty sick to want to walk a tiger around on a lead?!The beach was absoloutely stunning and we spent alot of time in the sea. I have a sensitive stomach though and I found the food at the palladium not good, at the end of the week I just had some rice and chicken at dinner and a couple of chips at lunch, so I didn't risk another upset tummy. This was probably just me though, my boyfriend stuffed himself with the pizzas, hotdogs and drank the rum and he was fine damn it! There are plenty of bars and snacky places to descend on when you feel like it, i loved it on the beach you could just stroll up and get a water or a coke. The buffet is quite samey but there is loads of choice, i wouldn't pay attention to their theme nights though, not very themed at all. Some of the meat was very raw, I would check it before you take a bite. There were also rather a few, 'larger' (as in morbidly obese, not just plump) guests who certainly make sure they are at the front of the food queue, waddling sweating and wheezing their way around the tables which puts you off your dinner a bit but you get used to it - a different culture I suppose, although England is catching on!With tipping, we were initially unsure how to play it. I think in America its the norm to tip frequently, however in Britain its more customary if you feel you have received a good service. We ended up leaving the maid some nice presents instead of a tip, and we gave the bellboys and porters tips. We did not tip the waiting staff at the bars or the buffets. I would say just do what you feel is right!The grounds are very pretty, and I loved the flamingos outside the lobby. We walked everywhere and managed to get lost, alot! On the whole staff are very friendly and you only need to have a basic grasp of Spanish to communicate, which is to be expected in a Spanish speaking country! I found the shops quite good and not too overpriced considering they are a monopoly. The weather wasn't amazing but we were prepared for that so it wasn't too much of a big deal.I have to say though in response to the ignorant comments made regarding Europeans, I understand some of the points made, but surely you can't just dislike someone because they are from another country? Europe is a continent you know, not just the one country! I also assume everyone who is upset at the sight of breasts on the beach and find the human body disrespectful and rude are equally upsetted by MTV and the like, personally I'd rather see the natural, naked form in a non sexual way on the beach than some American fake blonde shoving her wares into my tv screen! Get a grip!On the whole a very relaxing holiday, only tainted slightly by my control freak desire to know the time constantly, which is impossible at the Grand Palladium, and my stomach issues which were possibly not due to the food I ate during my stay. If you are after a beatiful beach and a beatiful, quiet room, then you will have a wonderful time. I was pleasantly suprised that although there are a few children here, they all seemed good as gold, which was nice.Enjoy!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>kseh063007
<Content>Above average resort, had a great time We visited the Grand Palladium Bavaro from July 4 to July 11 for our Honeymoon. Before our review, we'll give you our background. We are both 24 years old and have been to two other all inclusive resorts, one in Mexico, and another resort in the Dominican Republic. We are pretty average people, will eat almost anything, and are not hard to make happy.Check InCheck in was just fine. We arrived about 1:00pm, the receptionist called to see if our room was ready which is wasn't because check in isn't till 3:00pm. The receptionist told us to go have some lunch (a map and directions were provided), come back and then the room should be ready. We did that and and room was good to go.The RoomWe had a romance suite, villa number 27. It was very close to the beach, but no ocean view. No rooms seam to have an ocean view. Our room was very large, king size bed, a couch with sitting room, a huge bathroom with a hot tub, and it also had an outside covered patio with an outdoor shower and hammock. Our outdoor shower didn't work, it needed a clean shower head. The room was clean, HOWEVER there are no clocks in the room, and only one American outlit located behind the TV. We receaved a bottle of rum and a basket of fruit for our honeymoon.The BeachThe beach was very nice. We always could find a place to sit, but spots in the shade were hard to find. There is some seaweed, but it is little stick seaweed, not the smily stuff. We never had a problem with it, there's really not that much. We liked the beach so much that we never went to the pool (we could do that back home). There are some vendors that approach you, if you just tell them no they go away. Not a big deal. The intertainment staff come on the beach in the morning for about 3 hours. If you are trying to relax it's kind of hard to because they play loud music and talk a lot.The FoodWe didn't have any problems with the food. We didn't get sick, and we never left hungry. We went to three a la cart places, Asian, Mexican, and Italian. They were awesome. You can book all your a la carts at once anytime at the desk to the left of the front desk.The People (the biggest downfall) There are A LOT of European people at this resort!!!! This means A LOT of topless women and children running around. We were ok with it at first, but then it just got really annoying (they apparently didn't notice that the majority of the woman had their tops on) I personally found it very disrespectful and rude. There were also a lot of smokers, and not a lot of non-smoking areas. The staff were great, seamed to know more French and German than English, kind of buttered up to them too.OverallOverall we did have a great time. The beach was great, shopping was good, weather was awesome, and the resort was above average. Don't think we would stay here again, just so we could see what else is out there.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	5	3	4	

<Author>trammell
<Content>A week in paradise!       our spot of paradise  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>SJTeacher
<Content>Huge resort, yet Beautiful My husband and I stayed at this beautiful resort with another couple from July 2 to July 6. We had a wonderful time in celebration of our friend's anniversary. Check in was quick and painless. We were even upgraded to a nicer room. Our room was very clean, and the air conditioning worked well. The electrical outlets are very strange, which seemed to fit american standard electrical products with difficulty and propping of other items. The only outlet that I found to be standard was behind the TV. There is NO alarm clock, so bring your own. Bring tip money. You will receive better service. We were mistaken for Canadians because we were friendly and tipped.DO NOT drink the water even to brush your teeth. It has very high levels of chlorine that our bodies are not used to, which makes us sick. The alcohol was all bottom shelf, except for a bar called HEMINGWAY'S. We found this bar on the last night and enjoyed some top shelf alcohol, air conditioning, and american music!The buffet food is good, but my husband became sick the second night after dinner. We attributed it to the food only because he ate a lot of seafood that could have sat out for a long time. he was sick for about 5 days with stomach pains (and in the bathroom). Take immodium with you. All of the buffets serve the same food with the same theme each night. No variety. The next night will have a different theme, but all buffets will serve the same foods. We stayed 4 nights, received one reservation for an a la carte meal. We went to reserve and everything was booked the entire stay.The beach was just breathtaking. The water was like bath water.The vendors in the huts on the beach tried to rip us off when we went looking for souvenirs. Things were cheaper in the gift shops, and you weren't acosted by anyone. You need at LEAST30 SPF sunblock. Bottled water is endless. Drink it all day if you drink alcohol. You won't dehydrate. Our weather was perfect--88-90 each day. It rained at night ,once. If you do not take a trolly around the resort, you will do a lot of walking (good exercise). Take comfortable shoes. The tiles and concrete are all very slippery when wet.. The gym is small and air conditioned but not cool - Cardio equipment, free weights, and nautilus machines available. Entertainment needed some help. It was very repetetive-mostly dancers and spanish music. They are very talented people.Most workers are very pleasant. Not many speak english, nor do many travelers. We met more Europeans than anyone else.Not much entertainment at the pools (4). The best one, by the way, is in the middle of the resort, nearest the beach. We had a wonderful time, especially with another couple, but probably would try another resort if we returned to Punta Cana.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>MEGADAN
<Content>Terrific Vacation       Suckling pig roast on Dominican night  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>563trace
<Content>Poor Layout for a Beach Resort We are a couple in our late 30's. We have traveled to the Dominican Republic 3 times in the past and 10 other all inclusive resorts in the Caribbean and Mexico. So we have experienced alot over the past 10 years, we have a pretty good idea of what makes a good all-inclusive resort and what makes a great all-inclusive resort. We really are not picky people, we rarely have complaints on food, we can always find something to eat, nightly entertainment shows are not real important to us either we are beach people and pool people and we are outside all day and we really cannot stay up past 10:00 pm while on vacation.Here is what we experienced at the Grand Palladium Bavaro, Punta Cana and Palace Resort. We spent time at all of the Palladium resorts while on this vacation so we could give it a fair review. We stayed there a week June 29 - July 6th. We booked a deluxe room with a request close to the beach. Up on check in we were given a room that was not close to the beach, so we asked to change rooms and it took awhile, first we were told that there were no other rooms available, but then all of a sudden they found one in the building right next to the beach, we were told that it was an oceanview room and they wanted $120 more for the room, we said no, then they gave us the room anyway, we get to the room and it was not an oceanview room, we were very happy we did not pay more for this room, it was closer to the ocean but no view of the ocean to be found. The room was a deluxe room with a king size bed, and I must say it was the smallest resort room I have ever had. The area could not have been any bigger than a 11 X 12. plus a bathroom. The room was clean, but nothing great, the room was a bit worse for wear as far as the condition of the walls, some peeling plaster.We got to the resort between 2:30 and 3:00pm, after we got the room situation taken care of we went and found some food at the beach buffet, we sat down to eat and we were then told that the buffet was closing so we needed to hurry up, this was at 3:45 pm. We then walked to the beach to check it out and we were planning on getting a drink and relaxing on the beach, not going to happen at this resort. The entire beach area closes down at 4:00 pm. All 6 bars at the beach closes everday at 4:00pm. No drinks to be found except if you want to leave the beach and walk a football field length to the pool bar for a drink. The lobby bar was twice as far away. That really kills the whole beach thing. Even though there is no food or drinks on or by the beach after 4 pm everyday, you can still hang out at the beach. All of the beach activity and water sports is done at the same time also. The beach is pretty all day, except for the seaweed in the water, and later in the day it all washes to shore and there is alot of seaweed on the beach, maybe that is why they close down the beach at 4pm. We never saw anyone walking around cleaning up the beach, picking up plastic cups, straws or anything, but they did have a lot of trash cans on the beach. Don't get me wrong the beach is very nice, and there were plenty of chairs to be found, we never had a problem, unless we wanted to be in the shade, we never got one in the shade the whole week. But that was OK with us, we wanted a good tan.The pool area is nice at first glance, but you cannot see the beach or ocean no matter how hard you looked. The pool is a long, long way from the beach, we go on beach vacations so we can enjoy the views, there is no view from the pool area. Lots of pretty flowering bushes and trees though. The one and only pool at the Bavaro is actually quite small, I was really disappointed in this pool. The water was very cloudy and there were lots of straws and cups in the water, the pool bar was dirty, I never saw anyone walking around cleaning up the pool area the entire week. Most of the guest took it upon themselves to pick the trash and leaves out of the pool. It was not very inviting. Also, the pool bar stools were missing alot of tiles and that would scratch your bottomside when sitting down, there were pilliars in the pool that were holding up the roof to the pool bar and the pillars were cracked and peeling, not just one of them, but all of them, there were patches of tiles missing off the the pool floor. I cannot tell you how much this pool was a turn off. We thought that maybe the pool filtration system was not working. The pool depths are very deep, anywhere from 6 to 7 feet deep, except in the immediate pool bar area. Kind of a dangerous situation, there was no walking in this pool. Too deep for children unless you are swimming right next to them. I would have to say you do not want to drink too much in this pool you may drown. There were always pleanty of chairs at the pool.The whole reservations for restaurants was a joke. We were supposed to have 2 dinners at the sit down restaurants. We tried to make our reservations the first day we arrived, we were told that all of the restarants were fully booked for the week, my birthday was on July first and we asked for a reservation for at least that night and the hotel tried to talk us into leaving the resort and going out to eat. That did not sit well with us, so we complained to our Apple Rep. at the resort and the next day she said she got us into one of the restaurants at the resort. Here is the funny part, we go to the restaurant that was supposed to have been fully booked, and there were no more than 5 tables seated the entire time we were in the restaurant, and they had at least 30 other tables empty. We noticed that at all the restaurants the rest of the week, although we were stuck at the buffet restaurants, because the others were booked, who were they kidding. I think they were just trying to make everyone eat at the buffets. The only place to get food 24 hours is at the sports bar that is way too far outside of the lobby area away from the rooms and a mile from the beach, and they only serve hot dogs, pizza, popcorn, basically junk food.Our Apple Rep. was really of no use either at this resort, they only have 2 Apple reps for all three resorts, so getting to talk to them was a hassle, we had to wait in line everytime, and they really did not seem to care if we had a problem, they told us to take it up with our travel agent in the states. We booked the ATV trip through our apple rep, and this trip cost us $120.00, this excursion was supposed to take us to a plantation, drive along the beach and stop for a swim at a prestine beach, that is far from what it was. Our ATV excursion was run down 4 wheelers that were about 10 years old, in need of a serious tune up and brakes, they took us to an old abandoned hotel that had garabage all over, took us down a dirt road to a construction site and then drove us past a cement station and then to a beach to swim that had so much coral and rock in it we were afraid to go in. What a rip off, as soon as we got back from this excursion we went right to our Apple Rep, here name was Julie, and she told us that it was too bad we did not enjoy the excursion, we told her we wanted our money back, she told us no, she told us to talk to our travel agent in the states when we get home, so we asked for a reciept so we could prove we paid for the trip and she said she would not give us one. Never again would I book a trip through the Apple reps. The people who are at the resorts sell the excursions cheaper and better excursions as we found out later in the week. But our Apple rep. told us at our wlecome meeting when we arrived not to buy an excursion from anyone else but them because if there was a problem they could not help us. They don't help when you buy it from them anyway. What a rip off.This is a very pretty resort, it is sad that the lay out is so bad, and it is sad that they do not cater to the beach crowd better, since it is a beach resort. The management needs to walk around the resort and see that it is a bit run down by the pool area and they need to have more bars and food areas open longer. The only ones that are open at night are up by the lobby, there is nothing by the beach at night.I would say that if you like a lot of walking, (because the train only runs about every 40 minutes or so, it is supposed to be 20 minutes, but I know better. Who wants to stand around and wait.) then you will enjoy this trip. If you are OK not eating or drinking between 4 and 7 pm then you will like this resort, but for us we will not be returning. I think that the layout of this resort is its biggest downfall.A running joke between my fiance and me was we must be at a weight watchers resort. Because there was no way we were able to over eat or drink at this resort, not to mention the miles and miles we walked just getting from one end to the next.We do have pictures of everything we wrote, I am hoping I can put them on later.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	2	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>Beachlover022
<Content>Wonderful Vacation at the Grand Palladium Bavaro My husband, 2 children, and I just returned from a week at the Grand Palladium Bavaro Resort and Spa. We had a wonderful week there, with few complaints.We booked an Apple Vacation. We flew USA3000 out of Baltimore. The trip was on time and uneventful. The airport in Punta Cana is neat.... giant, open-air thatched hut! Things were marked clearly, and we headed first for our tourist card. You pay $10.00 for each person, and quickly turn it in. Next, we found our luggage, then headed out to find our Apple rep. They are easy to spot with their tropical shirts, and he told us what bus to look for. Having found it quickly, we were off to the resort.The ride to the resort took about 1/2 an hour. There definately is a lot of poverty in the DR. We also saw men standing along the road with rifles in their hands. Not sure what that was all about!!After dropping another family off at their resort, we arrived at ours. From the moment you drive in, it is beautiful! Check-in was quick. We arrived at 12:30. One of our rooms was ready, the other was occupied until 4:30 and then made ready for us at 5:00. We were not sure why, since check out is at noon. We were grateful though to be able to check in early to one room at least, as we were able to change into our bathing suits, and head for lunch and the beach. We reserved 2 Junior Suites, and had requested that they be next to each other. We were pleased that our request was honored. We were right next door to each other in Villa 43. We found this to be a good location.... 2 minutes to the lobby, 4 minutes to the beach, and a train stop at our villa. The rooms were beautiful, and quite large. The bathroom is huge. Both safes in the rooms did not work when we arrived. One was fixed that afternoon, and the other the next morning. Our only complaints for the rooms would be that the room our kids were in had quite a musty odor, which didn't seem to bother them too much, but I would not have liked it. It might be wise to request a room on the second floor to possibly avoid this. The beds were not terribly comfortable, and the pillows were a bit flat, but overall, we were pleased with the rooms. Our maid did a great job in cleaning. We left a dollar or two tip each day. The beach is just picture postcard perfect! The sand is so soft, the water so blue, and there are palms everywhere. As I am an early riser, I did not have a problem reserving a palapa at the beach each day. I would be there by 6:00 AM to watch the sunrise, and was usually the first one there. They do fill up quickly though. The vendors walking the beach are a bit annoying... give them a firm no thank-you, and they move on. The animation team tried hard to involve everyone in beach activities. My daughter and I took salsa and merengue lessons and also did beach aerobics, which was fun.We did go to the Bavaro and the Palace pools. Both were very nice, and the swim-up bar was a fun novelty! The food selection was HUGE... I have never seen so much food. The presentation was beautiful.... lots of carved fruit sculptures. The food is definately different than what we are used to in the US, but most of it was very good. We ate all our breakfasts at La Catedral. The fresh fruit juice bar was excellent! We ate all our lunches at the beach at El Arrecife. Again, lots to choose from. You can always get pizza, a burger or a salad if you can't find anything else. We ate at La Catedral for 5 different themed nights, and booked 2 ala cartes.... Gran Mariachi (very good) and Mare Nostrum (also good). They were a nice change from the noisier buffets. We chose our food carefully, and did not encounter any stomach problems. We enjoyed drinks at Hemmingways and the Lobby Bar. There is a nice selection to choose from. The drinks are fairly weak, but am sure they would make them stronger if you like. The beach bars were a nice feature as well. We took insulated mugs and they were happy to fill those up for us. Drinks in the plastic cups they give you melt almost immediately. We only went to one show. The did a great job of dancing. It was just too hot in there for us, and we were tired at the end of each day, so we didn't go back. They did seem to try very hard to entertain the guests. We booked a snorkeling trip through the Dolin Dive Center near the Royal Suites. It was $25.00 a person for 1 1/2 hour trip. We enjoyed it very much. In addition to snorkeling, Ram贸n took us to a pen where there were sting rays and nurse sharks. Then, he took us to a natural pool about 2 miles down the coastline from our hotel and about 100 yards from the shore, where we stood in crystal clear water up to our waists. It was very beautiful.We did try to play mini golf, but that was quite a disappointment... bad course. We also tried archery, but it was crowded at the time we were there, so didn't stay long. The tennis courts looked nice, and there were other sports to do as well. The gym looked like a decent place to work out.... I did see people in there early in the morning. My husband and son took advantage of the ocean kayaks that were available, and enjoyed the experience. The grounds at the Bavaro section are just gorgeous! The gardeners work so hard to maintain it all. I preferred the Bavaro section to the Punta Cana or Palace.... we spent the majority of our time at the Bavaro section. The train is a great way to get around and get your bearings. We enjoyed just riding it to see all the sights!We were pleased with the staff. They worked hard to make our stay enjoyable. The languge barrier can be a bit of an issue. Our kids speak some Spanish, so we were able to get by for the most part. They eventually figure out what you need! We had a great waiter at La Catedral named Raphael.... he was so nice and attentive to us! We looked forward to seeing him each day!We did tip our maid, and waitstaff. They truly seemed to appreciate this.... it is just a few dollars here and there for us, but a lot for them.There is a lot of topless bathing there, so if that is an issue for you, this might not be the place for you. Americans are definately in the minority, but it wasn't a problem for us. All in all, it was a wonderful time for us. We would definately recommend the Grand Palladium Bavaro Resort and Spa!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TorontoOne
<Content>Grand Palladium Bavaro Resort        One morning of heavy rain by the pool - VERY refreshing!!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>LoveToGo26
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful - As close to heaven you can get!       Barefoot Worker Up Coconut Tree  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>badabang
<Content>Not recommended to family with children We booked 2 contigous junior suite because we have 4 young children. When we arrived we do have 2 rooms but not in the same building. The Clerk at the reception is pretty arrogant, his attitude is that you had no choice......First night of our arrival, 2 of my kids had food poisoning.Fortunately we brought lot of peptobismol and immodium.We are a family with 4 children from Montreal, Canada. Bought an all inclusive one week (June 22-June 29) with three dinner a la carte. Mychildren over 10 years old could not be admitted because they don't wear long pant. This is never advertise or publicize in any brochure except in front of each restaurant with a little notice.Don't come here unless you can speak spanish. I noticed that employees that do not speak english are somehow nicer than employee that speak english. They have a lot of German tourists. They act as if they owned the beach. I saw an incident between a young french canadian couple and the german gang. They just tossed out the belonging of the young couple because they installed within the german zoneIt is true that you have to wake up at 6a.m. in order to reserve yourhut. Be careful, because on our last day, after installing our towels, we went for breakfast for 30 minutes, on our return, we foundother people at our hut. After explaining they accept to leave and welost two towels.The food is mediocre, The beds are so soft that you can feel the springs. Wonder if they used recycle mattress.In resume don't choose ANY resort belonging to the Fiesta Hotel Group. They just change the name to Grand Palladium in order to lure international tourist but sadly they are not up to the standard.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	2	1	

<Author>bridget2086
<Content>Great atmosphere, beach and service My husband and I planned our honeymoon at this resort (June 24-28, 2007). We were very pleased with the service we received from Apple Vacations (the travel agency we used), as well as the resort staff. The resort is breathetaking and very well kept. The rooms are also nice and clean. We got just a standard room and we were quite comfortable. It was never too crowded on the beach and there were always enough chairs for anyone who wanted one. There weren't many people who spoke English, which somehow made the place seem more secluded..if that makes any sense...? I would suggest taking a spanish phrase book along with you, as most of the staff speak Spanish and only a little English. (They usually know enough to get you what you need, however you can tell they appreciate it when you make the effort to speak Spanish.) The only drawback about this resort would be the food. We only ate at the buffetts and the Sports Bar and they weren't anything to brag about. I ended up getting a little sick the night before we left, but nothing a little Pepto couldn't take care of - just stomach issues. (Don't drink tap water!) The staff, however, is amazing and will do anything to keep you happy. We went on the snorkeling excursion and had a really good time. Once again, the staff was so energetic and friendly. Even if you do an all-inclusive trip, I would suggest tipping anyway. I felt the people working for the resort really deserved it and it's not a very wealthy country to begin with. I left $5 for our maid the night before we left with a thank you note, and you could tell she really appreciated it by taking extra good care of us the next day. Just think that a dollar to them probably means a lot more to them than it does to us (in the US). Overall, a great place to honeymoon (if you don't mind kids being there and topless women on the beach!)...just make sure you pack some snacks incase you don't like the food. I don't think the food problem should keep anyone from going to this resort. Feel free to email me with any questions you may have at BridgetLeitman@gmail.com. Enjoy your trip, if you decide to go!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Trippers1908
<Content>Paradise in Punta Cana Mr.  Mrs. Lockley---- Houston, Texas USAMy husband and I as well as, another couple vacationed at the Grand Palladium Bavaro Resort  Spa from June 14, 2007 to June 19, 2007 and had a magnificent time. Our only down fall was that we booked through Expedia and once we arrived at the resort we didn't have booked room reservation. However, we presented our itineraries and that issue was taken care of quickly and we were assigned two rooms.All of the staff were friendly and the common sayings were Hola (Hello) and Gracias (Thank You). The majority of the staff spoke Spanish, but there was normally someone around that spoke English so the language barrier wasn't a big issue.The resort is large because there are three resorts in one, but there is a train/trolley that you can take around the properties and when you check in you are also given a map of the resorts which makes it easy to locate everything.The food is in abundance and there is alot of food to choose from at the buffet restaurants and at the a la carte reservation only restaurants even if you are a picky eater or someone with a sensitive stomach as myself. Make sure you make your reservations for the a la carte restaurants upon arrival to guarentee that you will be able to dine there. It is not recommended that you drink or brush your teeth with the water, but bottled water is always available at the restaurants and in the mini fridge in your room. The only thing I suggest is that you check the seal when you get your bottled water to make sure that it hasn't been broken because we didn't notice at first that some of the seals were broken when we received our water, but we quickly started checking all of the water before we drank it.There is a casino at the resort, but it isn't Las Vegas or Reno so don't worry about winning big bucks there. You may spend big bucks, but the winnings will be slim. I would say it's for entertainment purposes only.There is nightly entertainment at the resort and the Michael Jackson show is a must see. The theater is relatively hot so don't come decked out because you will be sweaty by the time the show is over.The facilities are beautiful and maintained very well, the pools are clean and they all have swim up bars. The beach is nice and the water is a beautiful blue color with little waves. The resort doesn't provide floaters so you may want to purchase your own to bring for the pool and for the beach. There were a few natives selling items on the beach, but they were not a nuisance. Also, there is a market within walking distance on the beach for souveniers and they have good buys that you can bargain for. Never take the first price when trying to purchase things because they will always come down tremendously on the price if you walk away.The resort also has a gym and a spa on property, but if you want to sit in the sauna you must make a reservation.Our room was nice with a jacuzzi tub, but it had a musty smell when we arrived, but I always travel with Febreeze so that eliminated the odor quickly. The rooms are cleaned every day once you put the plackard on the door knob and we also tipped the house keeper because she always did a good job of cleaning. The majority of the guest are Europeans, but that didn't pose a problem for us. However, on the beach and at the pool European women are often topless and small children may not have on swimming suits or swimming trunks. It's there culture so it has to be tolerated if vacationing at the Grand Palladium Bavaro.Overall, we enjoyed our trip and we will definitely return.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>newlyweds63
<Content>Perfect honeymoon! My husband and I just returned for the Grand Palladium Baravro after staying their for our honeymoon from June 10th through June 16th. It was just an amazing vacation! We had a romance suit and it was totally worth the extra money! There was a huge canopy bed, a large Jacuzzi perfect for two people and the outdoor shower with the hammock was just wonderful after a day on the beach! Plus, we were right on the beach and a very short walk to get food. The beaches are so nice! You just feel like you are in a dream! We spent hours in the ocean and on the beach everyday! The drinks were pretty good! The pina coladas are what we drank all week! Some of the other drinks they make aren't so hot- but your sure to find at least one you'll love. The beer is quite good as well. We thought the food was excellent! We ate at all of the buffets and had 2 a la carte meals. We ate at el arricefe(seafood and steak) and cantina mariachi(Mexican). At both of these meals they had a trio of musicians that sang to each table. They were very good and very kind- we always tipped them well and they seemed to appreciate it. Both meals were excellent. The buffets were great- I especially liked el arricefe for their lunch buffet (opens at noon- others not until 1:00). I didn't care for the breakfast at the Cathedral- I found the food a little bizarre (fried cheese and mashed potatoes for breakfast?) but they always had wonderful fresh fruit and juices as well as French toast and pancakes- which were very good. We missed breakfast a few times, but there is always food at the Sports Bar. Also, you can get an ice cream cone a the sports bar at any time. We took the excursion to the marinarium. This was really nice. We got to snorkel with the sharks and sting rays as well as over the coral reef. Make sure you bring an underwater camera! They charge $40.00 at the gift shop for one and $31.00 on the tour for a camera. The only complaint I have of the tour is that you only spend about 1 hour snorkeling. One hour is then spent in travel and 3 hours are spent partying. this was fun, and they do a really great job, but we would have liked to snorkel for at least half of the time. the trip cost about $75.00 a person and left every morning at 8:20 and then another in the afternoon. We booked through the Apple guide at the resort- Alfredo. The service was very good overall. It was a little strange being among the only people there who spoke English- however, we never had a problem communicating with the staff. one concern: Every day we tipped the maid VERY well. We would always leave her a small silk sack filled with personal items, jewelry, candy, a note thanking her and a few dollars in cash. We hoped our room would be cleaned well everyday. This was not the case. Some days she would only collect our dirty towels and not give us fresh ones. It was like every day she would only clean or remember to do one task in our room. By the end of the week, we started only leave her a dollar or two because we were so disappointed. When we did this, the service actually improved! So I'm not sure what the deal was with that- but it was certainly not a major issue! Overall, great trip! Highly recommended. Few last tips:Bring everything you might need and extra(shampoo, toothpaste, sunscreen) as they are outrageously expensive at the gift shop! Examples: toothbrush $14; sunscreen $20+, small bag of sun chips $7.00!There is only one American outlet in the room- you have to pull out the TV stand to get to it. Take the trolley when you first get there as the resort is very large- that way you will see everything before you start choosing places to go. At the airport we tipped on of the apple vacations bell boys and in return we were on the bus almost a half hour before anyone else as he got us to the front of the lines. Must put in reservations for a la cart right away upon arrival or will get a weird one.Brush your teeth with bottled water- in mini fridge or at any of the bars and restaurantsTo get fridge restocked, put a tip(we put $1.00 a day) in the fridge and a note in Spanish asking for only the items you use. Then he will restock everyday rather then every other.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>robras
<Content>Awesome My wife and I stayed at the resort from May 28 thru June 8. From the moment we landed we were impressed. For some reason I was expecting the airport to be small, dark, and dirty. However, the airport was beautiful, and everything went smoothly. We booked thru Expedia with the hotel transfers. The van was waiting for us and off we went. We were the second of four stops, and after about 30 minutes we were at the hotel. The ride was entertainment in itself as we almost ran over a few folks on scooters, and narrowly missed sideswiping a few other vehicles.As we arrived at the lobby, we were once again impressed. It was beautiful. Check in was smooth and fast. We got lucky and got a second floor room (deluxe) in Building 30 with an ocean view. In addition, it was right next to one of the 鈥渢rain鈥?stops, so my wife was happy she didn鈥檛 have to walk very far for anything. We didn鈥檛 know it at the time of booking, but this was off season and one of the 鈥渢rains鈥?was out of service for maintenance. Even so, the train was pretty regular at around 20 minutes.The first week it rained almost everyday, but sometimes for only 30 minutes. However, when it rains, it pours. I enjoy the rain, so it mostly didn鈥檛 bother me. The only effect was that the entire resort is very slippery. All the floors are marble, and even the wooden walkways and stone pathways were very slippery. I slipped and fell the first night, but luckily no harm was done. If this resort were in the USA, it would be a personal injury lawyers dream.All food and drinks were excellent. We tipped most everyone, but I didn鈥檛 see many others doing so. It appeared that the service was excellent whether you were tipping or not. As mentioned above, this was off season and some of the restaurants and entertainment were closed. However, we never had to wait for anything, and the place wasn鈥檛 crowded at all. They gave us 3 ala-carts but we asked for a fourth and they gave it to us. We had no difficulty in making reservations and always got the day and time we wanted. In fact, the ala-carts were more than half empty each time we went. They were a great break from the buffets. I thought the Mexican was the best, but my wife like the Spanish. In the Seafood restaurant, I ordered the steak and the lobster ($31). They were great. The Italian restaurant was our least favorite.Casino 鈥?Bwaa ha ha ha ha ha. Always empty. Very limited choice of games. $10 minimum. Doesn鈥檛 even sound like a casino. The best part about it is the CASINO sign out front.I highly recommend the Limon Lagoon VIP tour. I thought I had my moneys worth just by the bus ride and trip to the top of the mountain. Throw in the rum drinks, cock fight, langostine lobsters, Cigar rolling, horseback riding on the beach, secluded beach swimming and the lagoon boat ride and it was a real bargain.For shopping, if you don鈥檛 want to walk, take the 鈥渢rain鈥?to the royal suites lobby, and you can walk next door to the shops. Behind the shops on the beach is a little city. We found that the better prices were in the shops that were not on the beach.Return thru the airport went smooth and the wait was comfortable. The only snag was that when you first arrive, one of the airport personnel were pretty adamant to know if you had any mamajuana (a Dominican local drink). My wife had bought two bottles for gifts, and when we showed him, he damaged the packages. We didn鈥檛 notice at the time that he also broke the seals, therefore, half of each bottle leaked out before we got home. Make sure you check it before you put it back in your bags.All in all, it was a great trip, and a great value.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Munichchick
<Content>Very nice vacation at Grand Palladium Bavaro I was reading all the reviews before we decided on a resort and awaiting our trip and wanted to say Thank You to everyone that writes reviews here! It is very helpful. Since there are so many well written reports already on this resort I will keep in short. We booked through Expedia including the Hotelbeds transfer to/from resort and everything worked out perfect. We even got exactly the building and deluxe room we had requested. Building 59 which is right in front of the beach near the Arecifes restaurant and a beach hut bar. We had a nice view of the beach and ocean and everything was fine with the room but it was not luxury. Bathroom was on the small side w/ one sink, toilet and jetted one person tub shower combo which made it a small shower. It was like a Holiday Inn room and comfortable but nothing special. When our neighbors checked out of their junior suite with even a better view we were able to upgrade and move over for an extra $20 per night. The suite was much bigger and the bathroom was 3x times bigger with separate shower, large jacuzzi bathtub, toilet stall and double sink area and 2 windows with ocean views. And this suite had an even more amazing ocean/beach view. We where very happy there. Food was mostly good and so were the drinks. The beach was postcard perfect and goes for miles, the ocean warm and turquois. The staff friendly and truly appreciated our tips. They work very hard and deserve it. The grounds and gardens are just so beautiful, very well kept and tons of tall coco palms and lots of flowers. It was a joy to walk from our room to the restaurants, pools and Lobby. The lobby was done in a Taino style and water features, very pretty and a nice place to hang out after dinner with life music. Disco was fun. We also spent some time at the Punta Cana section which was also nice and the Palace section we did not like the lobby there as it looked like something from the 80's and tacky. We liked the Bavaro section the best. We really liked our stay at this resort. 70% of guest were German, 15% Spanish and the rest is a mixture. I would say there is about 1% American and we met 2 very nice couples from Houston and a couple from New York. No problem with the other guests. Everyone seemed happy there. A couple words of warning. Even so I was aware that the marble floors can be very slippery and being very careful I fell pretty hard at the bottom of the stairs of our building. It had rained hard and there was lots of water. That made the floor like ice. I still have a bruise to show. So please be careful. Also our room key card did not work a couple times and I had to walk back to the lobby in the middle of the night in rain. Here is what we learned from the front desk - Do not put the key card near any electronic equipment like digital camera or a magnet clasp in your purse! And this is exactly what I had done. The bell boys were great and drove us back to the room 2 different times and were very sweet. The tip probably helped after the first ride. The little train was a good way to get around as well. We did 2 all day tours as we wanted to see a lot of the Island away from the resorts. We did the Saona Island Tour which we enjoyed and the Limon Lagoon VIP tour wich was great! Awesome way to meet some locals, learn something about their culture and way of life and beautiful pristine nature. The beach next to the Limon Lagoon is the so pristine and amazing. Nature pure. It's well worth to see the Island as it is beautiful. And we are comparing with Costa Rica, Belize, Riviera Maya, Barbardos and St. Lucia. We would visit Punta Cana and this resort again. Yikes- Did I say I was keeping the report short?  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>elegance101
<Content>I absolutely loved this resort, i will definitely be returning in the future.       The beach  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>ninamelie07
<Content>The heaven on Earth!         
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Yves_MarieClaude
<Content>Great resort in Punta Cana We stayed at the Bavaro section from may 20 to may 27. We based our choice using the reviews on this website, and we were not disapointed. The hotel is really nice, the grounds are really clean and well maintained. Our room was a junior suite. Upon arrival, we were not given our free honeymooner gift, so when we went back to the lobby, we told the staff at the reception, and they sent someone rightaway.Our shower head was spraying water everywhere due to a faulty seal. Again, we left a note in our room one morning before heading to the beach, and when we got back, the shower head had been replaced.The food was very good, with a different theme every day of the week. For that reason, we decided not to book a la carte, to keep the flexibility of eating when we wanded. We saw flies a few time around the food, but since I often go camping, I know a fly touching a piece of bread is not a gread deal...The pools are very clean, the beach is wonderfull, but be prepared to reserve a chair early if you like a little shade (before 6:00 am). The animation team works very hard each day to entertain you.Pros : Nice room, gread food, lots of space everywhere, 4 pools, huge beach, good drink selection at the lobbysCons : Limited drink choice at the beach, poor kids club, annoying vendors at the beach AND around the resort's pools.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SunBum122
<Content>Highly recommended We just got back from our stay at the Palladium and it was wonderful. The hotel grounds are enormous, clean, clean, clean. We could not say enough how clean the entire place is. There are 3 hotels in 1 resort grounds. You share with all 3. There are 3 pools, many resturaunts, 2 entertainment facilities, a train that takes you around the property. It runs every 15 minutes or so at little train stops. The food was very good, so much to choose from. There was a different theme each night. The 4 of us were completely satisfied each day with our choices. One of us is a vegitarian and her selections were big. The rooms were nice and clean. We were there May 14-21st and we had no problem getting seats at a tiki at the pool by 9am each day. The beach was more difficult, but who doesn't was a tiki on the beach but we found shade under a palm tree every day until a tiki opened up. The pool towels were big and fluffy. the only thing is (same at every resort) if you loose it they charge you $15.00 but who looses a giant beach towel??? The drinks were good, order them with mucho rum or mucho tequilla and you'll get it! We are tippers no matter where we go and we tipped the waitress and servers at all our meals. These people make allot less money than we do and $2.00 for 4 drinks is nothing compared to what is expected from servers here in the US. Our reservation dinners we left $10 b/c the sevice is sharp. The Michael Jackson show is not to be missed. It was GREAT!! We did a excursion of mini speed boats...what a hoot! You have to try it, they take you boating in your own personal mini speed boat that you get to drive then you go snokeling for 45 minutes then hop back in your boat to hear back, which is about 25 minutes along the coast line. We loved it and had so much fun. We also went on the Seal Lion Swim. FYI...there is not an option to buy a picture you have to pruchase a DVD which you can then pull photos off of. We were dissappointed with the fact that we only wanted a $10 photo and they wanted us to buy the DVD for $30 so we passed on that but we have nice memories of a adventure with seal lions that give you giant kisses! The excursion was fun and worth doing but again, you can't just buy  a picture like you can at all the other excursions. Overall, we had a really nice time and would HIGHLY recommend the hotel for your vacation. It's humid down there so hair clips were a must. Plus we want to say that the entertainment team was nice, energetic, fun and cool to be buddies with all week. PS - remember to barter with vendors at the resort and the ones at the flea market on the beach. START AT 1/2 and work down to 1/3, 99% of the time they'll give in and you get your treasure. CLEAN CLEAN CLEAN....the hotel is clean!! PSS - remember that you are going to another country with the way they cook, how they cook, the AMOUNT of food you eat tends to make people say they were sick.....EAT less and you'll be fine. They give you bottle water everywhere just DO NOT drink out of the spickets. Brushing your teeth is fine but DO NOT drink out of the spickets. They provide water, soda and beer in your room. None of us had 1 problem with our stomachs all week, we were good. We will go back in a couple years for sure. If you have any questions feel free to contact me. Adios!! PSSS - the monkeys, Mickey  Nino are adorable and you have to get a photo with them.  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AuditorChandler
<Content>Great Honeymoon Vacation Our Honeymoon was 8 days in Punta Cana, Grand Palladium Bavaro Resort  Spa. If you like Beach vacations this is definitely a trip you should take. We spent everyday on the beach; sleeping, swimming, sunbathing, drinking or participating in the fun activities the staff prepared. We recommend that if you have a full day to take the Safari Tour. You'll visit a family, take a bumpy ride, see how cigars are made, see coffee, cocoa beans, sugar cane in there natrural state. Don't forget to bring little gifts and candy for the children. If you haven't done it yet we would recommend that you go Parasailing The weather was quite humid but bearable. It took me a day to get used to the fact that I was going to be sweaty and sticky during my stay. Once I reassured myself that I'd be okay with that, all was good.The staff was outstanding. We left money and gifts for housekeeping. Please make sure to tip the staff (servers, bartenders, bell boys, etc) Before we left we read the reviews, it mentioned that people should tip, since the staff nearly makes $200 a month. I didn't see anyone tipping but us during the trip. Come on Europeans...you seemed like you were taking advance of the food and drinks the most...spare a few bucks for the staff.And be happy to do it.Enjoy your trip!  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SunbakedNewBrunswick
<Content>Amazing! My husband and I stayed here for his leave from Afghanistan and we had an absolutely amazing experience!!! It was the first time either of us had gone on a palm tree vacation and this resort completely exceeded our expectations.Our room was immaculate everyday and the food was fabulous.We were never bored.The staff were awesome and went out of their way to make you feel welcome.The grounds were beautifully groomed by the hardworking gardners. If one leaf feel on the grass, it was raked up right away.It rained a couple of times but just hanging out in the lobby bar having fun with the bartenders was a great day to pass the time.We did a couple of excursions outside the resort and they were worth every pennyI would definitely stay at this resort again and would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>clkpbuckeyes
<Content>Beautiful Resort!       secluded beach on outback safari  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Resortaddic
<Content>Great resort My wile and at stayed at the Grand Palledium Bavaro from March 22nd to March 29th 2007, and I have to say it was an exceptional experience. This was our first time to this resort in Punta Cana, we've been to others rated 5 stars and they did not compare the quality of the Grand Palladium. The flight with Air Transat there was a bit cramped, however the service on the plane was great and very friendly flight attendants . If you are looking for a resort with great food and beaches this is the place to stay, one word of advise, if you are looking for a hut on the beach I suggest you get up early between 5:00 and 6:00am to reserve one with your towels on the lounge chairs, don't use the beach towels supplied by the resort, bring one from home because if you lose your towel it's not a big loss, if you lose the ones provided by the resort, there is replacement value of 20.00 US per towel. getting back to the food, the buffet at the Cathedral restaurant is awesom, if your a picky eater, don't matter, there is definitly a choice for all taste, I enjoyed the buffet better then the A La Carte. The service at the hotel from the porters to the waitress and waiters, to the ground keepers, front desk etc... are the best my wife and I experienced. I highly recommend this resort and we will definitly go back, one more thing, go on the excursion with the bavaro runners and ask to be with Eddy the tour guide, he knows the culture and keeps things interesting and Fun.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>shelbyroxx
<Content>Grand Palladium Bavaro, beyond my expectations!       romantic suite  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Graham58
<Content>Very Good But !!! My wife three kids and I stayed at this complex for 2 weeks. The hotel grounds were kept immaculate and there was no litter to be found anywhere. This included cigarette butts. All the pools were well looked after and maintained. The complex is one of three so there is plenty of grounds and space with a train to get you from A-to-B. The rooms were very good as well with nice friendly room/cleaning staff. The beach, well this was the selling point for me, beautiful white powdery sand probably one of the best in the Dominican. This is my 5th visit to the DR and I have stayed all over the island. Two problems though! A lot of the staff we found very miserable, it was as if they could not be bothered, however on the other hand there was some very nice friendly staff. But overall we found 70% of the staff in restaurants very moody indeed. It was as if they resented serving you with food and drinks. The other and final problem was the food. A lot of the meat, chicken etc was either not cooked or very much under cooked. This could have caused a serious health hazard. We ended up leaving platefuls of meat because it was just not cooked through enough. In fact we felt embarrassed leaving it. We did explain to several staff the reasons why but this was never taken seriously. I would certainly go back to Bavaro but most probably try another hotel for the two points mentioned.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>torontotraveler07
<Content>Will Not Stay Here Again!! We chose the Grande Palladium Bavaro based on reviews on this site. Upon return, I was shockingly surprised how many travelers liked this resort.To give credit where credit is due I will start with the PRO鈥橲Servers in restaurants were friendly and service was quick. Maid service was excellent. Only complaint is that the maids work until 5pm which means your room could potentially be the last to be cleaned late in the dayGrounds were very well maintained. Entertainment group was fun.CON鈥橲Rained 2 FULL days of 7 and at least once on all other days so a lot of running back and forth to our room from beach and pool. Firstly we were placed in a spare room because the Bavaro resort was full. This room was far from the beach.Leakage after rain pour into our room and we had to use our own room towels to clean it up. No one came until morning.Leakage from shower onto bathroom floor.When we requested a second floor room, the employee at the front desk remarked that he also wanted a second floor with balcony. He told us to return the next day.We returned to the front desk the next day and were supposedly placed on a list to change rooms and told it would happen the following day. We returned the next day and were not on the list. We had to pull teeth to change our room.No hot water. Don鈥檛 bother using the jaccuzi unless you like it luke warmBugs (not sure what they鈥檙e called but are very tiny and are everywhere in the hotel room, including the bed)Food was not great as most reviews have stated. Hard to find something to eat. Meats made before you on the grill were fatty and tasted gamey. Desserts were horrible.You needed a power saw to cut through the steak at the A La CartesMale staff were inappropriately forward with female guest including myself and my friend. I personally was touched inappropriately by one male and another tried to kiss me.Bar service was slow and the bar servers made you feel obligated to tip to get service. Hotel is very large with different hotels on the property. Okay if you don鈥檛 mind walking but restaurants, bars, pools and shops are not easily accessible. There is a train that travels around the resort and they say it comes every 10 mins. but twice waited in excess of 25 minutes.We were bothered constantly by the solicitors on the beach trying to sell us something.Staff at the Punta Cana airport were rude and arrogant to travelers if they inquired about something. Do not eat at the Wendy's if you fly into the Punta Cana airport.Any questions, do not hesitate to ask.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AzzurroMontreal
<Content>Would return in a heart beat! My friend and I had a great time at this resort. It was clean, beautiful, and staff was very friendly. Animation team was super, kept us busy even when it rained 3 afternoons. Beach was beautiful, it's a strip about 1km long. And very close to the beach market for souvenir shopping. Resort is very big, it contains 4 sections. You can go to 3 out of 4. Even has a train which brings you from one resort to the other. Takes about 20 minutes to visit all. Shows at night were great. It has 2 theaters you can choose from. Food was average, buffet were very repetitive.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Labattb
<Content>Beautiful Resort with Wonderful Staff Grand Palladium Bavaro Resort and Spa 鈥?Punta CanaMy wife and I went to the Grand Palladium Bavaro Resort and Spa from April 9th to April 16th, 2007. We traveled with two other couples. We had 7 days of Sunny hot weather which made for a great vacation. This was a wonderful spot and I would recommend it to anyone.Travel 鈥?Our trip was run by Transat Holidays and we flew on West Jet. The West Jet folks were great. The cabin crew was very entertaining the whole way. There was no shortage of jokes and silliness on the flight down and on the flight back. This was very refreshing compared to most airlines which the crew is very somber and serious all the time. We had some friends that went to a neighboring resort at the same time and they flew with Can Jet. They made an unscheduled stop in the Bahamas for fuel which greatly delayed their trip. Can Jet did the same thing to us when we went to Cuba 2 years ago. They must get cheaper fuel in the Bahamas. They should make sure their passengers know in advance that they will be sitting on the runway in Nassau for a couple hours waiting to refuel before heading to their destination. After our Cuba trip 2 years ago we renamed them to Can鈥檛 Jet.Reception 鈥?br/>When we landed at the Punta Cana airport we were directed by a Transit Rep to our bus which took us to the resort. The ride wasn鈥檛 too long, maybe 30 minutes. There was some road construction that we had to go around. Check in went smoothly and the folks at the desk were able to put all three couples close together. 2 couples in one building and the other in a neighboring building. Room 鈥?br/>We had the deluxe room which was very nice. It was clean, well kept, and in very good condition. One of the couples had a Junior Suite which had a sitting area (sofa) in it and a larger bathroom with a large tub. It was very nice. I may consider spending a little more next time for the upgrade.Staff 鈥?The staff was wonderful. Always smiling and willing to help. The POP team (People of Palladium) were great. They worked hard to get people involved in activities at the beach, pool, and in the shows in the evening. I can鈥檛 believe the energy these young folks had. They worked from dawn till the late hours at the disco trying to keep everyone happy and involved, always smiling and energetic the whole time.Food 鈥?There were two main buffets on the Resort and Spa side that we used most often. The food was always good and there is no reason anyone should go hungry as there is a huge selection to choose from. You also had the option of dining in the neighboring resort because it is also a Grand Palladium (Fiesta Hotel) but we only ventured over there for our a al carte meals.The a la carte dinners were a nice change from the hustle and bustle of the buffet. It was very relaxing and quiet. The only trade of is you don鈥檛 have the wide variety of foods to pick from when you dine a la carte. But if you don鈥檛 find something there you like you can always go to the sports bar later for burgers, fries, pizza, natchos or a BLT. The sports bar was open 24hrs so you could satisfy those late night munchies (or thirst) at any time.Activities 鈥?We didn鈥檛 do any organized excursions because of the extra costs involved but we did visit some shopping areas. I don鈥檛 like the haggling much but my wife did a good job and got some jewelry and a couple cheap bottles of Brugal Ron for us. There is shopping on the resort as well and there is no haggling there. We bought a nice painting there to and in our Caribbean themed family room at home.At the beach and poolside there were activities like aerobics, dance lessons, water polo, and a beer drinking contest.The nightly shows were very entertaining. There were a few with audience participation which my group always seemed to get involved in. We were known as the Punta Canadians by the time we left. There were a few musical and dance show as well. The performers were very talented and put on a good show.After the show people would move to the disco for an evening of dancing which lasted well into the early am. There was a lot of Latin dance mix music so don鈥檛 go here expecting to hear music from the MTV or Much Music countdown. Again the service and staff were great. The POP team was always busy looking for anyone who looked bored and dragging them up on the dance floor.Beach/Grounds 鈥?The beach was beautiful. My wife and I are beach bums so this was the best part. There is beautiful white sand, palms, and gentle warm breezes. Shade is important, we had to depend on the palm trees for that because the little huts are always taken too early in the morning. We didn鈥檛 like to wake up too early so we just used the trees for shade. The grounds and gardens were immaculate. Everything was in blossom so the colors were amazing. They did a wonderful job taking care of the place.All in all it was an awesome trip. When we booked the trip online it said it was a 4 star. I would have to say it was probably a 5.Below are links to video clips and a photo slide show on youtube.Video Clipshttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mooHeCAHIZw http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=91Zaq--5Dsc http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rx93s1-sTmE http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MOplpfA4E-g http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hSHRd2_NVPQ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_f1HytKk20 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7XCTiZsPqhE http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VshkbUlt9qQ Photo Slide Showhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hsym7spFcHA Darren and Bernadette, New Brunswick, Canada  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>frankschwoopti
<Content>I had a great time but could have used these tips....... We had an awesome time. So relaxing. Beautiful beach. Gorgeous grounds. Nice room. Friendly staff. Here's what I wish I knew before I went:-Tourist Visas. When you arrive at the airport terminal, head straight for a counter that says Tourist Visa and buy a $10 card for each guest. It's a government tax card you will need to get into the country. Buy this BEFORE you line up for customs. It's required. -Hotel Shop. Everything in the store at the hotel is way overpriced so if you need anything basic, you are really in trouble. Sunscreen was $26!! Do yourself a favor and pack more than enough sunscreen (the sun is very very strong). -First Aid. Bring medications, band-aids, neosporin, immodium, pepto, etc. You are coming to a third world country and the hotel has no first-aid kit or free medications - not even aspirin. Be prepared for possible stomach ailments due to (I believe) adjusting to new cuisines. My boyfriend had a little bug for about a day and a half. I was fine. Don't panic but it's a possibility.-Excursions. Don't overpay. I met people who were offered a snorkeling trip for $78 each. My boyfriend and I went to the Dolin Dive center (right near the beach next to the gym/spa) and paid $25 for a nice 1.5 hour excursion to the same place these guys were going. -Beach chairs. There are not enough of them. It's annoying but play the game. Get to the beach at 6am, put your towels down and go back to bed. When you come back they will be there. Or you could put them out the night before. Everyone does it. It's not worth it to fight with some stranger on vacation.-The Europeans. I think they just aren't that friendly because they don't know how to address you. There are several languages spoken here so I found saying Hola! no matter where someone was from elicited a smile. -Spanish. I'd like to address the Americans who come to a Spanish speaking country and are surprised that the staff doesn't speak English. Please represent the States with a little more class and adjust to your surroundings. Most staff know just enough to get by and it's not rocket science for one to say Yo quiero agua, por favor. Get a Spanish for travelers book and make the effort. It's appreciated.-Tips. Bring $100 worth of singles and keep some in your pockets. The staff is very appreciative and it helps if you need something special. Besides these people have nothing and they bust their butts to keep tables clean and drinks flowing.-Other than that, take a lot of pictures to make your friends jealous and have a blast. If you have any questions, you can email me via this website. Buenos Dias!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>csu204
<Content>Great Vacation My wife and I booked a trip through Expedia for a week at the Grand Palladium Bavaro resort. We had an absolute blast, a great vacation. Through Expedia, we made sure to purchase the transfers from the airport to the hotel, it came in very handy. When we arrived at the airport we were whisked right through and in a van to the hotel before we knew it. It definetly saved time and hassle to have it prepaid. The first few days we were a bit lost, as the place is huge. (it is connected to two other resorts owned by the same company). This resort was BY FAR the best of the three. We also saw many other resorts on the way here, and the Grand palladium bavaro blew them all away. I saw a few resorts that were surrounded by homeless, and were not well maintained at all. I can understand why this place gets so many good reviews, as the grounds are kept SO well. There is a little trolley that goes around and can take you anywhere in 5 minutes, which was very useful. There is VERY limited english spoken here, so that was the hardest thing. I would recommend a room on a second floor of a villa, because when we arrived, our room had a small leak in the ceiling from the tub above us, and the room had a distinctive odor. We quickly went back out to the lobby, and after trying to explain the situation to a staff member who did not speak english, we were confronted by Hector, a staff member who did speak english. Hector explained that we could switch rooms the following day. Once we switched, we were put on the second floor and our room was IMMACULATE. Marble everything, and very clean., balcony with a great view of the pool. The food takes a bit to get use to, definetly not american food. Hector at the front desk helped us out a great deal by recommending things to do, such as the Captain Cook seafood place, which is right on the beach outside the resort (8 dollar cab ride). If we listened to the brochure, we would have paid 110 for dinner for 2 and a ride there. But Hector explained that you can get there on your own, and pay only 55 and eat for two. It was the best seafood we have ever eaten. The actual restaurant is basically cabanas on the beach, with a big grill. (Bill Clinton ate there a few years ago, and they use his face on everything). The menus are in spanish, so my wife just said we wanted a big plate, and they soon brought us out a large plate with grilled lobster, shrimp, crab, etc. that was more than enought for 2 people. Back to the resort, there is too much to do in a weeks time. We chose to go to the beach and pool all day, then dinner, followed by drinks in the lobby to live music, and then the disco which went on all night. I do recommend reserving chairs by the pool or beach, as most are taken by 9am. We would simply place our towels on two charis in the morning, then go back to bed and come out at 10 or 11 and they would still be there for us. The sports bar, which consists of memorabilla and a few large screen TV's was also a favorite. They serve pizza, burgers, a self-serve nacho machine, and soft serve ice cream and salad bar. We would stop in for a late night snack (open 24hours) and see Angel, the bartender. Angel spoke zero english, but we ended up becoming great friends. He knew us by name after the first night, and we stopped in each night to say hi. (6 years of spanish in high school and college paid off). The beach is BEAUTIFUL, the water is almost too warm. Topless beaches and pool too, which never hurts. Some Europeans can get nasty (budge lines, takes seats, etc.), but overall were fine. (I mistakenly navigated a catamaran into the swimming area on the beach, and a german man felt it necessary to scream at us in german like we did it on purpose, but other than that it was fine). LIke i said, english is minority down there, but it was not a big deal. We will definetly go back next year. This was a vacation to remember, and I HIGHLY recommend this resort.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>matt.j.d.
<Content>stop the complaining We were at the Grand Palladium Bavaro for two weeks over Easter, staying in a first floor Junior Suite next to the beach. Overall we found this to be a very good hotel; well maintained, clean, spacious and furnished to a high standard. The quality and variety of food at Le Catedral (main buffet) was excellent and surpassed that of many hotels we have frequented across both Europe and America. Le Catedral was busy during our second week although only once did we have to wait more than 10 minutes for a table. Although we had five vouchers for the al a carte restaurants we only ate once at the Dominican Restaurant, Le Uva, which was a little too laid back 鈥?nearly two hours to get through 3 courses (after which my wife was sick) and so we decided to stick with the buffet. No complaints about the staff, the majority of whom were polite, friendly and always happy to serve you another drink whether it be in the Restaurant, Bar or at the Pool. Language not a problem; there were several staff at Reception who spoke fluent English and the majority of others in the hotel had a sufficient grasp to get you what you required. This is a big hotel, over 1500 rooms across the complex although very well designed to disguise its true size; from beach to front reception is only a 7 minute walk through beautiful gardens. As stated in previous reviews this hotel has an international clientele including a number Germans who could appear quite rude at times. There were also Spaniards whose inconsiderate antics woke us in the early hours on two mornings and there were North Americans who at times could be very loud and complained about anything however trivial. Not too many English in this hotel, thankfully. My point, if you can鈥檛 tolerate different nationalities, cultures or the fact that things may be different to how they are at home then maybe you should just stay at home!There were plenty of sun loungers both at the pool and beach. However the lack of umbrellas/huts is a real issue and it is difficult to understand why there are so few. Those that do exist on the beach (with the exception of the Royal Suits in the Palace) are so close together that people are virtually on top of each with no room to move, and in near constant shade. There are numerous trees and bushes on the beach that do provide some shade although in too many places it is again all or nothing and the best spots get very crowded. Having stayed at the Punta Cana Princess two years ago (which was quiet, spacious, provided sufficient facilities with no need to reserve) we did find this beach ( and indeed the swimming pool)to be second best although this fact was compensated for by the other superior qualities of this hotel.Finally, a point of caution. We saw at least five different people with their legs/ankles in plaster and who apparently slipped on wet marble floors. At least one man fell after the Hotel failed to mop up an inch deep puddle on stairs some 12 hours after rain had stopped leaking through a Perspex sky-light. Unless you want to spend your vacation in a Dominican hospital (as did said man) take extra care if the floors or your feet are wet.As said above this is a very good hotel. It has the potential to be an exceptional hotel although is not there yet, hence my 4 rating. If you have already booked then doubtless you will have an amazing time. If you are thinking of booking you may find a better hotel in Bavaro, but I suspect you may struggle. Next time we intend to try the Iberostar in Bayahibe!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>WhitbyVacationer
<Content>Great relaxing vacation       It rained a little one day  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ebarintn
<Content>A beautiful, stress-free vacation Thank you, Trip Advisor, for the unbiased opinions and advice! Since we booked our own trip, rather than through a travel agent, it was very valuable to hear other people's opinions! We stayed at the Grand Palladium Bavaro Resort in Punta Cana. We were very worried that everything would work out as we planned, but it did without a hitch. We booked our taxi ahead of time on Internet, with Silvatours (Rafael Silva at Dominican Airport Transfers), and not only were they reasonable ($40 for 4 vs. $80 a person with other tourist taxi companies), but he was waiting for us at the airport and whisked us away into a comfortable van and was very helpful, courteous and a good driver. We were very pleased with their service, both to and from the hotel. We were able to check into our rooms immediately upon arrival and they were very nice. A patio, indoor jacuzzi tub, king size bed, overlooking gardens and palm trees. The resort is big, as it is combined with other Palladium resorts, but it gave us many restaurants, bars, pools and pathways to explore, and the grounds were beautiful! Our teenage daughters wanted to be independent, and we didn't feel apprehensive at all to let them go on their own, even to the disco at night. There were security guards on the beach and around the resort, so there were no worries. They enjoyed meeting people from all over the world, and practicing their Spanish with the Dominicans. The best part was the gorgeous clean beach, where you could walk for miles and enjoy the turquoise-colored ocean. There was a breeze, so bugs weren't ever a problem, except at night by the restaurants when they bit our legs, so bring bug spray. There was lots of food and we gained weight! The coffee was fantastic, but being an American and in a hurry, I was always more anxious at breakfast to be served my coffee right away, and the Dominicans move rather slowly, so I had to learn to be patient! And not enough chocolate desserts, too many custardy things, but still good. They did not give clean towels daily or clean the room every day, and our sink area was small and dimly lit, but most of our time was spent outdoors so we tried to not care too much. It would have also been nice to have windows that opened, rather than just a patio door, so at night you could have fresh air. But, it was really quiet and we could sleep soundly in the comfortable bed. All in all, the people working at the resort were polite, friendly, and their goal was for you to relax and it worked, and we had a great time....loved the weather, the beach, the sun! Although I will recommend this place to others, I don't know if we will come back, but only because there are so many other places to see and go to.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Eflora
<Content>Wonderful Place Just got back, and we had a wonderful, relaxing week. The beach is gorgeous and kept clean. You can walk a long way on the beach, which is not true of all the Punta Cana beaches. The water is warm. The grounds are beautiful, and well cared for.The complex is made of a Villas scattered about. We stayed in a Junior Suite with our two teenage children. The room was immaculate, and kept clean all week. It had two double beds and a sleeper sofa that my daughter slept on. A queen for my husband and I would have been nicer, but the bed was comfortable so it was no big deal. (the mattresses are firm, which is what we like). The bathroom is HUGE with a 2 person sunken tub. As others have stated, the complex is large, 9Take the tram ride around a couple of times with map in hand shortly after you get there, so you'll get a feel for the layout) and the paths are winding, so be prepared to walk. The Villas are mostly at the center with the common areas (beach, lobby, restaurants, casinos, amphitheater, shops) at the periphery. Our Villa was halfway between the beach and lobby, which seemed good because it was more central to places we had to walk. There is a tram that takes you along the main routes if you don't want to walk. We felt the food was excellent, with a very large variety to choose from. I don't see how anyone could have not found something they liked to eat there. We really enjoy the ala-carte type of dining, so were anxious to book the three ala cartes we were allowed, but the restaurant reservation lady said that since we were staying 6, not 7 days, we were only entitled to one alacarte meal. We talked to our Apple Rep about it (we booked through Apple Vacations, which we were happy with) nad he got us another ala-carte reservation. And then, I'm ashamed to admit it, but I gave a girl at one of the other ala-carte restaurants $10.00 to squeeze us in there one night, so we did get 3 ala-cartes in. We ate at Bamboo (asian), El-Arricife (seafood, steaks, and pork) , and the Mexican restaurant. All very good. The buffet food was wonderful also, it's just that we enjoyed the longer time it takes to eat an ala-carte meal. It gave us more time for family conversation. The buffets have a theme every night. We especially enjoyed the Dominican night. The seasonings in the dishes were wonderful. Don't be afraid to try new things. Some things that I tried I thought I might not like, but I ended up going back for more (like the octopus salad!) Some of the wait staff speak English and some only know the basic words, so if you ask for anything unusual they might not understand. Ask for Americano coffee, or you'll get expresso.The lounge chair situation was as others described-you have to get your towels on a chair early-like before 7AM to get a shady spot. We brought towels from home and did this. It was sad to see some chairs with towels on them and nobody came to use them all day, so don't be like those obnoxious people. I think the hotel should make a 2 hour rule -if you leave your chairs empty more than 2 hours, your stuff should be removed. Yes, there were a lot of Europeans and South Americans there, so there were topless bathers (about 1%). Some actually walk down the beach topless, and I saw one woman walking to her Villa topless (I wonder if she'd walk down the street at home topless??) Having a teenage son along, I wasn't too thrilled about it. I think some resorts tend to have more Americans, so you might want to check that out if you don't like being surrounded by foreigners or topless bathers. As for excursions, we went a half day of deep sea fishing with First Class charters, whose hut was just down the beach. They charges a bit more than some others, but seemed to be a cut above the others. We all got seasick, but my son caught a beautiful Mahi-Mahi, and my daughter caught a 50 lb. White Marlin, which was quite exciting. We also went to Saona Island, but booked with a small operator directly rather than take the tours offered by the hotel, because their tours took only 14 people at a time and went further around the Island to a less crowded spot. They provided snorkel gear, and we had an awesome time snorkeling off Saona Island (bring some fruit or veggies to attract the less timid fish). We took a taxi to Bayhibe, which is the town the boats leave from for Saona Island. That was pretty fun too, because he took us on a shortcut on the roads the sugar cane companies use so we got to see them harvesting and loading sugar cane. As for shopping-there are huts down the beach that sell things. If you don't look up toward the huts, no one will bother you, but if you look up someone will approach you to come to their hut and look. Once you go in they won't bother you much. My kids had a lot of fun bargaining to see how low they would go. I didn't have the heart to get them down too low, since the guys working at the shops all work for commission. Just be aware that the first price they give you is 75-90% higher than what you may get them down to. It's not that they're dishonest, it's just the way the game is played there. The bargaining is part of the whole process, and they expect it. About the entertainment-some nights when they had dancers it was really fun to watch-they are very athletic. Other nights were not actual shows, but audience particpation type things, and they were corny and we didn't stay for those. A few more tips that we received before we went that were helpful-bring your own washcloths if you need them-they don't provide that size. No clocks in the rooms, but the wake-up service never failed us. Mosquito repellant-they were around in the early morning, and some evenings, and when they were they were voracious, so keep it handy. If you bring any inflatables, the dive-shop will fill them for you. Feel free to contact me if you need more info.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>greenirish
<Content>A Grand time. My husband and I went for the first week of April.It was a great vacation. The beach was WOW!!! We liked how big the resort is. If you got bored in one area you could move to another. The animation team at the beach kept things lively. I loved streching class on the beach at 10AM with Orlando. The animation team goes out of their way to make you feel welcome . There was a Friday night show at the soccor field that showed the music and dancing of their culture that was a don't miss. Food was good. We did not get sick. In Mexico we made the mistake of eating too much fruit!!! It all looks soo good. We were more carefull this time and only ate the amount we would eat at home. The grounds are beyound beautifull. Pictures don't show the lushness. The only negative is the chair situation.We found this same problem in Mexico so we wern't surprised by it. Get up and put a towel on chairs and it all works out. The variety of people from other countries was a plus for us. I liked hearing and seeing people from other cultures. My husband could not get over the way men wore capris!! All in all, a great vacation. We will be back.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>myuz
<Content>loved the resort this review is long overdue but here goes, i took my gf of 2 years here jan 23-jan 31. It was amazing, the resort is the nicest i have ever seen. The beach is impressive crystal blue water and white sand. The staff was friendly but only if u smile or say hi first, i think this is because of a lot of the rude europeans that frequent the resort. I saw a german /spanish man almost push another maN over trying to get a better seat on the train! Finding a chair was a nightmare, so one day we were so annoyed we just started throwing the towels off the chairs and taking them-it clearly says in the rules of the resort- no saving sunbeds!! The food was good, entertainment was ok, it WAS in spanish mostly so i couldnt understand it. The resort is huge- there is everything u need just on the resort, all ur souvenirs and rum cigars etc etc. There is some very good tours available i reccomend the VIP soana island and the bavaro runners. The resort is quite far from any local towns or anything so you will have to calla taxi if u are wanting to see some real domincian lifestyle. I tthink next vacation i will choose mexico where the tourists arent as rude and all speak english. all in all Rooms were great they were large and comfy the resort was amazing and clean, staff was good, other tourists were quite rude. if u have any questions email me ok..  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>Joemamma86
<Content>Bavaro is beautiful... except for europeans in all of punta cana I have read hundreds of reviews on this website about every hotel. I am convinced that The Grand Palladium is one of the best. Punta Cana is mostly Europeans, Americans are the minority.I am 21 yrs old. I went with my gf for an aniversary. The hotel grounds were beautiful it can not get much better. Ive been to Jamaica and Bahamas and i can tell you the hotel is beautiful the grounds are beautiful, the lobby is beautiful, beach is great a little wavy though. 5 descent sized pools. three resorts in one. one huge place. it is a lot of walking so if your lazy do not go. the workers are nice... just know a little bit of spanish and they will appreciate it more. It is a spanish speaking country dont be offended if they do not know your language. the europeans are dirtyy... they pick up food at the buffet and put it back with their hands when there is something to pick up the food with. they are rude. i dont pay much attention to them, so it didnt bother me too much. overall its a laid back vacation the rooms r descent i bought bug spray for the room so i would never see a bug. the reason i got the spray was were a couple of waterbugs because there is a half of a shower door so wen u take a shower water goes all over. other than that i left the maid two dollars a day and she cleaned the room great. the minibar guy comes once every 2 days so i just gave him a dollar once he does the same job nmw. bring misquito spray there are alot. the chair issue was not bad when i went. to get a spot in the shade you have to be out by sunrise the put a towel down with a magazine and then you can go bak to sleep. if your like me and want to bake all day then go out by 8ish and u will have spots to get a chairits a normal vacation go and relax on the beach its much more laid back than jamaica. there is nothing to worry about its a normal carribean place, actually better than normal.if you got questions u can ask.ooo u gotta love the topless beach!!! number 1 in khasiskstan  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thelemon
<Content>way too big saint john New Brunswick my wife and i stayed at this resort feb 25 to march 3 we found this resort to big and a lot of walking to find your way around. the staff were not freindly. the fun team were not very good. the shows at night were not very good. there were line ups at every meal time. the resort itself is very nice. this was our 4th time to punta cana and in the past we would stay at smaller resorts much better service.next year we will stay at a smaller resort. we love the domincan republic and the people there are wonderful.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	2	3	

<Author>philadelphiagirl
<Content>Perfect Retreat My fiancee and I had a WONDERFUL time at this resort. We went for 5 days. Food - you have three resorts to choose from, the variety is awesome. Yummy fruit juices, different international cuisines each night. Reserve your a la cartes the first night you arrive because they can get booked. If you don't get the time you like, just go to the restaurant and change it the day of.We enjoyed Le Catedral for its variety and quality of food. El Behique has a great breakfast!Rooms - pristine and clean, we had the junior suite. The beds were the only low point of the trip. The beds were uncomfortable.Beach - they clean it every morning. we didn't have any trouble getting chairs, but it's worth going early in the morning to get seats.Activities - the night shows are pretty good, casino is a little cheezy but makes for a fun few hours. Foozball and pool at the sports bar. They even had a Carnival parade one day.Grounds - are beautifully kept. We enjoyed walking around, but for those that are limited...there is a train that choos choos around the whole complex. Great place for couples. We didn't see many kids there, but there seemed to be an entire day of activities planned for them if you decide to bring your kids. Tips: We tipped everyone that smiled and gave us good service. It goes farther than their wages for supporting the local dominican economy..and they are so appreciative. Take the cooler mugs to carry your water, pina coladas, cokes in.Thanks for all the reviews! It's why we went to this resort and had such a wonderful vacation! We HIGHLY recommend it.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>VictoriaTravelbug
<Content>Great Place Just got back from a week stay at the Grand Palladium Bavaro and would highly recommend the place. Both the rooms and grounds were kept immaculate. The beach is beautiful white sand and we had great weather except in the evenings it rained a few nights. Best to bring an umbrella with you. We found the food in the buffets excellent in both variety and taste. We did not enjoy the a la carte restaurants as much as the buffet. The Italian restaurant was pretty good but Bamboo, the Asian restaurant and the International restaurant were not that great. We caught some good entertainment at the theatre. I love gambling but the casino is pretty small. Only about 30 slot machines and most of the older type were always taken. The staff was very helpful and friendly at the hotel. I went to the dollar store before we went away and bought a bunch of stuff to take to some schools as they are very short of supplies and the kids don't get much in the way of toys. Always left the maid a dollar and a couple of small gifts that we brought along for her. Overall, we had a great stay and we would definitely go back to this resort.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Massie_mar
<Content>The bad weather was one of the better occurances Don't get me wrong, our trip to the Dominican wasn't all bad, and we did have some very wonderful times, but overall the trip left us drained and annoyed. I don't mean to complain about everything, but I would have appreciated knowing about the bad stuff before staying at this resort. My boyfriend and I did extensive research before we left, but we were not prepared for staff that seemed to look right through us when we needed help; a total lack of beach chairs, then a near fist fight with a very irrate German man over ones that we had originally reserved; and meal times that were inconsistent (nowhere to eat for 2 hour stretches).  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	5	2	2	1	

<Author>hsuster
<Content>Excellent Vacation!       grounds by lobby  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JennifersVacations
<Content>Just So Wonderful !!! We just arrived from Punta Cana from Feb 22nd to Mar 1st. Our flight with air transit was ok. The airport is different, but their still organized. We traveled on a fully air condition bus , which was approx 25 mins from the airport. Checking in was very quick, which they greeted you with a drink.I must say the resort is so beauitful. We walked all the time. There is a train for those of you who don't like to walk. But the seneary is outstanding. Using your map is good to get around. I must say the pool and beach is beauitful. Getting chairs, you have to get up early in order to reserve one. The resort is so clean. The staff is always so helpful.Our air condition didn't work in our room, but it got fixed , only thing I must say is you have to keep checking in to get the resort to quickly fix things. Our room was awsome, very nice and clean.The buffets are just the best. There is so much food to pick from. You will never go hungry. Always go early to eat, it gets busy.Overall I will say I will give this resort a 5 star and will go back.I was a skepitical at first reading some of the review before I left. I think the people who wrote bad reviews are just too picky, considering I am picky .. I will go back.Enjoy every moment of your vacation and have fun!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>dareekmon
<Content>Nice place but... Our visit was from 2/17-2/24/07. We chose this resort based on a couple of factors: our friends had been to Punta Cana (different resort) and wanted to return, we had stayed at the Gr. Palladium Kantenah in the Mayan Riviera in 2005 and loved it, and the overall favorable reviews posted here.The first impression was that of the airport and the ease in which we sped through. Compared with the endless serpentine lines and waiting time at Cancun this was wonderful. The ride to the resort was only about 20 minutes which was also a nice improvement.The resort and grounds are immaculate and extremely well maintained. The rooms were very clean, no bugs, and we have absolutely no complaints. This was probably the quietest resort we have ever stayed at (as usually one can clearly hear the evening thump of the entertainment or the roar of the liquored up guests down by the pool). What is also nice is that DR law forbids building higher than the tree tops so there are no high-rise buildings. The entire hotel staff is gracious, kind, and very helpful. We commend them and we always had excellent service whether asking for extra towels or in the dining areas. As a rule, English is not widely understood or spoken except for the most basic of phrases. This was not really any hindrance, but a working knowledge of simple Spanish is helpful. The guests are primarily European and Americans are in the minority. We tipped freely and these were accepted very appreciatively. We suggest bringing a lot of one dollar bills. As a note, everyone on and off the resort takes American dollars so there is no need to exhange to the local currency.The beach area is beautiful. As several other reviewers have noted, there is an acute shortage of shade area and available chairs. We reserved chairs by placing towels on them either last thing at night or first thing in the morning. This worked well until the last day when we found some German tourists sitting in our chairs and our towels missing. A very unpleasant conversation ensued. There is a posting from another reviewer who stated that the chair shortage situation would sooner or later provoke a fistfight. It almost happened here. In all fairness to the resort, there is really no more room for shade areas - there are too many guests relative to the amount of beachfront area. But, the chair situation is a big problem. FYI, there is also quite a bit more topless here than in Mexico. Except for the Palma Real shopping center, shopping is not a lot of fun. Prices at the resort were just as good as the ones offsite plus you don't have to put up with the over-aggressive vendors. We ended up buying nothing offsite as the salespeople are the most pushy and annoying that we have ever encountered. I guess that they don't know the American shopping psyche of stepping back a bit and giving room to breathe. The resort has some vendors set up onsite during the week. I bought a stone for my wife - starting price was $150, final price was $25. Just keep walking away until the price becomes reasonable. The food was excellent. Huge variety which changes nightly. The coffee is wonderful. It's a lot different than what you get in the States, so if you think that Starbucks has the best coffee on the planet, then you will be disappointed.All in all, we preferred the sister resort in Mexico. Part of what soured the trip was the not the resort itself but the European (mostly German) guests. They were (as a group) rude, pushy, obnoxious, and had all of the social graces of a stampeding rhino. It was somewhat amusing to observe at first, but as the week went on, it got very annoying.If you would like to contact me, you may do so at dareekmon@comcast.net  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Palmtreelover10
<Content>Exactly the vacation I wanted.... My best friend and I had been looking forward to a vacation for a long time, a vacation where we could just relax and forget all about work, and that's what we found at the Grand Palladium Bavaro. If you don't want to read the entire review, here is the quick summary: The rooms were good, the food ok, the pool great, beach amazing and staff incredible; and, if you can prevent it, DO NOT fly Air TransatHere's the long version:THE FLIGHTOur holiday began badly as our Air Transat flight out of Calgary was delayed and we sat on the Tarmac for 2 hours, waiting for them to load baggage and de-ice the plane, in very crowded cramped seats (and we are both only 5'7... I felt so bad for the 6' guysIf you do end up booking with Air Transat, and your plane is an A300, then try to get seats in Row 30, b/c it has the emerg exits and so is the only row with lots of leg space.Air Transat also stops first in Purta Plata for about an hour and half, and then the flight to Punta Cana is another hour. With the delay, it made for a very, very long flight.Landing at the Punta Cana airport was also a little bit stressful. The Dominicans don't seem to believe in queue lines, so everyone just pushes forward to get as close to the front of the customs line as possible. (So just keep moving, and if you can overtake people who are walking slow on the tarmac, DO IT)Once you pick up your baggage, you are funnelled into a room with lots of people shouting- find the Air Transat (or whatever company you travel with) desk, and they give you the number of the bus you need to get onto to get to the Bavaro. The buses aren't lined up by number, but it is fairly easy to find your bus. CHECK INThe trip to the hotel is only about a half hour. Once you get to the Bavaro, the stress of the travelling ends. All you need to do is grab your luggage, and go to the front desk. I've been to other AI's where check-in takes 45min-1h, but we were done within 15 minutes, and we were at the end of the line.The Bavaro Bellboy staff will take you and your baggage to your room- please let them, b/c the complex is huge, and it will take you forever to find your room without them.THE ROOMWe just had the basic room with 2 double beds, but it still has the jacuzzi tub. The room was basic, but it was all we needed, and the housekeeping staff made designs with the bed, and left flowers on our sink.The only two problems we had at the Bavaro were in our room:When we first got to the room, our keys didn't work, but a quick stop at front desk fixed that no problem. The 2nd, and bigger problem was that our in room safe didn't work. We called the front desk, and they said they'd send someone in half an hour. In half an hour no one came so we called again, and again, no one came. However, the next day we went to the front desk, and they had the safe fixed within the hour. The key is not to phone- they like to deal face to face with people, so if you have any problems, just go to the front desk.THE FOODBoth my friend and I are VERY VERY picky eaters, and we found enough to eat. However, by the end of the week, we were kind of sick of the buffet food. I do miss the fresh fruit though.Each night there is a themed buffet, so the buffet changes, and there is a HUGE variety of food availible. The themes are: American, Mexican, Spanish, Italian, Dominican, Gala, and one I can't remember.Breakfast ends at 10 am, and other than the 24h Sports Grill, there is no food availible until 1pm, so its work getting up to go to breakfast (as we discovered to our dismay on day)As for the a la cartes, make sure you book them ASAP, especially if you are only there for one week; we couldn't get reservations until our last 3 days, and then they were at 10pm.We only went to the Italian, and then decided that 10pm was far too late for us. It was nice to have a sit down, served meal, but the food was no better than the buffets, so you aren't missing anything if you don't go in my opinion.THE POOLThe pools; there are 3, were great, and each one had a slightly different style. One was full of kids, one had all sorts of activities (by La Uva), and one pool (the one we liked) was mellow, with no specialized activities (its the pool right beside El Behique).We never had a problem finding a beach chair at the pools, at any time of day.THE BEACHI have never seen beaches like this one before. The sand is so, so, so soft, and you can walk on it for miles. The water is beautiful, turquoise, and it wasn't too choppy. We brought inflatable beach chairs and had a lot of fun on the waves.WATERSPORTSWe went kayaking- it's included in the AI, and was good. Catamarans are also free, but if you want a lesson to learn how to sail them, its $35 US, so do it at the beginning of the trip, so you can take the Catamaran out daily, and really get your money worth. The lesson isn't mandatory. Also, there are all kinds of motor sports availible for a fee. Parasailing was $45 US for one, and $85 US for two; other prices were similar.SPORTING FACILITIESOur room was right across from the sporting complex, and the choices were huge- you can play volleyball, tennis, badminton, mini-golf, soccer and basketball, as well as chess with 2ft tall pieces- all included in the AI.EVENING SHOWSWe went to two shows- the Michael Jackson one, and the Magic Show; they were watchable, but they weren't Broadway. Most nights, we were far to tired to do anything but go to bed. We never once made it to the disco (and we are both 21!)OTHER GUESTSWe didn't go to make friends or be social- we just wanted to relax, and sit around on a beach or at a pool- which is exactly what we did.What we did see though, was that most people there are couples, or groups of couples, probably in the 40-60 age range, and most are Europeans. English was definetly not the most common language being spoken, so if you are going to meet people, you may not; it just depends on what you want.CONCLUSIONI do not hesitate to recomend the Bavaro- its worth every penny, and you will have a wonderful relaxing vacation with as much or as little to do as you want.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>chotamutt
<Content>I miss the cuba libre's       poopoo and some spanish girls  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bluebomber
<Content>A Fantastic Vacation at Palladium Resorts       The Beach  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>linda-beagan
<Content>Beautiful Resort A Trip Advisor Member from Ontario, CanadaWe holidayed in the Dominican Republic from Jan. 25-Feb 1/07. We stayed at the Grand Palladium Bavaro Resort  Spa in Punta Cana. We were able to access the Grand Palladium Punta Cana as well as the Grand Palladium Palace Resort  Spa: more like 3 resorts in one! There were 4 couples in our party - all related  between the ages of 51  65. We had 4 rooms which were spacious, clean  comfortable. Maid service was excellent. We went All Inclusive. None of us came away hungry. There was a lot of choice  lots of food. The A la Carte restaurants were fine: good service, good food. Everyone did their best to communicate with us. I was surprised at how many staff spoke English..some not fluently but certainly enough to get by. Between our hand signals  theirs, our phrases  theirs, we managed fine. Tipping is certainly appreciated. They work hard long hours for very little pay. The grounds were beautiful. The pools were clean  refreshing. The swim up bar was a great place to meet  greet new found friends. The beach was awesome! We managed to try different buffet restaurants  3 A La Carte Restaurants during our stay. We also went to the on-sight casino. We took long leisurely walks on the beach; swam in the ocean's waves; swam in the pools  took in several bars during the evening. It was a very nice vacation. In fact, my husband  I are going to return to this resort next year - for two weeks.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Uniquitie
<Content>Amazing Vacation at the Grand Palladium Bavaro       At the Beach  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Bacup-Lancs-Travels
<Content>Top Quality Hotel We have just returned from 2 weeks at the Granda Palladium Bavaro Resort  Spa. The Hotel is great, set in beautiful grounds that are well maintained by the staff. All staff were very friendly and 'Ola' was a welcome greeting. We had a junior suite situated quite near the beach and this was excellent. A Large bedroom with 2 queen size beds, Fridge that was restocked every 2/3 days and a bathroom with double jacuzzi, his and her sinks, shower etc.We dined for breakfast and dinner in 'La Catedral' and the food was very good, with plenty of choice. Lunch was taken at the 'Arrecife' near the beach and provided an excellent selection including a barbecue for steak, chicken, pork, lamb and veal.The weather was fantastic with just one 2 hour spell of rain in the fortnight.The only drawback is the lack of sunbeds or the lack of people on sunbeds that have reserved them with their towels. This is very frustrating as people were reserving sun beds and then not turning up to use them until late in the day when the temperature had cooled down. However, don't let this put you off as the beach is beautiful.All in all a great holiday in a great hotel.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CCV
<Content>Customer Service is non-existent This was our second stay at the Palladium. First visit was problem free - this time was a nightmare!! We had a problem with our reservations - in a nutshell, our children were not listed on the reservation. A mix-up from our travel agent. Instead of trying to resolve the problem in a timely fashion, we were told that they did not have a room that would accomodate our children, therefore we didn't have a room. They were very argumentative, did nothing to help us solve the confusion, and made us wait in the lobby for approximately 2 1/2 hours. After calling our travel agent, etc. we were given a room. The people at the front desk were rude, unhelpful, and made our vacation miserable. We spent more time trying to solve problems than we did vacationing. If you have no problems, they are accomodating - but if you encounter any problems be prepared for trouble and absolutely no help. I was always under the impression that the front desk was there to help and serve their customers - it's called customer service. They have NONE!!!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	3	-1	

<Author>DW2222
<Content>The good, the bad and the ugly This was our 2nd time at this resort. Last year, we had to cut our time short due to a family tragedy.The good:The grounds are absolutely beautiful. Pictures don't justify it!The rooms are very nice, clean and are decorated tastefully.The food served in the restaurants was extremely good.Forget the a-la-cartes unless you like waiting.The staff overall were hard working people who seemed to do their utmost best.The beach is drop-dead gorgeous.The bad:They put us in a room which was geographically the furthest from the lobby or the beach. When we opened our door, we would see the main road as well as a big construction project less than 200' from our room. The construction noise started at sunrise, including jackhammers, earthmovers, bulldozers, hammers, etc.They would not give us another room. Between the traffic and the construction, there was an enormous amount of noise, which, is exactly what we wanted to get away from in the first place.Hearing buses and transport trucks rumble past the room at 6 am isn't what a resort is about.The beach, although gorgeous, has some drawbacks. There didn't seem to be enough chairs. The people seem to reserve their seats by throwing a towel on them the night before and not showing up until the following afternoon. This means all the nice, shady spots are taken and you're left with baking in the hot sun on the sand.The little bar fridge in your room? You might as well ignore it. It was empty save a Fanta bottle on our arrival. It wasn't restocked until the day before our departure, despite 4 complaints to the front desk.As I indicated previously, this was our second stay. The first time we had a family tragedy and the phone in the room didn't work. That was extremely frustrating because we had to use a phone in the lobby to arrange our flight home.This time, again, the phone didn't work. This meant no wake up service for our excursion.The ugly:I got fed up with not being able to find a beach chair. We sat in the hot sun for 4 hours looking at 2 chairs in the shade wearing nothing but a towel to reserve them.I decided enough was enough. We moved our stuff to the 2 chairs.An hour later a middle-aged German couple showed up to berate us. They certainly thought we were in the wrong and thought what we did was inexcusable. This sort of nonsense with the chairs will lead to a fistfight on the beach some day unless they stop this reserve nonsense.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	1	3	2	2	2	

<Author>clcelia
<Content>My Mother and I loved it I visited Grand Palladium for 5 nights in January, 2007 with my Mom, who has never been outside the U.S. except for Canada. The resort was absolutely beautiful. I commend the owners for keeping this resort meticulously maintained. The staff were also incredibly friendly. Hi to Rafael from my beautiful momma and to Alexander and Nicolas. They even pursuaded my 60-year old mother to get out on the dance floor at the disco and she loved every minute of it. Our room was gorgeous, the food just fine and the beach was crowded but certainly a lovely place to be in January! There were many German tourists there and we met a very nice lawyer and his girlfriend who spoke very good English and they were a pleasure to talk with. With the weather in the teens these past few weeks, I am sure missing Punta Cana and cannot wait to return one day.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>jaimydan
<Content>Bavaro is beautiful We are a couple in our 40's/50's  vacationed from Jan 13-20/07 at the Grand Palladium Bavaro Hotel. I can only say good things about this hotel. Arrival: Airport arrival, there are porters who grab your bags. Don't let them. Around the corner is your travel agent booth who will direct you to the right bus. The drive is about 40 minutes with a couple of stops at the other hotels. Arriving at the Bavaro, it was Paradise. Flamingos  cranes in the front of the hotel. The check in was easy and we were taken to our room by the porter. Our key cards did not work  we gave the porter a couple of dollars and he made sure that the card was working within about half an hour. (He had to go to the front desk to get the machine to get the right code).We had the deluxe room which was perfectly fine for us. King size bed, TV, balcony, nice bathroom with jacuzzi (which we didn't use). We were given a map of the property as the Grand Palladium is made up of 3 large hotels - the Bavaro, The Punta Cana  the Palace. It looks very big, but we started walking and were able to get to all of the restaurants and bars within all of the hotels within minutes. For those of you who prefer, there is a train which takes you around the hotels. It takes about 2 days to really figure out where everything is but each hotel has a beautiful pool and restaurant and bars that are all available to all guests in the 3 hotels. The weather was gorgeous when we were there. Sunny and warm. We did have to go out to the pool at 6am to get a chair with shade as we're both very fair skinned. One night around 12:30, we actually put the towels down then and they were there in the morning.Food was very good in the buffets and soooo many choices, no one could go away hungry. There is always a pasta bar  a grill making fish, beef,  chicken at night, if you just can't decide. Each night in the buffets has a different theme, like Americana, Spanish, Italian, Asian, Dominican. Breakfast was also great. Every kind of juice imaginable, an omlette bar, cereals, etc. Lunches were also nice as we ate them in restaurants near the pool and ocean. Also grill and lots of salad choices. The Sports Bar is open 24/7 and they always have pizza, salad bar, popcorn, nachos, ice cream, and drinks. We always took popcorn into the show at night. We went to the ala carte Asian Restaurant which was ok when you are used to good japanese food, this disappoints.The International restaurant was better and we enjoyed the dinner there. Lots of choices including fish. We did not enjoy the Spanish Restaurant. In fact, we walked out after tasting our main courses  went back to the buffet. They were sooo salty. We also sent back our appetizer tapas but the staff doesn't really understand what you are saying some of the time so they didn't replace the appetizers. The shows at night were not great. We only saw three of them, but we heard that a couple of them were good. Drinks were plentiful and there was always staff taking and bringing you your drink orders. The liquor is watered down for sure. The beer is weak. The beach was stunning and the water was warm yet a bit rough but we played in the waves. What we did do is bring lots of small American Dollars  dollar store toys. This is a very poor country and where a few bucks here and there isn't going to make much difference to our lifestyle, but it will benefit the staff of the hotels and their families greatly so we did tip often and give toys to staff who had kids.This is our 5th all inclusive holiday and although we never had a bad experience, this is only the first time we have said that we would return to the same hotel. We may even bring our kids. (teenagers and early 20's)  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>razel1952
<Content>Great place for rest and relaxation We stayed at the Palladium Bavaro from Jan.29th through Feb. 5, our 5th trip to Punta Cana and our 3rd stay at a Palladium Resort. Last year we vacationed at the Palladium Royal Suites in Riviera Maya, where we also had a great stay.We experienced no problems traveling Apple Vacations on the USA3000 flights. Check in was simple and our rooms were ready after a brief wait.Our deluxe suite was very comfortable and spacious. I made good use of the large soaking tub (with jets) every day after the beach. The entire resort was extremely clean and the grounds were absolutely beautiful and meticously manicured. We chose to eat at the LaCathedral buffet for our breakfast and dinner meals and the buffet on the beach for lunch. We tried the A La Carte restaurants on our last visit there and decided the food was so good at the buffets, why bother with time constraints and free ourselves of the stress to arrive at a set time. They offer a large variety and if you can't find something to eat, you have a problem. Their preparation of all poultry and pork was delicious. No one we traveled with had any illness from the food or drinks.The staff performed very professionally, service could not have been better despite the fact the resort was full to capacity. They were very friendly and went out of their way to make you comfortable. The majority of tourists in this resort were German and French. We spoke to only a handful of Americans. The resort was active with dancing, music, all types of sports and games were offered. The animation team was motivating and fun to watch. The Bavaro beach is the reason I enjoy Punta Cana so much and why we return there so often. It was warm and very clean with nice soft rolling waves. There were many topless sunbathers, but after a while, you don't even take notice. Our vacation was very relaxing, we loved the Palladium and would recommend anyone who is looking for a restfull and beautiful environment to stay at this resort.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lkonvaca
<Content>Wonderful relaxing awesome!! We stayed here Jan. 27-Feb 3. This is a beautiful resort. The beach is just great. The water is warm with some surf that makes it fun but no rocks or seaweed. The sand is soft and warm. Everyone speaks spanish -- very little english spoken here but we managed. I thought the staff was very nice and helpful.The food is very good and we didn't even go to an ala carte and we had everything you could imagine. The ala carte was pretty much booked when we tried to make a reservation the next day. The rooms are very nice and roomy and they all have a balcony which was nice. I went to the spa and had the stress cure massage -- it was just wonderful. My brother and his girlfriend had a massage on the beach and they said it was great!Things to remember -- bring cash. There is a minimum $50 to use your charge card so if you want to buy things in the stores you'll need some cash. We did leave a few dollars each day for the staff that clean the room. They were very good. The only thing here that was annoying was getting a beach chair. I had read others reviewing about this also. The hotel will give you a beach towel and if you go out past 7:30 a.m and try and find a beach chair there is slim pickins. I seems that people get up at the crack of dawn and take the chairs. But anyway we got up and got the chairs and went back to bed or took walk. Considering this was the only negative -- that's pretty good. We went on a snorkeling trip on the glass bottom boat. We were a group of eight and it was $45 each. I enjoyed it but I'm not sure I would do it again. We also went to the cigar factory and that was nice although the cigars were alot more expensive than I thought they would be. No bargains on any purchases down here except maybe the rum which is very good. Make sure you bring plenty of sun screen it is very expensive to buy it in the hotel store.I can't wait to go back! Go and enjoy --!!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>cjtigrou
<Content>Just great!!! - Montreal (Quebec)               More photos  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bramptonian
<Content>*****GPB WAS AWESOME*****       the awsome beach  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cindylou76
<Content>One week was too short at Grand Palladium Bavaro       our room  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HalifaxSteve
<Content>Not too Shabby I stayed at the Palladium Bavaro between Jan.21st - Jan.28th with my wife  8 year old daughter. I've visited 5 other islands  Mexico in the past so I've got a good feel for what is good  bad. The Good: - The kids club is AWESOME!! The 2 girls who run it are amazing. They do activities ALL day if you wish.- The sand on the beach is A1- The staff at the resort are extremely courteous and do everything to make your stay enjoyable.- The food at the buffets are good. Just make sure you ask for all meats to be grilled well done!!- The rooms are very good, and housekeeping does a great job!- The shows which start at 10pm are fun to watch- The deep sea fishing is a blast- Lots of volleyball  exercise classes on the beach- Little to no bugs in the room (Except for that 4 inch long cockroach !!)- Some of the staff will assist you with getting a better deal on bottles of rum v.s. the store  markets (wink wink, nudge nudge!!)The Bad:- The shows are a little late if you have kids- The water is not very clear because of the waves (Apparently it's in the spot where the Atlantic meets the Carribean which creates the waves)- The pool chairs are taken by 8:30am yet hardly ever used (beach is pretty bad too with the reserving of the chairs)- Visitors from Spain, Germany, France,  Russia were unbelievably rude, loud,  chain smokers in the food areas. (80% of guests)- The Asian restaurant was good on presentation, but the food was not good. - The main buffet for dinners was getting to be a little bit of a rat-race- There are no blender drinks at all. The fruit drinks all consist of slushies  an umbrella.- The coffee is yuckyTips:- Bring U.S. cash, as there are no ATM machines- Wake up early to claim your chairs- Tip your housekeeper but don't bother tipping the fridge guy (He comes every 2 days, regardless)All in all, I'd give the place a 7 out of 10 and I had a good experience at this resort, although I won't return. If it were my first time down South, I probably would.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>welovepuntacana
<Content>You will love this resort!!! We (my husband and I) stayed at the Grand Palladium Bavaro from Jan 13-20. We had an excellent time! I will highlight some of it below. Just a note- the resort was completly full during our stay but you would never know it- it did not seem crowded at all in the restaurants or on the grounds. This resort is huge (when you combine the Palace, Royal Suites and Punta Cana), but it really is as big as you want it to be. We stuck mostly to the Bavaro section (going to the Palace section for some shopping and the internet) but you can go to all the other areas (except Royal Suites), so if you are a person who likes to move around- you can. We rarley took the train and it never took us long to walk where we wanted to go. Good way to get some excercise in during your vacation. If you want to get the flea market experience but you don't want to go to the market- they do come to the resort once a week (just double check this). They have jewlery, art etc. It is fun to bargain! They love it when they find out you are Canadian- we kept hearing No GST no PST Cleanliness: 5 star!!! This resort is spotless! The grounds are among the most beautiful I have ever seen. They have a large staff whose primary job is to keep the grounds well manicured and free from any sort of garbage. There are garbage cans and ashtrays all through the resort that are always kept close to empty (ie no overflowing garbage etc). Our room (a junior suite) was immaculate. I saw only 1 small bug the whole week in the room and just a couple out on the balcony. Some of the reviews had me terrified- but I shouldn't have worried. Rooms: 4.5 star Our room was very clean and comfortable. The bathroom was beautiful and the 2 person jacuzzi tub was very comfortable. We had great water preasure and lots and lots of hot water. We had no problem filling up the tub with hot water. Our shower did leak on occasion, but no big deal. When we arrived we noticed that our toilet seat was missing one of the bolts at the back - we reported it the next day and within about 4 hours the maintenance man was there to fix it. Service: 5 star!! The staff were great! Always smiling and when you are in the buffet, you barely put your fork down on the plate when you are finished and there is someone there to take the plate away. The staff we dealt with made every effort to understand our broken spanish and gave us hints on how to ask for things in spanish. When we arrived our key didn't work- the porter went back to the desk and returned with another. Within 20 mins (we were not even unpacked yet) a supervisor came to make sure that the keys were in good working order. My husband was in the room after it had been cleaned and a supervisor came in with a check list to check over the room- nice! My husband was sick one day (Mexican food does not agree with him) and while I was back checking on him, the maid was just about to go in- I explained that my husband was sick and she made sure we had fresh towels. Again, nice touch.Food 4.5 star: There is absolutely no reason to go hungry at this resort. There was always something good to eat. I am pretty picky and cautious at all inclusives and I never got sick. With all the pasta choices, chicken etc there was never an issue with the food. They even have a healthy section - boiled potatoes, plain chicken and steamed vegetables. We did not go to any of the a'la cartes so I can't comment on these. I really liked the pizza and the popcorn in the sports bar was nice for those late evening munchies. The staff at the pool were great. There are not many resorts that offer drink service at the pool- they were very friendly and loved our 'insulated bubba kegs' (which I highly recommend- they kept our drinks cold for hours- if they lasted that long)Pool/Beach: 4.5 star The beach is beautiful (although a bit windy) but it does make it cooler. The pool is nice (although does need some repairing of the ceramic tiles around the bar). The water is cool and refreshing. If you want a seat around the pool- you do need to get there early. Really early if you want a sun shade. The beach seemed to have ample seats available. We brought our own towels- it helped us remember which seats were ours.Air Transat: we flew with Air Transat out of Toronto. I have to say that if you can swing it- go out of Hamilton with West Jet. I went to Breezes last year out of Hamilton and it was awesome! Also the backage restrictions on Air Transat are crazy - 22 lbs each- I missed this part on my travel agent info, and unfortunatley for us we have very durable and HEAVY luggage (probably around 7-10 lbs just for the bag) so we did go over. $10 kg if you go over the 22 lbs If you can book club class -it is a nice touch and you are allowed more weight. Our rep at the resort was Jane and she was EXCELLENT! She seemed genuiely concerned about our experience and she knows the area very well.We also went to the local school (just past the flea market) on Jane's recommendation to bring some small toys, school supplies etc. This was one of the highllights of our trip. The children were so incredible. This school is not on a tour so they get very little. My sister is there right now and we sent some stuff back with her. They seem to need chalk, pencils etc. Make this trip! You truly appreciate how fortunate our children are in Canada! My husband went deep sea fishing. We booked it online through First Class Fishing. They do have a website. You pay through paypal. $90 for a shared charter for 4 hours. My husband was sick on the day he was supposed to go, so I called to see if he could reschedule - although we were prepared for them to say no- they were very accomodating and let him switch his day. Unfortunately for him- the day he went no fish were caught but he had fun anyway. The water is pretty rough and a few people were VERY sick on the boat. My husband put a motion sickness patch on 3 days before and he didn't have any problems. We had a fantastic time. If you are booked at this resort- have no fear- you will find paradise. If you are thinking about this resort- book now.We will definetly go back.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Oceanviewcalgary
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful Got married there in Nov. 2004. I couldn't have been better!! It is so beautiful... the sand, the rooms, the staff, everything..... We went with a group of 13 and we all loved it... actually my best friend who came with us for our wedding has also chosen to get married there next year. We spent 1 week with friends and family and 1 week alone... I think 10 days would have been better... kinda got bored after awhile, but it is a perfect place.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>KASIA
<Content>We really enjoyed our stay at the Palladium I travelled to the Grand Palladium Bavaro on January 11 to January 18 2007. I travelled with my husband, 2 year old daughter; my parents and two friends and we were all very pleased. I rate this hotel as a 4 star because my husband and I have stayed in hotels all over the world including 3 star hotels up to 5 star hotels. (Including the Bahia Principe and Majestic Colonial in Punta Cana) and I feel that even though it was a great place to stay, it鈥檚 not really deserving of a 5 star rating. This is my breakdown of this resort.GROUNDS: 5 STARSI honestly can鈥檛 say enough about the grounds. Sooooo beautiful. Tons and tons of palm trees and flowers and everything was so perfect. Definitely a large resort if you are considering all of the 4 resorts together, but we just stuck to the Bavaro side and honestly it took us 5 minutes to get to the lobby/buffet and 5 minutes to the beach.ROOMS: 4 STARSNothing special about the rooms, they were just plane rooms that you would get at any hotel you stay at. (Again I am comparing to the 5 star hotels that I have stayed at) They were very clean. I loved the two sinks in the washroom. My parents and we had a problem with water pressure and for the shower head to actually stay up, but my friends had no problems. We were on the first floor so I had lots of visits from centipedes. I swear I must have killed at least 20 if not more. I am not complaining these things don鈥檛 bother me as it鈥檚 going to happen no matter where you go. I just want people to be aware if they do have problems with bugs. Lot鈥檚 of channels on TV including the Disney channel for the kids. The maid service was great and they refilled the fridge more than 3 times.FOOD: 5 STARSThe food was fantastic. I am very picky and always found lot鈥檚 to eat. I have never seen so much meat verity and sea food at any resort that I have been to. (My husband was very happy with the food). Every night you have a choice between at least 3 meats if not more. As others said DON鈥橳 miss the Gala night which is on Fridays. None of us got sick but eat smart. When something doesn鈥檛 look cooked properly don鈥檛 eat it. If something doesn鈥檛 taste right don鈥檛 eat it. If something looks like it鈥檚 been sitting for a long time DON鈥橳 eat it.POOLS: 3 STARSWhen we were not at the beach we mostly stayed at the pools in the bavaro section and I can honestly say that these were the worst pools that I have EVER been in. This resort really needs to renovate the pools. There were tiles missing. So much mildew in between the tiles it was disgusting. I felt like this pool was never cleaned. They do have a kids section where the pool slopes down but it was soooo dirty looking that I refused to put my daughter in it. I just brought her with me in to the adult section. A real big disappointment.ENTERTAINMENT TEAM: 5 STARSEven though I did not participate in any activities they have them non stop and the team dose not stop ever trying. It doesn鈥檛 matter whether you are beautiful or not so attractive, skinny or on the bigger side, old or young. This team will make you feel like you are the queen of the world.BEACH: 5 STARSPunta Cana has the most beautiful beaches in the world. The white sand, all the palm trees on the beach and that gorges colour of water. During our stay the water was very ruff. I did not feel safe bringing my 2 year old daughter while holding her, in to the water. The waves were just too big. I was afraid they would nock me over with her. Let鈥檚 just put it this way my friend who is 6鈥? and about 240lbs was knocked over. But I sure had lots of fun with the waves and so did the rest of the group.WEATHER:I won鈥檛 rate the weather because that is something no one can control but during our stay every night it was poring rain and during the day nothing. For the first 3 days it was cool. The wind was cool that when the sun was covered by clouds it was really cold. I had to put a sweater on my daughter. We had to leave the beach by 2: oopm. It was just too cold. The next two days it was still extremely windy but the wind was warm so it was warmer. But we still had to leave the beach by 3:00pm. Our last two days were really nice, still windy but very hot. We were able to stay until 4:30- 5:00pm.THE HOTEL OVERALL: 4 STARSThe lobby was nice, the bars were okay, the casino very Smokey. The train ride was fun. The people working hear were not very friendly but I really don鈥檛 blame them because I would say 90% of the people staying at this resort were extremely rude. So would you be all nice and smiley if only 1 person out of every 10 you seen was nice or courteous to you, because really I wouldn鈥檛. Once you smile at them and say 鈥淗ola鈥?then they smile back and try to make some sort of contact with you even though they don鈥檛 speak English. To all the people that complain about the staff not speaking English, well we all need to remember that we are in their Country and they have no reason to speak English. It鈥檚 like them coming to Canada. They don鈥檛 expect everyone to know how to speak Spanish in hotels and restaurants, so why would anyone go to another Country expecting people to speak English or another language. Remember Spanish is their language.Anyways overall we enjoyed this resort. I would recommend this resort to anyone that is planning on staying in Punta Cana in the future.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Stacey&Dave
<Content>Would go back in a Heart beat My wife and I just got back on the 19th from 2 weeks at this resort and all we can say is we miss it already!! Not only the +40 temp but everything about it. To start off we booked with Expedia.ca and had no issues We were able to get a good price for a Jr. Suite for two weeks and we flew back in Club class.Flew down with Air Transat (not sure why everyone hates them we had no issues going down or coming back). The only bad thing going down was the beef wrap we got for a snack, but come on what do you expect at least you get something more than 30 day old peanuts (Note with air transat you can pay 15 dollars per person and pre book your seat if you are tall do this because you will want the emergency exit as it has more leg room than club class did). The arrival in Punta Cana was very fast because they don't have a long runway - so be ready when they hit the ground.When you get to the airport hang on to all of your bags - don't let the porters handle your bags or you might end up in a cab and you will have to tip them. The hotel:The only real compliant we had about the hotel was the internet, it was slow and usually only a few of their computers worked but it is not even a complaint! Come on who cares you are on holidays who needs a computer. Just a hint the internet cafe by the Palace is totally dead between 1-4 other than that you are waiting for 3 or 4 people to get on.The other issue was people reserving their chairs by the pool or beach all day and only spending a few minutes there but hey like people have said relax your on holiday there are 5 pools and like 2km of beach I am sure you can find something.We stayed 2 weeks in a Jr. Suite which was well worth the upgrade stayed in villa 56 so we were 30 seconds from the pool, 2 min from the beach and 2 min from the lobby. If you mange to get lost here maybe you need a GPS unit there is a map at every intersection plus you can have a small one in your hand (we never even used ours we were on holidays if we took 30 min to get somewhere oh well relax could be worse could be at home in minus 30). Hint take the train the first day it goes to all over the complex and it makes it easier to know where you are. Food We ate at every buffet restaurant never had any issues with finding stuff and for the picky kids in the family they have hamburgers, hot dogs, pizza, pasta every night. Look around, we found some restaurants would have like turkey while others would not we found the restaurant by the pool in the Punta Cana hotel to be the nicest. Word of warning cut into your hamburger before eating they tend to eat hamburgers like we eat steak a little under cooked so make sure it is cooked if not go get another, or ask for it well done.a la Cartes:Didn't even bother!! We liked being able to come and go and eat when we wanted plus you get the same stuff as in the buffet but on a plate. Even our tour rep said most people skip them.Staff:Remember people you are going to a country where the primary language is Spanish, don't expect them to speak your language fluently they know enough to do their jobs. We had no issues communicating with people, our maid staff was great we left her a couple gifts each day she was more than happy to go above and beyond for us with extra towels, soap etc. The front desk staff speak decent English. I carried on a conversation with one of them about hockey for at least 10 min with out issue so there is always someone who will understand you. If you are having problems being understood get your rep to help they speak fluent English, Spanish , French you name it they will help you talk to the people. We had a room key they didn't work went back three times but who cares we would just go back if were heading that way no point in getting your back up about it. Finally we just said who cares and left it in our power box and used our good one to open the door.Note: The rooms have special adapters need to plug into the walls, but you can just move your TV stand out and there are standard two prong plugs there, so I just brought a 4 foot extension cord from wal mart so I could run it out and plug in my charger for my camera.Excursions:We did the following excursions and loved them allBavaro Runners: Jacky Chan was our amazing tour guide, if you want this is one excursion where you can take some toys for the kids (just go to a dollar store and get some stuff) they appreciate it. Catalina: three in one great day the animation guy on the boat has more energy than anyone I have ever seen (you'll quickly get the song: follow the leader stuck in your head) It's a long day 12 hrs roughly so don't book an a la carte.Marinarium: Possibly the best time we had. Mr Sharky was our tour guide and was funny. Don't worry he won't bite (too hard)Santo Domingo: Now this is long day 14 hrs roughly but hey if you have the time do it it is awesome standing in 14th century buildings.Dolphin Island: Expensive about 95 bucks a person for 3 hrs but you might not get a chance to do it again. Plus if you want the pictures they take, get the DVD it is only 25 bucks and pictures are like 10 each we got over 14 pictures for us on our dvd. Scuba:This is the only one we regret. The pool was fine but only got like 30 min if that for a beginner course, then they threw you in the ocean and with like 5 foot waves it wasn't safe. The equipment called into question as well but if give it a try it was still a fun experience to do it in the ocean for 10 min .We would never hesitate for a second to go back to this resort it was heaven for 14 days! Everything about it was wonderful!!. Be nice to the staff they will be nice to you help them out a bit, they only make like 200 bucks a month US so a few bucks here and there will help a lotThe mini bar it is not there to sustain you it is there just in case you can't make it to a bar to get a drink!! At one point we had like 8 bottles of water in our fridge just from collecting them. If you want more beer or more pop leave the guy a note and a couple of bucks they are more than willing to help out.It was a wonderful holiday and if you can do 2 weeks do it!!! I have a feeling one wouldn't have been enough - especially if you want to do the excursions and get off the resort.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cherry8585
<Content>Oh My God...Relax Had the pleasure of staying at the Royal Suites last April and looking forward to going back this spring. Went with my boyfriend and expected just a week of NOTHING! No phones or TV's. We both didn't know what to expect, but we both needed a week of R  R and that is exactly what we got. I did not want to dress for lunch so we found a BBQ close to the beach..hamburgers and hot dogs... yummy. Yes you might have to get out of bed early to reserve a spot on a lounge chair by the beach, but you can always go back to your room for a nap. The staff were incredible. I don't know any spanish but managed to convey what I needed with no problems. What everyone needs to remember is that you are on a holiday. RELAX. My brother is at this resort as I write this and all I can say is it is not the HILTON! If you are looking for a place to just get away from everything in your everyday life...have many laughs and really get away from it all...this is the place. Our room was incredilble. The housekeeping staff are amazing. Thanks for all the flowers in our room and the great job you did. And the very cold budwiser in the fridge....yummy. The only reason I am writing this is because of the reviews I have read.. I am very picky about what I eat..and I never went hungry. Fresh fruit every morning to die for. The ala carte....yes you have to sign up early...but think of it as an adventure. Have you never taken a chance? We did with all three and were not disappointed. Yes. I would have like to have gone into the place in my bikini, but OH MY GOD!!! There is a dress code. Can't believe I had to dress up like a lady on my vacation!!! It just makes the stroll through the grounds and on the beautiful beach that more breath taking. All I can say is that all you people out there need to do is RELAX. Yes I am used to staying at 5 star, but I would take this resort over any place in Vancouver. And remember...a smile goes along way...and does it really matter if the waiter brings your drink in 5 minutes or 20? You are on a holiday...kick back and relax!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Canadaontario
<Content>Definetly a 3-STAR Resort - Poor Value for the Money Just returned from a week's vacation - Dec 31 - Jan 7, 2007 at the Gran Palladium Bavaro Resort and would definetely not return. Here is why. Main problem - very little, if any ENGLISH is spoken by hotel staff.Even the most important place - reception. The staff was certainly not a friendly bunch - did not seem as though they enjoyed their job.Resort - Way Too Big and it is like a maze. You need a map everyday to get around . Even with the map , you get lost.Food - the buffet was not bad. The A La Carte - definetly not worth making a reservation - you get uncooked food - and cold . Drinks - when they say they stock the fridge in your room 3 times a week - it is big joke - what you get is 2 cokes, 2 water and 2 beers. The bars aro ok. Scenery at Resort - this was good - beautiful surrondings, and well kept. Beach-nothing to talk about. It is mostly for families and definetly not for singles.It is dfinetely not worth the money and most of all this resort is definetly not a 5- star. 3-star the most. Types of Tourist. Mostly Germans, Russian, French and Spanish. Not much Americans - if any at all.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>BarbDetroit
<Content>Bavaro not Bravo.....from Michigan               More photos  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cbkermit
<Content>Not worth the money We stayed at the Grand Palladium Bavarro Resort and Spa from Dec. 23-30. We booked our trip through Expedia and paid approx. $3700 including airfare. I think the best way to review our trip is to break it down into positives and negatives.Positives:1. No bugs in our room2. All of the employees were nice.3. Food was decent. Its an all inclusive, so they are serving food for a wide range of tastes, please take that into consideration before reading other reviews where they slammed the food. You aren't going to starve.4. Grounds were clean and well maintained.Negatives:1. The air conditioner in our room leaked and there was always a puddle on the floor outside our bathroom door. It didn't really bother us, but I would have prefered for it to not be there.2. The beach chair issue. I think whether or not you encounter this depends in large part to how full the resort is. There was only one time all week that we could not find a chair, but it was never easy to find a chair. You had to walk for awhile down the beach or you had to pick up the chairs and carry them if you want to be next to your husband/wife.3. Language barrier. Its not an issue if you have normal requests, ie. asking a waiter for a glass of water or asking a bellboy to get your bags. But anything outside the norm of the English they encounter for there job is more than likely going to be a problem.4. I have a food allergy. Before we left for the DR, I emailed the resort with a card explaining my allergy in english and in spanish. I was told the chef would be notified and it wouldn't be a problem. When I got there, I was told I had to figure out the buffets on my own, and the host at the formal restuarants would be aware of my allergy and be able to tell me what I can and can not have. The buffet was ok to pick through. I stuck with stuff that I was 99.9% sure I could have. The sit down resturants were a nightmare, no one was aware of my food allergy and no one understand what I was trying to tell them. It was really frustrating for me since I felt I had done everything I could to take of of the situation in advance.5. The seating system in the buffets. There is a card on the table, one side says vacant and the other side says occupied (in 5 different languages). For whatever reason, people didn't seem to grasp how the system worked. My husband and I would find a table, turn the card to occupied and go get our food, only to come back and find the table taken, even if we had left stuff on the table. Towards the end of the week, I had toasted some of my special bread (due to my food allergy, I had brought bread with me) and left it on our table to go back and grab some butter. When I get back to the table (i couldn't have been gone more than 1.5 minutes), my bread is gone and someone is dragging our table away to join it with another. I have to admit, I had a bit of a meltdown. But since asking where my bread had gone was outside the realm of something the waiters were used to dealing with, no one could help me.6. We asked the conceriege to call a local company that gave tours to make a reservation for us, but they wouldn't. Told us we had to make the call ourselves b/c we had to pay for it. We explained that if we had to pay for the call, that was fine, but we were worried about the language barrier. They still wouldn't make the call. So we made the call and thought we had everything taken care of, but when we showed up at what we thought was the meeting point the next morning and no one else was there, we were a little concerned. Make a long story short, we were suppose to meet our guide in the parking lot, but he had told us the lobby due to a language barrier. All in all, we didn't love the resort, but we didn't hate it either. We just thought it was overpriced for what we got.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>cocoloco4me
<Content>Loved the Grand Palladium Stay at the Grand Palladium Bavaro !!!!!!This was our first all inclusive vacation, and what an exceptional place to stay !!!!The food was cruise ship calibre in both quality and quantity. Breakfast and BBQ lunches were always excellent. The fruits and meats were always prepared to perfection. Nobody in our group ever got sick from the food or drink.The room was very clean, modern, bright and easily accessable to the beach and restaurants.The staff was amazing. Always cheerful and helpful (brush up on your Spanish prior to visiting, it will make a big difference, but English is widely spoken anywhere) and a US $1 tip goes a long way with the bartenders as well as the cleaning staff and the waiters.The resort grounds were always maintained to perfection. The pools were always clean with no chlorine overkill.The beach was picture perfect. White sand and raked every morning. Warning: be sure to get up early to reserve your chair either by the pool or the beach. Leaving it later than 8:00 am and you will not find a seat until long after 2:00 pm.The only negative: Air Transat: Late leaving Toronto, small seats, terrible snacks (do not eat the Subway roast beef) and very unhappy crew members (coming back on flight 451 from Punta Cana on Dec 28). If you hate your jobs that much, you should not work in that field.Both off site excursions (Bavaro Runners and Marineraium) were great. Take some treats (not money) for the local kids (candy or small toys)Hats off to the Grand Palladium Bavaro !!!!! We will be back !!!!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MarylandBeach-lovers
<Content>Absolutely amazing! My family of 8 adults just returned from a 6 day stay at the Bavaro and have no complaints. A few days before we left for the resort we emailed Carolina Barragan Beck, a guest relations rep, to make dinner reservations. Because the resort was at capacity, she explained that each group could make reservations at 3 restaruants only. When we arrived we verified the reservations and, consequently, had no problem getting into the restaurants. Her email address is (---). Check in was quick and easy. Enjoy a rum punch while they process your reservation.BRING AN EXTENSION CORD! There is one standard US type plug BEHIND the TV and mini fridge center. It can be accessed by opening the lower doors of the center. This is the only spot to plug in US type hair driers and curling irons, etc.Our rooms exceeded expectations. We were in villa 62. Each had a king bed and a large jacuzzi tub within a pillared area of the room. Initially, 2 members of our party were placed in villa 14. Those rooms were standard hotel rooms and not nearly as nice as the jacuzzi villas. The reservation desk was more than willing to reassign them to villa 62. The mini fridge was well stocked. We left a note in the fridge asking for diet coke and received coke light (their version of diet coke) as requested for the rest of the stay. They also leave plenty of beer and water. Our only problem was that the housekeepers kept forgettng to give one room towels and soap! Language is not a problem here. The reservation desk, guest relations and other key staff have an excellent command of English. The rest of the staff know enough to get you what you need.The staff is amazing. They have a very strong work ethic and take considerable pride in their work. We never saw anyone slacking. They are extremely friendly and will be happy to talk to you about their country. Their warm smiles were a delight. Such an upbeat group of people! We honestly felt sorry for the maids who were assigned to maintain the bathrooms between the the wedding gazebo and the beach. These ladies stood in the heat all day cleaning up the sand and water that was tracked into the bathrooms by the vacationers....we could not imagine a more difficult job. . If you want to tip anyone, please be sure to find these ladies. They are very deserving.The food was awesome. There are an amazing array of choices and something for everyone. None of our group experienced any stomach upset. They warn you not to drink the water . There are plenty of sources of filtered and bottled water all around the resort.. Breakfast is served at one of several massive buffets. The only breakfast food we could not find was bagels! Lunch is served at multiple places around the resort. For dinner, there is the choice of the lovely restaurants or the buffets. Bars are everywhere. Hemingways is the classiest bar and a wonderful place to meet for a pre-dinner drink. We were at the resort for the New Years Eve Gala - what an event!The beach is very clean. It was extremely windy during our stay and the water was cool. We spent most of our time at the pool. Chairs are at a premium. Reserve yours early by placing a book or towel on it. It appeared that everyone honored this method of saving a chair.The gym is very small and warm. The roads within the resort are excellent if you want to jog. The Sports Center has plenty to do and the staff is a blast. The entire area of the total resort is huge. If you don't like to walk, this is not the place for you. We were not bothered by the few vendors on the beach. We did walk down to the vendor stores (go to the beach and turn right) and bought some pictures and jewerly. Absolutely do not pay asking price for anything. They will accept 1/2 to 1/3 of what they first quote you. We spent time talking to two of the vendors. Both were students at the University and shared their experiences with living and going to school in the DR. A couple of other vendors were more intense and made us a little uncomfortable. For safety reasons, I would not recommend going down here alone, especially if you are a woman. Guards are stationed at both ends of the resort beach.It was warm each day but we did have a fair amount of clouds. There is at least one massive downpour each day. You might want to bring an umbrella because not every walkway is covered.Book your trip now! This resort is absolutely worth the money we spent. You will not be disappointed!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ShelleyCanada
<Content>wouldn't go back I booked a group of thirty guests at this resort for our wedding. From the minute that we walked into the hotel lobby when arriving, till the day we left it was a joke! Our group had booked and payed extra for two family suites, never recieved them. We were all suppose to be fairly close as far as keeping our group somewhat together, meaning our villas were located near each other. Didn't happen, we were spread all over the place. We were told how they go out of their way for weddings, yah didn't happen! Food was OK, drinks weren't great , had to keep checking our children's virgin drinks because they kept putting alcohol in them. Bar staff were rude and really didn't care to try and even understand what we were trying to explain. Staff hitting on our teenage kids...First time to DR, so wasn't sure what to expect, but never thought that their tourism would be that far behind Mexico! The grounds and the beach were beautiful. The gardening staff and cleaning staff could teach the bar staff some manners. They were far better to chat with and help you. The front desk staff and the bar staff could take some helpful hints from these hard working people! Oh yah and booking your elcarte meals...good luck!The shower leaked all over bathroom floor ever time you showered, fridge wasn't cold and you had no control to turn it colder, and our room cards(keys) never worked, in several rooms and it was a far walk to the lobby ever time because the, FRONT DESK STAFF WOULD NOT COME AND HELP ANYONE, JUST KEPT GIVING US NEW CARDS SAYING THEY WOULD WORK! FINALLY GOT SMART AND MADE IT WORTH THE MAIDS TIME IF SHE WOULD JUST LET US IN!!!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	3	1	1	1	

<Author>Jessica1985
<Content>5 stars, no complaints Me and my family stayed at the grand palladium abvaro from dec 20-27, 2006. We went for a christmas family vacation. From the moment we arrived, we knew that this place was paradise. The front desk was helpful, courteous and quick. Check in was easy and fast. Our rooms were ready immediatly we checked in just before 3 pm. We were located in Villa 61 which was halfway between the main lobby and the beach. It was close by to everything and we never had to walk for more than 5-10 minutes to get anywhere. We had a juniour suite which was beautifully set up and very well maintained. I actually enjoyed spending time in my room. No bugs at all!The service at this hotel is fantastic. There are employees everywhere and they are always ready and willing to help. The service at the bars and restaurants is excellent. No complaints about any of the staff. The maids were excellent in cleaning the rooms and making sure everything was stocked in the mini fridges. The food at this hotel was above average. We ate at the Cathedral for breakfast and dinner everynight which was the main buffet restaurant. There was always a large variety of foods. No one every got sick from the food at all. The buffet was clean and had a great selection of foods. The beach is breathtaking, the water is crystal blue and the sand is white. There were alot of waves but it was enjoyable to lay in the sun and catch some waves. There were many pool bars, it was never hard to get a drink or anything. Close to the beach there is another restaurant where we ate lunch, they also had a nice outdoor area to sit as well. The pool area was also great. There is a pool bar which was cool. The pool are is spacious and the service to get drinks is great.The entertainment staff was excellent. They were always up for a fun time. The shows were entertaining alot of good dancing. The disco would open up at 11:15 and be open till 2 am. it was always a fun time, with great music!Overall this hotel is a 5 star. We had no complaints at all. It was a great choice and i would reccomend anyone looking for a fun enjoyable vacation to stay at this hotel. You have nothing to worry about, its a great place!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mjenni4723
<Content>Deserving of a 5 star but not a 6 My wife and I just returned from the Palladium Bavaro (December 1 - 8, 2006) and agree with most of the reviews. This is an excellent Carribean get away. The rooms are spacious and clean, the grounds are beautiful, the food is above average and there are selections for even the most picky of appetites, and the staff is generally friendly and helpful. The beach is a bit narrow, but there is enough shoreline to accommodate everyone and there are 4 pools to choose from, each with its own swim/up or walk up bar and each are next to a buffet restaurant for lunch.During the week we stayed the place seemed booked to around 90 - 95 % capacity. We were not able to get reservations at any of the a la carte restaurants during normal eating hours. There were seatings available at 9:30 - 10 pm but that was just too late for us. We were told this was due to the influx of European and Canadian guests during December that stay for 2-3 weeks and book all of their dinners when they arrive, leaving nothing for the guests that are only staying for a week.There are 3 buffet restaurants at the resort and each evening is a different theme. Mexican, Dominican, Oriental, American, Italian to name a few. We were satisfied with the buffets and didn't feel like we were missing anything by not getting an a la carte meal. One night we just had burgers and beer at the Sports bar. If you want a prime seat around the pool or at the beach you need to get there by 8am and claim your chair. The generally accepted manner at this resort is by placing a towel and a book on the chair you wish to reserve. The book is necessary to keep the towel from blowing away. Once you do this feel free to go back to sleep, have breakfast, or whatever knowing your chair will be there when you return.Most travel sites rank the Palladium as a 4 of 5 or a 5 out of 6. This is quite accurate in our opinion. If you are looking for the 5 of 5 or the 6 of 6, in Punta Cana, I would recommend Secrets or the Iberstar Bavaro. The differences are subtle but noticible.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	2	4	3	

<Author>tigAIR38
<Content>Nice hotel, lots of sports My girlfriend and i stayed from nov 11 to nov 29th. The hotel was more or less perfect as you'll see below and we can really recommend it:4.0 RoomsWe had a junior suite with a jacuzzi in the bathroom. The room was spacey, we had two king size beds (average comfort), a couch and a table. There's a safe in the room and the stuff in it is insured with 500 $. We changed rooms after three days, cause our in-room coffee machine didn't work and the tv picture was all red (couple of american programms including espn, cbs, fox and one or more from almost every other country). The second room was perfect.4.5 ServicePretty good. At the bars perfect (tons of cocktails to chose from) and the guest relation was pretty helpful.5.0 ValueWe got a good deal (18 days, 1600 euros) and it was worth every penny.4.0 CleanlinessOnly minor complaints - the sheets had some stains on it, which didn't go away after washing. Couple of uninvited guests (small bugs), which didn't bother us at all and are common in every country with this climate.4.5 Pool and beachWe had to reserve our seats at the beach every day before breakfast, cause the hotel was pretty full during our stay. No problem for us. The beach itself is beautiful, but pretty crowded. You can find some shadow under the palm trees or under small roofs. The pools (4 overall in the three connecting hotels) were big and not really crowded. All had a swimup bar with fast service. Pools seemed to be clean.5.0 Food There are buffets with various themes (spanish, dominican, mexican, asian, american, gala, italian) changing every evening. in the morning and for dinner you can eat the buffets too. The dinner buffet always has a grill station, where u can get tuna, chicken, hamburger and other stuff from the grill. I never stood up hungry, but more often than not ate way too much.There are also 5 a-la-carte restaurants: dominican, international, asian, mexican, italian. We went to the mexican, which was pretty average, the asian (good) and the international (good steaks). The sports cafe had food (hamburger, pizza, snacks) and drinks 24/7.5.0 SportsI regularly do some sports and u have tremendous opportunities here: Soccer ground with artifical turf (very good), 6 tennis courts, 4 beach volley ball courts, some paddle courts (played it never before, but we really liked it), table tennis, billard and lots more. You could find something to do every day and almost at any time. There were also some tournaments in the different sports.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Debatcalgary
<Content>A Little Piece Of Paradis We just returned from a 2 week stay at the Grand Palladium Bavaro in Punta Cana Nov 15 to 29, 2006. It was unbelievable!!! I would recommend it to anyone. We travelled Airtransat - very small seats on plane. Arrived at the Punta Cana Airport and were immediately deluged with people grabbing at your luggage and taking you to the terminal desk - almost overwhelming - if we had not been made aware of this from Tripadvisor - I would have been very overwhelmed - They somehow get you and your luggage onto a bus that is airconditioned - thank god because the flood of hot humid air hits you like a brick wall. - Not complaining just be aware - especially since you are probably wearing long pants and a winter coat - very hot. Once y ou arrive at your hotel - it is absolutely amazing. We took the first 2 days to just get to know the place - huge!!! Take the train ride around the place a couple of times.Hotel rooms - amazing - very clean beds however we not too comfortable (only drawback in rooms)Pools and Beach - Unbelievable - best holiday I've had - kept very clean - maids and grounds keepers do an amazing jobFood - It takes a while to get used to the different tastes but there is a lot of variety so you will not go hungry. We tried all the different restaraunts but found the main buffet to be the best- you did not need reservations and if you didn't like something you could just get something else. Our waiter was Yimi most nights and we totally loved him. Very friendly, very efficient. Our digestive system gave us a bit of a problem but I think it was more from the sweet drinks like the Pina Colada and the Miami Vices that we were drinking.We went on a tour to Dolphin Island and totally enjoyed this experience. We got to swim and have pictures taken witht the dolphins. Great day! And dolphin Island is amazingly beautiful.We also took the tour to Catalina Island and found this disappointing. Snorkling was not at all what I thought it would be. Washrooms there were disgusting - dirty - no seats- no paper. I was more than ready to leave.Overall I would give this holiday a 9 1/2 out of 10. Loved it and would definately recommend it. Wherever you went on this resort there were lots of smiling faces - except for the guests - it seemd that nobody smiled or said hi. However at any one time there is over 3,000 guests and 2000 staff on location. Huge place but loved every minute - Hated to leave.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>erishp
<Content>Relaxing mini vacation I vacationed at this resort from Nov 17-20, a short mini stay. I travelled with two of my friends. We are in our late 20s. I will keep this short and try to offer information that others left out. I think this place is fantastic and HUGE!!! This is a plus because you can visit the other hotels' amenities and use them. Front DeskThe front desk staff is great. Especially Hector, he was very responsive to all our needs.PoolThe best pool can be found at the palace property. I believe the Bavaro's pool isn't so nice and is rather small as compared to the palace's pool. Not really a problem, just an observation.RoomsAlso, the rooms were great. We had trouble finding a compatible socket for our electronics. However, we ended up finding the U.S. type sockets behind the TV. We just unplugged the mini fridge at night to recharge our cameras. Our room was huge as compared to other properties. There were 3 of us girls in one room and we never felt like we had to fight for the mirrors. Fantastic!!!The GroundsThe entire resort is immaculate down to the blade of grass.The Tram/Mini trainThe property features a little trolley to shuttle you from various points around the three properties. This train was more livelier than the disco. It was one of the best features. Also, my friends and i enjoyed the music they played on this shuttle so much we actually bought a copy. The driver will have CDs for 10$ you can buy. Very worth it. Listen out for Mantequilla--very upbeat tempo and wonderful.BugsI am bit everywhere i go and this was no exception. Please bring bug spray for the pesky mosquitos. I didn't and i have many bites on my leg. All in all we had a wonderful time. Make sure you get a massage. The prices were a steal (52$ for a hour)!!!! The dominican people were very nice and accomodating. The only drawback was the food. I have an extremely sensitve stomach and was sick one night from something. Not quite sure if it was from the liquor (not very good quality) or the food (possibly from sitting out and not air conditioned). Just bring some pepto and you should be fine.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Mraudi
<Content>What a Great Place! This review is long over due. I have stayed at the Palladium Bavaro 4 times since 2003. This is a great resort with one of the best beaches I have ever seen. There are also many swimming pools that are very nice, but I prefer the beach/ocean. I always like to stay in a junior suite, which is very nice  spacious. The grounds are beautiful  very well kept. There are many different bars  restaurants on the property. Some of my favorite spots are the main Bavaro lobby bar, the sports bar, the Asian restaurant (Bamboo), the Tex-Mex restaurant  the casino. It鈥檚 fun to get a few drinks  go for a walk on the beach at night with your significant other. This resort is so big that it is almost impossible to see all of the sights in one visit. The people that work at this resort are very friendly  hard working. The food could be a little bit better, but you can always find something that you like, if you can鈥檛, there is something wrong. The drinks are strong  plentiful. I highly recommend this resort  will definitely be coming back to this resort in the near future.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Happy-at-a-Beach
<Content>Fantastic! Awesome! book Your Trip Now!! My husband and I honeymooned there from November 6th - 11th. Okay, we've been married 7 years, but never had a honeymoon! THIS WAS IT!!! I want to write a thorough review but I'd be typing for HOURS. BRING DOLLAR BILLS WITH YOU....LOTS! From the time you get off the plane theres a 3 piece band with a hat on the ground awaiting your tips inside the airport!!! Tip the barstaff, the maid, etc. Just a tid bit of info, the resort workers work 11 days, then have 3 days off. We got the imperssion that hey don't work for much $$$ either. Here's the breakdown $1 Dominican Peso = $32.00 US Dollars.The resort is always ready to take your photo for $8.00 a shot! Do it! We are glad we had all those photos taken. Not only do they take them inside the resort lobby area, but they comb the beach in costumes or with parrots or monkeys looking for photo opportunities!Everything was great! I've never seen a place so beautiful!! The resort! The rooms (especially Villa 9 !) The food! The activities! The entertainmant.....TONY rocks! He's the little guy with a whole lotta spunk! You'll know exactly who I'm talking about!!The drinks are a bit weak so you need to get 3/4 liquor and 1/4 balance of whatever it takes to make the drink! CHEERS AND HATS OFF TO our favorite drink-mix-alots....NORBERTO and IRIS!! NOTE: not all the bars serve the same drinks. Half way through our trip my hubby found a cocktail bar located to the west of the pool. It's nice and has air conditioning. That is where they serve THE drinks, long island ice tea, Blue Lagoon, etc. No fruu-fruu drinks there my friends.!!When you get your reservation dinner cards for the resturants upon your check (which I might add was very quick) BOOK YOUR RESERVATION UPON ARRIVAL FOR YOUR A' LA CARTE DINNERS. El Arricife was very popular and booked up by the time we arrived on Monday and we couldn't get in. This is the international restaurant.Most of the tourists there @ this time were from Europe, mostly Spaniards and Germans. **NOTE TO AMERICANS** THEY GO TOPLESS ON THE BEACH SO DON'T BE SHOCKED OR ACT EXTREMELY SILLY LIKE MY HUSBAND DID @ THE FIRST PAIR OF HOOTERS !!As for activities, I recommend the 2-person Acquatic Tourr. You get a 2 person speed boat, drive to a coral reef and snorkle! It's a whole heck of a lot of fun. Especially if you like boats and like to drive fast!!Don't worry about upgrading to a larger room. Reason being...YOU DON'T SPEND ANY TIME IN YOUR ROOM. Hubby and I lived out of our suitcases the whole week. The only time we were in our room was to shower after being at the beach all day and when we returned like @ 2:00 am to sleep for the night.I think I wrote the basics!! Enjoy your time there! You won't regret it. Best $1,800.00 we've ever spent!!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vanilla1616
<Content>OH MY GOD! It was fabulous!       just so happy to be there  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MH3
<Content>couldn't ask for much more! Just got back from a 7 day stay at the Palladium Grand Bavaro in Punta Cana. What a great place!  The weather was great, rained a couple times but only at night. I was a little worried about the weather before we left. The weather report showed chance of thunderstorms every day, but that seems to be the same report 365 days a year. Temp was in the high 80s every day with just one slightly overcast day the whole time that we were there. The hotel was beautiful! Extremely well maintained and manicured. The employees were all friendly and all of them always greated you with a warm hola, even the grounds workers. Check-in was a breeze, took about 3 minutes, got to our room within 15 minutes of arriving to the hotel. Check in people were great, bellboys friendly and helpful and explained everything about your room when he dropped you off. We got the Romance Package and the room was great! It was large, had a 4 poster bed, couch, chair, coffee table, and desk. The bathroom was the best part. Jacuzzi for two, an indoor and an outdoor shower in a separate little hut with a hammock in it. I used it every morning. Very different. I think that they consider these rooms beachfront, you could see the beach, but it wasn't really close. Not what I would call beachfront.  The room was immaculate and the maid was great. I left her a couple of bucks every day and she made little towel sculptures with flower petals everywhere. Leave a buck in the fridge and the guy will will over fill it with whatever drinks you are using. This hotel is part of a complex of 3 other Palladiums, so the place is huge. Do yourself a favor and ride the train around a couple of times the first day that you are there. It stops at all the restaurants and gives you a good idea of where eveything is. You can use all of the other hotel facilities except the Royal Suites, which much be some kind of exclusive deal or something. The food at the buffets were great and LOTS of it. I've never seen so much food in one place before. It almost overwhelmed you. We only ate a the Steak  Seafood al a carte and it was OK, but nothing the brag about. We didn't do the other 5 or 6 restaurants just because we didn't feel like having to make reservations and be someplace at a certain time. I'm on vacation, I don't need a schedule. The only couple of things that I didn't like was that it was European season and Europeans are not not real friendly and a little rude. We didn't run into one single American at our hotel the whole time that we were there. The hotel people told us that American season is usually Jan - March. The other thing was no ice tea. That was really strange. You ask for ice tea and they looked at you like you were crazy. I finally found a waiter in the the buffet that would make me hot tea and ice it down. For a couple bucks a day, he was more than willing to make me tea. Overall, we had a great time and would go back for sure, maybe just a different time when there are more Americans and less Europeans.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Nictore
<Content>Loved everything about it. Just got back from my 9 day honeymoon and have nothing bad to say. Let start with the basics. Flew into Punta Cana airport, it is very tiny and you depart on the tarmac but you have to remember you are on island. We took and airconditioned bus from the airport to the hotel, you will see much poverty stricken areas on the way there. Upon arrival we were greeted right away by a bell captain who took us right to the counter for check in. The front desk staff was very friendly and checked us in within 10 minutes, no waiting time at all. While you are standing there a waitress comes around with refreshing rum punch.Room: We stayed in bulding 59 next to the beach in a Jr. Suite very well maintained, but have to let you know that the air doesn't get very cold if you are used to ice cold air. There was an enormus jacuzzi tub sitting up high so you can look into the garden from your windows while taking a bath. The housekeeping staff is wonderful! We noticed every staff member was very friendly and accomodating. Tip  leave a dollar or two in the fridge for the stock boy and your refriderator will be overstocked when you get back. The housekeeper doesn't stock the beer, water and soda. A seperate mini bar person comes around to do that! Remeber there are 4 parts to this property, the bavaro resort and spa which I was in ( it is the biggest) the palladium punta cana, the royal suites and the palace. If you stay at the others you will be coming to the bavaro as it has the most restruants.The Beach: Nice white sand and very quite first thing in the morning, we never had a problem finding a seat anytime of the day. The Dj comes out about 10:00 for music and arobics and dance lessons on the beach. From 11:00-1:00 there are hotel staff members that come around to take pictures of you with various animals or just by yourself if you would like, they are for purchase later in the lobby. If you are of week eyes the beach may not be for you as clothing is optional ( meaning tops) you will see lots of naked parts flying around.The Pool: It gets crowded later in the afternoon, seeming like everyone migrates from the beach to the pool, they have bing and table games if you choose to take part. The drinks are good not so strong and are mostly all made with coconut mils unless you are drinking the beer which is either Presidente or Boheme Especial. The best frozen drink was the Miami Vice.Dinners: We ate at two of the resturants : El Mariachi which to our opinion was not so good and Arricefe ( we had lobster and grilled sea bass which was amazing!) To be honest the buffet is superb cooked to order lamb, steak, seafood.. And everynight was a different there. Don't miss Sunday which has a little bit of everything it is GALA night in the buffet and Dominican night on Thursday was so much fun! The breakfast buffett had a lot of variety for everyone and the lunch buffet was the same. There is also a sports bar which you can get burgers, sandwichs and iceceram at 24/7. Word of advice learn how to say well done in spanish or else you may get a raw burger.We took two excursions: The speed boat tour/snorkling is well worth the money. The second Animal Adventure park I would skip. You pay about $120.00 us and get to interact with the sealions. But there is not much else to do there and you sit around more waiting for your guide than seeing animals. I would also advise not to go in the morning as it is the hottest from 9:00-1:00.Shows: We took in one show which was Metamophisis. It was was nice but not a broadway production, if you know what I mean. It is also very hot in the theater as there is no air so you will overheat. There is a train that takes you in between all the Palladium propertys. It is very popular at night and becomes very crowded but is nice and realxing to just ride around the resort on. Advice refrain from sitting in the back cart as that is where the speaker is for the music and is very loud.Overall, It is amazing here and the food is wonderful. Very realaxing and the grounds are well maintained on a daily basis. We will definatly be going back in 6 months as it is a great value for the money. If you have any questions or need hints feel free to email me.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Madisosa
<Content>Strongly recomended We stayed at GP Bavaro Resort and Spa Sept 3rd-9th. The forecast had said scattered showers for the entire trip, but it is deceitful, because it only rains breifly and strongly for a short streak in the middle of the night. The weather was perfect all week long.All of our booking was done through Expedia. Upon our arrival we were a bit worried about finding our way to transportation, but it is effortless, there are luggage carriers that immediately put you in the right direction. It is about a 30 minute trip to the resort and cost us $30 for the both of us. Once you arrive you check in (check-in is at 3pm). They give you a map of the hotel, activities itinerary, and guest information. From there it is up to you to plan your trip.We purchased additional activities through expedia (the aquatic tour, and the outback safari). They were both worth doing. It is nice to have a little variety outside the resort. We thought the outback safari would have more walking involved, but you barely walk. The whole tour is on a truck/jeep, and basically takes you through the small towns to give you an idea of Dominican lifestyles. It is concluded with a little boogieboarding at a secluded beach that was very beautiful.At the resort, there is plenty to do. Especially if you are active and enjoy the outdoors. All of the facilities are clean and the staff is very friendly and helpful. I will just list everything with a comment.Bedrooms: We had a standard room, it was very clean, neat, I would give it just as high of a raiting as a Fairfeild Inn or a Courtyard by Marriott.Buffet: Delicious! Tons of food, good variety, we ate at La Catedral most of the time. Every night has a different theme (American, Mexican, Italian, Oriental, Spanish...) If we woke up late and didn't make breakfast, we would get an A la Cart sandwich or salad at La Uva, or just wait until Arrecife opened for lunch Buffet. We didn't have any stomach problems, but I would take sometimg just in case. Our stomachs just arent used to all that seafood and fruit.Sport Center: It is pretty neat. They have basketball, soccer, badminton,paddleball, tennis, ping pong,etc. The mini golf is not like it is here though. It is a little rustic. The Beach: Paradise! The water is clean, warm, you couldn't ask for much more.The Pool: The pools are just fine, not fantastic, but not bad either. If you would like to get your hair braided, here is where you can do that. It cost from 50-80 dollars, depending on how long your hair is, and takes a couple of hours. The Bars: All are fine, there is one in the middle of the front of the resort that is really nice and sort of private. The bartender is Julio Cesar (he goes by Master One) he is super nice and treats you extremely well.Tipping: Tipping is not necessary, however, do remember that these people work 11 days straight, and then get 3 days off to visit their families in their hometowns. They make about 200 dollars a month. So if they give you supurb service, I'm sure a tip would be greatly appreciated.ATMs: There are no atms on the resort, yes you can take out money at the casino with a 7 dollar service charge, but they will make you play a hand before you can cash it in. The stores only accept credit for purchases greater than 40 dollars.The Shows: They are every night at 10pm, and are entertaining, but not like anything off broadway. Everynight has a different show, and its theme is posted on the event calendar in the main lobby around the corner from the front desk.Massage: Both of our massages were great! (approx. $65 each)Suggestions: Bring lots of suncreen, maybe smashball, or a frisbee to throw around at the beach. Ready Cash. If you don't speak spanish, maybe a spanish phrase book. Most of the guests are Spaniards, and the staff is a bit limited in their English skills. But they are friendly and try their best to communicate.Anything you may forget: medicine, repellent, swimsuit, sun screen, etc. can be purchased at the supermarket. But dont expect a CVS or Vons, they are more like minimarts.Have a great trip, we very much recomend this resort for a carefree vacation.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>smoon80
<Content>Had a great time: Review from couple in the mid 20's       Simply beautiful  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>booah
<Content>Very pretty...vey nice For starters, my husband and I travel at least once if not twice a year and I must say that this resort out does the rest. The grounds were beyond beautiful, well maintained and emaculate. It was as though they built a resort in the middle of a jungle. We had a standard room and it was good enough for us. A little small but equipped with a jacuzzi tub. The food was very tastey and plenty to chose from. We did not bother with the a la carts so I can't describe them, simply because we don't like having to make reservations. The beach goes without saying....probably the best I ever been to. In our opinion you can't get any better than Punta Canna beaches.The only thing that I would say may be a downfall is the size of the complex. The first couple of days we kept getting lost going to the pool, our room, the beach.....etc. Once we figured our way everything was great. You will not make a mistake booking this resort!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Skyezgrl
<Content>A wonderful place to stay       Catamarans on the beach  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>PalmTreeTammy
<Content>Paradise on Earth!!!       Freindly guests  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Moonman1
<Content>Big Resort, Lovely Grounds       AMAZING beach  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Denise0
<Content>Piece of Heaven       Garden/patio outside lobby area  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pelohello
<Content>What good for the goose is good for the duck       beach  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	2	2	

<Author>pburland23
<Content>Fantastis Time in Punta Cana My wife and I were at the Palladium Bavaro from August 1 to 5 as part of our honeymoon. We had a wonderful time and found the resort to be beatiful.Room: We booked a Romace Suite and found the room to be great. It was large and comfortable. My wife loved the four poster bed, tile floors, and jacuzzi tub for two. The outside shower and hammock were nice touches.Beach: What can I say? The beach in Punta Cana is absolutely amazing. White sand and WARM clear blue water. It felt like something out of a movie. The chair situation was not as bad as everyone said in previous reviews. We never had trouble finding two chairs, sometimes it was hard to get a seat in the shade, but hey...you're on vacation, get a tan. We did get up early on our last morning to snag a prime spot under one of the thatched umbrellas though. It was definately nice to have a little privacy amidst the crowded beach.Pool: My wife and I are definately beach people, so we didn't spend a lot of time at the pool. We enjoyed the brief time we were there. The scene at pool is definately livlier (and louder) than at the beach.Food/Drink: I was a little worried about the food from reading past reviews, but I am pleased to say that my wifer and I both enjoyed all of our meals and had no stomach problems during our stay. We ate in the buffett for breakfast each morning and two dinners. We were both pleased with the selection in terms of quality and range of offerings. We ate lunch at El Arrecife near the beach everyday. For our two a la cartes, we ate at El Chijote (Spanish) and Mare Nostrum (Italian). Both restaurants were beautiful, quiet, and romantic which was a nice change of pace from the hectic buffett. As for the drinks, we didn't drink much during the day. It was too hot for alcohol, but we certainly enjoyed both the lobby bar and the air conditioned piano bar near the pool. The drink listing was extensive and I had no doubts of the potency of the drinks. My wife fell in love with the Coco Loco. Try one...they are delicious.Excursions: We took the half day trip to the Marinarium for snorkeling and enjoyed it greatly. Snorkeling among the coral reef with nurse sharks and sting rays was amazing and the crew was so energetic. They made the trip so much more fun.My biggest complaint would have to be the lack of an ATM on site, but in the grand scheme of things, this was pretty minor. Overall, we loved the Palladium Bavaro and would definately return.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>PlayaNJ
<Content>GP Bavaro - Wish I Were Still There! Stayed at the GP Bavaro July 24th - July 28th. Our group totaled 11 people in 3 families (4 adults, 5 late teens and 2 14 y/o's).This was a very nice vacation - especially for the $ paid.Have previously been to the Radisson Cable Beach Resort in the Bahamas and the Iberostar Quetzal in Riveiera Maya. This resort compares favorably with both when all pros and cons are weighed. From the minute the bus turned into the GP complex, we could tell this was a quality resort - looks like paradise. The property is immense - four GP resorts in a row and it is impressive and very well-maintained. It does take a day to get your bearings but the resort maps they hand out are accurate. The tram/train runs through all four resorts and it is a good way to see the entire complex and get to other restaurants and the casino (at the GP Palace resort).We stayed in Villa 19 - close to pool and beach. Junior Suites are modern, well appointed, spacious and very clean. No clocks in the rooms - if you need one, bring your own. Bathroom is larger than some hotel rooms I have stayed in (like at Disney) with jacuzzi tub and separate shower. One problem with my room, which was on bottom floor. The room was a bit musty at first. Some other reviewers have commented on this problem, which is due to condensation pooling in the AC vents. We called and a housekeeping supervisor sprayed a liquid into the vent. I was sure this probably wouldn't work but it did -immediately. The musty smell came back our last morning in the room. This was only an issue in our room - two other first floor rooms for our group were fine as were two second floor rooms.Mini bar was stocked with water, soda and beer. We always brought back extra bottled water from the restaurantsWe tipped the maids $4/day per room plus some hard candies and small gifts. Service was very good and got some towel sculptures back in return. Comment - we traveled with my 14 y/o daughter and her friend and our travel agent clearly specified that we wanted connecting rooms. Upon arrival, we were told by the front desk staff that the Bavaro resort does not have ANY connecting rooms. I don't think that is true because I have read that they have Family Suites (connecting rooms!). I think the bottom line is that these are at a premium. The girls were put in the room right next to ours and everything was fine. If you are traveling with younger children and definitely need connecting rooms - you should try to get a guarantee from the resort in advance. We had the same experience at the Iberostar Quetzal in Mexico and the Radisson Cable Beach.Obviously, you don't expect 5 Star dining at an AI and I don't think we go to these places for top notch cuisine. But I have to say the food was very good - wasn't sure if that would be the case after reading some prior reviews. I wonder where those people are coming from. Breakfasts are very good. Although the a-la-carte restaurants proved impossible for us to book before an 8:30PM - 9:30PM dinner start, we were very happy with the Cathedral Buffet. No one had any desire to eat anywhere else. We made a-la-carte reservations but cancelled all of them. The buffet dinner featured about 70 entrees every night and numerous side dishes and desserts. The resort caters as much or more to Europeans than to Americans, so you will see some different dishes - that was interesting and fun. The food here was at least as good as the Iberostar Quetzal and more variety/choices. Service was very good. We always sat on the left side beyond the entrance and were treated very well by Eddie - kids loved him and the rest of the wait staff there. We tipped every table per meal wit h$5 for dinner and they were appreciative. These folks work for about $5/day from what I am told.By the way, the Cathedral and most of the other restaurants at this resort are AIR CONDITIONED - one reason we chose this resort. The open air dining at some of these resorts can be way too warm in summer. I have to comment that I really enjoyed Dominican coffee. It is very strong with a unique flavor. I miss it now!  I would add that out of 11 people in the group, one had some stomach distress for part of one day near the end. He was eating suishi and caviar on a regular basis. Maybe he paid the price for that? Maybe not - hard to tell. The beach is fantastic...the pictures on this site don't lie. Beach and water very similar to Riviera Maya. Didn't bother to get up at 5AM to reserve a palapa at the beach but there always seemed some available.If there was a weak spot at this resort for me, it was the pool. Othe people in my group thought I was way too picky ... but at a resort like this, I expect a good-sized poolscape. The pool at GP Bavaro is OK but not as large or freeform as you see at an Iberostar. As commented on this site, at this pool people reserve lounge chairs by tossing blankets, etc. on them and then taking off for the beach, etc. all day. Result is a pool 2/3 empty and no lounge chairs - especially under the palapas. I liked the pool at the neighboring GP Punta Cana resort a lot. It was MUCH nicer and larger, having been renovated last year. The pool bars here were also nicer. For some reason, this pool was also much less crowded with many open lounge chairs in the shade. Go figure. It's also very close to the beach. The Punta Cana Resort is right next to the Bavaro and this pool was a five minute walk from spent most of my poolside time there.  The entertainment - night life at GP Bavaro seems to be so-so. At my advanced age, after a day on the beach, at the pools and drinking a few El Pesidentes, I am tired by 11AM. We did not find the theater shows worth sticking around for - other s did. The disco (open 11PM -2AM) was a hit with the young adults in our group. There was nothing to do in the way of teen clubs, etc. for the 14 y/o's. As other people have commented, the best drinks and entertainment are in the Lobby - band plays Latin music there nightly.All in all, a very nice and relaxing vacation. Would have no problems going back, but we have not been that many places, so we like to try new resorts each time.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>jjfarlow
<Content>Much more than we Ever expected       Thumbs up  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bluemonsterette
<Content>Beautiful Resort We went to the Palladium Bavaro from July 15-22/06 and had a great time. I would recommend skipping the a la carte meals all together and just eating at the buffet. I did not like any of the a la carte meals, but if you really want to try them book early so you can go to the buffet after if you dont like it. The breakfast buffet was amazing and would recommend that you dont skip it because lunch was not that good, just grab a hotdog on the beach. (because we went during the off season lunch was served in a different restaurant which was not air conditioned, so it was too hot to even eat)I really liked all the buffets we went to, every night it's a different theme. The beach was beautiful, the pools were great (all of them were open when we went), however they close at 7pm so that kind of sucks, and the pool bars close at 6pm.This disco was fun and not one employee was hanging around expecting tips all the time.The sports centre was pretty good too, it was just too hot to do anything for too long, the mini put was made of concrete though, so it was prettty difficult.We enjoyed ourselves, just be sure to bring along the pepto, immodium and tums, you will need it!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>bsb73080
<Content>Bring your compass!!! My husband and I stayed here last August. The atmosphere is beautiful, very tropical and laid back. We got a standard room, which I would not recommend, and paid to stay in the Palladium The room was very small and hot and was in need of a good cleaning and some repairs. I am not even sure we were in the Palladium, as there are three hotels connected by intricate pathways to make up a large resort which consists of about 40 buildings each housing about 15 rooms. Upon check in you are given a map of the property, which resembles a small scale town. We spent more time attempting to navigate our way aroung this property than anything else. Hotel employees are very friendly, but brush up on your Spanish before you go or you will be lost for sure. There are signs marking the way to the beach, pools, and restaurants, but make one wrong turn and you'll be circling for days. Good luck finding your way back to your room in the dark!!!Make sure to get to the pools early or you will find yourself without a seat or a towel. I would avoid going near the swim up bars, the tiles qround them were very dirty and all the drinks taste like pool water.The food was decent in the buffets, breakfasts were actual quite outstanding. We ate in one of the fine dining restaurants and were not overly impressed. You are allowed one fine dining meal for every three days you stay on the all inclusive plan. There were live musicians who came to your table to sing for you that were quite good and very charming. Stay away from the hot dogs, not sure what meats are in there but they were hot pink. The Sports Bar located outside the main lobby has wonderful pizza and nachos.All in all the island and beach were gorgeous, but this hotel was a little too overwhelming.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dr.HH
<Content>Awesome vacation at Palladium Grand Bavaro!       Towel art by the maid in my sister's junior suite  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dbanksiii
<Content>Can't Go Wrong with this Resort My wife, three kids (ages 6,8 and 11) and mother-in-law just came back from our trip to Punta Cana, Domincan Republic (July 7-14) and we just had an outstanding time. From the condition of the resort, the friendliness of the employees, the food, and the other guest from the United States and Europe that we meet, it was a great vacation. I am a director of sales for a major hotel chain in Orange County, California and I look at hotels and resort from the eyes of someone who is in the business.I want to thank everyone for the reviews that you wrote because it was important in helping us decide where to visit in the Carribean (Dominican Republic), what part of the DR to visit (Punta Cana) and what resort to stay at (Grand Palladium Bavaro Resort and Spa). This was our first trip to the Dominican Republic. Last year our family vacation was spent in Cancun (right before the Hurricane hit) and though both are beautiful places, Cancun was more of an active vacation while Dominican Republic was a much more relaxing vacation for us.Approach to Punta Cana- Looking out the window of the airplane upon landing, you start getting excited when you see just how green the country is, the endless palm trees,how turquoise the water is and how white the sand of the beaches are. You really don't see any hotels while in the air.Airport: Upon arrival at the Punta Cana airport, you will disembark onto the tarmac, be directed to the customs area. Before entering customs, you will have the opportunity to have your picture taken with the official greeters of the Dominican Republic (two ladies dressed in their traditional dress) these pictures will be ready for you upon your departure from Punta Cana (they frown upon you taking pictures with your own camera, so don't use your flash if you are going to do so). You will then be directed to the area where you will need to purchase your tourist card at a cost of $10. A little bit of advice, split up and one of you go and purchase the tourist card and the other go and stand in the customs line, it will save you a little time. Once you clear customs you will need to go and find the carousel with your luggage. Advice- don't pay attention to the monitors that you will see, instead look for the sign that will be at the carousel. Once leaving the baggage area, you will then proceed to another area where you will find your tour company representative. There will be porters to carry your bag to the shuttle for you.Bus ride- We had a van that took us to our hotel, it was about a 25 minute ride because we had to drop off another family at their hotel first. You really notice just how poor the country is. My 11 y.o. daughter was really surprised at the conditions she saw. You will see alot of old buildings, destroyed buildings, new developments, condos and land.Resort- Upon arrival at the hotel, you are amazed at just how big the place is. We checked in, received our wrist bands and the bell boy then took us to our room. We had Villa 44, rooms 1441 and 1442 which each had their own door and then one common door so we could use only one door to enter and leave the room. Each villa has a stature of various DR Gods which was pretty interesting. The rooms were very nice and clean. We had a 3 minute walk to the pool and 6 minutes to the beach from our villa.Grounds- The grounds were beautiful, clean and seemed to be very well taken care of. There was always signs of some kind of preventatrive maintenance going on (painting of the villas, walkways etc...) and landscaping (mowing lawns, trimming coconut trees etc...) but it was very limited. Pool- The pool was nice and big and had some deep spots, so if you have kids, make sure that they are aware of this. You will receive towel cards, you turn these cards in and will receive a towel for each card. You will need to turn the cards in when you check out and if you lose one the fee is $20 per towel. I saw guest that had their own towels whcih might be a good ideal so you won't have to worry about losing or having a towel stolen (didn't hear any reports of towels being stolen).Beach- The beach was just beauiful. We arrived on Friday and didn't hit the beach until Saturday morning. I woke up and walked the beach every morning (except one) at 6am. In an hour I might have seen 30 or so people out there doing the samething or jogging. Very peaceful during that time of the day. My own little bit of paradise. Of course, by getting up so early, I also had a dual purpose, to stake out a couple of thatch roof huts for the family. As others have mentioned, placing your towels on the recliners tend to work though I did have one incident where a group of six adults took our towels and just threw them into the bushes. You will need the huts if you plan on staying at the beach for more then 30 minutes because the sun is very hot there and with the nice ocean breeze you will feel coller and guarantee to burn. I recommend taking some old magazines and using those in addition to a back pack (nothing important in it) and your towels to save your spot. Yes there are topless women (mainly at the beach, one or two at the pool), but it really wasn't that big of a deal and my kids were over it after they saw the first half dozen or so. There are also two beach volleyball games that are played, once at 11 and then again at 4. They are alot of fun and very competitive. One game turned out to be an American against Germany match and we won 2 out of 3 games. The teams weren't selected that way, it just turned out that way.Bars- I am not a big drinker and the amount of alcohol in the drinks were just fine for me. I discovered a drink called Miami Vice and that is all I drank while I was tehre. My kids feel in love with Pina Coladas (non-alcoholic of course). They have all of the major drinks pre-mixed and add the alchohol once they see you are an adult. If you are a minor (drinking age is 18) or you request it, they will leave the alchohol out. The different color of the bands helps the bartender know who are the adults and minors. Food- We ate at the buffets for breakfast and dinner. The three buffets are La Catedral (at the Bavaro), Las Torres (Palace) and El Behique (Punta Cana Resort). There were five different themes, one for each night (Asian, Mexican, American, Dominican, and Italian). The food and service was good and there was a great selection of food to choose from. However there were flys in the buffets (not in the food) which was never really a problem, they just bugged you. It was pretty neat because the people that you would see in their swim attire you would now see them in their regular clothes. The El Behique was a little smaller but it was nicer then the others. This is the buffet restaurant to go to if you are a couple because you can have your nice romantic dinner because it wasn't as busy as the others. When I say busy, I don't mean that you have to wait for a table or anything like that. There are plenty of tables and no problem with the service. Usually the longest wait will be at the omlette station during breakfast and the blintz line during dinner. There is also a sports bar that is open 24 hours a day with food (pizza, sandwiches made to order, nachos, hot dogs, hamburger and other snacks) with pool and foos ball tables.Activities- There are plenty of activities both on site and off. We never went off the property and the kids were never bored. There is a casino (Palace), disco (Bavaro,it was closed during our stay), and an entertainment theater(shows and watched the world cup there). We didn't partake in any of those things because of the kids (falling asleep by 10:30) but they are available. Sports Center- They have a great sports complex- volleyball, paddle tennis, tennis, table tennis, archery (not available for kids under 16), pellet gun, soccer, chess (giant chess pieces were pretty cool), badminton and basketball were available. We hung out there about 3- 4 hours a day as part of our routine.Tipping- I tipped the porters and bell boys $1 per bag, $5 to the maid per day, $1 to the bartenders per order of drinks and to the towel guys and $5 per breakfast and dinner for the table. Bring alot of $1 and $5 bills for tipping. As others have said, you will receive a great smile from the employees. I found out from Theresa (bartendress in the lobby bar of the Bavaro) that they work 11 days in a row from 9am to 1am and then have 11 days off.Shopping- We found out that the prices in the hotel weren't bad compared to the prices in the outside market. We priced things in the hotel stores and then went to the outside market. Just go to the beac, make a right and you will run into the market. Be prepared for some very aggressive store employees and to haggle on prices. But if you check on prices in the hotel store, you will know if they are jacking the prices up on you. I highly recommend purchasing a couple of paintings, but again, check the prices in the hotel. DO not purchase 151 Rum or Mamajuana because those items will not be allowed to leave the country. Guests- I didn't meet anyone from California or the west coast, but did meet people from New Jersey, Maryland, Ohio, Pennsylvania, North Carolina, Florida and Minnesota and they were very nice and were a pleasure to meet. We hung out with a family from Baltimore and enjoyed their company. The DR is most definitely a Eurpoean destination and it was probably 70/30 Europeans/Americans. Train- There is a little tram/train that goe's around all of the properties and it is pretty neat to ride on. With that in mind, please note that you are a 10-15 minute walk from anywhere in the resort. We had a great vacation and highly recommend Punta Cana and the Grand Palladium Bavaro Resort and Spa to anyone. Try to speak Spanish to the employees and they will enjoy that. Sorry for being so long winded :)  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>melissajesler
<Content>Loved this resort!!!       Enjoying seafood A La Carte  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly recommend this hotel My boyfriend and I, both in our mid twenties, recently stayed at the Palladium Bavaro hotel for 7 days and would definitely go back in the future. After reading many of the reviews I was nervous that the food was not going to be great, or that we were never going to get a lounge chair. Neither of these were a problem at all. The language barrier with fellow vacationers was difficult at times as Americans were few and far between. Much of the staff speaks broken english but they do their best, and were always able to figure out what we were saying.The food was good and each meal had a wide variety of choices. I acutally found the buffet to be slightly better than the restaurants. We ate at the Mexican, Dominican, and Italian restaurants. Of these three, I'd be most likely to recommend the Italian.The grounds of the hotel are beautiful and VERY clean. The resort is very large but there are maps everywhere which make it much easier. We upgraded to the suite with the jacuzzi which was well worth the additional charge. The room was cleaned every day and the mini fridge was re-stocked 3 times during the week as promised. Tips were appreicated, but not expected or demanded.We did not have any problems finding a lounge chair by the beach or by the pool. There were always plenty available. The bugs were a slight problem at night so packing bugspray might be a good idea. As far as stomach problems, bringing immodium would never be a bad idea since the food effects everyone differently. Neither of us had a problem, but did hear that other people experienced some side effects.As far as excursions, we did the ATV/4 wheeler tour as well as the booze cruise. I would recommend them both. Well worth the money, and a great time. I would not recommend going off the resort at night.This was my second stay at a Grand Palladium resort since I stayed at Grand Palladium in Riviera Maya Mexico two years ago. I would definitely recommend both of these resorts, and feel confident that I will look into staying at one of their other locations in the future.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Caribbean1980
<Content>Everythihng you need to know :-) I just came back from a one week stay at the Palladium Bavaro Resort and Spa. We were a group of six (3 couples) looking for a place with a combo of relaxation and nightlife. This resort was awesome! I really don't understand how some people can write such terrible reviews? It's like they're talking about another resort! I've traveled to D.R. three times and the reason I keep going back is because of the people, the value, and the beautiful beaches.So here is our groups general view of this resort:GENERAL STUFF:By day we relaxed swimming and tanning, and at night we dinned, drank, and danced! The great thing was that there were all kinds of people there to mix with no matter who you came with. Some people came with families looking to relax, while others wanted to party. Because this resort is so huge everyone had their own place to do their thing.GROUNDS:Awesome. This place is very well kept and extremely beautiful. Every morning on our way to breakfast we would see staff cleaning the grounds, gardening, dusting, fluffing couch cushions in the lobby, etc. You name it they were doing it, all to make sure the place looked great for vacationers. ROOMS: All three couples opted for the junior suites and we all agree that it was well worth the extra cost. The bathrooms were huge and immaculate. It had a large round two person jacuzzi bathtub (that we used every night!), a separate shower, and a private toilette behind a closed door. There were also his and her sinks with plenty of counter space.BEACH  POOL: The beach was beautiful, but there were a lot of waves. My friends didn't seem to care but I usually prefer a calm clear beach when traveling to the Caribbean. The water was a pretty shade of blue, but all the waves kept it from having that clarity and sparkle that i love about the Caribbean. We did take a walk further down and found other spots where the water was calmer and clearer. The pool was always hopping with activities and fun. We spend a lot of time hanging out there. FOOD: The food was good, however being an all inclusive you can't go away expecting new york city quality food. It hit the spot though, especially the Mexican  Spanish restaurant. The one huge complaint we had was their reservation system. Upon arrival they present each couple (or family) with 3 vouchers for the a la carte restaurants (if you stay for 2 weeks i think they give you 5 vouchers). So even though there are 6 a la carte restaurants you can only try 3 if you stay for a week. Plus you have to meet with the women who takes care of reservations early in the morning to book the ones you want to try. We arrived on a Tuesday, and immediately went to book our restaurants because we heard they book up fast. Out of all 6 restaurants the first reservation they could get us was on Friday night! Between the 6 of us we'd never heard of a resort that does this so we were a little annoyed. We decided to try our luck and show up to the restaurants with out reservations figuring we could tip or talk our way in. It worked because we ended up trying 5 out of the 6 restaurants. The crazy part is, at all times the restaurants are only half full???? EXCUSIONS: Saona Island was amazing and worth the cost! We paid $80pp and that included our bus ride to the boat (1 hour long) the boat ride to the island (about 1.5 hours on a catamaran with music, drinks, and dancing) and lunch at the island. The beaches there were amazing. The water was clear and sparkled, plus it was very warm. We also booked an excursion for horseback riding on a different day. The company was El Pat and since we had six people we talked them down from $35pp to $30pp (we're all from new york so we know how to finagle). That was great, they took us to the beach with the horses around sunset for one hour of riding.STAFF: The staff was so great. Totally helpful, sincere, comical, easy to chat with, and hard working. My boyfriend and I can speak Spanish, however the other 2 couples could not and they spoke English with the staff the whole time without any problems. I think a lot of people can be rude or condescending when approaching the staff, so that might explain some of the negative experiences that I read about here on Tripadvisor. This was my third trip to D.R. and on each trip we've agreed that the people are some of the warmest and funniest we've come across through out our travels.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MidwestFella
<Content>Palladium Bavaro is pure Paradise! Just returned from 7 glorious nights at the Palladium Bavaro. Weather was absolutely perfect and the resort was a true tropical paradise. Gardens and grounds were beautiful, rooms were beautiful. Employees were all more than friendly and were very responsive to our needs. The beach was PERFECT!Only complaints were . . . they don't air condition like we do in the US. All indoor rooms and restaurants were a little too warm for my liking, but didn't ruin my vacation in any way. Food got old after 7 days. Always able to find something good on the buffet and the Italian restaurant Mare Nostrum was great, as was El Accerife, the international restaurant. AVOID the Mexican restaurant El Mariachi Cantina at all costs. This was the first Mexican restaurant I've every eaten at that only offered Sea Bass, Lamb and Veal as main courses!Go - relax - enjoy. Be sure to do the couples massage on the beach. This place is a true PARADISE!!!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A bit disappointed.... My husband and I just returned from the Dominican Republic yesterday. We visited June 30th-July 6th. I will start off saying that the DR people work so hard at their jobs that I gave the resort 3 circles instead of 2 for that reason alone...the resort did not meet our expectations...I'll start with the negative and end on the positive points. We booked the vacation through Apple vacations and didn't have any problems getting to the resort or checking in. It took less than 10 minutes once we arrived. FOOD - The food at the resort is a definite negative. We were really disappointed at the selection and variety. We didn't eat at any of the a la cartes, so I will not speak about them since I didn't experience them, however, I can't imagine they would be much better. My husband who is not a picky eater at all, even had trouble finding things to eat. It seemed everything was the same every night at the buffet. We tried several different things and nothing tasted remotely good. The pizza doesn't taste like pizza and even the pasta sauce was odd tasting. One night they did have turkey which was good and chicken which was decent. But who wants to eat chicken and turkey every night on vacation? My husband tried all sorts of different things and half the time the waiters took away full plates of food from our table. Our third day there I was sick with diarrhea all day and night. I didn't eat for a full 24 hrs and even then I didn't have much of an appetite. I was very careful with what I ate before getting sick and did not drink any un-bottled water. My only guess was the food. I took pepto every day after that to make sure it didn't happen again, but we lost a day and a half of our vacation. If you like to eat excellent food and have choices, this isn't the place for you. We consider eating great food a part of our vacation...but we didn't eat much while we were there. POOL - I was also disappointed in the pool. It was almost like spring break-ish. I like to relax by the pool and you could not do that here. There were a great deal of children at this resort and they were always at the pool - which is fine, but I prefer a more peaceful pool setting. There were also a lot of 14-19 yrs old at the pool who liked to sit at the swim up bar and drink. Again, not my idea of a vacation. Also, the pool needed a little updating as there were pieces of the floor tile coming up, and there was actally a block of tile missing from the bottom of the pool. It was not the cleanest pool I've been in either....I much preferred the beach over the pool area. ROOM - We got the exact room we requested, a romance suite. The room was the high point of the vacation. Exactly as promised and paying extra was worth it since we were almost a stones throw away from the beach. We actually had an ocean-view room. The room was very pretty and very clean. The bathroom was HUGE with a jacuzzi tub and seperate shower and double sinks. Outside the bathroom was the other shower area and hammock that made up the romance suite. Very impressed with the room. Housekeeping was fantastic, we tipped $3 each day and some candy. They came at varying times each day, sometimes mid-morning, sometimes afternoon. Someone other than housekeeping stocks the mini-bar, and they came every other day...If we needed more water, we were able to get it from the bar or at dinner.BEACH - The beach was also great! The reports are true about the towel saving chairs. You do need to get out there early to get chairs and a palapa. We went out about 8am eveyone morning and there were only a couple left. You can find chairs just about anywhere though and the palms provide a good amount of shade if you want them to. The beach was maintained very well and there was security on the beach at all hours of the day. There are also plently of bars on the beach. However, they did try and give you drinks with no alcohol in them unless you specifed you wanted rum. SERVICE - The service at the resort is fantastic. There is a little bit of a language barrier if you are not fluent in Spanish, but most of the time you are able to communicate with each other. The DR people work so hard at their job, long hours, hard jobs...they always smile and approach you with an hola every time they see a guest. We had NO problems with the service. We did do the Kontike booze cruise which was fun! The snorkling wasn't too bad since they will feed the fish to draw them to the boat. I would have liked to went to more sites though. The entertainment on the boat was great, we had a good time. It was after my sick day, so I didn't do much drinking, but I saw plenty of people having fun drinking! I would not recommend taking children on this excursion...Overall, we had a good time, but I doubt we will return to the DR anytime soon and never this resort again. We are both 27 year old professionals who enjoy fine dining and outstanding service. We thought the beaches were great, but we saw better in Aruba, so I can't say that is a big reason to return for me. Overall, expect the service, the trip didn't live up to my expectations.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>3	2	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jbk11
<Content>Almost Perfect First of all let me tell you that my husband and I traveled here on our first anniversary...we have only been to one other all-inclusive resort and that was in Jamaica, but we have traveled extensively throughout the USA and the Caribbean. Also let me tell you that I am 21 years old and my husband is 31. We traveled here June 22-June 29. Flight: We booked our vacation through Apple Vacations and flew on USA 3000 from St. Louis, Mo. The flight was wonderful, they take care of you! They give you earphones for the new release movie, ours was Hoodwinked on the trip there and Glory Road on the way home. Make sure you keep these earphones for your return flight, otherwise they cost three dollars for another pair. They served juice first followed by meal service. Our flight was at 6am so we were served breakfast on the way there. They had two choices: a breakfast burrito or apple pancakes with a sausage link. The meals are very small, but fairly tasty and at least you get one. Also both were served with a biscuit. On our way home we were served lunch and we had the choice of chicken with mashed potatoes and vegetables or fettucine alfredo. Again, not much there, but enough to hold you over for a few hours. After the meal service they came by with coffee and a delicious coffeecake. The airport was very nice and customs was a breeze. Watch out for the airport porters thay are like flies on ****. At the airport on the way home they were huge lines so get there early!  Resort: We were thoroughly impressed with the grounds at this resort. Everything is very well kept and they do a great job maintaining it. Upon arriving we checked in easily. We arrived at the hotel at around 11:30ish and although check in isn't until 3pm our room was ready. When we walked up to the desk there was no wait and the front desk clerk greeted us and once we told him our name he said oh Happy Anniversary. The staff are excellent one day a gardener stopped us and gave us a coconut to drink the milk. The lobby is huge with plenty of seating and they greeted you with a drink. It is all open air and they bar staff is wonderful.  Rooms: We were in Villa 57 room 1575 and I would definatley reccomend it. We had an oceanview, which not many rooms at this resort get that. When we first walked in our room our housekeeper had put flowers all over our room and there was a towel art sculpture decorated with flowers also. It was two swans in the shape of a heart. She also had written Feliz Anniversario in small flower petals on our bed. It was goregous! The rooms are decorated with tropical flowers and dark woods. We were about a 30 second walk from the beach. Our housekeeper was amazing she always freshened our room and our mini bar was always full. I would definatley suggest getting small gifts for your housekeeper, we did and it was a very gratifying experience. We brought her a suitcase full of school supplies, toothbrushes, toothpaste, coloring books, crayons, bubbles, sidewalk chalk, baseball cards, ect. When we gave this to her she cried and said that God answers prayers. She said that she couldn't afford toothbrushed for her four children...so it was a blessing not only for her, but for us as well. Even a little something goes a long way for them. Go to the dollar store and get two toothbrushes for a dollar. It will mean a lot to them!  Beach: Looks like a postcard. There really isn't anyway for me to describe it. You can walk for miles each way. Just beware of the beach vendors near the Royal Suites. They will hassle you to death. Americans~ you will see more boobs than you have ever wanted to see. My husband was excited about this, UNTIL we got there and the reality is that most of them are the ones that you don't want to see. Sorry guys! The only bad thing about the beach is there isn't any snorkeling, but we did go ocean kayaking and that was experience in itself! You have got to do this it is so much fun!  Food: First I need to say that we are extremely picky! We pretty much stick to beef and chicken, we don't eat pork, fish, or any other meats. We are not complaining about the food, because we know that we are high maintenance when it comes to food. You must remember that this is in the Caribbean and they seem to cater to European tastes. They serve a lot of pork, veal, seafood, rabbit, goat, ect. I lost 5 pounds of this vacation, because all I ate almost every day was pineapple and cucumbers. I would suggest bringing your favorite salad dressing if you want it at all, because they didn't have any. In fact, my husband accidentally put tartar sauce on his salad our first day there. For people who aren't as picky this place will be great...it is a wonderful place if you want to try new things. Presentation, variety, and quantity was out of this world! We did enjoy the themed buffets because they always had a demostration, for example they had someone making cigars one night, they had samples of mamajuana (a Dominican aphrodisiac),ect. We ate at three a la cartes, Bamboo (Asian), Cantina Mariachi (Mexican), and Mare Nostrum (Italian). All were beautifully decorated and had a wonderful atmosphere, but again we are picky. So we didn't eat much there.  Bars: The bars are good...we aren't big drinkers, but what we tried we liked. The banana mamas are yummy! Eerie (sp?) is the best bartender there. She works in the lobby bar and the Disco and she is wonderful. We only went to her to get our drinks. We tipped and I will tell you that even if there was a line at the bar she knew what we wanted and she got it and we never had to wait. She is wonderful! They had a huge variety, but no imported liquors, it is all domestic. Stay away from the Cuba Libres...they got to me! They are really good, but will get you drunk quick, especially if you aren't a big drinker.  Entertainment: The animation staff works HARD! We enjoyed all the evening shows...we went every single night and they were all great. Some were ameaturish, but all were very entertaining. We didn't really do alot of the activities during the day, but what we did do was always fun!   Disco: We expected the disco to be boring from what we read on here, but it was always hopping! We had a great time in the disco, always packed, lots of people dancing. Usually kind of slow in the first half hour until they did the Electric Slide every night and then that got the party started!  Shopping: I would suggest to go to the Plaza Bavaro. We walked through the Flamenco hotel and straight out their entrance is the plaza. We got some great prices, but they are difficult to bargain with. They stress me out! We didn't really try to bargain at the beach shopping center because we heard the plaza is a better place to go.   Excursions: We had the moonlit couples massage on the beach for $130. It was worth just for the experience. It is so relaxing to be getting a massage and listening to the waves crashing on the beach. Definatley worth it! We also did the Outback Safari $79 a person. This is a don't miss! Very educational and my favorite meal of the week was on the safari. We had red beans and rice, fried chicken, macaroni salad, pineapple and fresh coconut. YUMMY! We went by several different areas, saw lots of natives and thier children would always wave at us. We also got to tour a home, go by some schools, see how cocoa, coffee, sugarcane, and cigars are made. It was very educational. If you want to shop for cigars, rum, or even candy... they go buy a shop on the tour that is reasonable. We also went to a secluded beach that was BEAUTIFUL!!! Totally amazing.   Pools: They had 4 pools, all have swim up bars. that is a NICE touch. I loved it. The water is so nice, and felt great, if you don't like saltwater ALL the time. There were lots of activities poolside in the afternoon, if you would like to participate. There are also people walking around with a monkey, parrots, snake, or in costume either by the pool or on the beach to get your picture taken with. They do a very nice job. We got a photo shoot on the beach and got about 30 pictures taken. It was very nice.  Apple Rep: Our apple rep(Vladamir) was fun, knowledgable, and will help you out any way he can. He recommended restaurants, excursions and was in general just fun to stop by and talk to. If you have any problems or questions, he is the one to talk to.All in all we had an AMAZING time. We simply loved this resort. It was beautiful and everyone was very friendly. Only bad thing was the food. I am sure it was great for some people, but it didn't meet our tastes. We got so much rest and relaxation. It isn't real active, more of a laid back, relaxing resort. Be sure and take the train around the resort and study your map on your 1st day. You will learn a lot about the resort and won't miss out on as much. We would HIGHLY recommend this resot to anyone, as ong as they aren't as picky of eaters as we are. It is paradise. The pictures online do NOT do this resort justice. E-mail us if you would like to see pictures of anything at the resort or have any questions. We will be happy to assist you.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Febrazuca
<Content>We loved it, great choice!! My wife and I stayed in this hotel for 5 days in April/06 during our honeymoon. We also stayed a few days in Santo Domingo and Cabarete. Punta Cana definitely has the best beaches we've seen in the DR. In Punta Cana/Bavaro you are pretty much stuck in the hotel you choose. I'm glad we chose this one.  I was very impressed with the grounds, the facilities available and the food/drinks. I strongly recommend this hotel for couples and families. If you are single or want to explore the island go to Cabarete instead. Most guests were couples and families in their 30s to 50s. I鈥檇 say half from US/Canada and the other half from Europe, especially Spain and Germany. Here is our opinion on some things:Beach: it was beautiful, like the Riviera Maya/Cancun, very clean, not too crowded, no waves, nice palm trees and some shade. Very hard to find a vacant lounge chair since most folks put their towel on the chair to save it and leave. We got sick of that and started to 鈥渂orrow鈥?these chairs and had no problems 飦? but it is an inconvenience.Rooms: All buildings are 2-story with approximately 15 apartments per building. We stayed near the main lobby near the Cathedral Restaurant. It was a 10-minute walk to the beach but it was a lot closer to most of the restaurants and activities. It doesn鈥檛 really matter which building you are staying. Few apartments have ocean view but all rooms have a nice patio with chairs and a small table. We didn鈥檛 have any problems with our room, it was very clean and new. The mattress could be better though, but it was good enough.Food: We loved the food, the buffets were as good as the ones in the hotels in Las Vegas, great variety and quality. I am surprised that people complain about their food, I was very impressed. The breakfast was awesome, they could provide more variety on fruits though. The lunch was good, good food and lots of variety. Same everyday but we liked it. The theme nights at the buffet were the best, plenty to choose from. Spanish night was our favorite, but all were great. Sunday Night was American BBQ, Monday Mexican, Tuesday Asian, Wednesday Italian, Thursday Dominican, Friday International, Saturday Gala Buffet. If you want to go to the a la carte restaurants book once you check in, it鈥檚 hard to book these. We ate at the Dominican and at the Bamboo (Asian). The Bamboo is horrible, I don鈥檛 recommend. In general, we liked the buffets better than the a la carte restaurants.Bars: they were very conveniently located and served Presidente beer and some frozen drinks. They were not full service bars but enough for me. The swimming pools were very nice also.Entertainment: I thought their entertainment staff was great, they are very animated. They organize a different activity every 30 minutes, I loved the water polo and the volleyball tounaments. They are very very friendly and funny. Tennis courts were decent, they have a sauna, an ok gym, and a bunch of other activities. I was just disappointed with their catamarans and the windsurf gear. The catamarans were crap and hard to reserve, they only let you use them for 30 minutes per day if that. All in all there was plenty to do in the resort, enough for a week at least.I really loved this resort and I would go back in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>pack the diarrhea medicine We staid there for 5 days and were told upon arrival that we were intitled to only 2 coupons for the sit down dinner restraunts. Our first 3 choices were all booked up except for a dinner opening on the 3 rd night at 10:30pm. had to eat at the buffets all the time. Not many people understood English. We were told upon arrival that the frig would be stocked in 20 min. We had to call and beg forthe frig to be filledt 2 days later. Houskeeping was excellent. Grounds were well kept. Thank goodness for the little train that takes you around the facilities, it was to hot to do all that walking constantly. Don't take small kids there-alot of topless bathing at the beach and poolside.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>1	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mcdao
<Content>20-something American couple loved the Palladium We just got home from Punta Cana yesterday, and I already miss the place. My wife and I, both twenty-somethings from Missouri, had a great vacation staying at the Grand Palladium Bavaro. We have small children, and chose to only stay 4 nights away from our kids, which was about the right amount of time. We would have probably stayed longer if our kids were grown or we were childless, but in my opinion-- the Grand Palladium resorts are not a good place to bring small children.Our flight, booked on USA 3000 Airlines through Apple Vacations, wasnt bad-- and the friendliness of the staff goes along way to overcome the defecencies of using a discount airline (lack of legroom, etc). Once we landed in the Dominican, we had no troubles getting through customs or on the bus to the resort. Before you get to the paradise that is the Grand Palladium complex, you do drive past some of the extreme poverty that makes up much of the Dominican Republic. But keep in mind that just by visiting this country, you are doing your part to help.The Grand Palladium complex features three resorts: the Bavaro, Punta Cana, and Suites. For the most part, each resort has access to everything on the other two-- which makes the whole complex rather large. Our first couple days there felt a little bit overwhelming, and we got lost a number of times-- but it really doesnt take very long to walk from one end of the resort to the other. We stayed at the Bavaro side, which I honestly think is the best of the three (even tho it is the biggest and cheapest). The buffets are better, the beach is more active, and it is closest to all of the best bars.One of the first things you'll notice about the resort (and the rest of the Dominican presumably) is the lack of people speaking English. All of the resort employees and many of the guests will be speaking Spanish, but you'll hear plenty of German, French, and Russan as well. Throughout our entire trip-- everytime we heard someone speaking English, we would run up to them and talk to them. We ended up meeting at ton of people from Canada and the US,and hanging out with many of them. The high percentage of Euros at the resort isnt a problem or anything, just something your should note of so that you arent taken completely by surprise. If you like to stay up late (and we did), almost all Europeans seem to be go to bed by 11, and most people you see will be speaking English. It would certainly help you out in communicating with the employees if you know a little bit of Spanish, but you can still get by without knowing any. All food is labelled in multiple languages, and if you can say hable' ingles?, you'll find an employee that speaks english in most parts of the resort (especially the bars and lobby).We spent our first two days at the Palladium checking out what the resort had to offer. We checked out the beach for a bit and got some sun, played some beach volleyball, hit the swim-up bar for a bit, and got a bite to eat. We watched one of the employees scale up a 50 foot high palm tree just so the guests could shoot photos of him. The beaches at the Palladium are world class and much nicer than the pools, and the resort and activity seems to be geared around this. In the days, we had a great time hanging out as a couple and doing activities, in the night we generally hopped around from bar to bar and made our own nightlife-- with the help of the other couples that we met down there. I would definately recommend talking with the other guests on the resort, swapping stories and laughs, and having fun together.Unless its your honeymoon (wink, wink), isolating yourself really isnt the way to go when you're in another country.[[ ACTIVITIES ]] - We signed up for a 60 minute massage at one of the huts right on the beach. It cost about a hundred bucks for both my wife and I. My massage was great, and the girl took care of the whole body, front and back. My wife however, said that her girl really didnt know what she was doing, and my wife's back was aching for the rest of the day after the massage.On our third day in the D.R., we took the half-day party cruise excursion put on by the Kontiki folks. This cruise was fantastic, and everyone on the boat had a great time. The first part of the cruise was snorkeling, which was so-so, but once the party began it was amazing. The crew did a great job of keeping everyone dancing and everyone having fun. Michael Jackson and Prince made an appearance, and the booze was flowing aplenty. There was actually a huge rainstorm that was going on during our party cruise (after the snorkeling), and it just added to the effect. I highly recommend it.[[ BEACH ]] - The beach at the Palladium is amazing. The sand is white and sugary, the water is clear green and warm. The employees clean off the seaweed every morning, and there is hardly any at all on the beach. We never had a trouble finding a chair in sun or shade, and there are large beautiful palm trees all over the beach. Yes, there are lots of topless women on the beach, but after a day or two-- you barely notice. I didnt mind at all when my wife ended up surprising me and joining in with the euro women in going au natural. She joked that she felt like less people were staring at her when she was topless (remember, Americans are the minority here) There are plenty of beach bars, non-motorized sporting activities (catamarans, kayaks, volleyball, bocce ball), and you wont be harassed by vendors. There are merchant huts available if you go to the beach and walk right, and I had fun negotiating with them one day for some cigars and toys for our kids.[[ POOL ]] - The pools are never quite as crowded as the beach, but there are always people there. They seemed a little disappointing to us at first, since the only other tropical destination my wife and I had visited was the Moon Palace in the Mayan Riviera, which features probably the best pools in the world. But there are swim up bars in each of the pools, and the entertainment staff does bingo, water aerobics, and water polo (but not very often, and only at some of the pools). We didnt spend a whole lot of time by the pool-- but if you just want to curl up in a lounger with a book, there is certainly plenty of opportunity to do that.[[ ROOM ]] - We didnt pay for an upgrade of any kind on our room, but it was fantastic. Not as nice as our room was in Mexico, but definately top knotch. The room had a mini-bar that was stocked every other day, a large jacuzzi tub right in the middle of every thing, vaulted ceilings, a large balcony, marble floors, and cable tv with at least 50 channels. The room was clean without any bugs at all, and the maid service was good. We did bring 2 gift bags for the maids, and I know that they were appreciated.[[ FOOD ]] - The food at the Palladium is good. Dont let anyone else tell you otherwise, seriously. We ate at 4 different buffets and all but one of them was fantastic (avoid Ariffice by the beach). For dinner, they do a different theme every night at the main Bavaro Cathedral buffet. There are seriously at least 60 different things to choose from on the buffet, including a grill section and a nightly noodle bar. Our favorites in order: Mexican, Italian, Asian, American. Lunch is best at the buffet next to the Punta Cana pool, as the Cathedral is closed for lunch. This resort gives you coupons to make reservations at the 7 or 8 a la carte restaraunts, but the day that we arrived-- each restaurant was booked up for pretty much our entire stay. We ended up getting reservations at the DominiThere was a large balconcan restaurant (La Uva), and we went there one night. We ordered off the very limited menu there and waited almost 90 minutes without getting as much as our appetizers-- and then we just left and went to the buffet, which was fantastic. We ended up skipping our later reservation at the Spanish restaraunt because we wanted to eat with our new friends. Breakfast is also good on the resort, altho they stop serving at 10am which seems early. Definately get the cafe' con leche, as the Dominicans are very proud of their coffee.[[ DRINKS ]] - Our stay at the Palladium was overall a great experience, but the biggest negative about the resort was the drink selection. There is really no top-shelf American liquor available (except Bombay Saphire Gin at the Bavaro lobby), which was a disappointment. They also don't have some of the juices that are commonly used in American cocktails (no cranberry juice, and the orange juice is from powder). The local domican rums are certainly not bad, but I dont think they have the alcohol content of their American counterparts. The only beer that the hotel has available is the Mexican El' Presidente', which isnt bad, but isnt great either. We certainly drank alot of them regardless. We met some people who went to some other resorts down there (Secrets, Princess Bavaro), and had no trouble getting top shelf liquor or American beer. But that said, the Bartenders are creative and just about anyone could find something to drink here. My wife highly recommends the Aculpulco, which you can find at the Bavaro lobby bar (tastes like Strawberry Ice Cream). Also, I should note that there were days were it seemed like we drank all day long and still didnt get drunk. Very odd.[[ NIGHTLIFE ]] - I realize that some of you who just read what I wrote about the drinks will think that we are just American crazy party people-- but in reality-- we have two small kids and rarely go out at home. That said, we tried to have a good time in the evenings with the other couples that we met. We spent time in the Bavaro lobby bar each evening, where the service and drinks were always top knotch. There was a live band, some people dancing, and the ambience was georgeous. We also found our way over to the Casino a couple of times, where plenty of people actually won money.The Casino is very small, however, so don't expect much (just Roulette, BlackJack, and a dozen slot machines). We spent another evening in the Sports Bar which is a nice place to mingle, and open all night. The discotecque is o-kay, and you can make it fun if you go in there and act like a total goofball (we did one evening for a half hour or so). Every night, the employees also put on a show near the Bavaro lobby. We went to the Magic show, but ended up leaving after a few minutes. Some people appeared to be enjoying the show, but maybe since we dont know very much Spanish-- we didnt get the jokes. Some might say that this resort doesnt have much nightlife, considering that it gets awfully quiet after midnight-- but we made our own nightlife with the Americans and Canadiens that we met down there and had a blast.[[ SUMMARY ]] - Overall, I think that the Grand Palladium is a beautiful place, and worthy of the 5-apple designation that Apple gives the resort. Punta Cana is a fantastic destination with its beautiful beaches and perfect weather-- and I know that it will continue to grow in the years that come. While we will probably come back to Punta Cana some day-- we would probably stay at a different resort next time. No knock on the Palladium, it is a great resort, but we are the kind of people who like to try something new. Happy traveling everyone.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fun in the Sun at the Grand Palladium Punta Cana In my overall caribbean experience, which I've visited six other places, this rates as my top favorite desitination and resort.Arrival: From the time we landed to the time we got into our room was approximately 1 hour (includinjg going through customs). We arrived at the reort late in the evening, around 11:00 and the staff couldn't have been more pleasant and helpful. We stayed in building 4 which had an excellent location to beach, pools, and restaurants. The room was exceptionally clean and the mini-bar was stocked three times a week. Grounds: This resort is actually a bonus...it's three in 1. We stayed at the Punta Cana and had full access to both the Grand Pallaidium Bavaro and Palace. In fact, the palace was only 50 yards from our building. The Bavaro was about a 10 minute walk, but they also had a tram shuttiling you around. Very nice way to get a chance to see the entire grounds and familiarize yourself. The grounds were extremely well kept up, well lit and protected. Very safe for all.There was also a great sporting complex which had soccer, archery, putt-putt, rifle shooting, basketball...something for everyone. It was well lit at night also.Pools: There were four pools encompassing the three resorts. Each had a swim-up bar and a friendly attentive staff. Very clean and lots of activities. There is a shallow area in each pool for younger kids. Chairs and towels were plentiful.Beach: The beach was immaculate! The staff did a great job making sure it was cleaned daily. Chairs were also bountiful...not matter what time of the day, they were always available. The water was great, few waves and lots of activities. There were also beach bars so you never had to travel far for a drink!Restaurants: There were several restaurants to choose from; Oriental, Italian, Spanish, Mexican, Seafood, Buffetts that serve breakfast lunch and dinner and a 24 hour sports bar. The buffets had good food, the typical breakfast/lunch stuff, but a HUGE variety. Dinner was a different theme every night. We went to the Mexican and Seafood, both were excellent and the staff made it a great evening!Shows: We only went to one, but it was one of the best shows that I've seen at a resort. The staff put a lot of time and energy into their performance and it showed!! I was thoroughly impressed.Disco: This was definitely not your typical resort disco...it was better. The staff started off showing dance moves and giving lessons, there was a limbo contest and the music was great. We had a great time and there was lot of people to make it fun. Casino: Went into one night, lots of slot machines and met a few people who actually won some money...$400+. Shops: There were a row of shops with a variety of souvineer/sundaries/food items. It was nice to not have to leave the resort for anything and they were reasonably priced.Apple Rep: Our apple rep was fun, knowledge, and very attentative. He recommended restaurants, excursions and was in general just fun to stop by and talk to. Resort Staff: I was extremely impressed with the staff at this resort. No matter which Palladium you were visiting, you received top-notch service with a smile. They do speak a lot of spanish, but we did not find this to be a problem. We even learned some ourselves. We did tip here and there and it made a difference, but even if you didn't you still had exceptional service. Kids: Although we don't have kids, there were tons of activities for the little ones. They had a kids fort with a play ground and activitiy center, a kids disco and it was fun to watch all the kids have a great time while parents were able to relax.Excursions: We did the Kon-Tiki Calopsyo Snorkeling Trip and had the absolute best time. I HIGHLY recommend this excursion for a great snorkeling opportunity and party time. It was only 15 minutes from the resort, and it was 4 hour tour. There was a lot of dancing and the rum punch...YUM!!! The Kon-Tiki staff was extremely entertaining and fun. They even dressed up as Michal Jackson and Prince and did a show. This was a just overall fun filled afternoon that was well worth the money.Summary: The Palladium Resort was much more than a five apple. We highly recommend the Grand Palladium Resorts in Punta Cana for a fun-filled vacation which was also very relaxing. This is one resort that I can't wait to go back to.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>admkmd
<Content>Great Resort! My boyfriend and I just returned from Punta Cana. We stayed at the Grand Palladium from 5/26-6/2. We loved it! As many have mentioned, previous reviews made us a bit nervous about our decision. Let me just start by saying if you expect everyone to speak perfect english and the food to be american you should probably not consider international travel. There were mostly couples staying at the resort, some familys, and a couple groups of friends. Most of the visitors were from Europe, Canada, and US. We heard that the summer months are typically mostly European, as most Americans decide to travel there during our winter months. Either way, we met many Europeans and every one was very friendly...but expect lots of topless ladies and thongs on the beach!Beach: Like everyone has said it was awesome! We were not there during their high season so we never had a problem finding a chair. No matter what time you could get chairs in the sun or shade. Getting a cabana was a bit more difficult, but if you get up early and put your towels out then go back to sleep you will have it all day.Resort: Grounds were beautiful. It was a very large resort, we walked it but many preferred to take the train.Pools: The pools were great...4 in all, each with a swim up bar. Cabanas were almost always available at the pool no matter what time of day. (again we were there in low season).Food: The food was hit or miss. We loved the spanish restaurant, did not really like the tex-mex place, and ended up skipping our last reservation. The buffets were good most of the time, enough variety to find something for everyone. We had our worst meal at El Behique (sp? the one next to the round pool). Breakfast was awesome! Dominican theme buffet was our favorite. The food did get to us by the end of the week, but there are plenty of bland items to eat when you aren't feeling well!Drinks: like some have said they are weak, but if you specify that you want extra liquor they will fill you up! Best drinks are in the main lobby.Excursions: We did two. Saona Island was a full day excursion. It was really fun and relaxing, beautiful beach and could dive for star fish. We were a bit disappointed with the Marinarium excursion. Sharks and Sting rays were neat, but that was about it. We heard it was great snorkeling and we were not too impressed.The staff was extremely friendly. I was shocked at some comments saying they were rude. Everyone was nice and we had a lot of fun participating in beach volleyball and other activities with the staff.Nightlife: pretty much non-existant. the lobby bar is busy all night. we heard it was safe to leave the resort to go to clubs, but we were always so tired after long days of drinking in the sun so we never felt the need.Overall, we absolutely loved the resort. We would definately go back again! Our only complaint was that they did not fulfill our request for only beer and water in our mini bar. But when you can get beer and bottled water at every resturant, bar, and pool it really didn't matter. If you are going for a relaxing beach vacation you should love the Grand Palladium!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dpv357
<Content>Incredible value! Don't hesitate to go here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!       Just like a Corona commercial, miles away from ordinary!  
<Date>May 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>yellowsunsun
<Content>Excellent time!!! Great place and wonderful staff!!! My Boyfriend and I stayed at the Grand Palladium Bavaro from April 30th until May 14th 2006, we had an excellent time!!!!!!!!!! Only 25 mins from the airport!!!!Weather : The weather was amazing!! Nice and hot and humide!!! 30+ everyday. It rained once during the two weeks. Can't complain!!!!! You're better off to stay at the beach during the day because of the nice breeze. Cools you off just right!!!Staff : What can i say.... amazing, friendly and they always have a smile on their face!!! Very good service. The only thing, not too many of them speak very good English. The ones that were quite fluent were the staff at the front desk and a couple at the main lobby bar. Ask for Gilberto at the lobby bar, he will help you out!! He is amazing!!!! Just tell him Bill and Tina sent you!!!! Rooms : we stayed in a junior suite. Beautiful and huge!!!! Nice Jacuzzi tub and huge bathroom. Very clean. Most rooms are garden view, but still very nice!!!!Food : Food was very good. Buffets had lots of variety. If you don't like the buffet food, they have an Italian corner that was always good ( pizza and pasta). They have many different buffets and a la carte restaurants that you can use at all three hotels ( grand palladium bavaro, Pallaium Punta cana and the Palace) The Mexican was the best!!! We went there three times!!!! Ask for Edwardo if you go to the Mexican... he is the best waiter!!!They also have a sprts bar open 24hrs... snacks and drinks available!Beach : the beach is beautiful!!! White sand and blue blue water!!!! And very warm!! Warmer then the pools!!!!! And there is a nice breeze, so you won't roast out in the sun!!Activities : lost of stuff to do, but quite $$$. So if you are interested we heard that the Saona beach trip was good as well as the jeep tour. We didin't go on any trips. Lots of stuff to do around the hotel. Aerobics in the morning both on the beach and in the pool. The instructors are great!!! They are fun and don't bug you to do anything..... they are also part of the pool staff. very nice and friendly!!!!!! Nightlife : Ther is a disco at the hotel Bavaro ...... not the greatest...... ask a cab driver to take you to MANGU. This is another disco outside the resort located at the Flamenco Hotel. all the tourists form the other Hotels go there as well as some of the locals. It is very safe and a good club. 6$ us to get in. Also, the bavaro hotel have night shows every night at 10 pm ( located beside the disco at the Bavaro resort) The shows are just ok. The Palace also has a very small casino if you like to gamble!!!Advice : take the little train around the rosrt to find your way around. You can see all the rosorts that way!!!! Or just take it for fun!!! heheheheeeeOverall this hotel was amazing!!!! No complaints!!! We would recommend anyone to this hotel!!!! Enjoy if you go!!!!! Tina and Bill  
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelin'couple
<Content>Nice Place...Palladium Bavaro!!       food from Buffet Arrecife  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Palladium Is GORGEOUS My friend and I just came back from the Palladium Bavaro and I have a LOT to share:PROS:1. The grounds are GORGEOUS as everyone has said. Tons of palm trees, grass, beautiful flowers, fruit trees and a gorgeous stretch of white sand and crystal blue waters. Everything was well taken care of and didn't see any type of deconstruction around the entire property. Nothing looked shabby in the slightest and you truly felt like you spent your money well. There is a tram that goes through the properties but we never used it since we have no problems walking. Yes, the grounds are pretty expansive and you do have to walk some to get to places but not as bad as others have made it sound. To get anywhere would be 10-15 minutes MAX and it's worth walking around the beautifully laid out paths around the different areas of the resort. 2. The rooms are quite nice! We were upgraded to a Junior Suite but I have a feeling most of the rooms are Junior Suites and they say this to make you feel special. Nonetheless, the room was very large, lots of closet space and a HUGE jacuzzi tub in the bathroom that could easily fit two people. Beds were a bit firm but I'm the one who like a TON of featherbeds and pillows around me so I'm biased. TV works with lots of english speaking channels and the maid service comes in every day and does and excellent cleaning job (better if you tip more, of course). 3. The food at the buffets are really very good and a HUGE selection. If you're vegetarian, you'll have no problem eating a ton of food like everyone else there. Tons of fresh fruit, juices, meat selection, salads, seafood, pasta, pizza, etc. And this is for both breakfasts, lunches and dinners. Definitely don't miss breakfast either since it's absolutely incredible the choices they have! Please know that my friend and I are bartenders and foodies so we have relatively high standards for food but liked a lot of what was on our plate. Also I nice note is there is a smoking and non-smoking section so no one feels as if they are being bombarded with other people's cigarettes. 4. The beach and pool areas are truly clean, comfortable and gorgeous all around. Yes, it's true, you do have to wake up early to find two seats next to each other but hey, whatcha gonna do, right? Didn't have much problems finding seats at the pool, however, so if you're not too picky, just do that. I do recommend doing it early, like around 9 but that should be enough. Also the pool areas are very close to the beach which is nice too. 5. Service is fantastic. I don't know WHAT people are complaining about when they say people there are rude. Again, my friend and I are in the service industry so we are a lot or relaxed about how we are treated (we know what it means to work hard for our cash) but all in all, everyone there was beyond helpfull, respectful and fun! Yes, we tipped a lot but not until AFTER we received good service. Also keep in mind that if you are nice to them, they will be nice in return so if you have an attitude from the getgo, well, you deserve it back. Also, the english speaking there isn't as bad as I thought. Yes, it does help to know how to order drinks but they are typically willing to be patient with you. CONS (which really aren't CONS since they're kinda petty but thought these should be noted for certain type of people):1. They do not fill the mini-fridge that often in the rooms. This is somewhat picky and really quite irrelevant since you can get anything you need from the bars around the whole resort but for some of you who like the lazy feeling of getting up and doing nothing, this may be a concern. Didn't bother me all that much except I've heard other resorts go CRAZY with the room ammenities (i.e. bottles of rum waiting for you, flowers on the bed, etc). 2. Although it's all you can drink don't expect much out of the drinks you'll get. They use cheap liquor in the drinks and not much of it either. You will have to order more drinks than normal if you are lookin to get your groove on so be expecting of that. I found that if you tip them before the first round and explain you want extra booze, they'll usually deliver. 3. Late-night activities at the resort are a bit lacking. The club on the grounds, Sunset Boulevard, is quite sad and the Sports Bar reminds me of something you'd see at an airport at best. If you're with a large group of people, you may be fine but when it's just two of ya, it's kind of boring. Also, the shows they put on aren't that great either. It sucks too because you know the dancers have put SO much work into them to make the guests entertained but they just miss the mark. Granted I only saw one but I cannot imagine any of the others would be better. But at they try!4. The casino isn't all it is cracked up to be. Really small, not that many machines or tables. All in all a bit depressing.5. Do NOT go to any resort of this nature with just one friend. Everything there is either as a couple or as a couple in a HUGE group. I could be just guessing all this but I don't believe I remember seeing anyone there who wasn't holding the hand of anyone else. This isn't a CON per se but more of a warning if you think you'd be uncomfortable about this. I think that about covers it. If you're looking for a gorgeous place to relax and unwind, you should definitely go here!  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Thibojo
<Content>Great Place to stay ! As a Belgian (Brussels) citizen, aged 46 and with a lot of travel experience (for business and for holidays), spend, from April 26 through May 5th in the Palladium (Fiesta) resort.Had a GREAT time overthere ! Nice room, nice people, good food, nice grounds, nice beach, etc..The resort is huge - basically 4 hotels on one site - To get around I suggest to use the funny train (particularly handsome in the evenings if you want to go to one or another restaurant). It feels a bit like a Disney train.... but it is for sure also convenient to get an overall impression of the estate and of the specific locations of the swimming pools and different restaurants.The grounds are very well kept - a huge effort for such a big estate - there are gardeners working all the time to keep the grounds green, clean and tidy.The hotel has a very long beach (due to its size) and the beaches and the sea are very nice. Perfect for long beach walks.Due to the trees and vegetation it is possible to have some shade on the beach. The beach is clean and well safeguarded. Not too crowded. Fitness - just adequate - material is not top notch - but you can always have some swims or beach runs...Rooms - had a luxury room with jacuzzi - great - size is more than adequate - everything worked perfectly (fridge, tv set, jacuzzi, etc..) - sponsored the cleaning lady 1 usd per day and that worked out perfectly well - linnen and towels changed every day.Pools - plenty of them - had a close look at all of them in the resort and am of the opinion that the one close to restaurant Bejique was the cleanest and most quiet one. The other ones were also ok but I preferred this one. The one in the area of the Royal Suites was not the cleanest one.....Restaurants : tried a lot of them on the estate - in general, buffets showed in my opinion a lot of variety : always fresh vegetables and fresh fruits, choise of pre-prepared food or of instantly coocked stuff. Absolutely adequate. Service was overall -with some exceptions in two specialty restaurants- good or very good. As far as a ranking is concerned : - the buffet restaurants : restaurant Bejique is top notch for lunch and dinner - not necessarily so for breakfast- food, service, atmosphere 脿nd location are very very good ; Torres is good - food for dinner is good and it's there that you get the best breakfast on the estate (more choice of fruits, etc..) (service is also fine, location and atmosphere a bit less). - the specialty restaurants : during my stay was able to do : Arrecife (International Cuisine) , La Gran Cantina Mariachi (Mexican) , Mare Nostrum (Italian) and El Quijote (Spanish).From a food point of view : El Quijote and Mare Nostrum very good, Arrefice good and Mariachi average.From a service point of view Mare Nostrum and Arrefice very good, El Quijote and Mariachi average.Bars - all pretty good - service also pretty good Tipping - it indeed helps to tip regularly (be it at the bar, in the restaurants or the people serving you the drinks at the poolside or the cleaning lady). So, yes bring a lot of 1 usd bills along.Overall, when I'll return to the Dominican republic, I'll go to this place again.It has nice rooms, nice and friendly people around, good food, nice swimming pools and nice beach. And overall, in my opinion, the price quality ratio is good.What more would one need to have a nice vacation .... ?If further comments or questions required, please let me know.thibojo@yahoo.com  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Resort! Long review but helpful....wedding details included       Massages on the beach!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Listen To The Reviews!! My Husband and I and another couple have just returned from Punta Cana On March 26th. Before we left I started to read some of the reviews and thought to myself maybe this was not the place to go.. Well we had a wonderful time and we WILL be going back!! We had no problems at the airport. Customs was pretty easy to go thru. (Just make sure when you are on the plane that you fill out the blue paper before you get to the airport to save some time in line. You will get thru faster) Coming and GoingWhen we got to the resort it was so BEAUTIFUL and the workers all greeted you when you arrived and helped you to your rooms. The rooms were very clean. Yes bring little gifts for your house maids. It does make a difference and as far as the house maids being nice they are!! We always left her a dollar and something little. Make sure you leave a note for them for the gifts or they will not take it due to geting in trouble. We always had clean towels and the drinks were always filled in the mini bar in our room. We had a room safe and we did use it, but I did not feel that it was not safe if you forgot something out. The pools were very nice and clean. The swim up bar was great!! We did tip the bartenders because usually the drinks were alittle stronger when you did. A dollar means alot to them.We went on the Safari Tour which everyone should do. Very interesting. On this tour you will visit the village, have lunch in the mountains and go boogy boarding. Beautiful Water!!We also went on the Tiki Boat Adventure. Here we went snorkling for the day and partying on the boat. LOTS OF FUN!! Specially if you like dancing!!Went on a 4-wheeler adventure to a village and rode the back road. Lots of fun. Bring gifts for the kids. Candy is great or colors. They love MM's and gum. I would not give them money at least they tell you not too. I did notAs far as the food... We really never ate breakfast but the morings we did they have everything. Lunch is pretty normal too. You can find anything. Now for supper situation. Make your dinner reservations when YOU ARRIVE!! They book up early. We had two reservations for supper and we canceled our third one. We thought they were ok. Pretty fancy. I would just go to the alley carts. They have everything but get there at supper time.You can bring US money. They like it when you purchase with it. Brings lots of $1.00's and smaller bills. Sometimes they can't break big bills. $20.00 are great.They do speak alot of English and my husband and I did not speak but two words of Spanish. Don't worry if you can't we had no problems. They will work with you to make you understand them or by just shaking your head no they will understand. They try to speak English and some do. The Apple Vacations Reps that are in the lobby are very helpful. If you have questions or problems they will help. Make your reservations with them for your activities and tours. So as far as reading the reviews from people don't worry, go and HAVE A GREAT TIME!! We did and we will go back!!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I       A crowdie pert of the beach  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Snooze You Lose       From the beach buffet entrance  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>kmb563
<Content>great week at grand palladium bavaro stayed at the palladium march 25th - april 1. we were there for my 50th bday and booked thru apple vacations. there was a huge variety of food to choose from at every meal. i really enjoyed the variety of juices at breakfast and the pasta at lunch. they served wine at lunch and dinner and it was good. we were never hungry and we never had any problem with the food or drinks. we did not get sick. the beach was beautiful, water warm and plenty of chairs. at nite we chose to stay in the lobby of the palladium where they had live entertainment - it was a popular gathering place. the train runs back and forth between the hotels and we used it often. the casino is small but o.k for a little diversion. we used the spa services and the massage on the beach is worth trying. we did not have perfect weather - it rained some and it was partly cloudy for a couple of days, the last day it rained all day so we did some shopping and rested. overall it was a great value and a beautiful resort.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place, Newly Renovated Let me start out by saying that the photos on the websites, such as Expedia and even the Fiesta hotels website (company who runs the hotel chain) are not up-to-date. The hotel was newly renovated in 2005. Not all areas, but there are four brand new indoor restaurants. Very beautiful decor.We never had a problem finding chairs on the beach or by the pools. There are four very large pools to choose from, but if you want a seat in the shade, it is best to get out there before 10am. We are not picky and would find a spot by the pool or beach after a little searching. The beach fills up quicker in the morning, since there are limited shades spots. Beach towels are usually unavailable after 2pm, since some people were trading them in every time they get them a little wet. Once they give them all out they are gone until the next morning.The food was very typical for an all inclusive. It was easy to find things that we liked. Keep in mind, they do not prepare foods the same way we do in other countries. Even there meats taste differently. It is not that it is bad, but it is different. If you are very particular about what you eat, all inclusives are really hard to stay at. I recommend El Quijote (Spanish) a la carte for dinner and the Cathedral (near lobby) for breakfast. Be prepared to do alot of walking typically unless you always wait for the tram. The grounds are enormous. The beach is huge and you can walk for miles in either direction. There are many shops along the beach to buy souveniers. Beware of the large markets just to the North of the hotel entrance. They try to charge you triple-even quadruple what the actual cost is. You can definitely work them down, but takes a lot of back and forth. Check out the hotel gift shops prices to see what things should cost. Overall the hotel gift shop was the cheapest and most hassle free way to buy. There are 4 or 5 gift shops on the property run by the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>aixboy
<Content>Will Go Again to the Palladium Me and the wife (both in our 30's) just returned last night from this resort. We were not sure what to expect after reading all the mixed reviews on this site, but let me tell you, we returned last night at 3am, and now at 9am I feel the need to come and defend this resort from all the negative posts that I feel, are comming from EXTREMELY picky individuals that can not and WILL NOT ever be satisfied. During our eight days, we had ZERO count them ZERO problems hence NO complaints. Its easy folks, do the math, take in consideration what you pay and what you get back. At the end of the day it will be a win-win situation, and we felt that we definitely got our money's worth. Everything was EXCELLENT, service, food, drinks, resort grounds, etc. etc. Don't believe the negative reviews - TRUST ME, we've seen people at this resort complaining for minuscule non-important matters (maid comes to early to clean the room - duhhh - place the do-not-disturb sign on the door) that me and the wife both agreed; these are the hard to please folks and these kind of people are the ones that will come to this site and will give the negative reviews because one morning the maid showed up early to clean their room. CRAZY I tell you.Great value for the money. All, the good reviews were right on the money - I disagree with the bad reviews (picky , picky and extremely picky individuals AGAIN, will post bad reviews because they can). Don't expect Cirque de Soleil in the Theater - you didn't pay $200 / ticket . . .so UNDERSTAND that they have 15 different shows - and the same people that try to entertain the guests. The staff works hard - I spoke to them . . .11 days on - 3 days off -- 4 or 5 jobs a day . . from 8am to midnight . . .all that for a mere $250 / month. If you UNDERSTAND and expect service in regards to what you pay . . you WILL enjoy immensely this resort. Believe me . . . if I could . . .tomorrow I'd fly back and stay another two weeks without hesitation.Tony G.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Laura_AnnArbor
<Content>Nice vist but we will not go back.       Palladium beach - nice.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>go4dgold
<Content>You won't be disappointed in this resort! March 20-24, 2006 is when we stayed here and had a great time. I had no idea of what to expect other than photos I'd seen on the internet. My daughter and I went for her spring break from college and wanted a place to lay in the sun and relax. This fit the bill perfectly. Our room was beautiful and situated next to one of the many pools on the resort. We spent more time by the pool than on the beach. Be prepared to see many women swimming and sunbathing topless. The food was good with many choices to choose from. Be sure and book your ala carte restaurants when you first arrive. The number of times you can go to the ala carte restaurants will depend on the number of days you are there. We were there Monday through Friday and were able to go to two. We chose the Mexican and the Dominican and loved them both. We went twice for 60 minute massages on the beach and would have gone every day. The cost for this service depends on the type you choose. For the two of us, the price was $116.00 each time and well worth it.We didn't take any excursions but that was ok...we didn't want to spend the day on a bus.The flea markets on the beach, just past the locations of the boats, were good, but once you've see one, you've seen them all. We did find plenty of things to bring home for family and friends.I think (for what it's worth) you could drink the alcoholic drinks at the bar from morning through night and not be intoxicated. Evidently their drinks are not as strong there even though you see how much alcohol they pour in a drink. Guess this is a good thing!This resort is spread out, so be prepared to walk or wait for the jolly trolley which wasn't too long to wait for. They run two of these trains most of the day.Things to be sure and take with you:1. A bar of soap. They supply only the little bars and don't work well in the shower.2. A wash cloth. We only got one the first day we got there and never saw another for the rest of our stay.3. Plenty of one dollar bills for tipping.4. If you are able to bring with you items like gum, candy or makeup, the maid service is greatly appreciative. We left things on our pillow each morning as we went out for the day.5. Plenty of sunscreen.Over all, how can you go wrong with 85 degree temps, plenty to drink, good food, lots of things to do if you choose to do them and a comfortable place to lay your head at the end of the day? The only adverse thing that I can say is, American's are in the minority. Once you find someone who speaks English, you won't want let them out of your sight! I would say that 10% of the people there speak English. We played bingo by the pool one day, and the bingo caller, gave the numbers out in 6 languages! So you can see the people come from many places. Enjoy your trip...we certainly did.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had one of the best vacations ever This was one of the best vacations I've ever been on. We had a group of 6 all in our late 20's. We all upgraded to the junior suites which I would highly recommend. The rooms were very spacious and had a giant jacuzzi tub.The beach was gorgeous. The pool was very nice too and had great shade if you need it. The swim up pool bar was great. There are also several drink huts on the beach. Be sure to reserve a chair with a towel at the pool or the beach by 10am. The sun is strong and I put on a lot of SPF 30 and still got sun poisioning. Be sure to stay in the shade from time to time. The spa is great. I got a 60 min massage for $50.00 and it was very relaxing. There is a ton to do on the resort. We loved the piano bar and the drinks were great. Be sure to order the Banana Mama, its the best.The grounds are gorgeous with walkways nice for evening strolls. The food was much better than we expected. Definetly book the tex mex a la carte restaurant. It was great. The buffets are huge and the food is good. No one in our party got sick or had GI problems. Bottle water was everywhere and drank plenty of it.Make sure to bring $1 bills to tip.We went on La Saona Island tour. It was great, although the bus ride there in the morning was a little long. Overall we had a great vacation and would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ballwin_MOLauraV
<Content>Gorgeous Beach  Pros: One of the best beaches I've ever been to. Yes, it can be windy, but then you go to the pool and it's not. Several drink huts on the beach and guys grilling burgers and hotdogs! Lots to do at the resort if you want to. Entertainment of some sort every night. Gorgeous grounds with walkways nice for evening strolls. Our room was large and clean. Lots of languages spoken which we thought was interesting. Someone at the front desk and our apple rep always spoke English.Cons: Book your a la cartes the first night you are there. We only had one because our stay was 4 days and we couldn't get a reservation for any of them. Buffets would get a little old if you are staying for a week. The buffets are huge and the food is good. Lots of walking, sometimes more then we really wanted. No premium liquor brands. No pay per view in our room.Tips: If you can upgrade your room to be closer to the pool or beach, it would be worth it. Take $1 bills and a bar of soap. They have the tiny bars of soap and they don't suds up well. Good place to have a group trip. You should be able to have a great time here!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful time with minor glitches My boyfriend and I (ages 24 and 26) just returned from our stay at the Palladium Bavaro Grand. Overall, we had a great time.The grounds are immuculate and lush, the beach is beautiful (water nice and warm!), and the food is great too. The buffets had a wide variety for all meals. I especially loved La Catedral! If you are a vegetarian you will always be able to find something. We ate everything and had no stomach problems from any of the restaurants. There was plenty to do during the day but very quiet at night. The only complaint I can think of is that the staff does not speak much English at all. Also, you will walk a lot here which might not be for some people. We didnt really mind it that much. Just remember that this is a RESORT...its big. There is a train that will take you around if you really can't walk the walk but it doesnt come very often so walking is quicker.We took two excursions: the Outback Safari, and a trip to La Romana/Altas de Chavon (I think that is the spelling). The Outback Safari was awesome! We got to see the countryside and go body boarding at a beautiful beach. The trip to La Romana, however, was TERRIBLE. It was waaaay too long and we were stuck in a bus for most of it. We never actually went to La Romana. We simply were taken to a shopping warehouse on the outskirts. We also were taken to a cigar museum that was simply some pictures on a wall and a cigar shop at the end of the hall. The only good parts of that trip were seeing a cave and taking a riverboat ride.My only other warning to Americans traveling here (dare I say it) is that you should not go here if you will mind being in the definite minority. Most guests here are Europeans who strongly dislike (or at least won't even acknowledge) Americans. My boyfriend and I are very open minded people so this did not bother us. However, it might bother some others.Overall, this place is wonderful. Enjoy your trip (and take me back there with you!) :-) Ok, it was worth a try!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it... My bf and I just got back from a 7day stay at the Palladium Grand (3/10/2006 - 3/17/2006). All in all it was a wonderful trip with minor hiccups here and there that we soon forgot about. I echo all the good things people have said on this trip and was very appreciative for everyone's advice. I agree with everyone that the rooms and service was awesome and I'll try to keep my comments to things that I hadn't read on the message board.When we arrived at 3pm they didn't have our reservation - which could have been Expedia's fault. We had to wait an hour to clear this up. You just have to keep on top of the receptionist and also not be too uptight. We did find many angry ppl in the lobby however who arrived prior to the check in time of 3pm who had to just stay in the lobby for hours. My advice to those whose flights are coming in before check-in time: ask for a wrist band, change into a swimsuit and lounge by the pool and explore the grounds. Food - Both my bf and I loved the buffets and the variety. Luckily we did not get sick and drank and brushed our teeth with bottled water. I also got fresh coconuts some mornings when I saw the maintance guys sitting on the lawn and cutting them open with a machete and asked nicely. I know some ppl didn't like the food as they wanted burgers and fries most of the time. The Gala Buffet was the best! different cuts of meat - duck, beef, rabbit, pork; seafood - shrimp mussles and other foods such as paella, pasta etc. We were the first in line to get our a la cartes on our first night 5:30pm and we were by the desk. We only got 2 of our choices Nostrum and Arricefe. Both were good and it was a good break from the buffet. Arricefe is more of seafood and lobsters are extra $36 or so. We also got to do a beach side BBQ with our last ticket which was windy but I liked. Drinks were great but strong - I liked the Miami Vice.Beach - Beach is nice but not as nice as I hoped. White sands and such but the waves were strong too but it could also be the time we went. We got a lot of beach and ppl were not on top of one another. We were able to find chairs most mornings before 10am. We also lounged by the pool. Did some topless sunbathing and plenty of people watching. The sun is strong and I put on a lot of SPF 30 but got sun poisioning - bf didn't though so just watch out.. stay in the shade from time to time. Activities - a good selection but we didn't do it besides pool volleyball, tennis, table tennis and pool.Spa - I didn't do any of the paid packages but there is a steam room and outdoor jaccuzzi. However, there are separated by sexes. Male and females don't go together. Night time - There is live music in the lobby and lots of ppl go but I found the bar by the pool in the resort part nicer and younger. Plus I stayed in the 7000 area so it was closer by. I also liked the Sports Bar a lot just to hang out.Highly recommend this place.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lots of fun, sun and sand!!       Lobby Bar  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Amy_Bee_0
<Content>Satisfying Vacation My husband and I stayed at the Grand Palladium Bavaro from March 1 to 2006. We used the reviews on this site to choose which resort we wanted to go to. We found a price online and took it to Flightcenter who were able to match it. The package was through Air Transat Vacations. Flight - Uneventful. 'Breakfast Snack' was a carrot muffin and fruit salad with orange juice.Arrival - About a 20 minute wait to get our passports stamped and submit out tourist cards (these were filled out on the place). Some of the luggage from our flight was on a different carousel from the rest so it took a little longer to find but wasn't a big deal. Check in - We had to wait about 20 minutes for our room cards (in the nice lobby with a cold drink) but we did arrive a few minutes before offical check in. The rest of the check in was done (wrist bands, towel cards, etc) was all done as soon as we got there. Our porter took us and our luggage to our room. He did a great job explaining the mini fridge, safe and bathroom for us even though we don't speak spanish.Room - We were in room 6324 in building 63. The deluxe room looks exactly like it does in the other pictures on this site. Our room was right next to one of the pools and a short walk to the sports complex. We were about a 5 minute walk to the beach. One of the nights the sink stopper got stuck closed. On our way to dinner we explained (or acted out much to the amusement of the front desk and us) what was wrong and it was fixed by the time we returned to the room. We found the staff very patient with our bad spanish and had little trouble getting what we needed.Pools - We spent a lot of our time by the pool close to our room. People did save chairs but we were ususally able to find a couple empty ones whenever we went down (usually around noon). There were people who walked around selling excursions or asking to take your picture but didn't take a 'no thank you' badly and if you were reading or sleeping they didn't bother you.Food - We didn't bother going to the a la cartes since the buffet had a different theme every night and the reviews on the a la cartes weren't very good. Breakfast was our favorite with all the usual hot breakfast options, cereal and fresh fruit (7-10am). Lunch and dinner were typical buffets and we could always find something to eat. They had pasta and pizza if you couldn't find anything else. Actvities - I'm not sure what people were talking about when they said the activities were hard to find. We got a schedule when we checked in and found the activities we wanted at the appointed spot and time (archery, rifle shooting and nightly soccer game). They gave out certificates at the evening show if you won any of the activities during the day. I think if you got 8 certificates you would win a t-shirt. Overall - A nice relaxing holiday with no bad surprises.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great time We stayed at the palladium from March 2 - 9, 2006. It was a great vacation for all of us. We were a group of 8 and they went out of there way to accomidate us at the buffets and the ala carte restaraunts. Most seating is only for 6. The buffets were really good, with a lot of variety. Everyone should be able to find something that they enjoy. We did not have any trouble getting reservations for the ala carte restaraunts, however we booked them the first night. We had a problem when we checked in with our room. They told us it was ready when in fact the people checking out were given a late checkout. It was several hours before we got our room because they did not have any rooms available in that section of the resort and the rest of our group had there rooms there so we decided to wait until it was cleaned. They tried hard to make up for this mistake by bring us a fresh plate of fruit and a bottle of rum the next two evenings to our room. Th beach and the ocean were the nicest and the most beautiful I have ever been to. If you are a beach person as I am you will have no complaints.  The one peice of advice I have to offer is not to take any jewelry of value with you to Punta Cana. I used the safe in the room all week and had no problem. However on the return trip I had 2 gold necklaces taken from my carry on. The only time they were out of my possession was when they were checked at the airport by airport security. Even though I was standing there watching my bag being searched they were missing when I got home. So leave them at home. We took the outback safari and thought it was great.If you are at all interested in seeing the real Dominican republic this is the excursion to take. The guys also went deep sea fishing and the ocean was really rough that day. They all got sick and did not have an enjoyable time. The overall trip was great and I would recommend this resort to anyone wanting a relaxing beautiful vacation. We were wishing we were staying two weeks when our week was up.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>raymitchell
<Content>best holiday ever WE just home from palladium bavaro and it was great;A couple of glitches on day one, our mini fridge hadn't been filled and our room safe needed a battery'Our transat rep JANE got things fixed that day and then it was fun,fun,fun. FOOD; lots of it and lots of selection. ala carte restaurants were OK (we only did 2) but found the cathedrale and others very good.It's a big place, so we walked or took the shuttle train. Did the Bavaro jungle trip, and day trip to Santa Domingo, both were great. Some good local shopping in the little village just off the beach behind the Royal suites. would go back in a minute.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A dream........ We just returned from a glorious week at the Grand Palladium Bavaro. I was, admittedly, a little hesitant after reading the hit and miss reviews on this site, but we had an amazing week and an amazing time at this resort. I should also mention that we are not first time travellers, but it was our first time in the Dominican Republic.First off, I have to say that any of the frustrations that we had, and we had just a couple, were more out of ignorance for the pace of life at the Dominican. We are from Toronto, and are used to the hustle and bustle of the big city. Not so in the Dominican. The only time we really saw anyone truly hustling Toronto style were the porters at the airport. With a little understanding, and a little patience, you will find a new found respect for the Dominicans and remember that not everyone in the world moves at the same lifestyle pace that we do. Our frustrating experience was at the front desk where the check-in was a little slower than we expected. After careful consideration, the check-in process took maybe 5 minutes instead of what it could have been, which was 2 minutes, but we took it in stride.After the experience at the front desk, we were a little wary, but in all honesty, everything was uphill from there.Here is a summary of the positives I agree with from past reviews:- Jr. Suite - beautiful, clean, great water pressure and temperature, great jacuzzi tub, everything was working, the mini-fridge was re-stocked every 2nd day [which was fine by us]. We left $10.00 at the beginning of the trip and the service was outstanding.- Beaches - wonderful, picture perfect, but get there early if you want a palapa in the busy sections of the resort. However, there is an undiscovered treasure of palapas which are on the very east end of the Bavaro resort side which are free most of the day. Sure, we also saw people save spots and not use them, but we weren't too bothered by it.- Pool - beautiful, hot, great service, but get there early or you will be on the grass!!!- Grounds - immaculate! Constantly being upkept by staff, my husband even say a groundskeeper washing the walkway with soap and water!!!- Service - we had no issues with service, all of the staff were friendly and helpful, and we always had a supply of drinks on our table with very little waiting [hint - find your table at the buffet, the waiter will usually be by within 2-3 minutes, order your drink and it will be there when you get back from the buffet, voila!!!!]- Staff do not speak a lot of English, but I was prepared for this. I thought it was part of the charm and wanted to learn how to speak a little more Spanish. I certainly do not expect visitors to Canada to know the entire language, nor do I expect that I should have to learn 10 languages to have to communicate with visitors to Canada either!!! This is a family resort, but there were few kids there, which was, in all honesty, a bonus for us, as we wanted to relax. And last but not least....food!!! Hit and miss on this one, I'll stick to the restaurants at Bavaro for my review.La Cathedral - buffet at Bavaro - excellent! Lots of variety and excellent quality.La Arriciefe - lunch buffet - excellent! Again, lots of variety and excellent quality.Sports bar - not as good, but hey, I went to the Dominican to try new food, if you think North American burgers and hot dogs will be made well in the Dominican, think again. This resort is definiately not for the hamburgers and hot dogs crowd! A la carteLa Quixote - a must for those with a seasoned palate! I highly recommend the grouper for the main dish....it is outstanding! Easily the best meal we had all week. This is the only restaurant we went to at Bavaro for a la carte.La Uva - Dominican specialties. It was also good, but we'd had the Spanish the night before so it was not as good as that meal, but still very good.Mare Nostrum - Italian food. Also good. My recommendation here is to take small portions at the salad bar because the portions are enormous!!!We had a great time! I have a sensitive stomach, and neither my husband or I got sick, nor did we see or hear of anyone else getting sick.My husband is a chef and I was quite worried that he would not like the food. We both loved it! First rate, food was always hot, fresh and lots of variety and flavour.OK....the negatives....depending on how you see it- not for people looking for a lot of interaction with other vacationers at the resort...there wasn't a lot of mingling amongst guests for the most part- this resort is not for people looking to party all night at a disco....this resort is for people looking to relax and unwind.We are already planning our trip for next year, and will definiately return to this resort.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Malatoria
<Content>Fantastic Palladium Bavaro       Punta Cana Holidays  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise on Earth!!! My boyfriend and I just returned from an absolutely wonderful week long stay at the Grand Palladium. After reading some of the negative reviews, I was a little worried about the hotel, but boy were they wrong. Sometimes, I wonder if they stayed at the same hotel!!! This was our first all inclusive, Caribbean vacation and we loved it!!Upon arrival into the lobby, we were immediately greeted with some fruity drinks and were whisked away to out room within minutes. We stayed in a deluxe room that was less than 100 feet away from the pool and one of the buffets. Everything in the room was in working order and was immaculately clean after housekeeping. We saw some potato bugs and centipedes every once in a while, but was no big deal at all. Always had plenty clean towels, the trick is to put dirty ones in the tub before the room was cleaned. Tip: Leave the maid some candies or chocolates with $2. The pool was beautiful and very refreshing. We did not have any trouble getting chairs anytime during the day. It is very important though to get chairs under the canopies if you are fair skinned like me. Sunburn can really put a damper on the night. At certain times during the day, the staff comes to take pictures with visitors by the pool. One day I had my picture taken with a monkey.The beach was breathtaking. The water was so crystal blue, clean and nothing like I have ever see in my life. I am used to New Jersy oceans, so this was a huge change. If I could have, I would have swam all day. Also, very entertaining to watch all of the activites that are going on in the water. The food in the buffets was different. Some things were delicious, while others were not so good. But, as everyone says, you could never starve. My favorite was all of the fresh fruit. The pineapple and the passion fruit were so tasty. Plates always cleared promptly and drinks refilled when ever you need. We were able to get three ala carte reservations, one at 7 o'clock and the others at 9 o'clock. To tell you the truth we enjoyed eating later in the evening. As it always worked out, we would eat a late lunch and would not be hungry at the normal dinner hour. The Mexican ala carte was amazing. Definately, the best food we had at the hotel. We never got sick at all the entire stay. We took Acidopholus the week prior to leaving and the entire time we were there, surely did the trick!!Most of the staff were very friendly and spoke enought English to get by. It was so refreshing to see how happy the staff was, always dancing and singing. But some were not...At the ala carte reservation desk, the two women were very snotty and talked on phone the whole time while we were making our reservations. A two minute process was blown into a 25 minute ordeal. Also, we got a weird vibe from some of bartenders, like they were talking about us or looking down on us. We started the week giving them huge tips(bring plenty of singles), but scaled back because it is not appreciated. The drinks are very tasty ( my favorite was the Coco Loco) and the beer is somewhat similar to a Budweiser.And as everyone else has also written, the grounds are absolutely beautiful. The staff is always attending to them and making sure every piece of grass is in place. Th lobby is also gorgeous and turns into the hot spot at night with a live band. The casino is quite small with only a couple of tables and about 20 slot machines. I played $10 on a slot machine for over an hour. The stores are also very expensive. We had to buy a bottle of aloe for $23USD, absolutely ridiculous. So, make sure you bring enough sunblock and aloe. We also took a walk down the beach to a flea market. We bought a few things, but it is almost an annoying experience. They bug you to visit their stores and surely they are way overpriced. The internet cafe is a nice way to keep in contact with home..$5 for 30 mins and $8 for 60 mins. Sometimes crowded because they only have three working computers.All in all, we could say we had a perfect vacation. It was the most peaceful and relaxing vacation we have ever had and we plan to go back very soon.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>wannabeabeachbum
<Content>Great holiday at the Palladium Bavaro       Great ride on the Catamaran  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>HarryJunior
<Content>Hit and Miss       Horseback riding on Bavaro Runners Excursion  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dls1018
<Content>for a relaxing vacation... Just returned from a four day mini vacation at the Grand Palladium Bavero hotel in Punta Cana. It was very relaxing and a beautiful resort, as stated by the best travel agent, Jane at goawaytravelWe made the resevation only one week before and even went to the airport inPhila. without any documents. But just as Jane said everything was ready andwaiting for us. The plane took off right on time and we were in our hotel by11:30 AM. We had a room just off the beach which was great because the propertyis very big. We were also very close to 2 pools and many restaurants. The hoteldoes have a tram that goes aroung the property but if you are just too tiredafter sitting in the sun( the weather was great, warm and breezy)than you canwait for the tram. It runs about every 15-20 minutes.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Darkangel79
<Content>Amazing except for the food       The Beautiful Beach  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bresco
<Content>Excellent Vacation When we were looking for a vacation property and decided on the Palladium Bavaro, we disregarded the negative reviews. Glad we did. We stayed from Feb 25 - Mar 5, 2006. This resort is absolutely an amazing property. We flew with WestJet from Hamilton, ON, through Air Transat. Jane, the Air Transat Rep, at the Bavaro, was amazing. Any problems go to her. She can get things done when any issue may arise.Language - We did find that a lot of the personnel did not speak English well, but tried. The housekeeping staff was most likely the worst at attempting English, for the most part. Most spoke well so that we could understand and be understood. For those that find this a problem, don't go to a foreign country where English is not the first language. Food - delightfully refreshing. There were a lot of choices at the buffet. If you are cautious of how much you eat and how much you drink you should have no problems. Overindulgence to a point, you might say. One member of our party had an issue in the bathroom for one time only. She took imodium and all was good. We think it was because she had too much deep fried foods in one day. Something that would have happened at home as well. She does not eat those foods regularly. She just made her food selection to narrow for the day because it looked so good. There is so many other types of food to enjoy. The oil, we think, is of a coconut base which is a natural laxative. So bear that in mind when making choices. We did have some undercooked meats on a couple occasions and just didn't eat them. Went up for something else. Not a problem. Hey let's face it, they are cooking for almost 2000 people between the Bavaro, The Palace, and the Punta Cana (Fiesta). Demographics - Tons of Europeans and Canadians. The Americans are there but at a much lesser degree. The ones that I spoke to were not used to being in the minority and found it to be a little unnerving at first. They made some new friends and everything was okay by the end of the week. So as Americans you need to have an open mind when staying at this resort. For all I know it could be the same across the DR. Couples, families definitely a majority. I'd say the mean age was around 40 or so. Beach - no explanations needed. Awesome. Definitely put your towel down on your way to breakfast. All the Palladiums were full to capacity and the Bavaro seemed to have most of the people on the beach. Also the beach is the busiest beach I have ever seen. That was not something we expected. Literally it was packed. And shade is at a premium. So get it while you can. There are 3 volleyball courts on the beach. One at each of the resorts. Go for a ride in the catamarans, kayaks for sure. It is a blast. In fact, we had the cat out during a quick rain (20 minutes or so). Too much fun. We brought a nerf football too. And make sure to bring a beach bag. It is usually a bit of a walk back to your room if you forget something.Weather - it rained on 3 of the nights we were there and for about 20 minutes on one day. Other than that clear blue skies, a bit of a breeze always, and at least 82 degrees. You will need a little sweater or coverup in the evenings if you do not like it cool. Especially for the ladies with the open shoulders.Rooms - awesome. No problems at all. We had a power outage just around 7:30 on one night. A breaker must have blew or something like that. The power was back and running full tilt in less than 20 minutes. Some guy freaked out at the staff in the lobby and jumped over the counter demanding a manager and a rebate. He got right in the staff's faces and was freaking. When a manager showed up with 2 big security guys the guy refused to stop sitting on top of the reception counter. They escorted him to a back area to discuss his issues. I think they handled him well. He really was being a total jerk.Service - very good overall. The Dominican people do not multi-task well. One task, one person. So if you call the front desk they will not necessarily complete the task you ask as they will have someone in front of them asking for something else. Then they forget that you even called. Not a service issue more of a lack of understanding of how to complete so many things at one time. It happened that we were to leave our room for 12:00 and check out. Our bus pick up time was not until 9:30 that night so our luggage was to be picked up and placed in hospitality. I called to tell them it was ready to go. At 7:00 we went to hospitality to get our luggage and it wasn't there. They went from luggage to luggage in the main lobby and there it was just sitting there waiting to be claimed. It had to have been there all afternoon. Thank goodness it didn't end up on a bus to the airport or else we would have had no change of clothes for home. OBSERVATIONS - Our only major complaint was that the hospitality suite is an communal bathroom/change area. Separate showers. Not a suite. There is NO BLOW DRYER there. I went to the lobby bathroom after changing and used the hand dryer for my hair as I didn't want to leave it wet for the duration of my stay. Not a big problem, more of an inconvenience. The other is the lack of non-smoking areas. Being a non smoker and living in a region were smoking is completely prohibited literally everywhere it was a tough go for the time there. There are non smoking areas but they can be right next to a smoking area. We just did a lot of moving or waiting for tables at dinner. A lot of Europeans don't understand the difference between non smoking and smoking so there were several who were smoking when they were not supposed to be. Just an observation, not a complaint. As this would happen in any vacation area where several nationalities are living together. Unless you are used to wearing high heeled shoes, don't bring them. All the floors are tiled or sculpured cement floors. Slippery and uneven. You only need low sandels or flats for this resort.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>terrilain
<Content>Grand Pallidium Bavaro We just returned last night and for the first time in the last 4 years I ws glad to come home. THE ROOM - We had a junior suite, I had upgraded to this because I love the great bid jacuzzi tubs. We were in 3 different rooms while we were there and not one of the tubs worked. While the rooms were very spacious, beautifully decorated and appeared clean the dead spider was in our closet for 3 days before I removed it. There were the largest millipedes I ever saw sharing our room. THE FOOD - We were unable to make any reservations at the a la carte restaurants because they were all booked. The buffets - plentiful, lots of variety. Not the greatest but not bad..middle of the road.Lots of deep fried food. Unfortunatly we became sick from it...lots of people there had GI problems...something I never experienced at any of the other resorts we stayed at. My daughter had to go to the hospital because she was dehydrated from vomiting so much and met 2 other people from our resort who were there for the same reason. Between the 2 of us our medical bills were over 90,000 pesos. I'm not sure yet what that is in Cdn dollars. Thank God for travel insurance.THE POOLS - Nice, clean, well maintained. Unfortunatly if you got there later then 8:30 AM, all seating was gone, as well as that on the beach. Some people put there towels dowm to claim seats and only showed up for 10 minutes of the day. THE STAFF - were exceptional, very friendly, very helpful, one of the best things about the resort. The general management staff appeared very helpful with problems, made a number of promises that they didn't keep, and then became unavailable. We were left waiting in the lobby to speak with the General Manager for almost 2 hours. We kept being told just a few more minutes.......he's on the phone, he'll be out as soon as he's done.....He's on another call........soon.....a few more minutes....... then we were told he had left ..to go on vacation!!!!!!Please come back tomorrow to speak with the assistant GM. THE GROUNDS - beautifully landscaped, well maintained, a real pleasure to walk through.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved everything especially the service       Parasailing  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I am still dreaming about it!!       Cecelia and Mike (she wanted the bright shirt - bought in Bavaro  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel This hotel is the summum of class! The Palladium Punta Cana is the same, but not too big. And the Palladium Palace is great too but the reception is not the same class. The chambers palace are hot with spa and very clean. Service is smiless, republican in general are serious and not very funny. The beach is very clean and water very clear. The breakfast buffet are the same day after day and the diner buffet too. Spanish and italian 50%, english 20%, Russian 10%, french 10%, other 10%.To relax and pass a great trip go there! And the Palladium Bavaro is better. And dont drink glass water!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Kris-in-KC
<Content>Loved It!!! My husband and I just returned from a 5 day stay at the Palladium. I must admit that we had fairly low expectations after reading some of the more recent reviews, but I must say that the Palladium exceeded our expectations!! That is why I rated 5 stars!! We went to the Palladium to relax and enjoy the beach  sun and we did just that. We loved our vacation and plan to return to this property. We stayed in Villa 9 which was conveniently located to a pool, the beach, and one of the buffets. Our room was very clean when we checked in and we found no bugs (in the room) during the stay. The grounds of the resort are immaculate! I was actually surprised at how lush and green everything was. (the grounds reminded me of Hawaii)I will agree that the food is not great, but our thought was this: we did not go on this vacation for wonderful food. The buffet food was fine. I am a vegetarian and always had more than enough to eat. (there were some interesting dishes on the buffet-one night we saw goat and another lunch buffet had rabbit) We ate at the Dominican restaurant for our ala carte and had a wonderful meal. We found the service at the restaurant and the buffets to be wonderful. Our water and coffee were always refilled quickly and our plates were quickly cleared. We also found the bartenders to be very friendly. Most of the employees we encountered spoke little English but we never found that to be a problem. One thing about most of the bars: they have the local brands of liquor and the local DR beer (Presidente) If you are looking for premium liquor in your drinks, this may not be the place for you. (good thing I liked Presidente) I saw someone who posted about the drinks being weak. We did not find that to be the case at all. In fact, watch out for a drink called the pina colada especial. We had some of these at the pool bar and I think they contained 151 rum. There was a bar near our room (called the Piano bar, although there was no piano) that served premium liquor. We would usually hang out at the piano bar after dinner with some of the couples we met. Another fun place to hang out after dark is the huge hotel lobby. There is a bar and lots of tables, chairs and sofas. Most of the nights there was a band playing. A few tips: 1. The sun here is very HOT!! I never burn but managed to get red after our first day. Bring lots of sunscreen and re-apply it often. 2. Bring some Pepto Bismol and Immodium. We spoke to several people who experienced GI issues. 3. Bring lots of one dollar bills. We found that some of the stores did not have change (in American dollars) for larger bills. (we also used the dollars for tips which were much appreciated by the staff). 4. Put your towels on a chair on your way to breakfast. We found that after about 11:00 it was difficult to find chairs at the pool or beach. 5. Have fun! Again, this is probably not the place you want to visit if you are looking for 5 star dining and liquor. If you want to relax and have some fun in the sun, you cannot go wrong with the Palladium. We are definitely planning a return trip!!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>paradise We have just returned from The grand palladium bavaro yesterday. It was our first time at an all inclusive resort. The rooms are very spacious, we had a junior suite which was very comfortable. the dominican people are very friendly. The food was good the beaches and pools very nice.I would go back here tommorrow if I could. the weather the beaches no rain just sun!!!!!ohlah!!!!!!!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sheilalr
<Content>Perfect family holiday The Palladium was wonderful - very clean and the food was good. My husband and I stayed at the Royal Suites section - worth every penny - and our three boys, 22yrs. 18 yrs. and 15 yrs shared a loft suite at the Palladium Palace, next door. The staff was friendly and the boys met people their own age from all over the world. Huge resort but easily accessed on the trolley that runs all day and most of the night. Lots to do and every night a different theme at the buffets. We did not bother with the a la carte restaurants. We did enjoy going from lobby to lobby and hearing the different bands and trying local drinks as we wandered. The trolley makes it easy to move about the four hotels in this one resort.If you go, request a room at the Royal Suites in building 50. Or if you are booking a loft suite, request villa 92.Our boys had room 9217 and it was right on the beach, 2nd floor with a to-die-for view. It was quieter than the ones near the pool. I would recommend this resort as good value and also recommend flying Air Transat Club Class. We saved ourselves at least 3 hours of lineups and had wonderful flights. That too was worth every penny.If you are going and have specific queries, I would be happy to help.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DCitalophile
<Content>A good value, with a few kinks We stayed at the Palladium Grand Bavaro. The hotels grounds are immaculate. The room (a Romance Suite) was very spacious and near both the beach and pool. One of the highlights was the staff: they were great, from the groundskeepers to the maids to the bar and wait staff. We booked through Apple Vacations and their staff was competent and helpful. Apple had 2 reps on duty in the hotel lobby and, since they spoke excellent English, they could help us with some of the kinks we had with the hotel. More on this below.Positives: very clean, incredible beach, ample bars and watering holes all around the campus, excellent athletic facilities, and again cannot overemphasize the friendly staff. I would recommend this place, but arm yourself with good information from people who have stayed there before. On your way in, grab one of the oodles of people checking out and get their advice. I think the pitfalls I discuss below could be avoided if you know what you're up against from the outset.Rooms in punta cana don't really have views. Beaches are monopolized by beach huts and restaurants, so don't expect a room right on the water. This surprised me.Also, very family friendly: so if you want a quiet, adults-only vacation, consider a resort specifically for that preference.No snorkeling right on the hotel's beach (too many waves and no reef), so you have to book a separate excursion.Hotel extremely clean and everything extremely well manicured.Wouldn't recommend horse back riding in Punta Cana, as horses are malnourished and are not what you would be used to. (Hotel does not have horses, you would book this separately).Expect, as with all beach hotels in Punta Cana, people to solicit you frequenty on the beach for tourism trips and excursions, etc. This can get rather annoying, but the people are friendly enough).Tip: if you want a beach chair at the beach or pool, go there before 9am or so and put your magazine or towel on your chair. There aren't enough to go around!The more frustrating kink was the hotel's dinner reservation system. At check in, we were given 2 dinner reservation tickets for reservations in one of the Fiesta resorts' many alla carte restaurants (vs. the large buffets where reservations are not necessary). We were told to make the reservation at the Customer Relations desk. First, the line to make reservations was long (wait time ranged from 10-25 mins). When we finally got to talk to the Customer Relations representatives (not very experienced ), they flipped through the book for each restaurant and told us that all slots were taken. They put us on the wait list, which looked really long. We ended up getting a reservation at La Uva, for Wed night at 6pm (oh well), but we did not get another reservation the rest of the week. At first, we were worried, since we were not impressed by the large buffet at the Grand Palladium. We were relieved to discvover that the buffet at the Palace was much better - excellent really. So we enjoyed 3 excellent meals, however only one of them was at one of the promised alla carte restaurants. However, exceedingly frustrating was that the alla carte restaurants were never more than 35 percent full, that we saw, during any dinner time. This means that the hotel wasdeliberately limiting the number of available reservations at the more intimate and more labor intensive alla carte restaurants, and in doing so were steering people to the much more cost efficient buffets. We found the lack of available reservations, and the logistics of the reservation system in general (you don't find out if you have a dinner reservation until the afternoon - or evening! - you are supposed to be dining there) to be very frustrating. We thought it was really false advertising, since a diversity of restaurants was promised. I tried to speak to a manager about this complaint, but was given the brush off. I let it go since it was, afterall, our vacation and I did not feel like fighting with someone.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent holiday!!! We (two couples in their early 50s) just returned from a one-week stay at the Grand Palladium Bavaro Spa Resort. I would highly recommend this resort and hope to return.There are three Grand Palladium resorts that you can play at. The Bavaro is the most central and is close to everything. We stayed in Villa 73 - next to the pool, close to one of the many buffets and restaurants, a short walk to the beach, two bars plus the swim up bar at the pool. We were upgraded to a junior suite. Our rooms were huge, with a jacuzzi, large separate shower, an upstairs loft, a sitting area with pullout couch, two tvs and balcony. The only drawback is that you have stairs, so to go to the bathroom in the middle of the night, you have to walk a long set of stairs. The rooms are very clean and comfortable. One of the rooms had air conditioning problems. The beach is awesome, beautiful white sand - wide and you can walk for miles in both direction.The pools are excellent (4 to choose from). We stayed at the one closest to our suite. It was mostly adults. There are huts and lots of chairs. You can sit in the sun or choose a shadier spot. This pool had no activity except for the swim up bar which could get noisy in the afternoon depending on who was there. No problems in getting a place to sit (we are early birds). The resorts were fully booked but yet we never felt crowded or had long line ups to deal with. The grounds are absolutely beautiful, well-kept, luscious gardens. There are covered walkways throughout the resorts. Carry your map especially the first few days - it is easy to get lost. We loved taking walks through the resorts. There is a train that meanders all the resorts every 15 minutes, so if you get tired of walking, just jump on the train. I recommend you take the train the first day so you can get an idea how big the resort is and how many facilities there are. After one week, I am not sure we saw it all. The food was excellent. It is hard to get a la carte reservations, however, at both dinners we went to they were not full. If you have a late reservation and can't wait, I would suggest you take a chance and try to get in earlier. We were very happy with the buffets, the variety was good, and it is nice to be able to come and go as you please. I found that on holiday mode, I don't like to have to rush to get somewhere at a certain time. Book your restaurants as soon as you arrive. Overall we would rate the restaurants good, but not spectacular. The buffets were excellent. Service is excellent in the buffets and around the pools (staff will bring you drinks at your chair).The weather was beautiful throughout our stay. It rained for a few minutes a couple of the days, that was all. Always a nice breeze throughout so you never feel overheated. Warning: drink lots and lots of water, and get in the water often even more so if you are in the sun a lot and drinking alcohol. It is so easy to get dehydrated. Our group all had a touch of diarrhea at some point, not because of the food, but we think because of heat exhaustion and dehydration, could also be because we ate and drank more than usual. Bring imodium with you just in case. The resort is very international in nature, many Germans, Italians, French, Polish, Russians, Canadians and Americans. The staff were very professional, helpful, and friendly. Most speak very little english, some french, but we managed to communicate our needs just fine. We booked our holiday via Air Transat. We highly recommend you go to the orientation session. They will give you all the ins and outs, how and when to tip, who to talk to, etc. Jane, our representative was available in the lobby every morning except Tuesday. It is preferable you book your excursion through your rep. It is so much easier, and she can speak Spanish for you. We went on the Marinarium tour. We had so much fun. I snorkelled for the first time and with sharks to boot. The other good thing it is only a 1/2 day, so you can still enjoy the resort. There are more tropical fishes to see at the Catalina island trip than the Marinarium. I would highly recommend this resort to my friends especially if they are looking for a restful, beautiful and quiet resort. I would say that the average age at the resort was around 40 - 50, lots of families, I even saw three people who had wheelchairs. Can't comment on the pool/beach activities and nightlife because we never participated or stayed up late enough. There is a small casino with 50 slot machines and 6 gaming tables. If you want a good drink, go to the piano bar. It has no piano. It opens at 6 pm and they will make all kinds of drinks with namebrand liquor. There is a dancing in the evening at the main lobby to a live band. My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed dancing to their music. I would rate this a 4 star plus resort.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good, not great this was our second time to punta cana and probably about the 10th resort we have stayed at (including secrets, sandals). we loved the room, with the outdoor stone shower, hammock and jacuzzi. i thought the food was good but we were there for five nights and could only get reservations for two restaurants and the only available reservations were for 10:00. the restaurants were definately nothing fancy. We have always gone by tripadvisor picks, but this one was definately not that good. we would just not go back to punta cana b/c there are hardly any americans. secrets had alot more. we talked to 3 other couples that were american the whole time we were at palladium. we read the reviews about this and didn't think we would care but i asked a the whole beach bar where the bathroom was and no one, not even the bartender, understood what i was talking about. needless to say, this was definately a problem. my husband and i do know a little spanish, but the majority of this resort was german. anyway, we didn't realize there was no room service. we had our in room refrigerator stocked once our five day stay. please don't get me wrong, we are not picky people. the resort was gorgeous. we just didn't like the restaurants and would have liked to find some more people that spoke english. hope this helps everyone. oh, and the drinks were terrible. they were very watered down, none in coconuts or anything fancy. but, i am a wine drinker and there was a little store that had bottled water, beer, wine, etc.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>val58
<Content>Three Thumbs up! We stayed at the Palladium Bavaro for two perfect weeks. The rooms were beautiful, the food was excellent (although we weren't really taken by any of the al a carte restaurants). Buffets were great - something for everyone. The cleaning/groundskeeping staff were very gracious and always very friendly despite the hard work that they have to perform day after day. We spent most of our time there on the unbelievable beach. The breeze and beach walking were truly drawing cards. The sand is incredible - lounge chairs were never a problem - we would spend approximatly 7 or 8 hours on the beach every day. We took the Bavaro Runners outback tour on one day. Very educational - truly lets you know what the living conditions are in the rural area. We came back to the resort with a whole new respect for the staff there. Always smiling, very friendly bar staff, possibly just very happy to be working in such wonderful conditions as opposed to where they may have been born and raised. We would love to go back and strongly recommend this resort to anyone who needs rest, relaxation, and time to regroup.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Beach Getaway! There are only three things you need to know about this resort:1) The beach - 5 stars, white sands, stretched for ever, tourquoise, warm waters, plentiful shade, fun activities like banana boat rides, and you can always find a chair if you take a few minutes to look.2) The resort - Perfectly groomed grounds with lots of vegetation, clean rooms every that are tended to daily, one plumbing problem we had was fixed immediately. Gorgeous pools with great swim up bars. The staff was always friendly, always saying hello and willing to help, it is helpful if you learn simple spanish words and phrases but most speak some English. We had a great time taking advantage of the many sport activities like tennis, badmiton, soccer, and ping pong.3) The food - This is the only thing that was not 5 stars about this resort. If you are European you might think the buffets were amazing, because there is tons of meat and cheeses. But as Americans, we were not as impressed. The food was definitely plentiful but the taste was nothing special and we were tired of the same foods after a few days. Also, the restaurants are not worth the while so don't waste your time. Still, we managed to find those few things we liked, mainly frozen yogurt and fries. The drinks were tasty but keep in mind that they use cheap alcohol here, nothing top shelf, so sometimes the taste is strange and the alcohol is very weak. In the end though, I would not let food worries keep you from choosing to come to this wonderful resort, it just might be a problem if you are planning to stay more than a week.All in all we had a relaxing, fun, great time at this resort and would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>angelwings1144
<Content>we are going back We have just returned from the most wonderful week at this resort. There is nothing we can say that is negitive about it, the food was wonderful, the rooms were spotless, the employes went out of there way to help and to look after your every needs, and always with a smile on there faces.We are going back for 2 weeks.......  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good not Great       The Pool  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>boatmk
<Content>excellent resort 1. used Apple Vacations it was okay but never fly commercial use the charter airline.2. Airport transfer and checkin- Excellent3. Room Jr Suite- Excellent (hot water all the time)4. Food(we ate buffet every meal)- Excellent ala cart was really over rated from people we talked to5. Pool- Excellent6. Beach- Excellent7. Drinks- Excellent and strong8. Grounds- Excellent9. Friendly peopleAny other items anyone would like to know pleasee-mail me. The only bad thing about this trip was returning to Washington D.C. the day of the snow storms.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kermit67
<Content>Its so Huge We stayed here Feb. 6th - 13th. First let me say this is our 4th visit to the DR. We have stayed in Punta Cana 3 times now and once in Puerto Plata. We stayed at Iberostar Punta Cana- loved it. Bahia Principa- it was ok. And Iberostar Costa Dorada in Puerto Plata- LOVED IT. This hotel is so huge. Yes there is a trolley, but it looks like you would have a long wait if it is at the other end of the resort. We walked everywhere. We went with Apple. Great reps here.The rooms are the best we have ever stayed at. We had a jazzazi in our room. Maid did a nice job. But who is here for the room??Food; Make sure to get your reservations as soon as you get your envelope at check in. Otherwise you may be eating at 10:30 at night. They are booked in a hurry. We ate at the Dominican rest. It was good. We also at at the Spain Theme one, I did not like this one to well. It was just weird. We also did the Mexican Theme. It was great. I had the veal steak- great!! The buffets were very crowded and people do not understand what a line means they just butt right in and fill their plates. Good food though.Beach: Great. You are just a 5min walk from the vendors on the beach. Also you can get your hair braided for 20 dollars. I got extentions for 60.00 dollars. Pools: Good. I always had a chair, but Im in my chair everyday at 7:30 am. It looked like most of the chairs where full by 10:00.Drinks; Great. Coco Logos , Maimi Vice and Pina Colata exspecial!!The entertainment people are not that great. they seem to not care for Americans. They always walked right passed us. And go and ask the people around us in other languages to do what ever. They are not Star Friends from Iberostar. The staff does not speak very good english here. It does not bother me, but I know that it does other people. I got along just fine. I know that Im in another country so I just go with the flow.Excursions: Always do the Outback or Monster Truck when you are here. It is so educational, and the best way to see the real country of the DR. You will not go wrong!! We swam with the Dolphins on Dolphin Island this time. It was for only (15min.the dolphin part) otherwise total of around 3 hours, boring) It was kind of fun, but for $85.00 a person it really is not worth it. If you do, do this DO NOT where your jewerly there. They make you take it off. Lucky I brought a bag with me. And you can not take your water camera with you.I would not ever stay at this resort again because of the size. We also thought it was boring in the evenings. We are ages 38 and 39. We have decided smaller resorts are better and more fun. It was so huge you hardly saw the same people everyday. We like to meet people and hang out with them. BUt other than that it is a nice resort. YOu can email me with questions.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We wont go back Not what we expected. We were hoping for a relaxing week away from stress and we did not find it at the Palladium. There are so many rules from dinner reservations, to towel cards, and there is nothing to do once the sun goes down. It was very dissappointing that we had to fight for a chair at the beach or pool. People will reserve a chair on thier way to breakfast and you wont see one empty until 5pm. If you dont drink coffee in the morning or wine with dinner, good luck getting water. Most days our water would come after we had finished eating. And bring a watch and have it with you always. There are no clocks and everything happens at a specific time. The resort favors spanish speaking clients. Gift shops are a rip off you will get better pricing from locals.My husband was very sick halfway through the trip and the care he received from the clinic was better than we get in the US. Dr. Brenda was amazing. WE took the Outback Safari trip and it was the best decision we made. That alone made our trip worth while.Overall we enjoyed being in the 80 degree weather and enjoyed our time, but if you are looking to relax and not have to worry about petty things this is not the place for you. We will only stay at resorts owned by the US in the future.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overrated Ok, I heard very good reviews on this resort, and I was quite deceive by the reality.Check-in:We were four and needed 2 rooms in the same environnement. It needed 3 visits to the lobby desk, arguments, beeing forwarded to a room that was still occupied before they finally given a room to my sister in the same block, but and upgrade to junior suite, and tips had to come along. Painfull arrival.Resort:Clean, well maintained, beautifull, pools are clean, the beach is clean and breathteaking, well, it is worth it's 4 1/2 stars there.Service:Absolutely one of weakest point, stone faces at the beach bars even with a tip and a mucha gracias, they get oveloaded when two folks ask something at two different tables, and you get your coffee way long after you finished your breakfeast. Add lines waiting to eat breakfeast or dinner. I could go on and on with it.Availability:Even thought there is 8 restaurants to try, you will be lucky to get one, and even lucky to get it at and reasonable time at night. Get in the hotel, don't go to your room, and book them, or you'll stay at the buffet like we did. Very disapointing again.Get up early to get a beach chair, this place is overcrowded.Animation:I don't know why they give you and animation schedule, as I stayed on the beach, and never saw any. On the third day, I heard music by the pool near the beach. Never heard it again after. Scuba diving:This is worst, no oxygen on the boat, no weights in case you underweight for some reason, no intelligent breifing, the dive master don't carry extra weight just in case, the boat is overcrowded. I aborted the dive, because I felt unsecured, and I am an advanced open water diver. Dive at your own risk. He even let me carry his camera on the way back like I was his lucky to be.... Really, minus 10 here and I am generous. I dove many places in the world, but this was the worst I ever saw.Tours:Absolutely of no interest whatsoever. There is nothing interesting to see in Punta Cana. It is secluded and created only for tourist means.Food:Althought I ate at the buffets, they we're really good, never got sick, any of us did, neither of us complained either. No redundancy in the menu, but the taste of the food is redundant. You are not at home, open your mind or go to Florida.Rooms:Up to 5*, mattress are good, the rooms are just enjoyable, Clean and well done. Maid service is average as I had never a refill of facial tissues even thought it was empty after the 2nd day; and Yes we left a tip to the maid.Overall:On the essential, it is a good resort. It is not worth it's 4 1/2 *** on secondary things. If you like a beach or pools stay, good food, nice room, and don't care about the rest, well, this is your place.To me, and my fellows, a 4*, resume it all. It is definately not worth the hard earned money we payed for and the price asked.Been to many resorts 4 and 5* before, not worth it's 4 1/2* ever. I don't agree with the pass reviews.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best Trip in Five Years We used Apple Vacations with United Air Lines to get there. It was a pleasant surprise to get UAL with Apple. We arrived mid afternoon and easily found our Apple rep who directed out luggage to the bus. The resort was beautiful. The check-in was easy. We travel with four couples and was surprised that all rooms were ready. The resort was sparkling clean. The rooms were large including a king size bed and a sofa with table in the main room. There was a sliding door closet with hanging space and drawers for clothes. The TV was in another closet with the coffee maker. The bathroom had a two man shower, a double bowl sink a toilet and a two man whirlpool tub. The electric is 120 volt like the US. They provide a hair dryer in the bath. Everything looked new or near new. There was a combination safe bolted to the closet. We got to pick the combo no key needed, just pushbuttons. Each room had a walk out balcony with chairs and a table. There are four families in each building. The paths from buildings to the pool, food, restaurants, beach etc... were covered with palm roofs. The main paths were tile and were cleaned every day. The beach was beautiful white sand. Little seaweed lots of palm trees. The beach was windy with waves coming in. We went out waist deep and rode the waves as they approached. Two days the wind made the water too rough however and we stayed by the pool. The pool is big and deep on one full side. Not many were in the pool, but many sunbathed around it. There is a swim-up bar there. Clean pool area with staff serving you drinks all day. Volleyball and poolside bingo, dance lessons, pingpong were things to do there. There is also a kiddy pool adjacent to the main pool. The food was wonderful. Each night the theme changed and the food was different. We also liked the restaurants located on the grounds. Great service and different menu selections than the buffet. The Service and Staff was friendly and always there for you. We ate everything and tried anything. Not one of the eight of us got sick. We drank all day and ate all day and were happy to do so. There is a train that takes you around the grounds to the neighboring resorts. You are allowed to drink and eat there also and use the pools etc. The casino (small) is on one of the other grounds. I will return to this hotel again without hesitation.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bobbysun
<Content>something for everyone               More photos  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Liane-and-Danny
<Content>Amazing!!! My husband and I have been back for a week now after having spent 2 glorious weeks at the Grand Palladium Bavaro in Punta Cana. Before booking this hotel I did alot of research into the amenities and the over-all look of the resort. I have to first say that even though I had a good idea of what to expect, upon my arrival I was floored - it was 100% more beautiful than I had imagined. I read reviews from people who complained about the lack of communication in English and complaining about the food and the only thing I can say to these people is - STAY HOME. If you are willing to go abroad and experience something different, fine, otherwise stay stagnent where you are and leave the fun for the rest of us. For sure there are some foods that we are not accustom to however, every night there was an italian section in the buffet for people to have pasta (by the way, I had the best pesto pasta I have ever had and have eaten at some of the best italian restaurants in Montreal) pizza, a cook to order bar. Impossible to go hungry at this place.When you see pictures on television of a beach with turquoise water and white sand you imagine that the picture was played with because you can't believe it's that blue - WELL IT IS THAT BLUE!! Gorgeous.The people are sooo friendly and ALWAYS smiling and happy. For those of you that didn't encounter the same people as we did - you should perhaps consider your roll in that. It is astounding how far a buck will go to make your stay more pleasurable. The staff works very hard for very little and as far as I am concerned - if you can afford to go - you can afford to dish out a few extra dollars to make them happy who will inturn make you very happy.We did one excursion - Saona Island (80$ u.s p.p.)- my favorite part was the speed boat. Our guide Samuel was tri-lingual and very informed - ask him anything and he will have an answer. When we were picking up and dropping off people at other resorts I was happy to be staying where I was - it was the most beautiful.At the end of our two weeks we were sad to leave but will absolutely go back.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>3 cheers for the Grand Palladium Bavaro We stayed at the Grand Palladium Bavaro from January 27 - Feb 3, 2006. This was our first experience on an all-inclusive vacation. We had a great time. It was windy several days that we were there so we spent our time at the pool. We only used the one closest to our room (villa 62). It was always clean and other than people in chairs, the pool itself was usually quite empty. Our bartenders were alway nice. William was exceptional, however. Even when we didn't understand each other he was patient and eventually we always got what we needed. He ALWAYS has a huge smile and likes to clap to the music.We found the food at the buffets to be very good. There is always cook-to-order stations, from eggs at breakfast to the pasta bar and grilled to order meat and seafood. We went to the Mexican ala-carte and were very dissapointed. After 2 hours we left still hungry (and tired as it was almost 11:00 p.m.) We never did go to our other reservations as we found that we enjoyed the buffets much more, and we could eat before 10:00 p.m.The only other minor issue is that we had problems on more than one day getting towels and washclothes. One day they took the dirty towels and did not leave us any in their place. I called to get some and was told they would bring some right over. An hour later we still had none. We ended up using our hand towels to dry off with. As it did not happen everyday we did not find it bothersome enough to ruin the overall wonderful exerience we had at the resort.Many people have commented on how big the resort is, too big in fact. We did not find that to be a problem. We walked most of the resort area more than once. We never used the tram once. In addition, we loved the beach! We got up early on a couple of mornings just to walk the beach and see the sunrise. Very peacefull time of the day, but with a fair number of early risers to share the beach with.We loved the resort and will definatel be back!  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>skigate
<Content>Nice Place This was our first trip to Punta Cana. Usually we go to Cancun or Jamaica. Some of our friends that went to Punta Cana had a good time so this winter we decided to give it a try. We stayed from January 29th - February 5th. We went with another couple. We always travel all inclusive so we kind of knew what to expect. Food: There was at least a large variety of food. No one should go hungry. The buffets though are only open certain hours (breakfast is over at 10am - lunch doesn't begin until 1pm) so if you are hungry go to breakfast. They will let you in anytime before 10am - you do not need to be done eating by then. The sports bar opens at 10am so you can always grab a burger or pizza, etc. The first thing you should do after you register is go to the alacarte restaurant table to make reservations. No one tells you this, we just know from experience at other resorts. It was hard to get reservations - we only got one at 6:30pm the others were at 9pm and 10pm. When we complained about the times they said there was nothing they could do. We talked to our Apple Rep. and he said the reason the restaurants book so fast because many of the Europeans are there for 2 or 3 weeks at a time and they book far in advance. We were given helpful advice though and were told to go early and most likely would get seated. For our 10pm reservation we went at 8:30pm and were seated right away.Beach: BEAUTIFULPools: We tried each pool. They were clean (i thought the water was a little cold, but once you got used to it is was ok). All of the bartenders at the pool bars were very nice. We did save chairs, but most of the time even during the middle of the day there were available chairs. You just need to move them if you are in a group or don't want to sit by anyone.Excursions: We did the snorkling with the sharks and rays. Nice trip - a boat takes you snorkling. After snorkling it turns into a mini booze cruise. Music, dancing, drinks - A lot of fun.Rooms: Compared to many of the resorts we have stayed at this by far had the nicest rooms. We were in a junior suite. Always clean - fridge always stocked (guess we were lucky)- safe in room - but very few draws. Our jacuzzi broke on the second day - it was never fixed even after telling them about it three times. Not that our time was spent in the tub anyway, but would have been nice for it to be fixed when requested.Grounds: This place is huge. No one should gain weight no matter how much you eat or drink. There is a lot of walking. You can take a train around, but you have to wait for it and most of the times we just ended up walking from place to place. The grounds are kept immaculate.WATCH OUT: for the public restrooms at the pools and throughout. Everywhere is tile flooring and gets very slippery. My partner fell in the mens room and I fell in the womans room. Of course we both had shoes on but people go in wet from the pool and it is very easy to slip. This is also true in your private rooms. But they are kept very clean.In all we had a great time. Everyone was nice to us (employees) never had any problems, but I don't know if I would go back to Punta Cana. It is very poor and you really need to stay in the resort. I never thought I would say this, but compared to Punta Cana I would feel safe walking the streets in Jamaica. They are building many more resorts so maybe in a few years it will be a little better.Also another hint - not a lot of things for kids to do. They do have a kids club - we didn't bring the kids so really didn't look into it, but other than that they have the pools and the beach (we have a 16 and 9 yr old boys - they would have been bored)  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thedukes
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful!       The pool we hung out by  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxing Vacation We stayed at the Grand Palladium Bavaro Beach Resort from Jan. 24 to Jan. 31st 2006. Room: Our room was a junior suite with a king bed. The bathroom was huge with a jacuzi tub, glass stall shower, double sink, enclosed toilet area and a large dressing area. The shower leaked, we called maintenance they came to check it but never fixed it so we just kept a towel on the floor to absorb the water. The room was always cleaned spotless. There was a disappointment with the stocked fridge, only one beer and three flavors of soda. They would only restock the fridge twice while we were there. There were a couple days it was to windy to be at the beach so we went to the pools.Pool; You had to get there very early to save a chair. We even carried chairs from other areas to be by the pool. The water at the middle pool was warmer than others and this area wasn't as windy.Beach: Very clean and beautiful, can walk forever.Restaurants: We made our al a carte reservations the very first day. They told us there were hardly any times available, we did manage to get 3 reservations. When we went to the Quiodte there were only aprox 6 tables filled during the 1 1/2 hrs we were there. The food was good. The Marachi was the same aprox 6-7 tables filled food was okay. The Mare Norstrom only had about 8 tables filled at prime dinner hour 8PM. The service was awful, the staff attitude was awful and the food was very bad. We left after 2hrs waiting for our dinner, it finally came and was horrible.Main Lobby Bar: There was a band everynight and seemed to be the hub of evening gatherings. Isadora at the bar was great. Samual at beach was great. Overall it was a very relaxing laid back vacation on the beach. Next trip to Punta Cana will probably check out the Iberostar Resort or the Sunscape.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our first all-inclusive of any kind ... interesting .... I should note that my wife and I are not normally all-inclusive resort travellers so many of the things we didn't like as much may have more to do with these types of places in general versus this location specifically.Here's our demographic profile for background: We are mid 30's and we have a 6 month old who was also with us (who was our motivation to do a safer trip to be honest).I'll start with the things we really enjoyed then go to the things we wish we had known:1. The line staff. You would almost think from reading some of the reviews that we were at a different resort. We found the working staff to be very, very friendly. Between my wife and I, we have travelled to over 20 countries on every continent and I would put the Dominicans in the top 5 of the most friendly people we have met. Part of it may be due to us having a little munchkin with us (they seem to be a very child-friendly culture) and also that I speak a passable amount of spanish. That said, I saw them with every guest being very efficient, friendly and professional. Anyone who thinks you get better service than that in a North American, or better a European hotel, should let me know where they've been staying.2. The Beach. It's been said before so I'll avoid the excess superlatives but truly a beautiful and seemingly endless beach (which applies to any of the Bavaro resorts by the way).3. The food. Ok, so at the best of times it's never easy to cook for 800 fussy people 3 times a day, every day of the year. Given the constraints of mass cooking, we really enjoyed the food. Buffet breakfasts were great (lots of fruit and breads and eggs), lunches, hearty, with good variety and dinners (with the very notable exception of asian night) were good as well. My suggestion is to not miss the gala night which is lots of delicious carved meats (unless you are a vegetarian - then definitely miss it), mexican night or dominican night (mmmm ... Sancocho soup). Theme nights are located on the board in the main reception. We went to the Spanish a la carte and really enjoyed it (and we've been to Spain) and to the Mexican restaurant and also really enjoyed it. We were supposed to go to the Asian restaurant but it was getting lots of negative reviews and judging from Asian night at the buffet, we did a miss.4. Rooms. Rooms were very spacious and always clean. Watch out that you don't get one of the junior suites near the outside of the resort (Villa's 60-65) as they are older and not well laid out inside.5. Facilities. There is a lot you can do here. Tennis, archery, b-ball, v-ball, watersports, etc. It will hurt your head to figure out where it all is and when it's happening and how you reserve (see below) but once you get all the details, it can be a lot of fun. My wife and I played tennis everyday and I played beach volleyball everyday.Here are some things that if we had known ahead of time, we may have looked at another resort.1. Man, this place is BIG, too big, as far as we were concerned. It's 3 resorts that all share common facilities. The good news is that there are lots of facilities. The bad news is that you are always walking everywhere and mostly struggling to find things on a map. If I had a dollar for every confused person we came across aimlessly wondering the grounds, we could have paid for our trip. It's bigness meant that if you forget something in your room (which you do a lot with a baby) back you go the half mile to your room and back. I'm not kidding, we must have covered 3 km a day just going from place to place. It also means you never really get to meet a lot of people because there are just too many people who work and stay there.2. Despite having one of the nicest beaches in the world, there are VERY few rooms on the beach. I guess this is an example of a responsible enviromental land development policy (vs the Mexican beach high rise experience) but it also means that only 5% of this hotel's rooms can actually see the beach. About 20% of the rooms look onto a pool and the rest, the grounds. There is no way of reserving a beach facing room so you basically try your best once you get there (good luck). If you are set on getting a beach facing room, get the romance suite as most are at the beach, or book the Royal Suites rooms (connected) which have more beach rooms. They are both more expensive.3. No central organization and effective communication. If you've ever been on a cruise and look forward to the daily itemization of activities with specifics on where everything is, and were hoping to have the same experience, well, you are in the wrong resort. There is a generic list of events which applies to everyday and was likely printed years ago. Sometimes things happen and sometimes they don't. If they are happening - you need a compass and a personal guide to find out where they are. By the end of the week, you'll get a sense of where things are and then it's fun, but then it's also time to come home. They could really use a system for promoting their excellent facilities and events and for planning and communicating a lot more things for people to do. Hopefully, they read these threads.4. Ok, what's up with the whole towel thing? It was humourous and a little sad to see all these blurry-eyed people scurring around in their pj's at 6am to get their seats by the pool or beach reserved with their towels and footware, etc. We thought about it, did it one morning, then just decided to take our chances everyday and usually found seats that were reserved but not used and then just moved our chairs beside theirs until they showed up (which they never did). It's a childish system and should be changed.Just some FYI stuff:- None of the plugs has a 3 pronged plug, just 2.- There is no cash machine there and you have to take a cab to get one so bring US $ if you don't feel like leaving the resort- You can bring big bills ($20's) and the front desk will give you change for tips. - If you are really desperate to get into one of the a la carte's and there is no room, you can always try a $5 bill with one of the seating people. We saw it work. I know's it's a bad habit to get into, but it works.- We spent a lot of time just being lazy but we met some people who did one of the local tours that went to a plantation and a local school and they loved it. Said it was a great way to see how the Domincans lived. Have fun where ever you go.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad but could definitely be better Came back from a trip last week to the Grand Palladium Bavaro Resort and spa.Overall, I can honestly say that the resort is nice, well kept but way too big. Entertainment is inexistent unless you are willing to walk completely at the end of the resort. The staffs were OK but not too friendly, even if we try to communicate with them in Spanish. We were tipping them all the time but at the end we understood that it doesn鈥檛 make a difference in the service, so we just gave up. Even at the front desk, we simply had the impression we were disturbing them. They simply don鈥檛 understand what quality service is. In my book, it鈥檚 way better in Cuba at Breezes or Beaches in VaraderoFood: Was quite good, lots to choose from at the buffet. We went to the Italian, Asian and pasta restaurant. The best 鈥渁 la carte鈥?restaurant is the El reciffe (sea food) for both the food and the service.Our Bar hasn鈥檛 been re-stocked every two days so we had to call for more water, we simply didn鈥檛 care for the one beer or soft drink. No washcloth in the room unless you ask for it at the front desk.Beach: I am not going to say what most people wrote already鈥?It鈥檚 spectacular鈥? Although Lots of people that wanted us to visit the other hotels or to sell us seafood restaurants reservations鈥?A little annoying鈥?Water activity: The Catamarans are in great need of repair so do take the non-mandatory insurance ($5 for the whole week)鈥?Just in case something breaks. The sailboards were quite old and in need of repair, they only had one decent sail. Gym: Bring your own towel and the machines are quite old.Night shows: Only went to one and it was quite boring compared to what I鈥檝e seen in Cuba and MexicoExcursion: We took the Saona Island tour and the Country Adventure tour. On the first one, the trip was OK; we stopped at a natural pool on the way there, snorkelled a bit. Once on the island, we ate a very good lunch and swam a bit in the clear water. BUT鈥? Be aware that on the ride back on the catamaran, the captain doesn鈥檛 stop the motor, even after I went to see the rep twice, they stopped them, only to start them again 10 minutes after and believe me, there was plenty of wind鈥? They just wanted to get back home as soon as possible. We felt pretty ripped of with this and our Sunwing rep at the hotel gave us all four a 15$ refund. It was nice but will not go back. So unless you want to take a motorboat ride, just don鈥檛 go. On the Country Adventure tour, we went on a tour witch took us to a small school in the back country, we visited a local house, went horseback riding, ate a great lunch at the ranch and finished the day at a beach鈥?What a nice tour!!!!! Please, Bring candy, books, crayons and clothing to the kids鈥?It鈥檚 greatly appreciated.Will I go back at to the Dominican Republic? Yes鈥?br/>Will I go back to Punta Cana? YesWill I go back to the Grand Palladium Resort and spa? No鈥?There is better entertainment and friendlier service elsewhere  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ala carte resteraunts a joke We loved the resort and most of the people working there were very friendly. The only big problem we had was at the reservation desk for the ala carte dining. If you book a night to eat with a person named Santana be careful he wrote the wrong dates on our reservations, all for the same day, when we went to eat we were told we could not because the day on the slip was wrong, The resteraunt was almost empty but we still were turned away. When we went back to ask Santana about this he started screaming and swearing at us. That pretty much took away from our good impression of the help there! I want to say there were many people working there that were very nice and friendly also. Ruth at the pool bar and Fannie at the lounge bar were exceptionally nice!!!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ks_8999
<Content>Beautiful resort .. some positives, seme negatives We booked the Grand Palladium Bavaro for 5 nights January 29 - February 3 (5 nights). Our 2 friends came one day ealier and left one day earlier. I will not go into lots of detail on the resort, as much has been written here. But here are our opinions on things that left an impression on us:Grounds - beautiful, perfectly minicured lawns, flowers, trees. Just beautiful. A great location.Beach - Very clean - too rough for swimming the first few days, but it calmed down the last 2 daysPools - Awesome. Never too crowded, and water was perfect. However, like in all of these type of resorts, if you show up at the pool after 9:00am, you will not get a chair. This is because many, many people go out early in the morning and lay their towels and books on the chairs. I was out at 8:15am one morning, and there were 2 people sitting at the pool, but not a single available chair. So what did we do? Sad to say, we joined the alarm at 6:00am people and reserved our chairs in the early morning (dark). Although the resort says no saving chairs, EVERYONE who was sitting at chairs at the pool had staked them out in the morning.Internet caf茅 - Personnel was polite and helpful. No wireless internet, and no other way to access besides the Internet Caf茅. Open 9:30am-9:30pm. $5 for half-hour, $8 for whole hour, and you can use the time in short increments, not all at once. Evenings at the computers were crowded, mornings were not. I used my own laptop in the Internet Caf茅, but I think that was only possible because one of the PCs was down and there wan an extra cable free. I suggest if you really want to use your laptop, perhaps you should bring a long Ethernet cable and then you can plug it into the router and then sit off to the side.Housekeeping - The room was always cleaned spotlessly. They forgot to leave us towels one day, but overall, no complaints. No English.Fridge in the room - The resort said it would be restocked every other day. No one ever restocked ours. We called every day, they said they would send someone up, no one ever came.Jacuzzi in the room - First day, did not work. Called about it, they said they would send someone. No one came. 3 calls over the next 12 hours, always telling use that someone would come, no one ever came. After the first night, we just asked for a room change. Accomodated. Moved to room 7426. When I told the front desk the reason we wanted to move (Jacuzzi broken), they didn't have any concern for this problem. When I asked what they would do when the new guest in room 6120 complained that the jacuzzi didn't work, they said they would probably move him too, if he asked. Fixing the jacuzzi, or even understanding that the jacuzzi needed to be fixed, seemed to be the least of their concerns.Dive Center on the property - Not a PADI shop. Not sanctioned by any body, and now I know why. I think it was called Dolin Dive. Totally incompetent staff. 7 divers, one divemaster, $40 per dive. Tanks were not even filled, the dive had to be delayed to fill tanks. Then, getting underway was an experience with the tender boat filling with water from the waves and even more when the driver lost the plug for the boat. On the dive itself, there was a totally incompetent divemaster. He threw his BCD and tank over the side to put it on in the water, and it sank to the bottom because he forgot to inflate the BCD. One of us had to dive down and get it for him. Many of the regulators were leaking, so people were running low on air so no safety stop at 5 meters. I felt sorry for the 2 guys on the trip who prepaid for 10 dives each! This is a very dangerous situation for all but the most experienced diver.Watersports - Too windy most days to use sailboats. On the couple days they let them out, it was pretty churned up in the water. Didn't see any kayaks being used. This is definitely not a good place if you are a watersports person.Apple Vacations service - The Apple representative (Mr. Sosa) was one of the rudest people I have ever met. He complained about his job, saying it was low paying (he actually said if only I had the money Sammy Sosa had, I wouldn't be working this job). He told us our shuttle to the airport needed to be arranged for 5 1/2 hours prior to our scheduled flight! (The airport is 35 minutes from the property!) When I discussed this with him, his first reply was there is no flight at the time you told me. When I told him he was incorrect, he reluctantly called the airline who told him the flight was when I told him (I could understand the jist of the conversation by the Spanish he spoke). He then got off the phone and lied to me to my face and said my flight did not exist. I started to call him on this but he interrupted and said I have no more time for you, if you don't like it, take a taxi, my job is finished with you. Any other dealing with him would have been futile, so we just took a taxi ($25). It is unbelievable how a guy like this can keep his job. I'll write a letter to Apple Vacations, but my guess is that Mr. Sosa will be unaffected and continue to disrespect his clients. Sad how someone like this can still be in a customer service capacity.Exchange - The hotel offers a poor rate of 26 pesos per 1 US$, and will not buy back any pesos you do not use. Off site (walk along the beach to the right to the small village), the rate is 34 pesos per 1 US$. Phone - Prices were listed as 37 peso per minute to USA if you dialed 9-1-areacode-number. I made a few calls, there was a slight delay on the line, but the bill was accurate, rounded up to the next minute. Most of the calls I made (needed to keep in touch) were via Webphone from my PC plugged into the Internet caf茅. Local calls are 10 pesos per minute for the first 3 minutes, then only 1 peso per minute after that. Calls to cell phones in the DR are 7 pesos per minute.Bill - your phone charges (and if you have lobster in the specialty restaurant) will be in pesos. If your bill is large, you will be better off getting pesos at the exchange or ATM in the village than getting the poor exchange rate they will give you for paying with US$All shows at night in the amphetheatres are in Spanish. We only say the magic show, it was OK and fun.They have a bar called the Piano Bar, but it has no piano! But it has better liquor and it also has champagne.Some staff speak no English, some speak a little, a few speak conversational English. This was little problem for us, as my wife speaks passable Spanish and I liked working on mine. Our friends spoke no Spanish and struggled ordering things or asking about things.Clients - I was told that 60% of hotel guests are from USA. The next biggest groups are, in order, Germany, Canada, Spain France and Spain.Dining rooms - All water, wine and sode were brought by wait staff. Sometimes service was OK, sometimes slow, sometimes they forgot. Keep asking and you will eventually get what you want to drink. The wine was not top notch, but acceptable. All the tables were not set all the time, no big deal. One night, we had to wait at the door of the dining room because it was too crowded.We thought the dining room near the lobby of Grand Paladium Bavaro had the best variety, but we could be wrong.Food - At the buffets, good variety, good quality. But in 5 days, it would have been nice to have breakfast or lunch or dinner someplace else. In the specialty restaurants (you are supposed to be able to go 2 times), the only one available the entire time we were there was the Dominican Restaurant. The reason is that many people come here for 2 weeks and pre-reserve all the available times. For those who come for 5 days, there are no times left. And I mean NOTHING. ANYWHERE. And nothing you can do about it until Fiesta changes their system. If you come for a week or less, do not expect to eat any meals in the specialy restaurants except the Dominican one (which I though was very good).Bars - Pool bars did not have top shelf liquor. Only the lobby bars had the good stuff. We drank beer mostly, so no big deal for us.Music at the pools - Always the same 5 Spanish-language songs. Good songs, but got a little old after 5 days. I'll bet if I had given them a CD, they would have played it, but I didn't bring any.TV in the room - Very few USA network channels, but I think they had FOX. I know they had CNN and a few movie channels. Didn't matter to us, hardly watched TV.Activities. No daily schedule of activities given out, no pool volleyball or games, no dance lessons, etc. This is strictly a sit-by-the-pool-or-beach type of place. We would have liked more to do.Sports. Tennis courts looked nice, no one ever used themSports bar. Has the NHL package and a bunch of TVs and will look for any game you want.Casino - Only walked through. Blackjack tables were a minimum of $5 or 100 pesos, so if you want to play $3 blockjack, go to the village and use the ATM to get pesos, or exchange dollars for pesos at one of the exchanges.Although my report might seem negative, I think it is more of a reflection on what I view as the lack of customer service mentality at an all-inclusive resort in the Dominican Republic. We met a couple from Canada on our last night in the Sports Bar who were only staying here one night. They went on and on about how much better this resort was than the place they were at next door for 14 days! They told us about bathtubs that did not drain, bad rooms, bad food, lines at bars, etc. So I guess it is all in your perspective. Maybe all-inclusives are not for us.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!  We arrived at 7pm on Jan 25th after a long trip that is why I was so glad that our rooms had been pre-arranged. Check-in was fast, no lineup and our bags were transported very quickly so we could go have supper.I liked our meal at supper but it was not anything to be overly excited about. However the next day we ate at the buffet by the palladium bavaro and it was our favorite. I would not recommend the Ala Carte at the fish restaurant (can't remember restaurant names) as you have to pay extra for lobster and I found the buffet better. We also went to the Spanish (my favorite for ambiance and food) and the mexican (order the chicken fahita - I did not but my friend did and I ate half of his). The staff in the restaurants are good but I did not particularly like the staff that takes the reservations.The only other bad expereince was our towels were picked up at night and the towel cabin would not give us a new one. It was the day before check out so we used our room ones. At the front desk I explained what happend and after reading some previous reviews I was shocked that they did not charge me the $25US that they stated in our arrival package. They were always able to help in some way at the front desk. But I was never rude or imposing. I went to change money for smaller tipping bills and they will only do a $20US. So what, I am on vacation, I just came back later, it was right near where we preferred to eat anyway.Some reviews also were not impressed with the language barrier. We never had a problem. After all it is there country, they don't expect us to learn theirs when they visit. With different nationalities I was impressed that most new the basics of 4 or 5 languages and we were alway able to get our point accross. You learn to find the more fluent english staff that is all. Learn some basics (Moi Bien (good), Ola (hello), Boinas Dias (Good morning), they also loved that I knew Vamanos - let's go - its from Dora)If you want to do pool activities they are at the pools with the grass huts, we found that out after. We did 2 excursions but wish we would have done the Bavaro Runner - friends of ours did and it looked fantastic. I liked the Marinarium but it was kind of sad watching the penned up animals swim around the edges, it was like they really wanted to be out. I almost enjoyed it outside of the pen better than inside. We also went Scuba Diving with the hotel. It was a beginner excursion where you learn in the pool first and then go into the ocean - loved it. Loved our instructor.The rooms were breath taking for us. It is our first vacation without our two little ones so the big 2 man jacuzzi in the middle of our standard room was a plus for us. We found that we had to keep our air on or the room would get a definite smell. We were prepared for that to and brought candles. The smell would be gone within 2 minutes of the air being on. Our friends were in a different villa and they did not have that problem. I did find that there was not enough water in the room but we always brought back some from the bar or restaurant.We only tipped in the beginning if it was extremely good service, until we found where we would mostly be and then tipped regularly. Teresa and Daniel were our favorite. Teresa works at the entertainment stage and then moves over to the disco. By the second day she knew all but my order and that is because I always tried something new. Daniel was the night bartender at the sports bar where I ended the night with a soft ice cream cone. The night life is all in what you make it. We had a blast at the disco, but it is always easier to have a night life when you travel with a group.I know there has been some negative reviews but anything that started out negative in my trip was always outweighed by something else that was good. Ex. Frustration at reservation desk - had great service/excellent food at the A la Carte. Don't let the little things bother you, you are on VACATION!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>vacationlvr1
<Content>Just returned from a great stay at the Grand Palladium Bavaro Resot My husband and I just returned from a wonderful stay at the Pallasium Bavaro Resort  Spa. We were there from Jan 30, 2006 to Feb 3, 2006. We booked our trip through Apple Vacations. First the flight. We left from Newark N.J. our flight with USA3000 was great. During our flight we were given a breakfast, drinks, with a snack later on. There was a movie shown my husband said it was good but, I didn't watch it. We landed in Punta Cana and going through customs was fast and painless. There are local men there waiting to take your bags. We let them and gave them a $3.00 tip. Our driver didn't speak english but that was ok. The poverty was very evident on our ride to the resort. There also seems to be alot of building going on there.When we arrived at the hotel we were told that our room wouldn't be ready until 3.00 pm. We left our luggage at the desk and went to look around. We ended up at the beach then the pool. We didn't even go back to the reception area until almsot 4.00 pm.We were given a garden view deluxe room. The room was very clean and we did have a king size bed. I had e-mailed the hotel about a week before we left to request that. They responded the very next day and said if one was available they would do their best.We left the maid a few dollars a day in an envelope.She in turn let pretty shaped towels with fresh flowers in our room. The food was good Iam a very picky eater and we opted not to go to an ala carte due to the fact that there was more of a varity at the buffett for me. My husband will try anything so he didn't have a problem. The buffett theme changed nightly. There was always something for me to eat I never went hungry. The drinks were good but beware too many drinks with coconut in them. Coconut is a natural laxative as my huband found out one day. It didn't last long but he did get the message. Neither myself or my husband had any other problem with the foof or drinks here. There were hardly any bugs at all. I know people worry about mosqitos. I saw maybe one or two and didn't get bit. I did however get bit by some sand fleas but not enough to really bother me. I was a little worried abount not speaking spanshi very well but, I printed out a page of spanis phrases and practiced away before leaving. Guess what they went right out of my head. I did retain some but in the end we really had no problem. If you try and speak spanish and mess it up the staff will laugh at you but, be a good sport the do appreciate it that you do try. We managed to get what we need to across. No problems,There were quite a few english speaking guests which I was led to believe would not be the case. The one excursion we did take was to the Marinarium. I would highly reccommend this. We were taken on a boat to an area where we would swim with nurse sharks and manta rays. This was awesome. I was nervous at first but there was little kids doing it. After snorkling with the sharks we were then taken to a spot in the ocean that has a hot sprin only I was a little cold. They served beer and soda there while you were in the water with music playing. It was a blast.When you arrive Apple invites you to an orientation it is good to go to this they give you alot of helpful information. Leaving was not a happy day but we didn't encounter any problems at all. Customs was a breeze. I hope you all have a great trip. I also hope this review helped a little.I  
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Grand Time at the Grand Palladium!!       The beach  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Make sure this is what you want! I just came back from this resort and I wish that I had done a bit more research into where I would be staying before I booked it. The hotel is huge and the grounds are beautiful and well maintained. However, this resort is not for you if you are looking for any kind of excitement. I found it pretty boring to stay there. The other people staying there were either retired, or in a couple. (both of which I am not) I found it very difficult to meet people. I have been to Mexico twice and have never experienced the things that I experienced at this resort. This is where I wish I had done a bit more research before I chose to stay at this resort. I found that the majority of the people were not friendly, workers and vacationers. Also, the restaurants have specific eating times and if you miss them, you don't eat that meal. For example, breakfast is from 6:30 a.m. - 10 a.m. after that the restaurants close until 1:00 p.m., when they open for 2 hours for lunch. The sports bar does serve food all the time, but you are limited to sports bar type food. (eg. hot dogs, french fries, hamburgers, etc.) Also, you have to be dressed in clothes to go to eat. So if you are sitting by the pool and want to go for lunch, you cannot wrap your sarong around your waist and be let in. You must be covered up. Again, I have not had this problem at past resorts and found it a bit annoying. Although, having said that I thought the selection of food was very good. I am a vegetarian and very picky eater and I always found something appealing. The evening entertainment at the theatre is just so-so. I have seen way better nightly entertainment. The disco, again, is just so-so. I found it got pretty quiet at night there, so if nightlife is important to you, do not stay at this resort. Only one day of the seven that we were there did we have all our towels replaced in our room after cleaning. After calling reception towels were brought to our room promptly, but I think replacing all used towels in your room should be a no-brainer.Also, if you expect to have a lounge chair to sit in by the pool - wake up early!!! We were up at 5 a.m. to save chairs one morning and about half were already taken! The a la carte restaurants are next to impossible to get into. We tried and could only get into one the whole time we were there. A bit disappointing.In your room you will find one bottle each of Coke, Diet Coke, Sprite, Fanta and Beer. And two bottles of water. They only replace beverages every 3 days. This is very stupid to me, especially when most people have at least 2 people to a room. So, if you each want a beer......tough.Tipping does not get you very far. I tipped a waiter one night in the restaurant at supper after our first round of drinks. He came by later and asked if we wanted another, we said yes, but then he never returned with them! I left a gift and cash every day for the cleaning woman in our rooms and only one day did my room get cleaned REALLY well and all our used towels replaced.I would recommend this resort for couples, older people, and anyone who is not looking for anything fabulous to do in the evening. I personally would not recommend this resort to any of my friends or family and would not stay there again. It's silly to complain about being out of the winter for a week in the middle of January and I hate to do it, but these are things I would want to hear about. Again, cosmetically this resort has it all. It is beautiful, it is big, it's nice to be in the sun, etc. But it certainly is not everything it boasts to be.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>tiffvilla
<Content>5-Star Paradise On Earth!               More photos  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would gladly go again Just came back from a one week vacation at this beautiful resort, and we're already saving to go back again next year.Rooms. Nice, clean rooms. We left $1 a day tips under our pillows each morning. Not sure if this helped at all, but we did get a very nice floral arrangement around our tub each day. A very nice touch. Food. Lots of choice here. There are several themed a la carts on the grounds that require reservations, and 3 or 4 regluar buffets for breakfast lunch and dinner. We found that there was plenty of good food here, and lots of choice. By that I mean you do not need to feel as if you are eating the same thing over and over again. I tried almost everything and did not get sick. So quality of food seemed safe.Service. The saff at the resort are all very nice and pleasant. Although many don't speak even basic english. If you need directions somewhere ask the front desk. Otherwise you should be fine getting by with day to day things.Day Trips. We went on a half day snorkeling trip with a company called Marinarium. We swam with sharks which was wild! After snorkeling, they take you to a sand bar and serve drinks in the water. $70US per person. Was worth it for us. I'd recomend only a half day trips over full day ones.The Beach. Pretty simple. It's amazing. The ocean is warmer than the pools!!!! The warm breeze that blows off the water makes air drying a total pleasure. There is a flea market about 10 minutes away, where they are a bit aggressive on the sales tactics, but harmless overall. The good this is there are no peddlers on the beach otherwise. So you can relax in peace.Pools. 4 pools on the grounds for your pleasure. All are nice. All have swim up bars and lounge areas. Transportation. There is a free train that drives around the resort. When you first get there the train is good because you don't know where you are going. But after a couple of days, we found that we could walk across the resort faster than the train. If you know where you are going, you can walk from one corner of the resort to another in less than 10 minutes. So as long as you don't have bad knees, walk and enjoy.Tipping. Not required or expected but very appreciated. When you are driving to the resort from the airport you will see that you land and takeoff at night for a reason. So they can try and hide the poverty in darkness. It's a very poor country outside of the resort areas. So know if you do deciede to tip, its making a difference. We inquired with our resort guide and found the average employee there makes about $200 a month.Overall. We had an awesome time, and would go back to this resort in a second. A very pleasant week.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>rediculously informative review My partner and I just came back from a week at the Palladium Bavaro Resort and Spa. The resort exceeded my admittedly modest expectations. In preparation for this trip, I used this and other sites for research. Here鈥檚 a detailed walkthrough of the resort experience.Punta Cana airport 鈥?The planes line up next to the terminal. You鈥檒l go down a staircase and wait on the tarmac (have an umbrella in case of rain) to be lead as a group to the customs spot. At the entrance, two ladies dressed in traditional dresses will pose with you for a picture. When you depart from the airport at the end of your trip, the pictures will be available for sale. After the picture, customs is at a circular desk at which you鈥檒l fill out a tourist visa form and pay $10US (have the cash and a pen to fill out the form). Grab your luggage and head out to the lobby. There will be many porters trying to carry your bags for you. It鈥檚 easier to just let them and give a couple of bucks tip. If you arranged the trip via a tour group i.e. Apple Tours, there is a representative in the lobby to arrange travel to the hotel. The trip takes 20-30 minutes over a bumpy road and past shantytowns. The poverty is obvious.Hotel Bavaro Lobby 鈥?The lobby is nice with fountains, flamingos and an open bar. Grab your bags and head for the check-in reception. Give them your room vouchers and receive the room assignment. You鈥檒l receive information sheet, room cards, towel cards, a la cart meal vouchers and security bracelet. Keep the bracelet on you at all times but make it loose unless you want to sleep with the thing on. To the right of the entrance are the tables with tour group representatives. They might be helpful if you are unhappy with your room but for the most part they are there to sell you side trips. To the left of reception is Guest Services table for reserving the a la cart restaurants. Make the diner reservations as quickly as possible. Once again it鈥檚 just easier to have a porter bring your bags to your room. The paths can be confusing a first. Many other places are centered around the Bavaro Lobby. Just beyond the tour group reps is the path to the restaurants; La Gran Catina Mariachi, Bamboo and El Quijote as well as the small meeting bar, which has premium liquor. Around the corner from the Guest Services desk is the entrance for La Catedral, the largest of the buffets. Across the street are the super market, sports bar, disco Sunset and the performance theatre.Now just to clear this up, technically there are three connected hotels that make up this resort. First is the Bavaro, which has most of the restaurants and better entertainment. Second, in the middle is the Palladium Resort and Spa, which has the spa and athletic facilities. Third is the Palace, which has the casino, and more shops as well as a subsection called the Royal Suits an adult鈥檚 only area. Everyone has access to everywhere except that the Royal Suits guests have a different color security bracelet allowing them to an adult only pool and supposedly better alcohol. To the left of the Bavaro resort are more resorts. To the right of the Royal Suits is the village, a group of shops and supermarket with 1/3rd lower prices but aggressive sale clerks. The village is known to get rowdy, a possible draw back for the Royal Suits guests. The grounds are very lush and large. It takes about 20 minutes to casually walk from end to end. There is a train to ride that runs around the circumference of the resort. This train and its loud music are best enjoyed while very tipsy.Weather 鈥?The weather is variable. Short rainstorms are not uncommon and the beach can be windy.Beach 鈥?The Beach is fine white sand that is raked daily to clear up the seaweed. The beach is public property and acts as a path for people walking to and fro the village and resorts. There are no merchants trying to sell you things on the beach. The exception is the resort staff walking around with pamphlets promoting extra charge activities at the resort. Spa and dive centerCheck-in is 3pm. Checkout 12pm. - If you arrive early, having a bathing suit in your carry-on helps to get the vacation going right away. Of course it鈥檚 standard to have your essentials and a couple of days clothes in the carry-on just in case your luggage went to a different country.Restaurants 鈥?Dress code for breakfast and lunch requires shirt, footwear (sandals or whatever) no bathing suits. Dinner dress code requires shirt not tank tops, footwear, and for men long pants or bermuda shorts. The food is the weakest part of the resort but is reportedly much better than other places. The buffets have themes each night. Thursday was Dominican night 鈥?the worst. Other than the themes, much of the rest of the food offered is the same dishes that will be offered each and every time. So don鈥檛 worry about trying a little bit of everything. You鈥檒l have many more chances. El Arrecife lunch buffet located at the bavaro beach 12:00 鈥?4:00Dinner a la cart seafood18:00 - 22:30La Catedralmain buffet of the lobby07:00 鈥?10:0013:00 鈥?15:0019:00 鈥?22:00Sports Bar24 hrs self service snacks and drinks24hrsLa UvaPalladium Resort and Spa beach buffet07:00 鈥?10:00Continental breakfast10:00 鈥?11:00Lunch13:00 鈥?15:00Snacks15:00 鈥?17:00El BehiquePalladium Resort and Spa buffetEl Bohiobuffet at palace beach12:00 - 16:00Las TorresPalace buffet across from lobby07:00 鈥?10:00*the best buffet it may have entrance line19:00 鈥?22:00Restaurants a la carte require reservation and are restricted by length of stay (7 days = 3 vouchers 14 days = 5 vouchers). Bring the vouchers with you to make the reservations. The food is spotty and definitely below NYC standards. Mariachi and Bamboo are generally considered the better with Quijote and Nostrum the worse. A la carte and Las Torres have a wine list available for an extra charge.Mare Nostrum 鈥?Tratorian specialtiesEl Arrecife -seafoodLa Gran Catina Mariachi - MexicanEl Quijote -SpanishBamboo -AsianBars are all over the place. Better bars are the Meeting Bar near the Bavaro restaurants, the piano bar in between the Bavaro鈥檚 lobby and pool and the Royal Suits pool bar.Entertainment 鈥?The Bavaro鈥檚 amphitheatre has a dance troop, which performs nightly themes and variety shows at 22:00. It鈥檚 not Broadway but they do try. The Casino has a couple of card tables for blackjack and poker; roulette table and slots 10:00 鈥?03:00. The lobbies have band playing in the evening with dancing encouraged. The piano bar also has board games and card tables as well as serving better drinks including cava.Spa 鈥?The spa is ok. W/o extra charge; fitness room is worn out (sneakers required), bathrooms have showers steam and sauna, there is an outdoor large Jacuzzi reservations required. With an extra charge are massage and beauty treatments. The massage is weak but the moonlight seaside massage is interesting. The facials seem decent. By the way, bring your own beach towel. They don鈥檛 supply any.Towels 鈥?When you check in you鈥檒l receive towel cards. Near the pools are towel shacks where you may exchange your card towel and vice versa. They close by 17:00.Animation Staff 鈥?The animation staff has a schedule of events through out the day; tennis, stretching class, sailing clinic, archery, volleyball, rifle shooting, ping-pong, bocce, aerobics, dance lessons, and soccer. Water sports include windsurfing, sailing, and extra fee diving or parasailing. There is a three-day scuba-training program for $380. Rooms 鈥?Building type vary between hotels. Bavaro has small villas, Palladium Resort and Spa larger buildings, and Palace Royal Suits is three large buildings arranged in a U shape. Rooms are well appointed. Beds are very firm. Jr. Suits have a bit more space including a couch seating area. Bathrooms are large with two person Jacuzzis. The Romance suits have the tub in the bedroom. There鈥檚 a safe, refrigerator refilled every other day (water, soda, and one beer), satellite TV with a couple of English channels (Showtime, ESPN, CNN, ABC) and a coffee/tea pot. A security card controls the electricity by the entrance door. No card鈥?no electricity. Housekeeping can remove the card and has been known to hide it on people who don鈥檛 tip. I just took the card out and put it in a draw when we left. The current is US standard 110V but the plugs only work for two prongs. The reception desk has adapters. Each room has a thermostat but the ac shuts off if the balcony door is opened. There isn鈥檛 room service except for perhaps at the Royal Suits for special occasions.Regarding the room cleaning. I wasn鈥檛 too happy after the first day when it was apparent that the cleaning staff had gone through my papers and left them moved about. I made sure to put everything away and lock up the valuables including personal electronics. My laptop was chained in the closet. To get clean towels, leave your used bathroom towels in the tub or on the floor. You change Beach towels at the pool.Tipping 鈥?no tipping is required but is highly appreciated. The staff is very nice and accommodative. If you tip then word gets around quickly and you鈥檒l get better service. We鈥檙e taking a dollar or two. Leave a buck on the table after diner. Give a buck every couple of drinks. Leave some for the cleaning staff with a gracias note (although frankly they didn鈥檛 show much appreciation). It鈥檚 wise to bring a large number of singles with you, as making change can be difficult. US dollars are accepted everywhere.Spanish 鈥?The staff speak Spanish. Many of them know a couple of words in English but it would be easier to learn a couple of Spanish phrases. This website has a good list. http://www.debbiesdominicantravel.com/ Water 鈥?Drink only bottled water. All of the bars and restaurants have them (Agua por favor) the food and drinks are safe to eat. But do not drink the tap water. Don鈥檛 even brush your teeth with it. Eating yogurt can help prevent your getting sick.Alcohol 鈥?It鈥檚 available everywhere. Specify the type of alcohol if that鈥檚 what you want. The frozen drinks come virgin unless you ask for rum in it.Smoking 鈥?This is a European company. Smoking is permitted almost everywhere but surprisingly there wasn鈥檛 too much of it.Shopping 鈥?There are a couple of shops on the resort. There is onne near the Bavaro lobby and a couple more up the path from the Palace lobby. The village has better prices but pushy sellers. There is a supermarket one row behind the beach, which has a number of items including an ok wine selection. Bring anything you may need because essentials are more expensive. This includes a variety of medicines for probably ailments i.e. headache, stomachache, sunburn etc. Daytrips 鈥?I didn鈥檛 do any and cannot advise except use a tour group that operated through the resort. The Dominican Republic is poor and you may be taken advantage of if not in a group.When you are checking out bring your room keys and beach towel cards. They will give you a check out card to show the porter when you鈥檙e getting a cab to return to the airport. The ticket counter at the airport is chaotic and security is lax. Once you get through security there are two sides to the terminal. One side is open air while the other is air-conditioned. At the gate they will group you together and lead the group to the plane.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So nice Just got back this morning and I have to say that we had a great time. So here is the breakdown.Rooms: There are around 60 villas, each on has 2 floors and 4 rooms per floor. You will love it. Very clean and bright, heat and strong ac.Beach: Just amazing white sand. You can walk for hours in any directions. Of course you鈥檙e walking from one club鈥檚 front beach to another. Also each club has their own people trying to sell you something, massage, tour etc鈥ou will get bugged around 1 times per kilometer. Just so no thank-you and don鈥檛 worry they do not insist too much.Weather: Perfect; 22c at night and around 30c during the day. Some clouds but it give you a nice little break. Rains pretty much everyday but only for around 5 minutes then it will clear right up. It is very humid to you go end-up go trough more clothes then you think.Food: You have plenty to select from with around 3 main buffet in various locations. You will also get 3 coupons for a choice of restaurants. If you decided to use make sure to book them on the first day since they fill up very fast. You might have to eat a little late, around 8:00-9:00pm. Men have to dress with long pants for summer so bring a few pairs.Booze: Your room bar will be stocked every other day with 4 litters of water, 2 beers and 4 pops. Don鈥檛 worry about it since you can get this stuff free anywhere anyways. You only have one beer (el Presidente). It鈥檚 ok in bottle but better in draft. You also have a list of around 40 drinks. All mix drinks are very very very sweet so you will not enjoy them as much. They have house wine and it is not bad. There are a few beach bars that serve beer and 3-4 types of rum punch. Grounds. Big and beautiful. The hotel is right next door to the Palladium Grand and you also have access to their stuff.Entertanment: The main hall has a band that plays 8:00pm to 12:00pm. They are excellent. A small disco, casino and a few other things but nothing to really write about.Activities: The activities are very limited because they have a small group of workers doing them. They do a great job but again here is an example. Archery is only at 10:00am and 4:00pm. You will get a chance to shot 10 arrows . My GF did a bad shot and lost one so after that everyone could only shot 9 arrows. They have around 5 people running around organizing the activities and they are all pretty much timed to start when the other finishes.Overall it is a great place to go and I would return in a heart beat. I know it is a all exclusive but a would suggest tipping the person who was serving you. A few dollars goes a long way. A gave the maid 5$ on the first day then 1$ each day after that. Gave 1$ at each meal and a few more for drinks here and there. During my whole week I gave around 60$. If you tip make sure to give it to the actual person and do not leave it on the table since someone else will pick it up.Enjoy and send me an email if you have any questions.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Most relaxing holiday ever! My family visited Grand Palladium resort for our Christmas holidays and had possibly the most relaxing holidays ever. The resort was kept spotless, the food was outstanding, and the people who worked there were very cheerful and welcoming. Although there was a language barrier, the staff at the resort were always friendly, and more then willing to assist you. The resort itself was set up very nicely! The grounds-keeping was outstanding, garbage was no where to be seen. The beach was breath taking, with very few locals selling their goods, which helped to keep it very peaceful. The activities included at the resort were more then enough to keep you busy, as well as extras the resort could arrange. The night life was another highlight. We would definitely reccomend this resort to anyone contemplating going to the Dominican Republic, it is well worth a trip!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First Time to the Dominican We visited the Dominican for the first time this past December for two weeks. After reading some of the reviews we were both excited and suspicious as the comments seemed to be all over the place. The hotel was great. Our room was nice,clean and spacious with a king size bed, jacuzzi and balcony. The grounds are immaculate and tended to every day. The staff were excellent and all greeted you whenever you met them. The resort is large with beautiful walkways. It is good to take the train ride for an orientation of the property or if you are tired of walking. The facilites, the pools, beach and activities were just like the commericals on television. If we return to this hotel we would likely not go to the ala carte restaurants as the food at the buffets seemed to be better with more selection.Offsite tours we took part in were the Bavaro Runners and the trip to Saona island. We recommend both as they let you see a little of the country side.This is a beautiful resort and would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing time at Palladium Bavaro. DR. I went with my family (6 people) to Punta Cana over Christmas. It was simply amazing! We all had an awesome time. We went ATVing, which was the best part of the trip, Horse back riding on the beach, can't describe how pretty that was, swimming with the dolphins, which was a waste of money and time, snorkling, which was well worth the 20$, and sat around and enjoyed the beach. The food was not the best at the resort, but we managed. The resort itself was beautiful, and the faculty were very kind. I reccomend going, We had the best time, and have another trip booked for april!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>k8soda
<Content>Loved the Pallidium       Sunrise on Bavaro Beach  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice but Mexico is better! We stayed at the Palladium Bavaro from Jan 1-8, 2006 and found some good and bad things regarding the vacation.~My boyfriend(29) and I(25) enjoy quiet, relaxing vacations and this was exactly that. Unfortunately, last year we stayed at the Palladium in the Riviera Maya and there is no comparison. The Riviera Maya resort blew this one away.  ~Beware if you arrive before 3:00 check-in time. We arrived at 1:00 and were told our room would be ready in an hour. We came back and were told another half-hour. THEN we were told again another half-hour. Finally after another 10 minutes of waiting we were finally able to go to our room. If I had initially been told of the wait time earlier, We could have gone by the pool or something. I found this very frustrating and the front dest was very unhelpful. I do realize we went during one of the busiest weeks of the year but this is our vacation too!~If you do not speak much Spanish you are screwed...The people that work at the resort speak none. I don't mind, but many times I felt ignored--maybe even scoffed at a little.~Also, I've read many reviews about how rude Americans are, and I found it to be the complete opposite. I wasn't the only one. I heard others complaining about how rude Europeans are. They cut in line, push people aside, and have zero courtesy when it comes to something as simple as letting others walk on a walking path. The majority would not move out of the way for anyone. Also, when did mullets come back in style? Because many Europeans had one. Just curious...Lets get to the facts...ROOM: I was cheap and chose a standard room, but found it was fine. It was comfortable and everything I needed. Do beware though that if you are on the bottom floor, you will get tiny centipedes all over. Expect at least 3 in your room per day. They are all over, but don't bother anyone. I know this is standard for most of the rooms since they are everywhere. Also, our television was haunted and would turn on or off randomly...plus the volume never rose higher than a whisper. Very strange.BEACHES: Are fabulous. I've never seen so many palm trees in my life.CASINO: I put a dollar in the 5 cent slots and won $101.00...I cashed out and left richer. I'm not much of a gambler. I booked a moonlight massage for two with part of the money.MASSAGE: It was $130.00 for the two of us. Don't do one. They talked majority of the way through it and even talked on their cell-phone after it vibrated on my boyfriends back. Plus, they were a little violating--getting way too close to privates. I felt very uncomfortable. TOURS: PLEASE do the Marinarium tour. One of the best tours I've ever taken. My boyfriend is scared of sharks, but really who isn't a little--but even he loved it. These are not little nurse sharks unless 6 feet long is little to you. It was totally awesome and very safe since the sharks are not man-eaters. Plus, they stop off at a shallow spot in the ocean so you can look at starfish. IT was so cool. Also, do not do the beginners version-- so you can snorkel around for awhile--I saw tons of cool fish. I'm not the greatest swimmer but I had no problem. We also did the Sanoa tour and I was dissapointed. If you've seen the Carribean sea before then there is no real need to do the tour. They act like they're taking you to a secluded nature spot and there was easily 200+ people there, just to lay on the beach. It was lame. The speed boat ride is uncomfortable and they constantly push tip jars in your face. They also stop at the starfish spot, but the Marinarium was longer and better at the spot. I felt this tour was a waste of money personally. FOOD: Uh, well if you love seafood there is plenty. Food is very oily. I ate a lot of pizza because some of it scared me. The meat is not high quality regulated food, I was afraid to eat most of it. But I did find things to eat...The mexican restaurant is very good, the asian okay, and the spanish only okay. The mexican night buffet was also very good. DRINKS: I don't really like beer, but it was pretty good. Drinks were okay--I mean who isn't happy with fruity drinks. They even have drinks right out of coconuts...Overall, it was nice. I liked Mexico better because they service better there. I felt like a tip went no where here. They would dissapear and never return. I was ready to go home--I was sick of rude dominicans and others. Hope this helps!!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Nonconformist
<Content>Red Hat Alert Tropical paradise with mile long powder-like sandy beaches. Crystal clear blue/green water. Decor Tropical elegance, ambiance great. Rooms spacious, comfortable and clean. Service needs improvement, mostly staff needs training and better organization skills at the buffet restaurants. One person literally ran over my husband with a loaded dish cart. Staff needs to be familiar with hotel layout. Food- great presentation, but borderline edible. We were only able to book one a la carte restaurant, which was suppose to be the best Mexican, the fish was tastless. They have a real problem with soup/cereal spoons- they don't exist. There was no bathing size soap, they only provided miniature hand size soap. The entertainment is in need of a good choreagrapher, the music whether it was the band or the sound system was incomprehensible- and I do comprehend the language.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>midwestsunlover
<Content>Who could ask for anything better!!! My husband and I returned from a quick anniversary trip to the Grand Palladium. I cannot imagine who would have a trip other than excellent here. The grounds were beautiful and well manicured. You could walk for hours and see something new. Everything was clean. The service was unbelievable. We called someone with a room repair shortly before new year and someone was there within 5 minutes! There was always someone there to get you something. The food was out of this world. The resort was crowded for the New Year, yet the only time we knew that was when we trying to get reservations for the ala carte restaurants.( Hint: book them as soon as you get there!). We ate at the seafood place one night and the meal was great! We booked the New Year's Gala. They served lobster and had ice sculptures, waterfalls with fruit and an archway of desserts to choose from. Fireworks, streamers, party hats and champagne. That night they introduced us to some of their country's traditions for the holiday. They were so excited! The buffets were great with a lot of variety. Dress for men at night is semi formal meaning that they must wear long pants( in the reservation places).There is a small casino on the grounds and entertainment around the clock. We never had to get up early and reserve chairs by the pool. We will definitely return. The country was wonderful and so were its people!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>KathyStr
<Content>Advice If You've Already Booked.. Our trip was with a party of 12, and we specifically booked at Palladium because we were told we could be accommodated. We were not. Now, my family and I understand that 12 can be a challenge to accommodate, and believe me, we weren't asking for extraordinary requests or unreasonable demands. But, no one was willing (or cared) to help us. None of our rooms were together (as we were promised), we couldn't do any activities, and we couldn't get dinner reservations AT ALL.We've stayed at various all-inclusives, but I would not recommend this as a place to stay. It's not 5-Star as they claim, but it wasn't horrific either. However, here is what I would recommend if you've already booked:MAKE RESERVATIONS FOR DINNER, SNORKELING, DIVING, ETC. AS SOON AS YOU ARRIVE. We arrived on Monday and on Tuesday when we went to make reservations, we were told nothing was available all week. We did find that if you put up a fight, they may give in, but really, does anyone want to argue on their vacation?KNOW THE LANGUAGE. This is the only resort I've ever stayed in where the language barrier was such a big issue. They speak very little English...from hotel management down to waiters and maids. Be prepared.MEN: BRING PANTS. If you are lucky enough to get ala carte dining reservations, men need to wear long pants. Boys under 13 did not.TOPLESS WOMEN. We're no prudes, but we had 3 boys ages 10-13 who spent lots of time gawking! Just a heads up as this resort seemed to have much more than any others I've been to. At the pools and the beaches.BE PREPARED TO WALK. This is a huge resort, and it's possible your room is far away from the main part. They do offer a train/shuttle. which runs very often. Use it.FRIDAY MARKET SALE. On Fridays, the main pool shuts down at night and locals come and peddle their goods. We got some nice souveniers at decent prices. Bargain! (Interestingly enough, these were the ONLY folks who knew English!). I mention this because we didn't see anything advertised about it, we happened to stumble across it by chance.CHECK UNDER THE BEDS. We noticed lots of bugs in the first floor rooms. Alive and dead. They came and cleaned up promptly, but the girls were a bit freaked out! We solved the problem by sticking a towel down by the door to keep them from coming in.WATER. Don't drink tap water. Grab bottled water at the restaurants. We put the shower cap over top of the spicket to remind us.If you have any other questions, please email me and I'll be happy to answer.Have a great time. Be sure to enjoy the beach!!!!! It's beautiful.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>kennywah
<Content>Great end to the year 2005!       After the rain...  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chb
<Content>What a Christmas present We just spent Christmas through New Years at the Palladium Bavaro. Many other reviews have given lots of details, so here are our hightlights:This is our 3rd time in Punta Cana. Both the rooms and service at the Palladium are much nicer than the Iberostar.Beach: the area at the Bavaro end near the volleyball area is the busiest/most crowded - great if you want to participate in organized beach activities. The least crowded/quieter (which we preferred) is in the middle, in front of the Punta Cana. If you aren't an early riser, the best place to go and still get lounge chairs and umbrellas in in front of the Royal Suites (mostly honeymooners - not early risers!).Pool: the Palace pool seemed to be the busiest. The Royal Suites pool was our favorite - never crowded and they have lounge chairs built into the pool.Restaurants: We loved the Mexican and Asian - the Dominican was so-so. The New Years Eve buffet was fabulous! grilled lobster, tons of shrimp, steak, roast pig, etc. and the champagne was alot better than I expected. The fireworks at midnight were really nice.Staff: We found them to be responsive. We had a problem with the safe when we checked in; went to the front desk and the supervisor accompanied us to the room to check it out. He radioed maintenance and someone came immediately. When he wasn't able to fix it, we went back to the front desk, and they called the head of maintenance, who came and (finally) got it working. There were some small issues(the TV turned itself on and off at random, unless you used the power button instead of the remote; the bathroom doorlatch wouldn't stay latched; for some reason, we were always short either 1 bath towel, hand towel or bathmat) but nothing bad enough to ruin a great vacation!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Tammywentwalking
<Content>Wonderful family holiday I would like to share our wonderful holiday by telling you what a magical place the Grand Palladium Bavaro Hotel is. My husband and I and our 2 teenaged children as well as my mom had an amazing time. The Hotel Reception answered many of our initial questions and also in the reception was posted the activites, entertainment for the evening as well as the Al A Carte Menues so that you could book into the Restaurants that would suit your taste.The grounds were immaculate and truly magical at night with the lights. The beach was everything I had read about, white sand and the ocean was at least 3 colours and the beach went on as far as the eyes could see.The train was a really handy feature of the resort as my mom was able to access most of the resort. She enjoyed talking with people at the pools and also enjoyed the casino. She mostly played the nickel machines. We also enjoyed activities at the sport field, we tried pellet shooting, archery, ping pong, table tennis and a little basketball. There was beach volleyball, mini golf, and soccer also available.We also enjoyed on Christmas Eve; the live show of the Christmas Story.The restaurants never ceased to amaze us with sculptures and woven palm leaves and something to please every taste. The Sports Bar open 24 hours a day really pleased our teenaged kids with everything from pizza to fries and burgers. They also enjoyed the internet cafe and the pool table.We would reccomend this hotel to everyone, we would go again in a New York minute. The people working at the resort were mostly happy and courtious people who made an effort to get to know you especially when you made any kind of effort to speak a few words in Spanish.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT!!!! We just returned yesterday, (Jan.1, 2006) from the Palladium Bravaro Grand Resort in Punta Cana. I have never been so disappointed or angry in any hotel as this one. The room was large enough; we had a king size bed, a sitting area with sofa and chair and coffee table. The bathroom was quite large consisting of a 2-person jacuzzi bath, 2-sink vanity, a separate shower and separate toilet. When we took showers, the shower door wouldn't close as the top hinge was broken. Hence, we had water literally all over the floor. I informed the front desk repeatedly about the problem. They said (every time) that they would send someone immediately to fix it. No one ever came. We literally had to beg for towels every day. I was then told that the only way to get towels is to throw them on the floor...that way they know you want clean towels. Also, FORGET about getting any facecloths. They don't use them (the Dominican people) so except on your first day when you arrive, that's the last you will see of them. I asked at least 4 times during our stay for clean washcloths and they just look at you as if you had two heads. I was told that the people are bi-lingual. What a joke that is. If you don't speak Spanish, you're in deep s___!! (Or if you're good at pantomime). The food leaves much to be desired, unless you like goat meat and other meats that are either overcooked and tough or undercooked. In one of the restaurants (the El Arrecife) I ordered a chicken breast type of dinner, and when I cut into the chicken it was DEFINITELY still pink inside. Anyone with half a brain KNOWS chicken MUST be cooked through. You have to be careful of what you eat or you will end up very sick. Many people we spoke to had family members who got very sick there, even though they did NOT drink their tap water. One couple that were there with their 3 children (a doctor and his family that were on the same flight and stayed at the same hotel that we were at) told us that their 14 year old daughter was so sick that the hotel doctor had to put her on an intervenous drip! Understandably, they were very upset. Unbelievable, but true, I swear! They tell you not to drink the tap water, and that you can have as much bottled water as you want, and I was told they would bring bottled water to your room every day. Hah! If you have a family of 5, they bring you 2 liters of water every 2 days. Hardly enough to take care of 5 people for even one day. Oh, you can get more, but you have to go to the bars to get it yourself. Also, your room has a little refrigerator in it, but whatever you put in there, it does not get very cold. You cannot adjust the inside temperature of the refrigerator, so your water etc. is only a little cooler than room temperature. They say they stock the refrigerator every day with water, beer, and soda. Yup!! Every OTHER day they bring you one (yes, that's right, 1) bottle of beer, one Sprite, one Coca-cola, one light Coca-cola, and one orange soda. If you have more than one person in the room that wants a beer, you must share it or wait for 2 days for another to arrive. Same with the soda. Can you believe this??? This is supposed to be a 5-star resort. NO WAY is this 5-star service. NO room service either. Oh, and one other thing...make sure if you go there you bring along a power converter, because their electrical is different than ours. The bars have very little to offer in the variety of drinks (even though as an all-inclusive they say you can have anything to drink you want, including premium drinks.) Well, the hotel offers only ONE brand of beer (their own), and the bartenders DO NOT know how to mix a drink. If you think you are going to get a nice big tropical ice cream style drink, such as a pina colada etc, forget it. Some coconut flavored slush without rum (unless you tell them you want liquor in it) is what you'll get. Another thing, my husband and I are usually QUITE generous with tips, especially if we receive good service. We have no problem with that, just to make sure you understand that we don't expect something fo nothing; but at an all-inclusive, the tips are supposed to be INCLUDED in your trip, but WAIT! If you tip the maids and the waitstaff and the bartenders, they will do a better job. If you don't, they will ignore you next time you want something. Even then, they can't speak anything but Spanish, so it's very hard to communicate with them. Almost all will say....No entiendo, which means in Spanish, I don't undertand. If these hotels want to hire people, they should make them take some classes in English, at least the most common words and phrases. They want our money but the service is atroccious. I blame the hotel (CORPORATE and MANAGEMENT) for that, not the Dominican people. Ignorance is not stupidity. If the service people don't understand what you are asking for, they cannot give it. I will never go back to Punta Cana, even though the beaches at the resort and the water is absolutely gorgeous! When I go on vacation, I want to be waited on and I don't want to have to beg for the services that are due you and paid for by you. I also don't want the frustration of trying to communicate with them. I want to RELAX...that why I go on vacation! Go to Mexico instead! It's much better service, for your money. Truly!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>faullen
<Content>Great Resort This was my first trip to the Dominican Republic. We went to Punta Cana Dec 11-19 and found this resort to be beautiful. The grounds are gorgeous, the beach is like a postcard. We went through Apple tours. The flight was uneventful and as comfortable as coach can be. The Apple reps were friendly, available, and helpful. Our room was immaculate, the mini bar was stocked as we requested. The food was different, but good. There is an abundance - there is no way you could starve. There is something for everyone's liking. If you didn't like the versions of main courses offered there was always salad, fruit, the pasta station. The staff was friendly. Although a little Spanish helps, communication was not a problem. We found the drinks to be good and they would be made as strong or weak as you requested. As Americans, we were definitely the minority, but in general people were friendly. The entertainment was marginal and the major let down was lack of night life, but we were honeymooners and really didn't care. We did 2 tours through Apple, the Outback Safari - 5 stars to Alex, the guide. This was a great time and very informative about the culture. We also did the catamaran to Saona Island. This was paradise. Out boat only had 4 couples on it. Normally they take groups of 45-50. We felt like we were on a private yacht. We came home relaxed and couldn't have been happier with our choice. I have read some negative reviews and I don't know why. I would go back. I would be happy to answer any questions.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellente, excellente, excellente!!! They say, seeing is believing and this is so very true for this stunning resort. Our family of 4 enjoyed every minute of our 2-week stay there (Dec 14-27). Believe only the good reviews because a holiday is what you make of it. The resort is beautiful and impeccably clean, the food is sumptuous, the beach fantabulous and the sights are superb. We had a jr suite, ocean view (right on the beach) and enjoyed refreshing sea breezes from dawn to dusk, amongst countless other delights - too many to list. We have been travelling to Mexico (favourite spots: Puerto Vallarta and Cancun/Mayan Riviera) for the past 5-6 years and this was our first trip to the Dominican. We will definitely visit again.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very special vacation in Punta Cana Just came back from a one week vacation with my wife at the Bavaro Palladium and we have enjoyed every minutes of it. We have been going to all-inclusive resorts (choosing most of them using this site) for at least the last 10 years and this resort rates very high and compares favorably to many top of the line all inclusive resorts that we have been to in Varadero, Punta Cana and Mayan Riviera. We had a very pleasant vacation at the Collonial Palladium in the Mayan Riviera and I must say that the name Palladium is a factor when I select an all inclusive resort - I believe that this chain of resorts has very high standard of quality on how they manage their hotels, their staff and food. As soon as we arrived (after travelling all nights from Vancouver) I immediately said to my wife, if the wheather is as nice as this, we will have a great vacation. The wheather has been nice the whole time which always helps. Here are the things that made this place very special for us:1- The beach is unbelievable. Nice white sand and you can walk for miles on it. There is not rocks and it gets deeper very gradually when you go in the ocean for a swim. The water is very clean and the beach is groomed every morning. I was at the beach from 7:00 am (watching the sun rise) until 6:00 pm.2- The site is a bit confusing at first as the small villas are not all in rows like most resorts but lay out in a way that takes advantage of the natural shape of the site. The gardens are so well kept that I enjoyed simply walking on all the walkways admiring them. During the evenings you can sometime smell a flower similar to honey suckle. In the morning and evening many birds are singing (it was the first time we noticed the birds at an all inclusive resort)3- The staff has been very well trained on how to deal with the very demanding tourists that we are. Always goes out of their ways to help you and smile. They don't speak English very well but you are always able to get what you want if you can be patient. I always try to say something in Spanish which makes them laugh and made it easy after. The lobby staff could have been more helpful.4- The food particularly the buffet were varied and of excellent quality. I believe that even if you are a difficult person (which I am not) you can always find something. The service at the restaurant was excellent but the food in general was not as good. If I were to go back, I would probably stick more to the buffet. The Christmas Gala dinner was something to see and enjoy - in Canada, I cannot think of something comparable in terms of quality and variety. I am sure the New Year gala will be similar.5- The bars were all offering good drinks and you never had to wait long (even during the busy Christmas season). The drink were of good quality.Lots of European are going to this resort and in general, I found people very well behave and polite. I have not seen any waste at the buffet (very unusual for an all inclusive). Kids were fun to watch as they were playing in the warm ocean water from the beginning of the day to the end. I also enjoyed to play beach volleyball and having a last Margarita with my wife at a swimming pool (which by the way are very nice)  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Resort....Excellent Vacation! Me (26) and my girlfriend (23) booked at the Palladium Grand from Dec 15th to Dec 20th through Expedia (our first time in Dominican). I was leery as I've heard mixed reviews of this resort. Also, the weather forecast called for rain on every day of the 5-day forecast.It DID rain every day, but usually only for an hour or so in the morning and the one day at night for about 3 hrs on and off. Apparently this is normal here as weather patterns blow through very quickly.A rundown of our arrival:We arrived at the Punta Cana airport and were quickly bombarded by the workers trying to take our bags. Since my girlfriend spent 2 semesters in Spain she knew quite a bit of Spanish so we heard them fighting over the pretty girl's bags. After the guy took our bags he asked us where we booked through and we told him Expedia. He then took us to another guy holding an Expedia sign. The man asked me for my conf. printout which I gave him. From reading other posts I took the advice and didn't book the Shuttle for $60. When the guy realized I didn't buy the shuttle service he had a little conversation with the bag boy then brought us out to the shuttle. The Expedia guy and the shuttle guy had a little conversation in Spanish as they loaded our bags into the shuttle. My girlfriend then informed me to tip the bag boy very well. I gave him $5 US. After seeing how well we tipped, Expedia guy told the shuttle guy in Spanish to give me a good deal. This was the first instance of how far a decent tip will take you in the Dominican. The 25 min ride from the airport was interesting as we got to see the poverty-ridden towns and villages along the way. I couldn't believe how underdeveloped this country is. After arriving the shuttle guy asked for $15 for the ride. I was shocked as Expedia charges $60 for round trip. To anyone reading this do what we did, but make sure you tip the bag boy at least a 5-spot and make sure the guy at the front sees you do it. Also, there is no Expedia rep at the hotel so you cannot arrange for pickup if you get the shuttle service.I wont go into great detail about the rest of our trip but below I've rated the different amenities of the hotel and area.Room: We got the Junior Suite so it was huge, very clean and the bathroom had a jacuzzi which we used nightly (well worth the upgrade). The beer fridge was restocked every other day as promised, but there was only 1 beer, two sodas and 2 waters so it went fast. There was always hot water and the air conditioning worked great. there was also about a dozen US TV channels which I was very surprised about (not that we spent much time watching TV).Resort: Immaculate! the place was unbelievably well kept and there was always workers cleaning the walkways, floors, bathrooms etc. The place is very big (including the two other resorts attached) so walking places can get tiresome. There is a tram that continuously goes from resort to resort which made getting around very easy. It also had fun music playing all the time and usually the driver was good-spirited and singing and trying to get the guests to dance around and sing too. There are several pools in the resort complex. The one at the Palladium I'd say is the least attractive pool in the resort, but the most fun. There were always activities coordinators hanging around it and getting the guests to participate. The pool at the Palace side is absolutely awesome but quiet so if you are the type that likes to relax by the pool this is the one to go to. There are a few other pools which we visited as well, but we mostly stayed at the Palladium one for the activities and the Palace one for the scenery. Every pool also had either a swim-up bar or a regular bar for drinks. ***5 out of 5Service: Top-notch! These people bust their ---- to help you. Almost everyone speaks English (some better than others). I hate to hear people complain about the language barrier as it IS their country and that IS their language. Here's a thought for those people....LEARN SOME SPANISH! The bar staff were always fast and if you tipped well, they would literally RUN to get you a drink. Remember, these people make very little money so a couple bucks goes a long way. The maid service was great too. We are pretty much slobs when in a hotel and the maids went as far as folding our clothes and lining up our shoes. We left them a $20 because we are so messy.*5 out of 5***Activities: The activities coordinators went out of their way to ensure guests were having fun. There was always things planned throughout the day, and they would do them even if you were the only person participating. I recommend the dancing lessons as they will actually graduate you up on stage at the show later at night. The nightly shows were pretty good. They were a little repetitive as it was always the same dancing crew, but it was still very entertaining. The performers will try every attempt to get you up on stage and it makes for a good trip if you do it. There ws also a Disco that was open till 2am every night and they played some really good music. The activities coords were in there nightly as well teaching the hustle and various Spanish dances (i still have follow-the-leader in my head). There were also excursions and things you could do if you are feeling adventurous. We only did the parasailing which was very nice and pretty reasonable ($80 per couple). The excursion, parasailing, scuba people will hound you to go on these excursions and stuff and I dont recommend doing what i did and saying I'll do it later, or tomorrow...they WILL remember you and get mad when you have to tell them no then. Tell them no Gracias right away or if you're thinking about it get a brochure from them. The brochure will save you from future houndings as well (just pull the brochure out and say you just got one). **5 out of 5***Beach: Breathtaking! This is ultimately what we came for and we were not disappointed. White sands, blue water, palm trees, plenty of chairs...This is truly paradise! They even have workers raking the washed up seaweed. **5 out of 5***Food: Now this is our only sore point on this trip. I've read many reviews about various Dominican resorts and everyone pretty much says the same thing.....the food kinda -----. Me and my girlfriend both had one day where we were vomiting and had diarrhea (pack your pepto people!). They cook alot of the buffet food in some kind of oil that stinks and tastes very weird. By the end of the trip we couldn't stomach going past the buffet restaurants cause the smell was emanating from it. We were however expecting this so it didn't ruin our trip. I do recommend the sports bar pizza and sandwiches which is where by the end of the trip we were eating breakfast and lunch. The A la Carte restaurants were great though and I recommend the Mexican and Chinese ones. Make your reservations early for these as time-slots disappear fast. **3 out of 5**** All-in-all we had a wonderful time and would recommend this resort to anyone looking for a spot in Punta Cana. Again, make sure you tip well and you wont be disappointed in the service and make sure you pack Pepto, Tums, Tylenol, and sunblock. Hope this review helps anyone looking to stay here. Enjoy your trips! If you have any questions about our trip or experience email me (i think my email address posts with the review).StacyWindsor, Ontario, Canada  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Piece of Paradise My partner and I are just back from the Palladium in Punta Cana and had a wonderful time. It was my first time in the caribbean and I am definitely smitten.The Room We stayed in a Junior suite which was truly lovely. We couldn't get over the size of the bath - large two person jacuzzi bath - great! The general decor of the room was excellent and our villa was a stones throw away from the beach, pool and lobby.The ResortStunning is the word I would use to describe this resort. It is immaculate with manicured gardens, palm trees, water features, cute shops and lovely bars. Never been to a resort which is so pristine - resorts in Greece etc could really learn something from the standards employed here.The resort is big but by no means is it a problem to walk around. We took the train once just for the novelty factor but you would be quicker walking.Pool and BeachThe pool is beautiful. We went there on days when it was too breezy on the beach and although it was a tad oven like it was really enjoyable. Only marred once by bizarre Canadians talking to each other over us on walkie talkies - think they may have been too lazy to walk twenty feet to communicate with each other. The beach was everything I hoped it would be. Miles of pure white sand, palm trees a gentle breeze and turquoise water -paradise. There was always plenty of space and we always got a spot near the beach bar.FoodThe breakfast buffet was great with the pancake station being my favourite. Lunch is buffet style in El Ariciffe beside the beach - again it was good but the repertoire didn't change much and I had pasts most days. Perhaps I just wasnt adventurous enough, besides it was lush pasta. There is a different theme for the main evening buffet each night - spanish, dominican, tex mex etc. They were great. By the end of the fortnight however we were getting a little bit bored with the food but only at the tail end of the holiday. We also ate at the Spanish, Asian and Mexican restaurants. The Spanish was awful and we left half way through our mains. The Asian was potentially very nice but I had to leave before eating as I was poorly due to too much sun and the Mexican was fab (third time lucky.Trips and activitiesI found the climate so hot and humid compared to what I am used to (coming from Scotland) and so it took quite a while to acclimatise and found the heat quite draining so was quite happy just to sit and read copious books. We did however play a bit of tennis, archery, paddle tennis, badminton, petanque and volley ball when we could summon the enery. We also experienced a moonlight massage on the beach which was beautiful and rather vigourous. I also had a facial in the spa - the best facial I ever had. We went on a helicopter trip - pricey but so worth it - loved it loved it loved it!Staff and Animation They were fabulous. Our maid made love hearts, swans and kissing doves adorned with flowers from the towels in our room. We left a few dollars each day as a thank you.The animation staff are so freindly and enthusiastic and the shows they put on are fantastic, lasting just the right amount of time. The dancing is fabulous to watch.We will return  
<Date>Dec 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good time Visited the resort from Nov.27 - Dec.11/05 Had a very good time. Weather was very good. In total it rained for 1 day not bad.RESORT - Large complex,very clean.Rooms - On the small side.Poor shower (low pressure)free safe, replenish the items in fridge every few days.Service - Hit and miss. Have had betterBeach - Top notch.Weather- Almost all sunny days.Would rate this resort 3.5 * Would come back.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>kamaro
<Content>Great Relaxing vacation at the Palladium       Deluxe room  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DK/TK
<Content>Fantastic This was a fantastic resort and Punta Cana was a beautiful destination. We went to the Mayan Riveria last year and this was much nicer.The resort was very clean and the staff were friendly and fun. There wasn't a lot of english spoken and we don't speak spanish but did learn enough to say please and thank you etc. We found that if you try and speak a little spanish and use your manners it got you everything. I'm sure tipping helped too. This wasn't necsessary but the staff work very hard for very little and it was appreciated. My Husband is a tree climber and got a demo of how to climb a palm tree by one of the gardeners. They work especially hard and the grounds are beautiful.Of course we gave him a small tip and after that we got a hand cut/manicured cocconut delivered two days in a row. We stayed in a junior suite. It was very nice. Loved the bathroom. Big soaker tub. It was heaven.No problem with theft or feeling unsafe.We got married on the second day of our trip. Kenny Santana was wonderful. Our travel agent hadn't confirmed the date and he was able to arrange everything within 24 hours. He was great. The wedding was one of the best days of our lives. The setting couldn't have been more beautiful. I would recommend getting married at this resort to anyone. It was just us and two friends. There was no stress. The 3 piece band sounded lovely and was very romantic. I can't say enough about the photographer. Get the book!!! WOW. He does an incredible job. It was worth every penny. The pictures are great. I was able to see two other couples pictures and they were just as satisfied with their's as we were with ours. The beach was clean and it was nice that there was extra beach chairs stacked so you never got to the beach and couldn't find a chair.The excursions were way better than in Mexico. They were less expensive and very fun filled. The Bavaro Runners, Quadding, and the swimming with the sharks were all excellent. Freddy was a great tour guide and it was really cool to walk through Maria's house and around her garden. Some people brought candy for the children I wish we would have. The wind picked up and we weren't able to do a dive we had booked and paid for. This was a bit of a headache. If you book excursions do it through your rep. It took Three days, four trips to the dive shop and two hissy fits to get our money back. They aren't a part of the resort, they rent the space from the resort. We did get our money back but we wasted valuable time going back and forth to the shop and dealing with them. It wasn't a good way to spend part of your vacation. This was one of the best trips we have been on. We wish we had gone for two weeks instead of one. We did get some rain but it would rain for 10-15 min. then stop and be beautiful and sunny again. It was cool to see the rain come down that fast. It would pour then just stop. But we are from B.C. We are used to the rain. I would prefer tropical rain any day. The food.. The buffet is a buffet. There were a few people who were bathroom bound but I think that the oils and different foods are to blame. We had brought a mini pharmacy. Gravol, Immodiun, Pepto, Tylenol etc. and found this helpful. Some of our fellow bus riders were greatful that we had it as well.The resort had really good prices in the gift shop. If you like to barter with local merchants it is still a good idea to look in the gift shop to get an idea of reasonable prices. A merchant tried to sell us maraccas for $50 and they were selling them for $10 and $5 in the store. Again, I would go back to this resort in a second! It was paradise.Two weeks next time.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxing, Immaculate, Beautiful Beach for Walking, Friendly Staff We spent the week of November 12-19, 2005, at the Palladium Bavaro Grand Resort in the Punta Cana area, Dominican Republic, celebrating our 26th anniversary. It was a wonderful week, with some interesting differences from our prior year鈥檚 experience going to the Palladium in the Riviera Maya.If you read very many reviews, you鈥檒l notice a wide variety of opinions. It鈥檚 our belief that some folks may bring less than pleasant experiences on themselves through their attitudes or inappropriate expectations. Be positive, friendly, and go with the flow 鈥?after all, you鈥檙e on vacation! 鈥?and you may find very little to gripe about.The clientele at the Palladium complex of several resorts (including the Palladium Bavaro) was even more foreign than in the Riviera Maya. I would estimate only 10-15% Americans. LOTS of Germans, in particular. Great for people-watching 飦?. We didn鈥檛 really run into the 鈥渞ude foreigner鈥?problem other American travelers have mentioned.FLIGHTS: There are no USA3000 charter flights from Columbus, Ohio, to Punta Cana, DR, unfortunately. So we had to fly American Airlines connecting through Miami. That is a significant drawback that could tip us in favor of the Riviera Maya in the future (or taking direct USA3000 flights to Punta Cana from Cincinnati). There鈥檚 more time spent traveling, the planes are less spacious than the USA3000 Airbuses, and we missed a connection coming back (due to a delay in the flight from Punta Cana because of a mechanical problem), which meant we had to spend a night in the Miami area (and we were lucky to be able to find a hotel room at all). All that being said, the arrival and departure times did give us more time at the resort, which was a plus.PUNTA CANA AIRPORT: The airport was smaller, more charming (thatch-roofed, small groups of musicians, girls in costume greeting you on arrival), and quicker to get through than the Cancun airport. We had to purchase and fill out tourist cards upon arrival, but that wasn鈥檛 a significant delay. Locating our baggage was much easier than in Cancun 飦?.APPLE VACATION ASSISTANCE AND TRANSFERS: The Apple staff were much less busy on arrival than when we had arrived in Cancun, so we got onto a bus and departed fairly quickly. There were only a few people on the bus and our hotel was the first stop, so the time to the resort was less than in the Riviera Maya 飦?. The Apple representative on the bus interacted with us more than in the Riviera Maya, and even had the bus stop for some Presidente beers, which were very appreciated after a long, dry flight. The return trip, on the other hand, was just OK 鈥?a full minivan with some stops to pick up folks at other resorts on the way. The Apple representative at the hotel (Patricia Boerders) was friendly, informative, and not pushy regarding excursions and whatnot. Unfortunately, it was only her, so getting her time to find out pickup time on the last day was a little tough.RESORT APPEARANCE/AMENITIES: The Palladium Bavaro resort is one of a complex of (at least) THREE Palladium resorts. The complex is huge 鈥?we never did figure it out completely, and you really have to take the available tram to get around to the far corners (or have lots of time/patience to walk around). While the lobbies of the resorts are less imposing than some others we鈥檇 seen in the Riviera Maya, including those of the Palladium there, they were fine. The grounds are well landscaped and immaculately maintained, but are less lushly tropical/wild than the Palladium in the Riviera May 鈥?something we missed. There was a nice flamingo pool right in front of our resort lobby. We liked the egrets that flew in there, but we have to say that this pool was less impressive than either of the two flamingo pools at the Palladium in the Riviera Maya. The Palladium Bavaro consists of a series of 2-story villas, which we liked and prefer to the 鈥渓arge hotel building鈥?appearance of some other resorts. Pathways are nice, but can be a little narrow at times. The available maps are almost a joke 鈥?hard to figure out, not to scale, etc. So it can be an adventure figuring out your way around 飦?. Do take the time to explore the whole complex 鈥?you may find, as we did, that another resort鈥檚 lobby bar is quieter and/or less crowded (if that鈥檚 what you鈥檙e looking for). As in the Palladium in the Riviera Maya, the fitness facility didn鈥檛 appeal much 鈥?non-air-conditioned, older equipment (and not a lot of it), etc. 鈥?but then, that鈥檚 not the primary reason we came 飦?. Because the beach is more of an attraction here than in the Riviera Maya, the pools are much smaller. However, the pool near us was quite nice and we actually used it 鈥?it wasn鈥檛 as crowded or noisy as the main pool in the Riviera Maya. We appreciate the 24-hour sports bar, which had some good snacks, a bar, and convenient Internet access.RESORT STAFF: No problems! In fact, we would have to say the staff here is probably even friendlier than at the Palladium in the Riviera Maya. Most were very patient regarding language barrier (if any), and went out of their way to be accommodating. Victor in the El Cathedral buffet restaurant was truly a pleasure! The one possible exception was the lady handling a la carte dinner reservations 鈥?she was telling us the restaurants were booked solid for the week, but we were able to get into El Arrecife on our own without any problem, and the a la carte restaurants consistently seemed fairly empty. (Don鈥檛 know what the deal was 鈥?was she looking for an 鈥渦nder the table鈥?bribe? Were there a lot of 鈥渘o-shows鈥? Was the restaurant staffing low?)ACCOMMODATIONS: We upgraded to a Romance Suite. We would have to say this was distinctly better than even the Mayan Suite at the Palladium in the Riviera Maya. A very large suite with a firm king-size canopy bed, a huge bathroom area with double-sink, toilet, shower, and 2-person Jacuzzi, an outdoor shower/hammock area, and a small outside patio area with a couple chairs. The air conditioning worked very well 鈥?in fact, it got almost too cold a couple times and it seemed hard to control to the desired temperature. Storage space was better than at the Palladium in the Riviera Maya, there was less of a 鈥渕usty鈥?smell, and there were more TV stations available (including Cinemax and HBO). While these Romance Suites are about as close to the beach as you can get, they鈥檙e still not quite as close as the Mayan Suites at the Palladium in the Riviera Maya. Obviously that means you鈥檙e some ways away from the lobbies/restaurants/shops 鈥?but that was no problem for us. Our villa (villa 21) was very convenient to the beach, the main pool, and the El Arrecife restaurant 鈥?an excellent location! The refrigerator is restocked about 3 times during the week. Some folks complained that wasn鈥檛 enough restocking of the water (since here you have to use bottled water throughout the resort), but you can easily ask for additional bottles of water in the restaurants and bars. Remember to bring an alarm clock if you need one 鈥?there isn鈥檛 one in the room. A point to consider 鈥?we didn鈥檛 see the regular 鈥渏unior suite鈥? but we have a sneaking suspicion that these are essentially the same as the Romance Suite, minus the outdoor shower/hammock area (and perhaps not guaranteed to have a king-sized bed or be as close to the beach). We left tips, and the maid was very gracious, but they don鈥檛 seem to do 鈥渢owel animals鈥?here as in the Riviera Maya 飦?.BEACH: Even better for walking than in the Riviera Maya, as there are no rocks, promontory points, or other interruptions between resorts and you can just keep walking forever in either direction! Great white sand with very little debris and a blue-green ocean. Plus palm trees, bushes, lounge chairs, and palapas. We found the lounge chairs and palapas a little more on top of each other (and arranged in a more regular fashion) than at the Palladium in the Riviera Maya 鈥?there the beach was deeper and more lush with vegetation, and you didn鈥檛 feel you were as on top of others. And there were no hammocks here 飦?. Plenty of topless scenery 飦?.POOLS: The main pool was close to us (that鈥檚 where you got your towels). It was kept clean and had a good number of chairs surrounding it that could be placed either in sun or shade. Turned out to be a very nice place to come to when the wind was too strong on the beach. Not as crowded or rambunctious as the huge pool at the Palladium in the Riviera Maya. The animation staff here was more low-key regarding activities (which we appreciated).FOOD: We ate at the El Cathedral buffet restaurant, at the El Arrecife beach buffet/a la carte restaurant, at the El Quijote Spanish restaurant, and at the El Mariachi TexMex restaurant. All were very good. In fact, the dinner at the El Arrecife restaurant was exceptionally good 鈥?easily the equivalent of (in terms of food quality/variety) with some of our familiar local top-notch favorites. One must adjust to the parameters of Dominican cooking. The paella (or local equivalent), and other dishes as well, is oilier than you may expect, and portion sizes should be reduced accordingly. We took a couple Pepto-Bismol caplets in the morning and in the evening and didn鈥檛 experience any food/water problems, except for one brief point that was probably the result of overindulgence (very easy to do 飦?). There鈥檚 so much offered that, if you don鈥檛 like one thing, you鈥檒l certainly find something else of interest. Food does tend to cater to European tastes more than American tastes, but that鈥檚 understandable given the clientele, and was a refreshing change for us. The Spanish house red wine is decent, but the house white is a little too sweet 鈥?stick with the red, or go for the excellent Presidente beer.DRINKS: No complaints! The local Presidente beer is quite good 鈥?kinda like a smooth Heineken (although there is no 鈥渄ark鈥?version, as with Dos Equis in Mexico). The Coco Loco is a great coconut milk/rum/gin drink (but remember the effects of coconut milk 飦?). The Cuba Libre drink is a local favorite (rum + Coke/Pepsi). Not all the bars can make up margaritas but they can give you a killer tequila + lemonade. We didn鈥檛 feel they watered down the alcohol.EXCURSIONS: This is actually one area of clear deficiency in comparison to the Riviera Maya. There are no Mayan ruins here. The scuba diving is not world-class, as in Cozumel. There鈥檚 no park as large as Xcaret. So we didn鈥檛 do any tours during the week (and, to tell you the truth, we really didn鈥檛 miss it). We considered doing the Outback Safari, which we heard recommended by a couple people, but only one of us thought it sounding interesting 鈥?so we passed on it.WEATHER: Hard to know if our week was representative, but it wasn鈥檛 quite the same as the Riviera Maya. Last year (same week) in the Riviera Maya, it was gorgeous sunshine every day with a relatively mild oceanfront breeze, very little rain (and only at night), and considerably cooler temperatures in the evening. Here for the first several days the wind was much stronger (in fact, sometimes drove us from the beach to the pool area), and there was a continuous succession of sunshine飪?incoming clouds飪?brief period of rain飪?back to sunshine 鈥?maybe half a dozen cycles per day! If you stuck it out, you could certainly get all the sun you鈥檇 want. But you鈥檇 have to take cover periodically. By the end of the week, the weather began to resemble the Riviera Maya more 鈥?more constant sunshine and lighter winds 鈥?at which point, the boaters, divers, parasailers, etc. came out.OTHER: Do use your room safe. Take the Pepto-Bismol morning and evening and try not to overindulge 鈥?in fact, we ended up skipping lunch a couple days and just staying at the beach (with a big breakfast and a big dinner, who needs lunch?!). The insulated mug, an idea often recommended, is really unnecessary (and uses up precious luggage space). The CDC recently issued a recommendation for malaria protection for travelers to the province in which Punta Cana is located 鈥?we obtained and took the tablets (be forewarned, one of us got some 鈥済ut trouble鈥?from them, so don鈥檛 take them before plane flights or a time of eating/entertainment). Bring PLENTY of suntan lotion 鈥?we didn鈥檛 bring enough and had to buy a bottle locally, and they charge an arm and a leg. You鈥檒l have to decide for yourself whether you want to deal with the hassle of haggling with vendors (and wading through a lot of 鈥渢ourist junk鈥? vs. simply paying marked price for items in the local resort gift shops 鈥?kinda depends on what you enjoy. Bring plenty of reading material (there is a trading library in the towel hut by the main pool). Take the tram around 鈥?good to both become familiar with other parts of the resort and to people-watch the other folks at the resort who get on/off the tram (it鈥檚 especially fun in the evening, after people have had a little too much to drink 飦?). If you have an outside shower or Jacuzzi, use it!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>shari.bonsteel
<Content>Awesome spot despite the poor service We're a Canadian couple in our early 30's who were just looking for a place to recover from too much work. We booked 2 days before we left and got a great deal on-line.Things you need to know:The websites do not do this resort justice. It is 100x more beautiful than what they show.Do not attempt to find your room on your first night alone. Know your building number!Good things:BEACH! pool bar (even though it stank a little), hardly any kids, lots of couples, the room was amazing, the food kept you full and we didn't get sick at all.Bad things:The service was brutal. Some examples, waiting for a drink for 20 minutes even though you just gave a good tip. Waiting 20 minutes after you sat down to even be spoken to at the restaurants. 90% of the staff speak zero English, which doesn't bother me if they even cared to help you. Unfriendly guests who would barely break a smile when you walk by them, and who are VERY pushy at the buffets!If you're a somewhat patient person and you don't mind going to the bar to get your own drink, you will love this place! We met some great friends as you make quick connections with other Canadians.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>masonmckenna
<Content>Had an amazing vacation I just returned from a four night vacation at the Palladium Bavaro Grand. I travelled with my husband and two children ages 4 and 1 and 1/2. I really was not sure what to expect based on all of the reviews that I read....Let me put it this way. It was AMAZING!!! The hotel was beautiful and what can I say about our huge room with the biggest bathtub my kids have ever seen. The checkin procees was pretty easy. Customer service is definitely not a priority in that country, but I think it is that way at all the hotels. We were pretty upset when we could only get 1 alacarte restaurant and we pretty much had to beg for even that. The food was not the greatest but it was ok and none of us got sick which says a lot. People we met on the flight back who stayed at The Sunscape Beach were sick the entire time. So I felt pretty lucky overall. The people were great with the kids and the kids club was pretty good. I cannot say it was excellent because we really did not use it that much. I would say that the pool was one of the nicest pools I've ever been at. It fit our needs perfectly because it had a whole section for kids. THe beach was one of the prettiest beaches I've ever come across and I have been to a lot of carribean destinations.There definitely is not a lot of shopping to be done here but there is so much else to do.The train that went around the resort was great. We did that a lot.My few complaints are that they really give you no guidance as to what to do or where things are. The service was at times really bad. But the trip overall was wonderful and we can't wait to make a return trip next year.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>How does this hotel rank #4 in Punta Cana? I just got back from this hotel 2 days ago and I was slightly disappointed with it especially since I went by the reviews and its current ranking of number 4 in the popularity index on this website as far as hotels in Punta Cana go. In my opinion this hotel although not terrible should not be amongst the top 10 in Punta Cana. A little about me first, I was born and raised here in New York to Dominican parents and have been traveling to the Dominican Republic on a yearly basis for as long as I can remember. Even at my current age of 31 I go the DR a minimum of 3 times a year for both business and pleasure. Upon arriving at the lobby of the hotel my excitement level immediately went down because after reading numerous reviews I either expected to much or the hotel simply did not live up to my expectations. I decided not to jump to conclusions so early on and held any immediate disillusionment at bay. Check in at the hotel was a breeze, even my request for an ocean front suite was granted without any problems. The room was nice, not great, not terrible, but nice. I can go on for several other both positive and negatives about this place but I will cut to the chase and list my grievances and compliments for this hotel for the purpose of saving time.Simply put, the d茅cor of the hotel, once again, while not terrible does not come close to what I was expecting, especially since the resort ranks itself as a 4-5 star resort, and yes I have stayed at other 4-5 star resorts in the DR, at most this was a 3. There are several restaurants at la carte which you can choose to have dinner at but you are limited to 3 reservations for every week of your stay, good luck. I checked in on Sunday afternoon and when I went to make a reservation early Tuesday morning for any one of the restaurants they were all already booked for the entire week, the only open reservation was the night I was schedule to leave. I found this system strange for two reasons, first the check-in attendant never mentioned that I should try to make reservations as soon as possible and secondly; at every other resort that I have stayed in the DR reservations are made on a daily basis, first come first served. I was finally able to get a reservation for Thursday night only due to the cancellation of another party. On a social and party level, if your idea of reading a book by a pool for an entire week a good time then you might want to consider this place. This in my opinion is by far not a party hotel at all. Considering that the hotels club/disco caters to over a 1,000 guest easily (4 resorts in one) the club was mostly empty and most party people ended up going to a local club called Mangu. Being the open minded person that I am, if you simply want to relax and enjoy a peaceful time by the beach, this place might be for you. I would probably consider this place more of an OK family hotel. Once again, if you are young and are looking to party at all, not even party hard, look elsewhere.In closing, what the hotel lacked in d茅cor and atmosphere the staff (especially the dinning staff) made up in courtesy and attention. I stayed at another hotel in Punta Cana that shall remain nameless and it was truly gorgeous but customer service was non existent, the guys here were great. Once again not terrible, not great, simply OK. Should not be number 4 in the rating of hotels in Punta Cana. I would suspect some employee influence in the rating of this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>elvisgratton
<Content>Clearly top of the line               More photos  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ccriter
<Content>Good Value A group of eight of us stayed at the Palladium Bavaro the first week of November. This resort is huge and very beautiful. The grounds are contstantly maintained and the rooms are very clean. Checkin is very quick. We stayed in a Romance Suite and it was spectacular and very spacious. Food at the daily buffets was plentiful. For the most part, it was good but not excellent, except for the crepes. They were wonderful. As for the specialy restaurants, the seafood restaurant was el stinko. However, the Italian and Mexican restaurants were very good. The wait staff and bartenders at the resort were all very courteous, prompt and always smiling with the exception of one person from the animation staff who flipped out on us when we asked for a ball to play volley ball at the pool. We did not frequent the main pool but rather the second pool which was not set up for any activities. But is was nice and quiet and the swim up bar was a pleasure. Good drinks too. They are not stingy with the alcohol at all. The nightly shows were very ho-hum. We have been to other AI resorts and the nightly entertainment was much,much better. Because the resort is so big, there is very little interaction between the guests and the animation crew during the day. There is a shuttle that takes you around the resort but, for the most part, you have to wait for it, sometimes for 20 or 30 minutes. AS a result, we did a lot of walking. Bring comfortable shoes. The beach was beautiful, postcard perfect. However, if you like to snorkel, forget about it. The whole week we were there, the water was very rough. It is not clear. And as for the coral reef that is referenced in some of the ads for the Palladium, it is way out there. You can only get there by boat and we did not see anyone ever out there. The roughness of the water was a very big disappointment for me. For that reason, I will not be going back.Our trip was an Apple tour. We flew on USA 3000. What a real pleasure it was, like airlines used to be. We were given a meal, free movie, juices and other beverages. There were games as well. I can't say enough about what a wonderful airline they are.Overall, the Palladium is an excellent value for the money.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2005
<Rating>3	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Snugdad
<Content>Everything's OK (just) We stayed 8 days with a group of 15 and we had a good time all in all. Here's a little of our likes and dislikes:The rooms are large, with jacuzzi baths and overall are great. The beach and pools are great and the pools have swim up bars. The nightly shows were lots of fun and very well done. We found many of the bar and wait staff to be friendly and lots of fun. We all got hugs from several of them on our last day.In the dislike category the minibars in the rooms are stocked only 3 times during your stay. This is a bit of a pain since drinking tap water is not an option. The jacuzzi in at least 2 of the rooms did not work. The phone in 1 room did not work and was never fixed. You are given 3 restaurant reservation cards for the week which seems a bit cheap as well. The buffet times also seemed a bit restrictive so there were times during the day (or night) when there was very limited food available. Our consensus for the food overall was it was OK (not terrible, not great).In short we had a great time but those of us who have been to other Punta Cana resorts felt that those were of a higher quality and better value. In closing I hope that I have not come off as one of the 295 million loud, obnoxious, know it all Americans the young English gentleman referred to in a previous posting. We have met lots of wonderful people from the UK on our travels and look forward to meeting more.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Pauldd
<Content>Mixed Feelings.... My Girlfriend and I are English and returned from two weeks holiday at the Palladium Bavaro Grand Resort  Spa at the end of July. We have mixed feelings about it really. The room itself was gorgeous, really large with its own Spa Bath. The grounds were picture perfect and spotlessly clean. The beach was straight out of a postcard, white sands and never that busy. So visually we could not have asked for more, the place was magnificent.However the staff were pig ignorant and it seemed like everything was a chore to them. We are two young (27 and 25) out going people who get on with most people, but the staff here, particularly the bar staff, just did not want to know. They never made eye contact, never said please or thank you, never even acknowledged you no matter how big the smile on your face was. If you ordered a drink and they bought the wrong one they would tut and get the hump!! what's all that about?! In the end we gave up trying as they were not going to change. This is apart from the lovely Rosa and Maria who work on the main pool bar. They were, it has to be said the only exception and always gave service with a smile and enjoyed a bit of banter. English people should know that some of the louder Americans (which is most of them) grated on us as well because most of them seem to know everything about everything and insist everyone within a 4 mile radius must know all about it.The bars were ok. It's free so it can't be too bad. The food ok for the first 3 day's but then started to get really repetitive. The A la carte restaurants were a joke. One of them was so bad I felt like complaining but didn't see the point as I was not going to get any money back. The breakfast's was always the same and the food as a general was really poor.I feel like I'm a moaner now but it goes on. We booked to go on 2 trips while we were there. One was swimming with the sharks, which was fantastic I really recommend that one. The other was to go to Seona Island which I wish I could tell you about but the coach never turned up to take us there, which is handy when you have got up at 7am and are waiting about for an hour.So to say we were happy to get home would be correct but we did enjoy the holiday and glad we went.To sum it up, the place is like paradise just full or ignorant staff. I wouldn't got again and if I did it certainly wouldn't be to this hotel  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>titanpq
<Content>Best Vacation Ever       front lobby  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Robinspain
<Content>Fantastic Place This was our second trip to the Domincan Republic (Bavaro Princess last year) and this hotel was even better. The hotel itself is fantatsic, rooms were great, food very nice and the setting is just unbelieveable, clean, emptry beaches are what dreams are made of. We have a seven year old son, and while the kids clubs was great for him, on one occasion he was the only kid there, as there were very few kids on resort. The room also had no privacy as he slept in the bed next to us......Apart from that, i can definately recommend the hotel and you will have a fantastic, RELAXING time.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mighty fun that's for sure Well me and my boyfriend just came back from our trip to Punta Cana. We really liked it and frankly the hotel was beyond excellent. We're even thinking of going back, which was at first out of the question. The staff is polite and I don't understand why some reviews were so negative concerning this point. I think people seem to forget that they are visitors in a foreign country and that they shoulda) be polite b) learn some basic spanish sentences and not groan out insults and orders in English c) act in a thoughtful and civilized mannerMy complaints are basicly concerning (SOME) fellow tourists which do not follow the above indications.As for the hotel, it was superb. It was worth paying for the ROYAL SUITE. At least you get some exclusive treatment and get away from the crowds. The food was great. There was a great variety and everything was delicious.All in all great vacation to rest and relax!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MPDetective
<Content>Corona Commercial Beach My wife and two kids stayed at the Palladium 08/13 thru 08/20. Resort is well kept with lovely landscaping throughout the property. The beach was picture perfert. Lots of activities to do throughout the resort. Whether you play beach volley ball on the beach, canoe relay race at the pool or archery at the sports complex. Plenty of things to keep you busy. The shows at the theater are entertaining. Only bad thing is, no air conditioning. It can get pretty hot in there. As far as the food, nothing to write home about. The A La Carte restaurants need improvements in food quality and service. We enjoyed the buffets better. Each night was a different theme. Making reservations was not difficult, however, at times they say they booked at a certain time. Went at the time they said was booked, the restaurant was almost empty. I approached the manager on this and his response was that people give last minute cancellations. Didn't buy it. We did need the Pepto on the second day of our trip but nothing serious. We believe is the ice on the drinks since we didn't drink the water. Staff is very friendly and polite. Went to the marketplace outside of the resort and got harassed by the vendors. These vendors sell you items at whatever cost they please so make sure you bargain. Overall, the resort is great and we had an excellent time. P.S. We visited the sister resorts, ie. Grand Palace. The Palladium Bavaro was the best as all the action was right there including a Sports Bar that serves fast food until 6:00AM.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>going back to get married there!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! what can i say it was excellent in 2003- we went for 1 week nov 2003 and loved it there, everyone was really helpful and polite. We didnt expect to have anyone there that spoke english but infact tom on reception spoke it perfectly although he was a dominican through and through and there was a blonde hair lady from germany who we actually thought was english- she put us to shame.The people above mentioned the toplessness, i have never been to a country where you dont see this now! spain- canaries- italy-germany perhaps in america this doesnt happen but in europe and caribean this is very normal.When we were there, we had a terrible storm and a powercut. the staff and thomson reps went round to make sure everyone was ok and put the emeregency lighting on and explained this does happen and what they do.We went on the snorkelling with speed boats trip which was great and i will be doing this again in oct.The food was great you had a pizza and pasta area in the main restaurant where they would cook what ever you requested. A roast meat area and then loads of salads, fruit, potatoes, vegetables, fish and other meats.we went to the tex a-la cart and had a wonderful time- they give you each a mexican hat to wear and take a picture-And what can i say about the rooms!!!!!!!! we had a junior suite- it has a massive bathroom with a huge shower- his and hers sinks and a massive two person jacuzzi bath.The rooms had 2 double beds a sitting area with table and chairs and sofa bed. You even had a dressing table with a big mirror which was situated separate as you went through to the bathroom.For kids they have a large pond/small lake at the front of the reception filled with koi carp and turtles which they have a box next to filled with bread etc so you can feed them.This is really a dream resort the beach is like nothing i have seen before more like a movie setting.We had such a great time then that we are going back this october to get married out there at this hotel- there are 16 of us going for 2 weeks and i can't wait to get back out there.So we we come back i will update again-p.s you must try the strawberry dacawe drink - alcoholic but lovely!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful! Wonderful hotel, excellent service, very good food, nice people, great beach,... We will come back again!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Grand Time At the Grand Palladium Stayed at the Palladium 8/8 - 8/12/05. Couldn't have asked for a better vacation! Two adult couples early 30's. Travel was smooth, arrived in Punta Cana around 11:30am, cleared custom's, took a scenic half hour bus ride to our resort, which was guided by an Apple rep that entertained us the whole way to our resort. Upon arrival we were pleasantly surprised to see that our resort was alot nicer than the other resorts that we had dropped people off at. We were not to be disappointed by what followed. The grounds are meticulously maintained. It looked like Fantasy Island! Our rooms were no disappointment either- they were junior suites, very beautiful. After check in - we proceeded to the bar for a drink. Bar staff was very friendly, would make any drink you could think of, and then some! Knowing some Spanish would be a great help, but most staff tries to speak English. We ate at the buffet all week, had excellent food. Anybody who didn't enjoy the food wasn't open to anything new. Beaches were beautiful, lots of topless women, sun is brutal - we wore spf 50 everyday. The pool was gorgeous - had a very nice swim up bar. If you get a chance - go to the local shoppes, they love to haggle on prices! Even met Elvis  Monte Hall! The people who work at the shoppes love candy -- especially gummy candy  pop rocks. Keep in mind it is a poor country, but the people are very friendly. There was enough things to do on the resort, it was huge. 5 days didn't seem to be enough for us - would love to have stayed longer.Anyone who came here that did not have a good time - wasn't looking for a good time.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nancya
<Content>Disappointing Returned from the Palladium Bavaro Grand on July 30th. Traveled with 4 adults and 7 young adults/teens. The rooms at the hotel were very attractive with a large hydro tub in the center of room. We requested rooms for the teens with two double beds. When we arrived they assigned king beds to all rooms and could not move them until the next day. Needless to say, the boys were not pleased in having to share a bed. The move the next day was a bit of a fiasco waiting for keys etc. Wasted a few hours there. My main complaint was lack of information on hotel. They provide you with a hotel map and activity sheet, but were not specific as to which part of beach or pool they were. (The resort is huge) When you tried to ask many staff members were these things where, they either said the activity sheet was wrong or sent you somewhere else. (and it wasnt there). After a few days we just gave up. The evening we arrived, Presidente beer was hosting a huge party on the beach. Live music with many give-ways but no one at the hotel mentioned this and we heard about it the next day when we saw everyone wearing Presidente hats and bathing suits.I thought the specialty restaurants were decorated very nice but the service and food was not good. We didnt have any problem or wait long while making reservations. We usally found something interesting at the buffet and the variety was good as was the service. Some of the staff throughout the hotel were very pleasant, but on several occassions they were downright rude or indifferent. I'm still waiting for my tv remote and an extra pillow.. : )I think if the entertainment staff were more visable and engaging as some of the other resorts I have been to, things may have been a little more fun.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bythehex
<Content>Loved the Palladium - don't listen to the nay sayers  We just returned from a week at the Grand Palladium (July 25th to August 1st),  to say we had a fabulous time is putting it mildly. There were six of us traveling together (me, my husband, son, niece, brother-in-law  sister-in-law), and we all had a wonderful time.We went through Apple Vacations from Philadelphia,  check in at the airport was smooth  quick. We had a late afternoon flight on USA3000 airline,  the flight was effortless (except for the lame movie they showed). However, they鈥檙e one of the few airlines that still serve a meal (albeit a tiny one). When we got off the plane at Punta Cana they herded us into the open air terminal where we paid our $10 per person customs fee  got our customs card (which you must keep  hand in when you leave, or they charge you again),  collected our luggage. Once we had our luggage there were plenty of Apple representatives to guide us to the correct bus. Soon we were on the air-conditioned bus for the 35-minute ride to the Grand Palladium.Unfortunately, since it was dark when we arrived we couldn鈥檛 appreciate the grounds, but the lobby is beautiful. Within moments we were checked in, had our wristbands,  the bellman was leading us to our villa. The villas are 2 stories,  we were on the upper floor. We had junior suites,  they were even lovelier than I anticipated. Gleaming tile  immaculate, the room was larger than I thought it would be. Plus, being upstairs we had soaring cathedral ceilings in both the room  the bathroom (which was larger than many of my rooms at home). The bathroom has a large, round Jacuzzi for two, a separate shower stall with a frosted glass door, a separate toilet with a frosted glass door, a double sink vanity, hair dryer, shaving mirror,  a small basket with soap, shampoo  body gel. There was a washcloth on the first night,  then I never saw one again even though I asked repeatedly. They just didn鈥檛 seem to have them. Not a big deal 鈥?in the future I鈥檒l bring my own. The mini-fridge is restocked every other day 鈥?if you want it restocked sooner, there鈥檚 a $5 fee. We didn鈥檛 need it restocked, as we barely used it at all. It鈥檚 located in the armoire under the TV. There鈥檚 also a coffee maker, which we never used.After quickly unpacking we all went to the buffet because we were hungry. I was impressed by the variety of food available. There鈥檚 an Italian station with various pizzas, they make pasta with different sauces as well. There鈥檚 a station where they grill burgers, steaks, chicken, fish, lamb chops, etc., to your exact liking while you wait. The waiters will bring you all the Presidente beer, or soda, or bottles of water that you want. There鈥檚 a salad area  a dessert area, although I don鈥檛 understand why the soft serve ice cream is in a totally different area than the other desserts. Also, the buffet is air conditioned!! We stayed at the Iberostar two years ago (exact same week),  their buffet isn鈥檛 air conditioned, which made it uncomfortable to eat in the heat  humidity. Believe me, this was much more pleasant. My only complaint was the coffee. Not that Dominican coffee tastes all that bad, it鈥檚 just that the hot milk they put in it is hot evaporated milk, which has a different taste than regular milk. If you want skim or non-dairy creamer, you鈥檇 best bring it from home; otherwise you鈥檙e not going to have it.We didn鈥檛 go to the show that night as we were tired from traveling  wanted to finish unpacking. My husband was in his glories because they had many English speaking stations on the TV including Fox, Fox News, CNN, The Sci Fi Channel, Cinemax, ESPN, etc. There鈥檚 also a way to set the captioning so if you watch the Spanish speaking stations the captions will be in English. We did go to other shows  I give the dancers credit. They did 8 or 9 different dances complete with costume changes while it was about a gazillion degrees with a thousand percent humidity,  they did a different show each night. It wasn't Las Vegas, but I've seen worse.The next morning we woke to sunshine,  were finally able to appreciate the sheer beauty of the grounds; the complex is huge, so if you like walking you鈥檒l love it. There鈥檚 a tram that you can get in front of the lobby or sport bar that takes you around the entire complex. I advise you to do this as soon as possible, as it helps familiarize you with your surroundings. The tram is designed like a little train with a locomotive in front, with the emphasis on 鈥渓ittle鈥? It looks like something left over from a children鈥檚 ride at Disney,  when it鈥檚 crowded you鈥檒l fight for knee space with the person sitting opposite you. It's very brightly colored (I heard to one guest refer to it as the gay tram), so you can't miss it when you see it.The beach is gorgeous 鈥?soft, white sand and warm, green water. There was very, very little seaweed despite what someone else said,  the water was fairly calm until the speedboats came roaring past the ropes. That created some waves. Use sunscreen, as the sun can be brutal. Even with SPF 45 sunscreen we burned after overdoing  not reapplying when we should have. You can do some water sports at no charge,  others are reasonable. The banana boats are $7 per person,  they鈥檒l be as rough or as calm as you request. You can try windsurfing  kayaking or catamarans for free. There鈥檚 a glass bottom boat ride 鈥?we were going to take it but it rained during the night prior to when we were scheduled  the water visibility was bad, so we cancelled. But they only charge $20 per person for an hour  a half, which I thought was cheap. Yes, in case you鈥檙e wondering there were many, many women who went topless at the beach (including some who shouldn鈥檛 even have been seen in bathing suits, let alone half nude in public). If you鈥檙e a prude or this bothers you, this isn鈥檛 the place for you. The pool is also great although I agree with an earlier poster who said that they thought the pool was too warm to be refreshing. The swim up bar is always crowded  I wish people would keep their kids away from there, but I had no problem getting a drink. Since there鈥檚 a big thatched roof over the bar, there鈥檚 plenty of shade in the pool. If you like sun, just move away from the bar area. The Anamacion team does a great job of motivating people for pool aerobics. They play music by the pool,  there are some ladies that do hair braiding for $60 for a whole head  a guy who does henna tattoos for $10 for a small tattoo. There are bathrooms near both the pool  beach area that are clean  well maintained.El Arrecife is the beach restaurant/snack bar  is within walking distance from the pool  the beach. We ate lunch there most days  the food was good  plentiful. They also grilled meats  had fresh paella each day, a salad bar,  various dishes. I highly recommend the Dominican chicken 鈥?yummy!! At night it becomes one of the specialty restaurants; I believe a seafood restaurant. For a seven-night stay you get vouchers for your choice of three specialty restaurants. We ate at El Quixote, a Spanish restaurant, Bamboo, an Asian restaurant, and El Mariachi, a Mexican restaurant. El Quixote was fine 鈥?I had rabbit for the first time (it really DOES taste just like chicken!). I recommend the shrimp with garlic appetizers. At Bamboo I had a sushi appetizer, which I love; my husband had Chicken Satay  he complained that it was a little dry. My main dish was Salmon with a wasabe sauce,  the salmon was so bad I couldn鈥檛 eat it. It tasted way too 鈥渇ishy鈥?  I was sure it would have made me sick had I eaten it. I DO NOT RECOMMEND EL MARIACHI. I had a chicken enchilada appetizer, which was fine, my husband had sizzling chicken fajitas, which he loved,  we had ribs as the main course. I did enjoy the flavor of the food I ate. The salad bar was full of flies  little gnats 鈥?this was the ONLY restaurant where I saw bugs!!! It was NOT appetizing  actually a little nauseating. After dinner I started to get stomach cramps,  it was the only time all week I needed the Immodium. Other guests highly recommended Mare Nostrum, the Italian restaurant. You do need to take the tram to the other area, but I wish we had done that.You must check out of your room at 12:00. We had a 7:45pm flight, so it makes for a long day. You can stay in your room until 3pm for an additional $35 per person, which we didn鈥檛 do. They鈥檒l take your luggage  lock it in a secure building (with security present) until it鈥檚 time for your bus to the airport. They give you a claim check. We spent the afternoon at the sports bar  had a grand time. Before the bus came we went with security  they transported the luggage to the front, where it was loaded directly into the bus. The bus picked us up at 4pm. While we were sorry to leave this paradise, it was time to go home and sleep in our own beds. In all, we definitely plan on coming back to the Grand Palladium. Except for a few small things like the restaurant, everything went smoothly. The staff is wonderful, the accommodations are clean, the grounds are beautiful, there鈥檚 plenty to do,  you can do as much or as little as you want. I will say this 鈥?yes, you aren鈥檛 in America, so don鈥檛 expect things to be at American standards. They cater to a European crowd, and there were many Germans there last week. Say what you will about 鈥渦gly Americans鈥? the rude Europeans surpassed anything I鈥檝e seen in the USA. They had no qualms about pushing past you at the bar or buffet. On more than one occasion I had someone push literally in front of my face to reach over my plate to get something off of the buffet. My son wanted to participate in the air rifle shooting,  there was a know-it-all German man who practically ripped the gun out of his hands to show him the 鈥渃orrect鈥?way to load the pellets. Well excuse me, but that鈥檚 what the staff is there for. I had to literally position myself between him  my son,  when I turned  glared at him I think he finally got the message. This was the only part of the trip that bothered me. If this is how everyone acts in Germany, I have no desire ever to visit there. The good part is that they made all the American guests seem like the most well mannered individuals there!Anyway, if you鈥檙e planning to go to the Grand Palladium I would highly recommend it all around. Please feel free to email me at bythehex@aol.com if you have any questions.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fiesta versus iberostar just returned from the grand palladium bavaro. The food was good and the rooms were good. However, the service was a real disappointment. The staff never made you feel like you were on vacation. The staff was uninformed giving wrong information and ignoring any problems. Activities seemed non-existent as staff were never to be found. It took days to just figure out the layout as noone tried to inform you about the grounds. Having stayed at iberostar on more than one occassion, there is no comparison. Stay at Iberostar!!! Fiesta Grand palladium Bavaro was a big disappointment.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>olliecat
<Content>Stay away if you're American We went here the last week of July and it was nothing like we thought it would be. We ended up with the wrong room because they gave our room to someone else. They wouldn't change our room and they told us to take it up with our Apple representative, who politely told us, At least you have a room!!!! When this other couple checked out three days ahead of us, because we had their room, after three o'clock, our key cards wouldn't work. When we asked them at the front desk to re-activate the keys, you sware we committed some kind of crime. Most of the people there are very ignorant, particularly at the front desk, and the beach buffet restaurant. The service there is terrible. The food at the buffets are the same every day, and good luck trying to get a reservation at the restaurants. It seems that at this resort, they cater to the Europeans, who are just as rude as they are. If you have children, this is not the place to take them, on account of the topless Europeans who are on the beach AND at the pools. The best place to go is the sports bar. It's the only place where the bar tender is great and treats everyone the same. The beach isn't great and the water is loaded with seaweed. This was the worst vacation that I was ever on, and was counting the days until I could go home. We also heard the same from people who stayed at other resorts. We all said that we would NEVER go back. If you are considering going to Punta Cana, I would urge you to reconsider.There are plenty of beautiful places to go to, and you will spare yourself the agony that we went through.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Honeymoon! We just returned from a six night stay at the Palladium Bavaro and we had a wonderful time. The hotel and staff were very nice and helpful. We booked our vacation through Apple Vacations and were impressed. They had a staff member waiting for us at the airport and we were able to get right to our hotel no problem. They had a very helpful information session with all the Apple Vacationers and we had a chance to book our excursions through them (more later on those). ROOMS: The room was beautiful. We stayed in room with a king bed, which was comfortable. The bathroom was huge and the maid did an excellent job cleaning and stocking our room with towels, etc. SERVICE: They really do and want to do a good job. No complaints in this department.CLEANLINESS: Everything was clean and they really work hard on maintaining the grounds of the hotel. DINING: This is where one of my only complaints comes in. We knew ahead of time that the food was not going to be great and it wasn't. There was a great variety of food on the buffets but the quality was not there for the most part. The Dinner buffet was by far the best. The Sports Bar had good pizza and that is what I ate most of the week. The A La Cartes were okay- we tried the Asian, Mexican and Italian. The Asian and the Italian I would recommend but not the Mexican. I did meet a lot of people that loved the food here but it was just okay in my opinion.ACTIVITIES: They had a variety of activites during the day for adults and kids to participate in such as aerobics, volleyball, soccer and water polo. The activity staff is fun and upbeat and they have a great turnout.If you book through a tour company they have optional tours you can take. We booked the Outback Safari, which takes you through the Dominican Republic to see how people live. This was great tour and we had a guide that really taught us a lot. At the end you get to swim at a beautiful beach and you get drinks included! We also did the Contiki Party Boat, where you snorkel and party on the boat. This was a great time and the staff was entertaining. I would recommend both of these tours.POOL AND BEACH: Both were great (especially the swim up bar). The beach was beautiful and we never had a problem finding a place to sit. The only thing that would have made this even better would be an adult pool and having it stay open later then 7. I love kids but at this pool they liked to sit at the swim up bar and splash everyone. It really wasn't that big of a deal. BARS: There were bars all over this resort. You will not have a problem getting a drink anywhere. There were only a few that stayed open past 7 like the pool and beach bars. We really loved the piano bar by the Bavaro Pool, which is open until 12. The Sports Bar is okay but it's not like the Sports Bar you would expect in America. It's just food, one pool table and a few TV's, but there is a bar so it was still a good time!I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone, especially families. I would also say this is a good place for couples. If you are looking for a spring break type atmosphere, this isn't the place. Plan to meet people from all over. I found there were more people from Spain then anywhere else. I hope this helps.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>celticross
<Content>paradise with bad food We stayed at the palladium bavaro from 7/16 to 7/23... Thge rooms were amazingly big and I have to say we were very surprised with the cleanlinessThe staff there were very helpful and great people. We loved the beach and pools the topless women werer a surprise but a good one. The sand was like walking on powder and the beach was very clean. I have heard of alot of ppl saying you need to reserve a chair early in the morning well we did not come across that not once the whole time we were there.The food was not to our liking at all but it was full in variety.You will find something you can eat then stick with it all week!Excursions we went on the Aquatic tour where you rent the speed boat and get to drive it up the coast it was the funnest thing we did all week. we docked and went snorkeling and then drove the speed boats back to shore it was a ten minute drive from the resort and you drive the boats for 30 mins snorkle for 2 hrs then drive the speed boats back 30 mins. I highly recommend this to people who want to take an excursion that wont take up their whole day it cost 124.00 us for two people. worth every penny. any questions please just ask Nj2kaff@yahoo.com  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kare_bear_1973
<Content>Love this property--one of the best on Bavaro Beach I just want to start this off by saying that when you are visiting another country- that is not America- you have to be open minded. I visited the Palladium in May of 2003. This was my 2nd time visiting the Dominican Republic and let me say I liked this property alot. The staff was very friendly, shopping down the beach walking distance, did I mention the friendly staff! My husband and I had a Junior Suite (one of the older ones as I visited in 2003). By the end of the week, the animation staff was on first name basis with my husband. I am now a travel agent and have visited this property since my stay there and all I can say is WOW!!!!!. Now I know that this may not be the place to say this but I am just going to put it out there since everyone else has no problem saying what they want, This country is by no means America. If you want an American vacation then stay in America. It saddens me everytime I read these comments and people make comments like un-American, language barriers, and so on. You are a visiter in their country so would it kill you to learn a little bit about the place you are willing to pay thousands of dollars to visit. In my opinion I would rather visit this country then visit some of the states in America and I am an American!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cajon4
<Content>An Adventure for sure We just returned from our trip on Wednesday, and I choose to call it an adventure before saying the word vacation. The trip began in Baltimore with no problems or delays. Customs is tough but thorough, I didn't know I would have to surrender my lighter.The charter flight of USA 3000 was smooth with typical plane food and the flight attendants did their job well. The plane wasn't completely full, possibly due to the threat of Hurricane Emily. We almost cancelled, but the storm turned to stay south for it's projected path. We arrived at the Punta Cana airport on time, had no delays, customs was very easy, and our Apple Rep. was visibly waiting for the plane. We took an air conditioned bus/van to the hotel, stopping at 3 other resorts along the way. Our trip was about 50 minutes to our resort. The Grand Palladium Bavaro is a beautiful place, very large, but with a map, easy to get around. Plan on doing alot of walking during your stay. We had problems with our 2 rooms not being close together so the desk attendant was kind enough to change them to be together. Our new room had a problem with the air conditioning, and our teenage boy's room had a problem with the lock on the door. I went to the Apple Rep. the next morning and we were promptly moved to another location, and given a family suite consisting of a Jr. Suite and a regular room next to each other, with a common outer door. We were able to keep our inner doors open between the rooms if we chose to. I felt the best location for a room would be between the pool and the lobby, or the beach and the pool. Anywhere you end up has a plus, and there is a train that runs the outside of the property to help get you around.The service from every worker at this resort was great for our whole family. Everyone did their job to the best of their ability, and it showed. We did tip for above and beyond service and our maid received a tip for each room every day. We ate at the main buffet for breakfasts if we were up by the 10am closing, and in the sports bar if not. Breakfast has alot to choose from, just make wise choices in your selections. The food is different than what you may be used to, but it is possible to create a meal you may eat at home. Be sure all your meats are cooked thoroughly. They cook with a great amount of oil here, but will cut back if you ask. We went with another family of 4 also, and out of our group of 8, 2 kids were down sick for a full day, and 2 adults down for most of a day. Each of these cases of food problems were varied with one common denominator. They were all throwing up. There were 2 of us who had typical problems by the end of the trip, but the pepto seemed to do the trick. Lunch at the buffet was the best meal for us, there were more selections that were simple. Steak and chicken served everyday, and again, be sure it is cooked thoroughly. Pink chicken seemed to be a problem for one of our friends. The food at the sports bar, is just OK. Not too many choices, but the pizza is good and the popcorn is plentiful. The hamburger and hot dog are not like at home at all. The soft serve ice cream is great!Dinner at the buffet is more of a challange, again lots of choices, most of them marked with a description, just be careful with the doneness. The pasta bar in the back of the restaurant was visited alot by our families. Lots of breads, cheese, processed meats fruits and vegetables are also available. The a la carte restaurants we went to were Asian, Tex Mex, and Italian. The Asian food was good, just not flashy. We think a problem with a hamburger being pink at the Tex Mex got to my son. The shrimp a la diabla was not good, the shrimp was mushy. None of us ate that. The Italian restaurant was very good, everybody ate well there. The beach is great, lots of room, shade, and sun, no problem with getting chairs and no towels were ever missing. Lots of activities at the hotel, vendors shops are close on the beach and the vendors will bargain with you. You should never have to pay even half of their prices. Getting hair braided varies in price with the vendors, but at the hotel, they didn't seem to waiver. We took two different excursions, the Outback Safari Adventure, and Snorkling trip that Apple recommends. Both were worth the price, and worthy of doing. On the outback trip, we learned alot about the country and had a full eventful day thanks to the tour guide and driver. They absolutely made the trip unforgetable. Snorkling was a half day trip that was great both in the water and on the boat for the adults and the teenagers. The weather was very hot and humid, we got used to the temps after a day, and it was just a part of the trip. The shows at night at the hotel, not great, but it was entertainment. The theatre is very hot though. A ceiling fan or two or ten would help. The teenagers liked the disco in small doses, the music was very loud and it was very hot. They all just seemed to meet there and go over to the sports bar for a while to play pool, foosball, or get on the internet. Hurricane Emily's path was below Punta Cana and we didn't have any bad days of weather. One day was overcast, about an hour of rain, and I think it rained every other day for about 30 minutes and then it was done. It was a good trip, I'm glad we went with friends. Am I ready to go back? No, I think I would be more comfortable there in about 5 or 10 years. They are an up and coming nation depending on tourism, and it's a little too un-American for me. The food was below average to average, and after 7 days it's hard. Not much tastes like anything we eat at home. When you see people around you getting sick, it makes you leary of your own choices. Three of the adults are casual drinkers, and it is possible to drink what your body may work the best with. If your system becomes sensitive, drink what you need to be drinking. Bananas, coconut, and alcohol will affect your body, use it wisely and you'll have a great time.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Beautiful My husband and I stayed at the resort from July 8th thru July 13th. I really do not know what the complaints could possibly be. The staff is EXTREMELY helpful. They definitely go out of their way to work hard for you. We had a Romance Suite which I would suggest...it is awesome!! and very beautiful. The location (closest to the beach) is worth the extra couple of bucks. The resort is HUGE!!! Please use the little map they give you when you check-in...it will be very helpful.I did not have many complaints about the food. There is such a large selection of things to eat, everyone should be satisfied. The food has wonderful flavor.Make sure you buy your souvenirs from the market place. You must go out on the beach, then walk to the right. You will not be able to miss it. They can be a bit annoying with the haggling and begging for you to shop their stores. But is is better than the overpriced gift shop. And remember, never pay the first price that they offer, EVERYTHING is negotiable!!!They resort was wonderful...and anyone that complained about it definitely did not stay at the Palladium Bavaro Grand, because it is great!! And one more thing...get a massage in the spa/salon...I am still relaxed!!!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jgo923
<Content>Lovely Resort       bathroom  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the experience my vacation to this resort was the best i've ever had. Everything was wonderful. I had the time of my life. I loved the staff, especially the animation, bartending, and foodservice staff. The maid made our room look so pretty everyday. Even when there was a big mess everywhere, she took the time to organize everything, move shoes around and make it look like a girls room. The bartenders were so friendly, and always had a smile. The foodservice personnel performed at their greatest. Whenever we found a table that was not occupied but with no settings, as soon as we turned around, everything was there. I have to say though, the entertainment staff really made the whole experience wonderful. Wether they were trying to get people to play volleyball, water polo, or water aerobics, they did it with a smile. At night, they would light up the whole dance floor and just make everyone have a wonderful time. If they saw someone standing around not wanting to dance, they would come up and dance with them... which to me was lovely. Alot of people don't know what they're missing until they actually try it.I would definately go back to the same resort for vacation.. the downside? i wish i could live there. I seriously didn't want to leave.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise in the DR       Parasailing  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great time...watch the seafood My boyfriend and I stayed at the Palladium Bavaro from June 27th until July 1st. We flew out of Pittsburgh, PA on Apple Vacations. Let me first say, you need a VALID passport or ID and Copy of Birth certificate. We had two people that were NOT allowed on the plane because of it, and another who had an expired passport that somehow obtained their birth certificate before take off. You are not allowed into and out of another country without it.The airport is HOT! Have fun if you have to go to the bathroom. I would advise using the bathroom on the plane if you can. It is not pretty once you arrive. There were two stalls in the woman's room and they do not have toliet seats! The line is long and you will be dripping sweat.We lucked out and had a nice bus to the resort, which was air conditioned. The ride was about twenty minutes. I'm not exactly sure, I was too excited to arrive at the resort I didn't really pay attention.We got to the resort around noon and our check in was smooth. I think all in all we were pretty lucky with the staff's english. We truly had no problems, and I took four years of Spanish in highschool ten years ago. I would brush up on the basics though. They will help you, but some like to work on their English, so it works both ways.Our Bellboy was great, he brought us to our Junior Suite, Villa 12. Right between the beach and pool. The room was nice and cool. We have no complaints on the room. It was gorgeous. Bathroom was large, so was the bed. Easy to use safe and the mini bar was stocked nicely. We tipped our maids every morning a small tip and a gift from the states (I stopped at the Dollar Store before I left-they like it). Everything was perfect.The food was good, as good to be expected at a buffet. The sports bar was probably the worst. We went there the first day before dinner and yuck is all I can say. We ate mostly at the buffet near the lobby. The breakfast is really good. If you from the states, you just have to use your head and read the signs above the food and figure out if you think it's something you will like. I did not get sick from the fresh fruit and the coffee is wonderful and I do not even really drink coffee. Bottled water is plentiful. We drink diet drinks at home, but the regular pepsi tasted much better than the diet pepsi there.We ate the Tex-Mex and Italian a la cartes. The Tex Mex was good, the service was so-so. They forget my appetizer, but I really didnt need it. I had the burger. (also, the burgers at the beach buffet are really good!)Now, here is the part when I got sick, I had the Salmon at the Italian restaurant and I am pretty sure that is what did it. Luckily it was the night before I left, but the flight home was not fun. I was so proud of myself the rest of the trip.My boyfriend and I still have a funny feeling in our stomachs everytime we eat. I chalk it up to our stomach becoming used to US food again. All in all. We had a great time. Great weather, great people. Order the Chango Loco, it's GOOD! The beer is great too. We liked the Lobby Bar at the Palace, very nice bartenders. There is always something to do!One thing, the Casino, if you like to gamble, do not go in there you will be very disappointed. 15 slot machines, my boyfriend says they were taken from the broken back rooms of Vegas. I did win, but I think it may have been a fluke. The blackjack will drive you crazy. I've never seen a dealer get 21 that many times. They DO NOT speak English, they are not an actual part of the resort, so they don't have to.I did a lot of research on the resorts and the country before we left. A lot of people are just plain picky. It's all in your attitude. Make the most of everything and realize how lucky you are. You are in their country as a guest, you are living it up in a resort, and many of these people live in poverty. We noticed that a lot of people did not tip, and we know it is included in the all inclusive, but would it really hurt to tip a dollar or two? They really do appreciate it. If you want to know anything else, please email me at pixie1124@yahoo.com. Adios!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Laid Back Relaxing Resort We spent a week with our three children ages,19,18, and 12 and got two Jr. suites. Arrival was smooth,the reception informed us that we had beautiful rooms close to the beach. This worked for me, the pool was right around the bend and I felt we couldn't have been placed in a better location. Near the action but no noise. The beach and pool are gorgeous, staff friendly, helpful, always activities going on at the beach/pool which were fun. I took water aerobics, dance lessons, water volleyball, art (came home with a picture of palm trees and sunsets. Its amature but nice.  Excursions were fun and we were safe and well tended. We went to the Marinarium, natural water park to snorkle, swim with sharks and rays, dancing and drinking on the boat and in the water. Lots of fun!! Even in the Rain. Our other trip wasn't so lucky, we booked a fishing trip with the locals. We went trolling and caught one small baracuda in 4 hours. 4 out of 6 got sea sick, its mind over matter I say. Not our luck with the fish, no matter how much calling I did- here fishy-fishy. We used the ocean Kyaks a great deal, a nice workout. The ocean was very calm and oh so warm. We shopped on our own at the market for local goods and were pleased at the deals we got. Bargain..... Now to the problems:  Food/ plentiful, well presented but its so hot that you don't really know if you can trust it. I thought I was careful but I got sick and still can't figure it out. I didn't over drink the coco Loco's, or pina colodas, didn't over do the sun and kept well hydrated so go figure. I do recommend getting your doctor to prescribe and antibiotic for you before you go and see if that makes a difference. My friends who say that they have gone to Mexico where the same problem exists do fine with amoxicillin. They really need some non-stick surfaces to cook on and not use so much oil on the grills. I saw them ladle a Tbs. each time they poured on a batch of pancakes. All of the fish I had was oily and why? That ruined it for me. We ate at the seafood, oriental, and Mexican restraunts. All require reservations, long pants, collars for men. Ladies can wear whatever/ no kidding, not pool attire but the men don't appreciate it. Its hot, not aircond. in the seafood El Arrifice, my son wore shorts. They wouldn't back down on their dress code, he wouldn't either so he walked back to the room and borrowed his sisters gypsie skirt. Best laugh of the whole trip. priceless.....Weighters, waitresses were cracking up too. He was cool....We loved the oriental for atmosphere, salad bar rocked, service was superb. Ordered way to much food and after salad we could have done fine with just appitisers. Mexician host was a bit rude as we arrived with 4 instead of 5 when our son was sick/ they got over it but you should have seen the look. the place was not crowded at all, go figure.  All in all I would say if you're going get the antibiotic. Its not fun when you don't feel well. We're not big drinkers but if you are you'll like it. Some bartenders are not mixing up to par. Tip a little, it goes a long way.Almost forgot, My daughter thinks her skirt was taken from the room it was never fornd. the air in their room was reading25/ equivalent to 80. We nicely complained for two days before they got it fixed. they tore up the room, ceiling to get it right, and it leaked the rest of the time but thats the price you pay for paradise. On our last day we were told we would be given a room near the lobby to shower /change as our plane left late and we didn't want to waste the day. I went home with pool hair, the room was far from the lobby, and it was a storage room with not a working bath/ water all over the floor. Have fun if you go  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly Staff I stayed at the resort with 2 of my friends from June 20th to June 24th 2005. We are from Pennsylvania and Maryland in the US and didn't speak alot of Spanish. The staff was a very freindly bunch of people. We did have some issues communicating with some of them (Brush up on your Spanish), but everyone was so nice and treated us great. I felt like a Queen!The maid service was excellent, we were always stocked up with extra towels and water, we only had to ask for towels once while we were there. We stayed in a Junior suite which was nice, the only suggestion is that if 3 adults are traveling, try to get a 4th to come, because one of my friends slept on the pull-out sofa and it wasn't at all as confortable as the beds we slept in. I guess that it would be okay for a child, but not an adult. The food was okay, we ate at Le Bamboo, and Accifice which was just alright. The Cathedral is where we ate mostly for breakfast and lunch. The food there was much better. I ate a few things that tasted strange. I have been back for 3 days and I still have Diarrhia.The Pool area and the swim up bar is really nice as is the beach, very beautiful. It rained a few days, but we still were able to enjoy the resort.There was a Sports Bar that we went to a few nights to watch the Basketball play-offs, the Pizza and Fries were really good in the Sports bar!There were nightly shows and a band that played everynight in the lobby area. The landscaping around the resort was simply Magnificent. If I ever visit Punta Cana again, I will be sure to stay at the Grand Palladium Report and Spa.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SRP74
<Content>All in all, had a great time We stayed at the Grand Palladium Bavaro resort and Spa June 4- June 11, 2005. Me and my husband were married there on June 7, 2005- it was wonderful. The resort is so beautiful, it was well kept and has the best beach of any of the resorts we walked to.First off, the rooms were beautiful. We had a Romance Suite and it was one of the nicest rooms I have been in with just a few problems. The room had a bit of a musty smell. The air in our room worked great- nice and cool. The biggest problem was that our sliding glass door that led to the outdoor shower/hammock was broke. As I was trying to open it, my finger got caught in the handle and ripped my entire fingernail right off. I had to go see the resort Dr. They charged me $315 to cut it from the skin it was hanging from, put me on antibiotics and pain killers and told me not to drink alcohol or get in the water!! So after about 5 calls to the front desk our door was fixed. The jacuzzi tub was nice, the maid always had fresh flowers put around it. Only on one occasion did we have to call for wash cloths. The maids were very friendly and we gave them a few dollars every day.The beach and grounds were gorgeaus. Much nicer than any beach I have ever been to before. The sand was so soft and the water was a beautiful turqoise. We went on the trip to Saona Island and it was very nice too. I would definetely recommend this trip as long as you are up for a good time. We had a blast on the catamaran trip back. All of the girls who were working on the boat would pull people up on the deck to dance, everyone was just having too much fun!The food was not that great. It was edible and better than I thought it would be. Everyone could usually find something they liked. Don't waste a ala carte ticket on the El Arecife- it was not good. I know that I have had stomach problems since my return as well as several other people who went with us. My husband was sick at least 4 of the days we were down there with stomach problems. Take plenty of Immodium.I thought the staff, in general was very friendly. Most of them always said Ola when they passed you and tried to be helpful. There is a huge language barrier though. I will learn better Spanish next time I go. I found the other Tourists from other countries to be much ruder than the staff. I truly believe Americans are much friendlier.I would go back to Punta Cana, probably to a different resort next time just to try something different. One other thing, our water and electricity kept going off. There were a couple of days when the water was out for half of the day (including my wedding day). I talked to other people at other resorts and they had not experienced this problem.If you really want to make some of the locals happy, take down baseball hats. We picked up a bunch of St. Louis Cardinal hats really cheap to take down to trade but ended up giving them all away. I was chased down the beach for one, the young man offered to pay me money for it but we decided to give it to him for free. He was so excited and grateful. Each time we wore a new cap, it was gone within a few minutes. They go nuts over the sport hats since they say they cannot get them down there. We wish we would have taken more, it was really nice to see the expression on their faces when we gave the hats to them. This was happening to everyone who had sport hats on- so if you want to keep it, better not wear it because they will beg you for it!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not all that good We stayed at the palladium bavaro between the 11th to the 18th of june 2005. We chose this resort as we had seen the one in Mexico and it was spot less. We chose to stay in a junoir suite which i must say was fabulous the room was clean and the bathroom was stunning loved the tub.We found the food to be terrible both myself and my wife did not like the food and my wife is still suffering from an upset stomach. The food was very bland and on several occasions i found insects crawling on the food.The hotel staff was not very helpful at all and generally rude, on many occasions when you said good morning they would just look away. The cola at the resort tasted terrible the even though it said pepsi on the bottles it did not taste like pepsi at all some of the bottles in the mini bar in the room had there expiry dates as may 2002.The hotel had a train which travels round the resort, as it is a very large it is advisable to take it in order to check every thing out.Whilst there we went on four tours jeep safari which was good fun and an eye opening expirience such poverty, we had children running alone side the vehicles asking for sweets so make sure to take plenty of sweets with you. You have to be carefull as the driving by locals there is not very good most of them dont seem to have driving licences, Saona island which was stunning and i would recomend every one to go there the beaches there are very nice and its good fun too as you get there fast boats, Samana which is a short plane trip to the west of punta cana it was good but at the price we paid 199 dollars each you have to ask yourself wether it was worth it or not, and we went to marinarium and swam with the sharks which was a great expirience.We have stayed before in Riviera Maya and i must say that the resorts in Riviera Maya are much much better than the ones in Punta Cana, i dont think that ill be returning to the Dominican Republic very quickly.Over all the trip was not that bad we enjoyed ourselves and had a very good time, so for those of you who are not sure wether to go to mexico OR the Dominican Repubic choose Mexico.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>2	3	5	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>poderosa
<Content>Loved it so much, I'm getting married there! Where shall we begin? I was there for an entire week, 7 nights. The resort is beautiful and the beach is amazing. I am not a picky eater and I loved all of the food. The only thing I didn't like was that there were flies around the food, but I'm fine anyway. My boyfriend who has never been to the caribbean loved the food as well and we always found delicious things to eat.The waiters were extremely friendly everywhere we went. But then again, I always smiled and said hello, please and Thank you to each one of them. Olga cleaned our room and she's great! very nice and I felt comfortable leaving things in the room, but I did lock up other things just in case (to be safe, afterall, I am from NY)We walked the entire beach (toward the left) for an hour! it's amazing, and I'm glad to say that the Beach at The Palladium is one of the best ...lots of space. Our airconditioner was not working 100% at one point so we called the front desk and they said they could move us to another room, but we didn't feel like packing all over again. So instead, they sent 2 guys to fix it. This was done within 4-5 hours. While I was down there, my boyfriend proposed! So, being engaged we proceeded to plan our entire wedding. We decided this would be the perfect place to unite all of our family and friends. What could be better? A vacation and a wedding all in one!There were many people there from other parts of the world, I found some groups to be particularly rude (Spaniards), they would push everyone's lounge chairs together to make room for a chair for themselves. Leaving you under tables, or wherever they decided to push you. (and they say New Yorker's are rude?) I wish people would try to mind their manners and be a bit courteous. (ie: not leaving cigarette butts everywhere, saying excuse me, pardon me, whatever)The club had a nice atmosphere, the music was a bit dated (I plan on bringing CD's next year and leaving them)I didn't like the Seafood restaurant at night: El Arecife but I did love the Spanish restaurant and the Italian restaurant.Feel free to contact me if you have any questions.Claudia  
<Date>Jun 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sebring1856
<Content>The Palladium in Riviera Maya was 10 times better I went to the Palladium Bavaro with my husband, and two other couples. Our ages range from mid 20's to early 40's.We went to the Palladium in the Riviera Maya for our honeymoon last year, and we absolutely loved it. That is why we booked the Palladium in Punta Cana.I am not trying to say that the trip was horrible. It wasn't. But it wasn't as nice as the one in Riviera Maya.The food. I thought the food was horrible. My husband loved it. I guess its all about what you like to eat. If you like rabbit, and veal, and duck, you will be fine. If you are more picky of what you eat, you might have a problem.For breakfast, I would always eat 2 pieces of french toast (always, always very very dry), and two potato cakes. My husband would eat an omellete. For lunch, we would go to one of the buffets, usually by the Palace Pool. There, I would eat french fries and pasta. everything else didn't really look too safe to eat. The meat kind of scared me there. The eggs didn't look normal.We went on two excursions. We went on the Outback Safari. This was a nice trip, but way too long. We were on a truck for 8 hours straight. And it was hot. This should have been a 3 hour trip. This thing cost about 80 bucks a person, and they bring you to this little ranch for food. When you loook at the food, it was a meat/rice mixture...with flies everywhere. It was disgusting. Again, I did not eat it. We also went on this James Bond adventure in which we rented speedboats and went cruising on the water. These boats look like they will fall apart any minute. The event wasnt organized at all. You pay I think 40 bucks a person for 3 hours, but really you are on teh water for 40 minutes, the rest of the time, you are waiting for more buses to get to the marina, so everyone can go out at once.The rooms were nice, but not very spacious. We had a junior suite, and wasn't really as nice as the one in Mexico.The one thing I liked about this resort is that the pool and the ocean were absolutely beautiful.We left little gifts for our maids in the hotel, but we never saw any effects of it. The first day we went, we had flowers in our bathroom and on our towels, after that, the maids wouldn't give us enough towels, etc.If you go there, get a spa treatment, it was nice. My husband and I got an hour and a half spa treatment for about 70 bucks a person. It was nice, but definately very different. They massage you there with tehir feet, and rub you down with a pound of oil, I swear. They also put a lot of oil in your hair when they massage your scalp, so for the women out there, if you are planning on going to dinner right after the spa treatment, think again. You definately need a shower after this one.The guys at the REception desk were very rude, and never really accommodating. The fridges in teh rooms were supposed to be refilled every other day. We were there for 7 days, and our fridge was only refilled once. About the malaria scare. We did not take any medication, and we were all fine. I spoke with our Apple Vacations lady at the resort and asked her about the whole malaria scare. She said it was nothing, and that you didnt need to take any medication. Our rep was from England, and just had a baby 8 months ago in Punta Cana. She told us that there was nothing to worry about, she didnt even get the meds for her baby.We had a nice time at this hotel because we had our friends with us. Would we go again? No.Also, we got back on Sunday, June 5. It is now almost a week later, and we are all still sick from the food. We all have stomach pains, and diahhrea. All of us. Not just one. We couldn't figure it out if it were the vegetables (being washed in non-purified water), or if it was the milk in the banana mama's. Either way, we are all still sick.I will answer any questions if you have them.Thanks,Sebring 1856  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Relaxing It was very quiet, and relaxing, if that鈥檚 what you want. The food was good; the service at the restaurants was not very friendly. They never smiled, but they were always busy. The bellboys and the entertainers were very helpful and would strike up conversation with anyone. If you want a quite and relaxing vacation I would suggest going there. We had no problems with the maids taking anything but I would advise everyone to lock up there suit case no matter where you go.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>summatyme
<Content>Palladium Grand was wonderful!!! My husband and I stayed at the Palladium Grand from May 25- June 1st. We got married on the beach on the 27th. I have to say, the staff there was excellent. I was trying to get into contact with Kenny Santana the Guest services manager from about 4-5 months prior to our departure. He was hard to get to repond to my emails- he did respond to the important ones, as far as confirmation of the date/judge/ location, etc. As far as the other info flowers/cake, etc, we dealt with that when we got there. But that is totallly normal for the laid back for island life. When we got to the resort, we had No problems with our wedding or any other services. Me and one of my bridesmaid got our hair done and my other one got a pedicure. She was a little aprehensive because she had swollen burnt feet that day, but the pedicure lady did a wonderful job! My hair being very thick takes about 1 - 1 1/2 hours to get to curl and style, the lady there did a great job in about 20 minutes. All the staff at the spa/gym was wonderful. All the wait staff and the bartenders couldn't be nicer. Most spoke a little bit of English. But that is to be expected. Brush up on some Spanish and you'll be able to get by no problem. As for the earlier comments about maid service, we had no problems. We also had 15 other people with us and no one had Any problems with anything missing from their rooms. We actually accidentally left $30 on the hair dryer to let dry and it was still there 2 days later. And the maids did a very good job cleaning the rooms. NOw to the restaurants, all I can comment on are the dinner/breakfast buffet named 'The Catedral and the lunch /a la carte restaurant 'El Arricife'. The buffet is better than you would expect. A Lot of things to choose from. Something for everybody, I think. Even the pickiest of people. I pretty much only eat American food and am the pickiest ever, and even I found food i loved and kept eating. The dinner restaurant where you actually chose from a menu i didn't mind either. I ordered steak one night and chicken the next and they were actually good. The beach is beautiful and clean as is the pool. If you want shaded chairs either by the beach or pool, you have to get your towels down early, but any other seats are easy to come by...but that will depend on how many people are staying at the resort at that time too. We would definately go back, no doubt about it. If you have any questions please feel free to email me...Sannr96@aol.com  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Delightful Stay My husband (29yo), my sister (27yo), my bro-in-law (33yo), and I (29yo) stayed at the Grand Pallidium from May 19th through the 24th, and I can say all of us agreed that it was a very wonderful experience.First off, we stayed in Santo Domingo for a couple of days, and then through our hotel there, Barcelo Lina, arranged a taxi for all of us at about $25 per person. They drive to Punta Cana was breathtaking. I know others have commented about the abject poverty seen through the way, but I don't think it disturbed any of us. This is a third world country, and despite everyone not living in the lap of luxury, I found the Dominicans to be exceptionally warm, happy, and giving people.Once we got to the Pallidium/Fiesta complex, at the security shack, the officer there needed to confirm that we were guests. We provided our Apple voucher, indicating that we were staying at the Grand Pallidium in a romance suite, but the officer was very confused by it stating romance suite and for about 10minutes was reluctant to let us in. Fortunately, my sister, who is fluent in Spanish as well as our taxi driver, were able to explain to the officer that romance suite indicated the type of room we were staying in, and ultimately let us in.We were dropped off at the lobby, and I think all of us were astounded by its impressive beauty. Check in was a breeze. We were driven to our rooms in a golf-cart like vehicle as the resort is MASSIVE.My husband and I stayed in a romance suite, which we do not regret at all. These rooms are closest to the beach (much appreciated as this resort is VAST). It had a jacuzzi for two, which we used nearly every night, and an outdoor room with an enclosed shower and hammock. I loving using the outdoor shower, and the hammock was very nice for romantic afternoon siestas for two. How can I forget the very romantic four poster canopy bed! The bathroom was all marble and ENORMOUS! The only problem was that there was a leak with an unidentified source. We called maintenance several times, and although speedy in getting to our room, were unable to correct this. Also, our electronic key cards sometimes didn't work. My sis and bro-in-law had a standard room, which was much smaller than ours, but comfortable; they did have a jacuzzi bath tub for one; if I remember correctly they had a little difficulty with leaks and key cards as well.The food was rather reasonable. Majority of our meals were at the buffets. We had dinner at La Cathedral, and lunch at Aricefe. There was a huge selection, including made to order grill and pastas, and we always found something we liked. We all loved the pizza and pasta. I noticed that foods generally were either too salty or too bland. We highly recommend the delicious crepes made to order at La Cathedral for dinner. Although we had went to the ala carte oriental themed restaurant Bambu, none of us was impressed with the food, and we all went to La Cathedral afterwards to fill up. We all LOVED Abraham who served us daily at La Cathedral, as he was so warm and friendly and would give me and my hubby little Spanish lessions. Even though we had another voucher for an ala carte, none of us went to any others (from what I remember, mexican at El Mariachi, seafood at Mare Nostrum, and italian-name I can't remember) because of our disappointing experience at Bambu. All of us had a touch of traveler's diarrhea, quickly resolved with immodium and pepto bismol. I don't want to blame the food, as it could have been from our poor hygiene, ie I would forget to wash my hands prior to eating after going into the beach, I would forget to use bottled water to brush my teeth.The beach was gorgeous! The water was clear, and the sand was sugary. However, I did notice towards the end of our stay, more and more seaweed was piling up. We really enjoyed the free kayaking. We stumbled on a lovely shopping area going in the right ward direction about half a mile from our portion of the beach. We brought some great art work and baubles for very reasonable costs. Definitely do not hesitate to bargain...starting out at 50 percent of what is being asked. My husband and I were able to do this without any knowledge of Spanish...everybody knows just the right amount of English. My sis and bro-in-law did take a quick walk out of the resort to Plaza Bavaro, and they said they got really good deals.The spa services were so-so. I was annoyed by Leonardo who was sometimes a bit pushy and not so forthcoming. We got 5 spa services with an additional free bonus service. I had a deep clean facial done, which I really enjoyed. We both had Sweedish massages, which were good, but not the best we have had compared to other resorts. We also got the moonlight couple's massage, about which we were disappointed because they started 30 minutes late, we had to walk a distance to the sister resort, as the masseueses at our resort were running late, and then got jipped by about 10 minutes, not to mention that the romantic atomosphere was compromised by my and my husband's masseueses talking to each other while they were massaging us. As the free bonus, I got the Renova Special Combo, which I thought was just ok as I am not too big on Shiatsu and deep tissue massage.The night life was fun. We saw a couple of shows and enjoyed the Dominica one the most. My sis and bro-in-law stayed an extra night and really enjoyed the Flamenco show. The theatre is stunning! Also, you get served beverages while you are there. We pretty much everynight went to the disco, Sunset Boulevard, which was nice, but it seemed every night, the same music was being played. We did go to Mangu one night, and had a blast! For after partying munchies, we would go to the Sports Bar in the wee am hours.My husband enjoyed the wide variety of sports available, including but not limited to tennis, mini golf, badminton, basketball.The other guests, 75% European, 25% North American when we were there, where very friendly. I must say my husband and I were very impressed with how beautiful everybody looked at all times, especially at night for dinner and beyond. We really felt like we were somewhere. We did not use the casino as none of us gamble, and are unable to comment about it.We did take the train that drove through the two other resorts (Royal Suites and Palace) just to see what else was available, and hands down we all thought where we stayed was the best and most beautiful.The weather was rainy, and we didn't realize until after booking our trip that May is typically the rainy season. Although it rained nearly everyday, it would only last a couple of hours at a time, and would never keep us for enjoying ourselves to the fullest. There are always activities going on, thanks to the Anamacion team, and they do have a rainy day schedule in case, but my hubby and I spent time enjoying our luxurious room when the weather was inclement.Check out was very simple, and although we were running a little bit late, the hotel staff were not sticklers. We took the Apple tour bus to the Punta Cana airport. Once we got to the airport, my husband realized he forgot his sports jackets in the closet. The apple rep at the airport tried to help us to get them back, but unfortunately couldn't get them to us by the time we had to board. Fortunately, the rep saved the jackets for my sis and bro-in-law who left the next day.All in all, we had a great time, and would go back to the Pallidium in a heartbeat despite the little inconveniences we had here and there.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great resort bad lobster This resort is fabulous.It is very clean and the grounds are amazing. The staff were very enjoyable considering it rained the whole time we were there May12-19th 2005. The hotel itself is beautiful very nice lobby.Loved our junior suit.Disco wasn't that great not many people and music way louder then any club you have ever been in.I am talking headach loud.We had lobster at El Arrecife and it was horrible.If it didn't have a shell we wouldn't even know what it was.We sent it back with one bite out of it and apperently becasue the managr of that ala' carte didn't report it to the front dest we got dinged $63.00 US for two uneated lobster.Not impressed with that at all.Because of that we didn't try any others which I wish we would have.All in all the resort it beautiful and if I can suck that up as poor managment I would love to return but probably wont.The beach is gorgeous and have never seen better.I will be back to Punta Cana just not the resort.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Detailed
<Content>Excellent Resort...Can't go Wrong I have been to many countries and even thou it rained for two weeks I would still rate this resort very well. The food was very good, something for everybody. The speciality restaurants were very impressive. I stayed on the Bavaro side of the complex and the rooms were very nice but had difficulty with the air conditioning, difficult to adjust. They have a train that goes around the resort. I suggest you take a few trips to familiar yourself with the resort. Let me give you some advise. when traveling, do not place any electronic equipment, camera's ,DVD's etc in your suitcases. I just sent an email to AirTransit claiming damages to my suitcase and a stolen DVD Player. It will be interesting to get their response. Upon my return flight, I noticed several suitcases at the Airport that were coming off the belt opened. All of these things were stolen at Punta Cana Airport, Theives!!! Would I go back again!Maybe , but not in the rainy season(May) and I would be more careful about the things I put into my suitcase.  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bigggmik
<Content>It was just OK I feel compelled to write this as I do not see many reviews(or at least not as many as I see when I go to Mexico). My wife (35), Myself (38) and two friends just got back (May 14-21). My wife and myself love the Cancun/ Riveria Maya area (have gone 18 times, usually twice per year). The four of us went to the Adventura/ Spa Palace in September, and my wife and I to the Moon Palace in January, this was sort of a spur of the moment trip as the price was very attractive.We basically all came to the conclusion as we got what we paid for, as this trip was about $700 cheaper than the Adventura Palace was in September, but I think we are just spoiled at all the amenities we received there. We knew going in we wouldn't receive the same treatment but I guess we were still disappointed a bit. The beach is very nice, aqua blue water, soft white sand. The grounds were very nice, folliage was very mature (actually needs cutting back some). The food (which we were concerned about, although no one is picky at all) we found to be pretty good, actually breakfast, which is usually my favorite meal was rather disappointing. Overall I was also disappointed in the service in the buffet resturants (La Arrecife, La Catedral).I also have to say it rained every day we were there, and for two days it was like a monsoon which put a damper on things, nothing much to do when it rains but we still made our own fun. Rosa at the pool bar was awesome made our afternoons fun. One thing to be aware of is if you are looking for any kind of top shelf liquor they wll charge you for it, and it was rather expensive (like 240 pesos/ $9 for absolute vodka, 200 pesos/ $7.70 for kalua) so we just stuck to domestic alcohol and there Presidente beer (nothing to write home about).The reort was probably 85% Europeans, 10% Canadian, and 5% US while we were there. The disco was fun, also went to Mangu (in the Occidental hotel next door, they allow locals in which is interesting) it was $6 to get in and they will give you a drink for free, found we were getting ripped off on drink prices, bartenders tried to steal our change, and a feqw prostitutes inside will talk to you(not sure how much!), we only went one night but preferred the disco in the hotel anyway. The sports bar probably had the best munchies food, Pizza, ice cream, hot dogs, hamburgers, ham and cheese sandwiches, great for after the disco and it was airconditioned. Casino was small but nice, three roulette tables, three black jack, and about 15 slot machines. I won a little for the week on roulette, my friend won a little on black jack.I know from looking at the forums that there is still a lot of concern about the Malaria there the end of last year. We did get bit more than I would have preferred as the grounds are very good for bugs and there was some construction going on as well, we took no malaria pills for the trip (we shall see).I cannot comment on any tours as because of the rain, we did not schedule any.We came to the conclusion that we will not go back again, and prefer the better resorts on the Riveria Maya instead  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beach Beach Beach ........... And More Beach       Flamingos abound!!  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You didn't have our maid I don't want to re-write all the positive reviews - this place is great - the food way above average - the staff is wonderful - the location is fabulous. I DO want to rave about the maid sevice. Unlike a previous poster we had a very different maid experiece.One day, coming back from the beach, we found our rooms had not been cleaned. I immediately called the front desk. They quickly sent 2 maids up and the rooms were done within 30 minutes. I gave them an extra tip. This was certainly good service.What happened later in our stay is truly execptional. On our departure day, about 10 minutes beofre our bus was to leave, my teenage daughter realized she had left her pruse and her iPod in the room. She and I sprinted back to the room. Of course, it was cleaned and emptied, being readied for the next guests. Just as we were about to head back to the lobby, the maid (the same one above) came running after us with the iPod and purse in her hands - and a big smile on her face.I cannot comment on the person who had things stolen from their room but our experience was just the opposite. Truly a great place and we plan to return next spring. Don't hesitate to book your vacation here!  
<Date>May 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jenn_gary
<Content>2 weeks of Pure Heaven We stayed at this fabulous resort from April 25th to May 9th. (We are a couple in our mid twenties)We booked through Amigo Travel (in Elmsdale) with Crystal, and her service and commitment to ensure we had a good stay was very appreciated. We will continue to book with this company as they offer great prices as well.Flight- we flew Air Transat. Good flight. Arrived on time. The airport is like nothing we've ever seen. It was like a huge tiki hut! Very nice!Arrival- Our bus ride was about half hour long. We arrived around 1 p.m. and check in was smooth and fast. We were taken to our room and were shocked to find that we had been upgraded free if charge to a suite!! very nice surprise indeed. Not sure if this was a random upgrade, if they thought we were on our honeymoon, or if this was somehting that Anigo travl requested for us that we were not aware of.Room- This room was as nice or nicer than any hotel room you can stay at in Canada. This resort underwent multimillion dollar renovations and the room was gorgeous and immaculate. The floors were a shiny marble, there were beautiuful dark wooden closets, a vanity, king size bed, living room area, stocked mini bar, iron and ironing board, and HUGE bathroom with two-person jaquizzi, double sink, and glass shower and toilet. Grounds- This resort is very well maintained. There are gardeners constantly making sure that walkways are clean and the plants and flowers are watered. Everything is green and lush (unlike what you see in Cuba - where the grass is often dry and brown). There are huge royal palm trees all over the place. Flamingos greet you at the entrance to the lobby. Lobby- GORGEOUS. All marble with a huge flowing water fountain containing fish. Good service at the lobby bar, comfy chairs, and good entertainment here in the evenings. Food- For those picky eaters, you are in luck! There is no way that you could possible be dissatisfied with the foos here or starve unless you hate every kind of food...cause that's what they have! We did not get sick at all. The main buffet (le cathedral) was so good that we didn't even go to all of our a la carte restaurants! There is so much variety and each night has a theme. All the food is prepared well and is very fresh. There is a great Italian section (Italian Corner) that prepares different pastas and pizzas every night regardless of the theme. The a la Cartes were also very good.The Sports Bar has nachos, ice cream, hot dogs, fresh pizza, hambugers, and a salad bar as well. This was great in the middle of the day or in the evening for a snack. The internet centre is located in here as well.Pools- the main one at the Palladium is nice. Get a hut early in the morning as these fill up fast. There is a swim up pool bar and the speediness of service varies depending on how busy the pool is. Some days were good, other days we had to wait a long time for a bartender to notice us. The pool at the palace section which is free to access is three times larger and has a nice cold jaquizzi that fits like 30 people! Beach- FABULOUS! this beach has been rated within the top ten beaches in the world and i can see why. The beach is lined with tall royal palm trees. The water is gorgeous, crystal clear and very warm. Topless tanning is very popular!!!! i would say 50% of the women go topless. For two maritimers who were not used to this, it was kinda overwhelming at first (although my boyfriend was all smiles!)... but I soon ended up deciding to 'go with the crowd' and join in! We walked the beach both directions and this section on the beach is one of the nicest sections that we saw. Excursions and Adventures- We went on the Saona Island Tour. This was 80 dollars and was well worth the money. I had been on a catarmaran trip in Vardero Cuba and loved it, and this was even better! You leave at 7:30 am and return around 7 p.m. It includes speed boating, swimming in 'natural pools' in the middle of the ocean, tanning on a secluded beach and getting a great meal, then sailing back on a huge catmaran with lots of drinking and dancing.....what more could you want?!We also went parasailing. This was 80 dollars to go up together and although it was very fun, this was very pircey for a ten minute ride.Spa-and Fitness Centre- the spa is part of the resort but not included as all inclusive. People will approach you on the beach or by the pool to offer you deals on massages. I highly recommend getting a massage on the beach!....soooooooo relaxing! My boyfriend enjoyed the fitness centre. Its air conditioned and has nice equipment. Entertainment- The theatre is very large and very nice. Service is good. The talented dancers provide good shows although we found that it got boring night after night. Hanging out in the lobby in the evenings was a nice alternative and it always had a live band playing. The disco is fun. Its air conditioned and has a nice layout. Overall- I have been to cuba five times, jamaica, and mexico. I liked this the best. This five star resort deserves all five stars. We had an excellent vacation. Tips or Advice-1. Bring mini hand sanitizers. We kept these in our beach bag, and used them even after we washed our hands leaving the bathrooms, and in the the restaurants. Perhaps this helped us since we did not get sick. The water is not safe to drink so if you wash your hands with it....and then have you hands anywhere near your mouth you are bound to get sick. Remember to never run your tooth brush under teh faucet! Carry the sanitizer with you as an extra precaution....its not worth losing days of your vacation cooped up in your hotel room sick. NOTE- there is plenty of water available to drink that comes bottled. 2. Bring bug repellant. We forgot this and we got bitten a lot at night! We were taking the anti malarial meds so hopefully we avoided getting anything, but the bites are extrenely itchy and these buggers love your legs and ankles!3. Take the train around to get used to where everything is! this is a huge resort and its easy to miss things that you could be enjoying.4. Bring all the meds, sunblock, tampons, and other necessities you might need with you. The hotel's retail store prices are insane! - like 8 dollars amercian for a lip balm with spf, 10 dollars amercian for bug repellant, 5 dollars american for Pringles! hahah5. Practice a little spanish before you go. I downloaded some common spanish phrases off some travel websites, and oractices these on the plane. Thes helped out especially in the restaurant and bars when asking for certain drinks or directions. The staff appreciate when you try to speak their language and will help you. Be able to laiugh at yoursefl cause you will sometimes ousnd silly since you don;t have the right accent. Its fun to learn a few phrases to be able to communicate with the workers in a friendly manner. The amount of English that the workers know varies so knowing a bit of spanish will be beneficial.6. Enjoy yoursefl and have a open mind. This is a third world country so appreciate the service and ammenities with that in mind and you will have an excellent vacation :)  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>trckdog
<Content>Watch out for the maids... The resort was beautiful, the weather was even better, but the staff wasn't that friendly. We found that because we can only speak a little spanish and french that we were ignored by everyone that works there....  It seemed like we were the last ones to be served, but we tipped.... The food was pretty good. The a la carte restaurants were fantastic... well worth going to. The maids actually stole about $300 worth of clothing from our room... We reported it to the front desk, but nothing was done. The supervisor said oh and that was that..... I would go back to punta cana but wouldn't rush back to that resort, or I'd keep my suitcase locked the entire time.....I don't want to change anyones mind about going there, but just to give out a warning....  
<Date>May 7, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>KathyHampshire_UK
<Content>Fantastic holiday - highly recommended My husband and I have just returned to the UK from this wonderful resort. I really cannot understand why anyone would have anything to complain about. We travelled with Thomson - a good flight there and back. Weather - it was raining on our arrival but it did not last for long. During the two weeks it only rained a total of three times for about an hour at most. Room - we only had a standard room but that was fine - maid service was excellent, clean towels every day, no flowers or swan towels as we have had in other hotels in DR but is this really necessary, surely it is more important to have a room that is clean and tidy? Food - what is there not to like with the selection? There is so much to choose from - the buffet menu is repeated each week but with so much choice I cannot see how this could be a problem. The speciality restaurants are fine but some refurbishment has begun at the Arrecife and is not currently available, however there are plenty of alternatives. The Sports Bar is great for toasted cheese sandwiches, tacos and a cool beer. A really big plus - we did not need Immodium at all during our two weeks, that is a first!! We spoke to several other couples, who had stayed at other resorts, on the flight home and all seemed to have suffered with stomach problems in their hotels - I took six packs of Immodium and have brought all six home! The grounds are gorgeous and very well looked after, the beach is beautiful and the pool was good too. We never had a problem finding sunbeds in the shade and there were always plenty of towels available for exchange at the hut by the pool. The site is quite large, this is due to the fact that it incorporates three Fiesta resorts - a train is provided for travelling around if required. Trips - we went on three trips - Speedboat/Snorkelling - OK but as we are in our 50s was more like a White Knuckle ride so I personally would not try this again (we had to change boats too many times for my liking). The best trip was to the Marinarium where you get to snorkel and swim with sharks and rays (what an experience) - a nice half day trip and very informative. The Monster Truck Safari is very good but this was a full day and we found it a little tiring however that may have something to do with the fact we are knocking on a bit! On the whole a good day and well worth the effort. On the whole this was the best holiday we have had for a while - we went to Cuba last year and this was far superior. We stayed at the Catalonia in 2003 which was also very good but I think the Palladium has the edge. Would go back for sure.  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>debbie_2332
<Content>The Best Resort Yet!! Wow, What a time we had!! Dates of our stay - April 14, 28, 2005This was our 6th trip to the Dominican.The Grand Palladium has been upgraded to a 5 star resort and in our opinion it deserved it!Arrival - We arrived on April 14th in the evening and were met with cold glasses of juice. As there were only a few of us checking in at that time everything went quickly and smoothly. We were very impressed with the lobby. It is very large with oversized couches and wicker furniture. There was live entertainment every night and the lobby bar served excellent drinks. There is a large central water feature with live fish.Room - We were given a junior suite in building 33 which is close to the lobby, restaurants, sports bar, theater, and disco. Although a bit of a walk to the beach we enjoyed the quiet and location of the building. The room was beautiful with a living area, bedroom area, large closet with safe, iron and ironing board inside, Large armoir which held the TV, fridge, coffee maker, a huge bathroom with double jacuzzi, shower stall, double sinks and private toilet area. (A hairdryer was included) There are statues on the ground floors of each building which added to the ambiance and decor. The buildings are only two floors high and well spread out so noice was minimal.Maid - Our room was kept spotless and cleaned by no later than noon everyday. Our maid was very friendly and we had no problem requesting anything that we needed such as extra pop and pillows. We found the whole resort to be very clean as people were constantly washing floors, cleaning the washrooms, and gardening.Resort - The resort has changed quite a bit and work was in process while we were there. The disco and theatre are now located outside of the lobby by the sports bar. They are in process of tearing down the old disco and theatre which is being replaced by a new piano bar and patio. The lagoon outside of the lobby had 14 pink flamingos, a crane and a few turtles. We found the beach to be very nice but lacked sun shades so we recommended more beach huts be built to accomodate the large number of guests. The pool was very refreshing and the bartenders and waiters excellent. It was great to be able to just sit in your chairs and be waited on. There are a lot of shaded areas at the pool but they go quickly. We spent most of our days at the beach and headed into the pool area at about 3 or 4 pm as the activities started around then. The Lookea section has been moved to what was once the Fiesta Beach and the old Lookea section was closed as it was being upgraded. (Not sure what this part will look like or be when completed.) The only part of the resort that we did not have access to was the Royal Suites but we looked into the lobby and also from the beach and did not feel that we were missing out on anything.There is also a new section - the sports area which had everything you could imagine to do. Food - We found the food to be excellent and we had access to all restaurants. We found the buffet restaurant (The Cathedral) to be excellent, both the food and the service. It was also air-conditioned which made eating easier. We only ate at the beach buffet a few times as it was very crowded and very hot. Our favorite a la carte was the Mare Nordstrum. Excellent service and food here!! Our next favorite was the Tex Mex. We enjoyed the food as well as the atmosphere. The Asian restaurant was also very good. I did not enjoy the Spanish but my husband did.One of our favorite things was the train that run throughout the property from 10 am until midnight. There is one during the day and two in the evening. There are small stations throughout the complex that you can get off or on at so it made it much easier to go the the a la cartes, pools and sports area. Enterainment - We had so much fun the the staff! Our hats off to David, Paublo, Melanie and Popeye of the entertainment staff. Also the waiters, Miguel and Rosa! We never attended any of the shows at the theatre or went to the disco as it was mainly teens. We truly enjoyed the lobby bar and the live entertainment there every night. We are already talking about returning next year with many of our friends and family!!  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AESONT
<Content>Wonderful Honeymoon We stayed in the Royal Suites at the Palladium Palace and were upgraded at no extra cost to the Honeymoon Suite. Be sure to ask for the upgrade through your travel agent if it's available. Also, we booked the Royal Suites through the Grand Palladium Bavaro INSTEAD of the Palladium Palace and saved approx. $300 per person. All of the Royal Suites are located at the Palace, and you have access to the whole resort, so there is no difference except price between the two.The room was done all in white with white marble, four poster king size bed, oceanview and a jacuzzi built for 2 on the balcony. The beach had beautiful white sand and was a nice long walk from one end to the other. The Royal Suites side of the beach has beach waiters to bring you drinks, so no need to stop sunning to head back to the pool bar!We also were able to use the free equipment, such as windsurfing and catamaran sailing. I have been to the DR twice before in different locations, and the ocean has been too choppy. Not this time - nice and calm. We played tennis a couple of times in the late afternoon when it was cooler. The Royal Suites has an air conditioned lobby with free internet access and lounge area with drinks, small sandwiches and snacks. Also, when you stay in the Royal Suites, you can book the a la carte restaurants each night of your stay rather than just three times per week. We enjoyed the Mare Nostrum the best - italian style food. We weren't too keen on the Arrecife - seafood restaurant. The seafood restaurant would only be worth going to if you order the lobster at extra cost, but even then it is pricey. I liked Bamboo - the Asian restaurant where I had chicken sate and curried beef noodles, but my husband wasn't too keen on it. We both didn't like the Tex Mex restaurant. You could always find something for everyone at the buffet. We mostly ate breakfast by the Royal Suites pool as they have an outdoor buffet for the guests every morning. We went to the Sports Bar a couple of times to play pool and for burgers/beer.We had a great time at this resort and would recommend it to others. I know I mentioned the Royal Suites alot, but I did not see much mentioned in other reviews, and found it worthwhile to make our honeymoon a more memorable experience.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Good Room - Excellent: bulding 29, 1st floor, ocean view, jr.suiteRoom cleanless - goodGarden - ExcellentFood - Excellent+++ (probably, the best you can find in Punta Cana)Restaurants - Buffet: very good; A La Carte - ExcellentBeach - overcrowded, just OKOcean - very good (behind the barrier)Pool - overcrowded, just OKService - very goodPublic - mostly Europe: German, Spane, some Canada, French and English, US not so many.Overall, it would be a resort of choice in Punta Cana, if they do some beach imporovements.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Time We just returned from the Grand Palladium. We upgraded to the romance suite. I will say it was worth it just for location alone. We used the out door shower only and did not even use the jacuzzi tub. ( we have one at home, so it was no big deal). We were in building 29. Best water view in my opinion. Close to beach and pool. We had a very nice time. I went with my wife and no kids. It was spring break time, so I think there were more kids there than normal. We walked the grounds and found that the grand pool area was the most busy vs. any of the other pools/grounds. The towel saving on the chairs made me sick. This week, chairs were a premium. Although, if you wanted to go to any of the other pools, it did not seem to be such a problem.I liked the fact that there was a waiter at the pool. The food was good. Nothing to really complain about. I find it humerous when people complain about the food. If they want strictly american food, go to disney for your vacation. The grounds were very nice. Not as big as everyone is saying. It is very nice for leasure walking. \\Beach was nice. If you are offended with topless woman. Stay at the pool. All in all, would I go back?? Yes, but I would also like to visit another island. We did stay at the Catalonia Bavaro last year in the Dominican, this resort is much nicer in my opinion.You will have a very nice time if you come to this resort. With out a question. So have a nice time.If you have any questions, email me.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome time Just returned from my vacation and I had a fantastic time. The weather was really nice and the grounds where immaculate. The Dominicains are some of the friendliest people you could ever meet. If someone has already planned their trip to the Palladium and going there shortly and would like some tips or advice on where to go and which restaurants are the best, send me an email and I would be happy to help. You can reach me at hermosoazulojos@yahoo.ca. Hope to hear from you!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our best trip ever We are three single Canadian girls who traveled to the Bavaro Grand Palladium for two weeks in March 2005.We had so much fun at this resort that we are planning on returning in 2006.Resort: This place is huge. You can spend hours wondering around the grounds. There is a train and a shuttle to get you around if you don't feel like walking. Remember, this is three resorts in one (bavaro, palace and royal suites) but we recommend you get lost just so you can explore this beautiful resort. The grounds are immaculate. Everything was very clean.Food: Overall the food was pretty good for buffet style. The a la cartes were fabulous and waiters very friendly. We tried all the restaurants except the italian. We highly recommend the chocolate banana crepes in the Cathederal Buffet. Just watching the cook prepare them made our mouths water.Staff: They made our trip. From the minute we got there till the very end they made us feel that we were the most important people there. The staff's english is a little broken but with a little extra effort from us there was no problem. They even taught us some spanish. They were always singing and very happy to be there. We especially miss the animation staff who made a special point of talking to us every day. Our personal favourites are Victor Davide, Vladimer, Hamlet, Juan, Joys, Super Felix and Garis. Pool: We closed the bavaro pool bar down every day. This is place to be.Beach: Incredible. We hung out at the volleyball courts to catch all the action and never had any problems finding a beach chair. If you walk either way along the beach you will find the markets.Nightlife: The lobby bar in the bavaro was a great place to hang out. There is a band in the evenings that plays great music. We hit the show a couple of night and the staff work hard to put it on. The disco opens after the show and the staff get everyone up dancing. After the disco closes take a cab (US$5) to Mangu (US$6 including drink). We felt totally safe there.Bugs: They do spray for mosquitos however there is alot of them by the sports bar so bring bug spray. Also watch out for the sand fleas if you are on the beach at night.We think this place is great. Lots of activities and friendly people.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just returned. Our Comments. We just returned from Punta Cana.The POSITIVES:The weather was spectacular. The beach was beautiful.The rooms and bathrooms kept very clean.The grounds were beautiful.The NEGATIVES:The food was awful. If you have young children. It was not easy to find things they could eat. Not catered to Americans.Took about the first three days to learn our way around. Suggest taking the train a couple of times your first day to figure things out.Found bugs in our room. Not sure what they are called. Those large roaches. One on my son's head. One in my makeup case. Others just scurrying.Mostly Europeans. They Smoked EVERYWHERE. They were not considerate of others. This bothered me the most.It was difficult to get chairs at the pool. People get up at 5:00 in the morning and reserve chairs with their towels.Overall it was a good vacation because we had great family time and the weather was perfect. We will not go back to Punta Cana.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>rqueen
<Content>Date of Visit March 27 - April 3, 2005 This resort is absolutely beautiful. The grounds are well maintained and all of the public areas are constantly being swept or scrubbed. I agree that the food could have been better, but then again I am not in the US and cannot expect the food to taste the same. I was there during a very busy week and the huts around the pool and on the beach were reserved by 6:00 a.m. each and every morning. If you tried to get a chair at around 10:00 a.m. you were out of luck. Please keep in mind that US citizens are a minority. Very few of the staff spoke English, and most of the employees would tell you they didn't understand. I agree you should learn a little Spanish before attending. Take the train to/from the other resorts just to get your bearings. This resort is very large so keep in mind you will do a lot of walking. We used the Spa services on several occasions, but be prepared to wait if you have an appointment. Their reservation system is not the best in the Spa. I had a problem with the jacuzzi in my room and reported the problem Tuesday morning, maintenance came several times and left only to never return. When I checked out on Sunday it was still not operating. They did make attempts to fix the matter, but the problem was that they would say they would return in 10 minutes and never return, causing me to report the trouble again. They offered to move us on Friday but we were checking out on Sunday and it was really no big deal. Please make sure that you have strong swimmers using the free items on the beach, kayaks and catamarans. They do not offer much instruction on these and even though they are watching we saw several people struggling to get back or turn over flipped kayaks. Please keep in mind that many Europeans visit this resort and feel the need to go topless or even nude on the beach. The resort has no control over this issue. The entertainment could have been better but these employees do work hard. Keep in mind that if you have teenagers they will serve them alcohol regardless of their age and even though their wristaband may not be the right color. My daughter is 15 and was always asked whether she wanted rum or not. We ate in three of the a'la carte restaurants and all provided wonderful service and the food was much better than the buffets. They offer snacks, nachos, popcorn, pizza, sandwiches and ice cream throughout the day but these are only availabe in the sports bar. You can purchase an Internet card for $5.00 for 30 minutes or $8.00 for 60 minutes. The phone charge to call direct is approximately $1.50 per minute. If you use a calling card or call collect they will charge a connection fee of approximately $15.00. One thing never mentioned on this site is the inability to charge to your room. The only exception being if you order wine in the a'la carte restaurants. The stores, spa and watersports all need to be paid in cash or credit card. Use your credit card you will get a better exchange rate.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Experience       Our villa  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>shashibala
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful!!       First Glimpse of the Beach  
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just enjoy - absolutely no complaints We can only confirm the positive reviews of this excellent resort. Great value for money, as much activity at the pool as you want, quiet on the beach if you don't. Meticulously clean, very responsive service for even the slightest malfunction. If anyone should feel the need to complain, take a walk on the Wild Side and see how the other half (hotel staff) has to live. Two worlds, living side by side. There is a strict staff no fraternization policy, but we managed to sneak into the fenced-off living area to attend a local staff church service - ten chairs and a lightbulb under an overhead plastic sheet. Rows of barracks, smell of sewage, staff sometimes sick from the food they get - not the same as for hotel guests. But Great, Warm-Spirited, Humble People! This is not meant to be a bad reflection on the hotel, just the facts of life in most places. Go there, they need the jobs. So amidst the fun, keep this in mind as you watch them smile endlessly while trying to teach meringue dancing to some drunk, obnoxious guest for the 1,000th time.  If you tip, don't forget the Haitian gardeners, they do the hardest work and probably get less than anyone. If you want a massage, Leonardo at the Spa will arrange it for you. And please, turn off the outdoor showers at the beach when you're done - I don't know where people get off wasting water like that. In sum - give it 5 stars - relax, enjoy, and count your blessings for being able to go there.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Magnolia4520510
<Content>Good Vacation Just returned from a week at the Grand Palladium. I would rate it as average. Unfortunately our air conditioning didn't work in our room and being on vacation, I tried to be nice about it by politely letting the front desk know. After 24 hours, I had to get psycho on the front desk and force them to move us to another room. The air wasn't great in the new room but it was cool enough to sleep. Besides that, everything else was good. The staff was good and the rooms clean. The food was plentiful and although alot of it isn't what you want to eat, you can always find something that fills you up. There are so many resorts in Punta Cana that I would like to try another place next time. You can't beat Bavaro beach though - Beautiful sand and beautiful water! When you get tired of the beach, you can sit by one of the large pools. During our week, it was 98% Europeans which made it even more of a vacation. There are plenty of families staying there as well as couples. I guess the only complaints I had were that the hotel is spread out over a huge expanse of land so you get tired of walking such long distances to get from one place to another and the air conditioning wasn't great.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Larimar! It is just so stunning! My boyfriend and I went to the D R in January 0f 2005, we stayed at the Pallidum Bavoro Beach Resort  Hotel. We had a blast, the island was so breath taking! We felt like we were in heaven! The hotel was very clean and the service was excellent. I would surely go back in a heart beat. We planned our trip with Apple Vacations, they also did a superb job! My boyfriend got me this beautiful Larimar ring from Harrison's Jewelers. They have the most exotic jewelry; I recommend that you going to get a stunning piece. Every time I wear the ring, I get so many compliments! We loved the D R! Don't forget your sun block!! It is hot :-)  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Randola
<Content>Great resort The Grand Palladium Bavaro resort was excellent, the weather we had was spectacular, the service was great and the rooms were beautiful. The rooms had a jacuzzi and were immaculate. The only criticism was the lack of lobster. Lobster was at one of the a la carte restaurants which were all quite well done but you had to pay around 25US for it on top of the a la carte. The buffet food was very good and there was plenty of variety. It was a million times better than the food in Cuba and no one got sick that we were aware of. The water sports were fun and there were a lot of activities. Better for couples that for a group of singles where there is nowhere to go off of the resort.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rrmichael
<Content>Beware of the food My wife and celebrated our anniversary here the 5th-12th of March. Upon arrival the place looks great. Our Romance Suite was very nice. The junior suites are the same room, except for the outside shower. Hint, don't pay the extra. My wife and I never used the outside shower one time. Save the extra money for excursions. The beach is beautiful and is very relaxing. Now for the bad stuff. The third night we ate at the seafood restaurant and a few hours after we ate my wife started feeling nausea and like she was going to pass out. We were in the casino playing blackjack with her father and she said we need to go back to the room because she wasn't feeling very good. Her dad wanted to play a slot machine before we left. As he played ten dollars through my wife's eyes rolled back into her head and she passed out. A doctor arrived and took her blood pressure and tried to say she had been drinking too much. NOT TRUE. My wife had two glasses of wine a dinner. I haven't seen her drunk in several years. My wife asked if she could have food poisoning because her stomach was hurting and she felt like she could have the green monkeys. As we walked out of the casino she vomited. We stayed in our room for a few days after that because my wife felt so ill and had the runs. At check out time we had a nice fat 130USD bill for the doctor. My wife obviously had food poisoning and I didn't feel we should be responsible for the bill since we didn't cook our own food. They got really hateful and told us they would call the airport and detain us if we didn't pay. I don't think they would have made the call, but I didn't want to take any chances since we were eager to get back home to our little girl. My wife has since went to the doctor here in the States and had blood work done to find out if it could be something serious and of course nothing was found. It was our doctor's opinion that she had GASTROENTERITIS WITH A POSSIBILITY OF FOOD POISONING from the food. This ruined our vacation, so I called the resort to ask if they would pay for us to come back or to their Mexican resort to make us a satisfied customer and they have so far refused to do so. My wife and I have been all over the world and stay at all inclusive resorts anytime we can. This is our first complaint at any resort we have chosen. We have been married five years. I would choose a different resort if you go to punta cana. I have heard the Bahia Principe is real nice and will cost you a lot less money when you can find it on special. Also, this resort does not have one blender to make frozen drinks. I have never seen anything like it. Your pina colada looks like pinapple juice.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>sbarca
<Content>Great Vacation Mar5-12 We really read quite a bit of the reviews of the Palladium and at times were a little apprehensive. I have to agree with other people who have said that some people just can never be happy and will find something negative no matter where they are. As every place you go, there are ups and downs. Our experience was positive.....Airport-Be ready for a whirlwind when you arrive and have a PEN with you because we didn't :) The airport staff is really trying to move you through the airport fast $1 per bag. The drive to the resort was really interesting because the drivers just pass whatever...whenever....also, if you lose luggage be prepared to go back to the airport probably because we lost luggage and had to go back the next day because customs would not release them unless we personally went. May be different with every instance just depending on situation. It was all good, so no problem.Apple Vacation Rep-He is available at many times and can be helpful as long as you are patient and courteous to him. Lobby-WOW...beautiful open lobby with bar...good drinks...advice from my husband....don't drink the house tequila, at least as shots:) The beer is El Presidente and it was really good. I drank more of that then I did mixed drinks. Bottled water is plentiful and they have no problems giving huge quantities. A waiter is always taking drink orders so you don't have to even go to the bar.Rooms-We had upgraded to a junior suite and glad that we did. The villa we stayed in was beautiful. The furniture is fine and the room is CLEAN. Saw a couple of ants...who cares....the room was CLEAN. Nice safe...we were comfortable with it. Ask for 2 extra pillows...it makes a difference with the bed which was not the most comfortable but again no problem.Grounds-Again, wow, beautiful. Immaculate...we wondered if they ever cut the grass because we never saw a mower or heard one and there were people working all over the place. Pools-Beautiful, did not think they were cold. Spent one day at the pool bar...rest of the time at the beach.Beach-Amazing....water was warm and NOT rough and not churned up that we saw. If you are easily offended and have children....beware of topless sunning...lots of it, both at the beach and pool.Food-This is the only place I had a problem. I think that I came with the flu because I really felt awful when we left home on the 5th. I did eat Sat and Sunday and the food was good. But then on Mon I got sick and really sick, so I could not find anything that I could eat after that....it was all too rich for me (and believe me, I am not a picky eater). I love to eat....but my brother-in-law, sister-in-law, and husband were very happy with the food so I know it was me. And anyhow, anyone can survive there. I lived on toast, fruit, certain things like guacamole and salsa, and later in the week, pizza. I loved the ice cream at the Sports Bar. I am sure if I went back, all would be different.I saw some complaints about service. Some advice, learn the basic language of THEIR country. Know how to say please and thank you...we did tip...not excessively, but enough to let those you really appreciated know that they were appreciated (certain people will really stand out because they are really great at what they do). Some of the workers at the resort were less than friendly but for the most part there were many people who would go over and beyond to meet your request. Sometimes we had a little language barrier...oh well, we would just do the best we could and so would they....I expect no more from someone who speaks Spanish as a first language. If you are American, you are definitely the minority at this resort. We found that we were around alot of Europeans. And a few Canadians. Everyone was friendly....Also we did not do any excursions because of how I felt the first four days there. BUT we did take a beginner's scuba diving class with Jonathan over at the Dolin Dive Center. It was really cool. You watched a film and then they took you over to the pool and you learned the basics of diving. Then they took you out to a coral reef and you actually got to go diving for a half an hour. It was only $60 per person and it was so much fun. I did panic at first when we got down to the bottom but Jonathan helped me calm down and it was something I will never forget. You are only going 15 feet down for a first dive. Now we would love to get certified. I think that was so worth the money. Alot of people we talked to liked the jungle excursion.Shopping-Basically non-existent...they do have these jewelry vendors that come in to the resort. Very aggressive...but I like to bargain and started immediately at half of what they originally wanted on some of the stuff I bought and then even less than that on some other stuff we bought. We did not spend very much on this trip. As far as going off the resort to shop, we had no interest in it. At this time, Punta Cana does not really have a downtown and I just would not be comfortable off of the resorts unless it was to hop over to another resort.Like I said at the beginning....I think no matter where you go or whatever you do, nothing is ever exactly perfect. This resort is beautiful, the beach is great, the service is really great and for the most part, everyone is friendly. We had a great time and would not have a problem going back here. If you have questions, email me at sdesantis2002@yahoo.com  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Trip! My boyfriend and I just got back from a week long trip to the Grand Palladium. We had a fantastic time! I would highly recommend this resort and would definitely go back. In fact, I wish I was still there.Room: We had a deluxe room that was very close to the pool and maybe a 5 minute walk to the beach. The room wasn't huge, but it was more than enough space for the 2 of us, and how much time do you really spend in your room anyway. The bathroom was a great size and kept immaculately clean by our maid. Room temperature was perfect for sleeping. We slept almost 10 hours a night, or more.Staff: The staff couldn't have been nicer. They were always more than accommodating and trying to get you involved in the various activities going on around the resort. I don't know any Spanish and they were more than willing to speak English to me. Very gracious and incredibly nice people.Food: The food was delicious and not bland at all, as I read in previous reviews. I thought there was fantastic variety and you could eat as healthy or as unhealthy as you chose. We had the option of dining a la carte as part of our package 3 nights and took advantage of it. I would recommend Bamboo and the Tex/Mex restaurant. We also ate at El Quixote (spanish) but didn't enjoy it as much. We had one night where our stomachs were slightly bothering us, but took one Immodium and it didn't trouble us again.Resort: Gorgeous grounds, lots to do at all times. We walked everywhere, but they do provide a train that is constantly circling the grounds taking guests to the various areas of the resort. The grounds were immaculate and well-maintained. Absolutely gorgeous flowers everywhere too.Overall, it was a wonderful vacation, made even better by the staff and grounds at the Palladium. I wish I could have stayed another week. Enjoy!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>summerlove
<Content>Lacked Quality We stayed at this resort for four nights in the beginning of February 9-13, 2005. We originally were booked at the Riu Taino, but switched to this resort a few days before flying down due to the Norwalk virus at the Riu. Anyway... our teenagers were very happy with the large resort and accommodations; however, my husband and I felt it was a step down in service and overall satsifaction from all-inclusive resorts we stayed at in Mexico over the years. The food was mediocre. Bland. Little variety. The room was dated (even though it was recently refurbished) and service poor. Even though I used my spanish, the Domenicans were not nearly as friendly and helpful as the Mexicans. The beach was beautiful...many palm trees. Water was rough and churned up. Pool water too cool. All in all...it was a nice vacation but nothing to rave about unfortunately. We returned home disappointed and probably will only stay at 6-star resorts from now on.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SUNSHINEDAISY
<Content>The best vacation Ever My friend  I just returned from a two week stay at the Grand Plladium. We had such a wonderful, relaxing time that we cannot wait to go back. The beach was breathtaking, the water was perfect. Our rooms were just amazing, super clean  very new. I cannot say enough about this hotel. The service was amazing, everyone is always in a good mood  always happy it is super safe  we had no problems. The waiter Franciso was so nice  friendly that when he was gone for 3 days we missed him. The shows at nite were very professional  very entertaining. The aminimation team was very friendly  we miss them especially Juan Paoblo, Vladminar   my little hermano Victor. We miss you all  cannot wait to go back. This place rocks  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>italgrl
<Content>Awesome Time Just returned from punta cana after a 2 weeks stay. This is by far the best place i've stayed at in a long time. The hotel is kept clean, the people are friendly and always go the extra mile to accomodate you.The food was good and the drinks were awesome. My friend and I weren't so sure about the resort after reading mixed reviews but were glad we booked and are definitely planning on going back. If you plan on going, there is Francisco  Juan (waiters) who were very friendly and our wine and coffee was always filled without having to ask. The animators were friendly and funny and always took the time to come by and chit chat with us (Juan Pablo, Vladimir, Victor David and Hamlet will definitely be missed) You won't go wrong by staying at the grand palladium! Definitely try out the clubs Mangu and Areyito (there 5min away by taxi).  
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>As Arnold said, I'll be back. This is our third trip to Punta Cana, what can I say, we loved this place. You would be hard pressed to find a better beach anywhere. Lots of staff to pamper you. With all the bars, pools and places to eat, you cannot go wrong. Even the night shows where good, no bad seating and drinks brought to your table. Food, I can't complain, it was the best we have had in an all inclusive.The only down side is when you leave the property there are a couple of small towns to walk to and of course flying Air Transat. The vendors are a little pushy and their items are over priced. We found a small grocery store to buy our take home rum and a reasonably priced trinket shop that let you do the shopping. Go down to the beach, turn right, as soon as you leave the property make another right. You will find these places.We have been to several other southern locations over the years and this is our favourite. We will return.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellente! We traveled to Palladium Grand Resort  Spa from 2/25/05-3/4/05. This was a tropical paradise! The staff did a terrific job; from the waitresses/waiters to the front desk staff to the gardeners. Everyone was smiling, usually singing and made you feel welcome. We went to Saona Island which is a MUST! We also went on the James Bond speed boat/snorkeling tour which was very fun. We went kayaking, swam in the ocean  pools and had a massage at the Spa. We used their workout equipment, walked and also sat back  relaxed watching the people and the waves roll in. The food was EXCELLENT! I was surprised to hear reviews of others who thought the food was bland. I would recommend bringing an insulated cup with a sealed top. We did  it helped keep our drinks cold  keep the sand out. We had no problems finding a chair on the beach regardless of when we went out there. Apple Vacations booked our flight  did a great job, no problems. We would go back.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rugbyboot
<Content>Read this before you book elsewhere on Dom.Rep I will keep this short. Myself and my girlfriend stayed here from 17 Feb to 3 Mar 05 and thought it was excellent. We stayed at Sandals in St Lucia last June and this resort knocks spots off that place.... I'm serious. Before going I read the reviews and found them to be very mixed. People complained about the food mainly along with the staff not being able to speak good english. The food is superb, nothing more needs to be said, although I do wonder where these people come from !! As for the staff not speaking good English.... well, their English to a dam sight better than my Spanish !If you want a great holiday in a lovely resort with superb food and great staff go here. We met people than return here every year, that must say something. One more thing, value for money is excellent. We booked through Going Places for 拢1100 each and hardly spent a penny ( except tips etc ) Any questions please feel free to E Mail me...  
<Date>Mar 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Northerngal
<Content>Fantastic I can do nothing but praise this resort. I am a single woman late thirties and travelled by myself. I had booked the deluxe room and it was a beautiful room, king sized bed, jacuzzi tub, separate shower, vanity, coffee maker, fridge, tv, hairdryer. The entry into the room was by electronic card and the doors also had deadbolts and chain lock as well. No problems with checkin or check out. I chose to get late checkout as flight did not leave until late and it was worth the extra money ( 35 US).I had clean folded towels everyday, no problems with my fridge being restocked with water. Not one bug or mosquito in site. All staff was very friendly and I had no problems with language barriers. I do not speak Spanish or French yet I could sit on the beach every day and talk with the people who worked there for hours in English about any subject we wanted.They work extremely hard to maintain the grounds, which are beautiful. The animation teams on the beach are great... my thanks to them for making it a wonderful vacation. Special thanks to Felix, Vladimir, Sandy and ChristinaI did not eat at the al la carte restaurants, however I did hear mixed reviews. Hit and miss . I ate at the different buffets every night and always found something that was very good. Tremendous variety in food. I did however find the food a bit heavy, lots of creams. This is a resort I plan to return to next year as I could really find nothing to complain about at all.Any questions I would be glad to answer them  
<Date>Feb 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>busdriver
<Content>Exceeded Expectations!!! Just returned from the beautiful Dominican Republic! Had a wonderful stay at the Palladium! From what I understand, if you book through Apple, you are automatically upgraded to a Deluxe room. They are still in the process of remodelling the Standard rooms. Our room was a garden apartment and very, very clean. If you have read other reviews, as I had before going, leave your ant spray at home. They are so tiny that you need a magnifying glass to see them!Big suggestion...take your allergy pills a few days BEFORE you go! I didn't and had to buy Sudafed DS there ($15 for 12 pills). I suffered a good two days before they kicked in. There were some people in their rooms for that long until they recovered!The hotel is spread out perfectly. If you like to stroll, this is the place to do it. Most walk ways are covered. Ponds are spaced nicely throughout the resort. The swimming pools are kept clean. We are beach people, so we only sat at a swim up bar our first afternoon. There are bar kiosks along the beach, very nice, and not tacky. Go see Ruth at the beach kiosk closest to the restaurant, El Arricife. She has a nice pour on the frozen drinks!!! Ruth punch!!!We only made dinner reservations (included) once for the El Arricife. It was nice and food was delicious. However, we always went to The Cathedral and ate in Abrahams section. He is a wonderful young man, and always new how we liked our coffee and was very attentive without hovering. Remember, most of the staff works 10hour days and do not go home to see their families until the weekend! Tip appropriately, especially for those like Abraham who go above and beyond! Also, we always had something we liked to eat here. Mornings, you can have whatever your heart desires. French toast, pancakes, eggs made to order, fresh fruit and veggies. Dinner was the same way, they had a theme every night, but you could always select something that fit your appetite. I enjoyed the pasta bar.Visit Carlos at the Sports Bar across from the main lobby. He's slick and very attentive. The pizza here is hit or miss. The burger was pretty good.Excursions we took were the Outback Safari and the Saona Island excursion. Both are a must! The safari really gets into their culture and way of life. Look LindseyJones under this review. Her review is extremely accurate.Saona Island was very nice too. Catamaran ride to a private island with a speed boat ride back. Lunch was delicious and the stop at the 'swimming pool' was neat as well. A must do excursion! TAKE YOUR OWN SNORKLING GEAR!!! We forgot ours and they DO NOT supply them!!! I'm still kicking myself for leaving ours in the room!Gambling, eh. Disappointed. No BIG deal, we saved money! It hasn't really caught on down here. The resort casino, very small and the slots are in spanish, hard to decipher what you're up too! The Tower Casino, was a bit more pumped up. Lots of table games. The Dominicans should jump the gun and catch on to what's going up here in the States as far as gambling...they could really bust wide open, if they play their cards right!Well, get your shots! Bring your supplies, although we NEVER had a problem with food (didn't take 1 immodium!), and bottled water is in good supply. We brushed our teeth with the sink water, no problems!The beach was breezy and the ocean is rough. If you want to snorkle, book a hotel on the Carribean side. If you don't like sea weed (which was very minimal and there was a tsunami after all), stay home.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful!! My husband and I just got back from this wonderful resort. Our check-in was smooth and we were led to our romance suite. This was a big room with an ocean view, whirlpool tub for 2, and an outside shower and hammock. Very spacious compared to the junior suites. I would book this suite again because of the extra space and the extra things that come with the room. The weather was great except 2 days. It was cloudy and windy for 2 days. It does get cool so I would recommend taking a pair of pants and a couple long sleeved thin shirts for the evening. We took the aquatic tour James Bond one day where you drive speed boats to a certain point and then snorkle. It was fun. Wear old sunglasses because the water gets in your eyes and it burns, it is hard to see to drive. Take some money to tip your guide. I think our guide's name is Willy and he took our underwater camera and had us follow him in the water. We have never snorkled before so this was nice. The vendors on the beach to the right of the resort are a joke. There is a place called Bavaro Plaza about a mile from the resort where you can get souveniours. The gift shop is too expensive so be sure you pack everything. I could go on and on but you have probably read so many reviews that say the same thing. Just go with an open mind, know that the food is not the greatest, things do not taste the same but enjoy it for the time being. Have a great time. We would definently book this resort again along with the romance suite.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>generic1
<Content>Not a four and a half star!! We stayed at the Palladium with two friends for two weeks in January. It was our third trip to the Dominican Republic but definitely not our favourite. First of all, when you take Air Transat from Manitoba you do not take off until late afternoon (which we found out after we booked). That means you get into your resort in the early hours of the morning and believe me, that is not good. We had made three requests for our rooms to be together, at least in the same building. They were not even in the same building. The next morning took a lot of perserverence with the front desk people to try and get our rooms changed. They promised us rooms in the same building two days after we arrive - so we lived out of our suitcased until then. After we got our new rooms, we discovered my friend's room had a horrible sewer smell, I mean really bad despite spraying it daily with a spray she got from housekeeping. Forget trying to get another room. It never got any better and anyone just walking into that room could smell how bad it was and nothing was done about it. I thought the rooms (Jr Suites) were very shabby, the beds lumpy and uncomfortable. The bathrooms were very large but made little sense. There were no fans in the bathroom, but there were two very large windows with blinds over them and a window that opened inwards. In other words, if you wanted the window open, you had to leave the blind up and then everyone from every angle could see right into the bathroom!! Also there was a huge hole in the corner of the hot tub and you could see right down into the ground. I put a wet towel over it every night just in case anything nasty crawled up. We never found a towel folded nicely, like a swan or anything or any flowers left which we experienced at other resorts, even 3 1/2 star resorts make more effort. Of course we left tips, but it makes no difference, they simply don't go in for nice touches at this place. The service was usually poor, especially the a la carte restaurants, which we found to be terrible. The food in the buffets was very good with lots of variety, we have no complaints about that. However at one of the a la carte restaurants, they wanted $32 us for lobster!! (each) Last year we stayed at the Iberostar and they had a lobster night every week - no extra cost. Also the service was so much better, they could not do enough for us. We should have gone back there and I am sure we will in the future. The Iberostar is rated a 4 star and the Palladium is rated a 4 1/2 star. Don't believe it. The Iberostar will cost you more, but is worth every penny, the Palladium is a 3 1/2 at best. We would not recommend it, there are too many other superior places for the same price.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kimiata90
<Content>Wonderful resort! I'll start by saying that our trip was from Feb.7th through Feb. 14th. Cost was $2350 per couple,out of Baltimore, which included all taxes, and insurance. We booked through a travel agent and used Apple. It was considerably cheaper to use the agent than to use the Apple website.I can't believe that anybody could possibly have any complaints about this resort. From the moment we arrived in the huge, beautiful lobby until the day of our sad goodbye, we were amazed by the beauty and cleanliness of this place. We booked standard rooms thru Apple, and they were beautiful and absolutely clean, with wood molding, vaulted ceiling w/fan, and a great marble bath w/cool glass enclosed shower. Try to get a 2nd floor room if you can -- lots of privacy, even with drapes open to balcony. We were in room 1075, which was perfect. Mini-fridges kept stocked w/soda, beer, and bottled water was a nice touch, too. The resort itself is huge, and you will definately need to keep the map they give you handy in the beginning. A cute train runs throughout the resort and over to the the two sister resorts (of which you have use of), but we walked a lot. Be prepared to have sore leg muscles for a couple days! Did I mention how absolutely beautiful the whole place is? One big, lush garden full of palms, gorgeous flowering trees, etc. The friendly staff was constantly working on keeping everything clean and beautiful.There are lots of restuarants to choose from in this all-inclusive, but we ate all of our breakfasts and a lot of other meals in the Cathedral buffet right off the lobby. My husband and I really enjoyed the food, from the made- to-order omelettes, yummy fried dough, pancakes, etc. in the mornings to the wonderful and various salads, shrimp, and anything else you can think of at lunch and dinner. Anything they did that involved chicken was always unbelievable. Pork was also very tender and tasty. And the pizza at most of the buffets was enjoyed by all six of us that were there. If you are craving American fare, hang out at the Sports Bar, where you can always get pizza, hamburgers, fries, grilled ham and cheese, nachos, etc., and shoot pool. We ate at the Spanish and Mexican ala cart restuarants, but preferred the buffets.If I had it to do over again, I would pack less shorts and more nice casual wear. You will stay in your swimsuit mostly -- take several! You should take something to throw on over top your suit for going into the restuarants for lunch, etc. Make sure to take something kind of nice to wear to dinner each night. Punta Cana is not as laid back when it comes to dress as, for example, Jamaica. You can just wear capris and a nice shirt, or you can dress up a lot. You will see both. Men must wear long pants. Another thing I wish I had was some shirts with sleeves and maybe a pair or two of long pants. It can get a little chilly in the evenings. Take a sweater or light jacket too. Make sure you take flip flops, and some nice sandals for the evenings, girls.Resort staff was wonderful. They speak limited English except at the lobby desks, where you shouldn't have any trouble being understood. Learn a few key phrases in Spanish, such as uno cervesa con limon, por favor, which means one beer with lime, please. The call limes limon, pronounced lee moan. That's probably about all you'll have to know:) The beer is Presidente, and we all agreed that it was good.Take a deck of card to play in the evenings after dinner. The outside cafe area off the lobby is great for that. Take a towel of your own if you want to have something to leave on a chair at the pool while you visit the beach with their towel. It's rude, but everybody does it 'cause chairs get taken fast.We went on the James Bond thing (called the Aquatic Tour I think), and I wouldn't recommend it. The little boats are in terrible condition, and the ocean is just too rough to be enjoyable. I think I would wear my snorkel goggles on the boat if I were to do it again, at least you wouldn't constantly have your eyes and face full of salt water then!Make sure you get a massage on the beach! We made the mistake of waiting until the last day to do that, and what a mistake! It was wonderful and perfect, and next time we'll have one every day! About $32 each for 25 minutes of heaven.The beach is beautiful, but you can't snorkel right there -- it's just too rough for that. But they will take you on a boat and let you snorkel and dive, and my husband did that for $20 and enjoyed it. You can email me with any questions!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JCGW
<Content>A 5 star hotel with 2 star food The Palladium is a 5 star hotel with 2 star food. Since the 5 stars are awarded on a facilities basis, there is no doubt that the hotel earns them. We were there in February 2005 and found that the whole complex is a combination of three hotels which are separated seamlessly by paths. Facilities such as pools and buffet restaurants are available to all who have the legs to walk to them or care to take the little train that runs round the huge estate. The Palladium has 62 buildings, each containing 8 rooms with some for couples and others for families. This makes about 1000 guests. There is one pool in the grounds and the maths is interesting. There are 27 sun shelters and 140 sun beds. The beach has a similar number of shelters and perhaps 300 sun beds This means that fewer than half the guests can have a sun lounger when the hotel is full. It explains why people get up before 6 am to reserve loungers underneath shelters and why the poolside is bursting when there is a fresh breeze coming off the sea and people drift inland. This was usually the case in the afternoons. The pool area and surrounds were used for sporting activities and to begin with was subject to loud, monotonous local music all day long. I complained about it being for the benefit of the barmen rather than the guests and (rather surprisingly) it was switched off for the rest of our stay, which made for a peaceful ambience. The centre of the complex is the Palace Hotel with well over 500 rooms comprising 15 blocks, each containing 28 rooms, together with three much larger buildings having maybe 40 rooms in each. This hotel had two quite large pools but I would guess that the maths on loungers was similar. Since this hotel seemed to be devoted exclusively to non-English speaking guests, it was populated mainly by Germans and French or French Canadians. The Grand Suites at the far end were supposed to be the posh area but seemed to have nearly as many rooms as each of the other two hotels. This made somewhere between 2,500 and 3,000 guests in the whole complex. It was too big for us and we were acutely aware of this at meal times when the vast stadium sized restaurants, or canteens as we called them, were busy.The grounds are very pretty and well maintained by the groundsmen. The lawns and gardens are extensive so that there is plenty of attraction for the eye. The attitude of the staff and their diligence towards the comfort of the guests was beyond reproach. They always had a smile and tried to be helpful even if language was a problem. The waitresses round the pool, in the bar areas and in the restaurants were very attentive. I had a similar experience to another correspondent when a gardener offered me a fresh coconut and opened it up for a drink. They are lovely people.The main problem had to be the food. The variety of the food available at the buffet meals was extensive and intended to cater for many tastes. However, it was generally bland, tasteless and poorly cooked. A few examples are necessary to show this. At breakfast, the grapefruit was not sectioned nor the pith removed. The pineapple was presented with its woody centre in place. The staff liquidized the fruit into appetizing drinks in different flavours but having left the pith in place meant you were picking it out of your teeth during the meal. The fruit juices from dispensers appeared to be full of colorants. The bacon was streaky and cooked to a frazzle while the sausages were apologies of cooking. The freshly made pancakes and omelettes were much better. The bread was stale and the limited choices of cereal were like cardboard. My wife despaired over the inadequately hot water for making a decent cup of tea.The lunch and dinner menus did not appear to vary at all, except at dinner where the carvery (one type of meat) changed each day. The meat was sometimes undercooked and vegetables were mainly fresh salad. Here the tomatoes were unripe and tough. In the Arrecife Restaurant the fish and meat trays were together so that as you eyed up some meat stew you could only smell fish. It was not attractive. In the end, I found the hamburger counter the most reliable.Perhaps the most disappointing experiences were the visits to the 脿 la carte restaurants. Vouchers were provided so that you could go there twice a week. We tried the Bamboo Chinese one to begin with and I chose a chicken curry in the hope that finally I would find a meal that tantalised my taste buds. The food turned out to be no more than a stew. No exaggeration. My wife had a sweet and sour pork which was nice. Worse was to come with the desserts, which were pretentious and utterly tasteless. The plates were littered with blobs of cream with green maraschino cherries on top, such as a 5 year old would prepare for a bit of fun cooking. We tried the cheesecakes and when we found the jam on top had no taste and the body of the dessert was awful we scooted out. The El Quijote Spanish restaurant was not much better. For starters, the Orly Shrimps turned out to be battered prawns and the Red Hot Chilli Potatoes were only mildly flavoured. The main courses we tried were the rabbit, the fish and the lamb. These were well cooked and spoilt only by undercooked and tasteless vegetables. The desserts here were similar to the Bamboo but not as bad.We met up with two other couples and, over the course of the two-week stay, all six of us had stomach upsets lasting from 2 to three days. Even the Thomson travel rep was having trouble. Since the attack struck between day 2 and day 11 it was difficult to work out the cause and one presumes that it was a chance thing depending on various factors.The predominant nationality in the Palladium was American with Canadians (mainly from Quebec Province) and Germans in close pursuit. The English made up about 3% maximum. Some of the tourist trips were expensive, such as dolphin or whale or seal watching (about $240 each). We went on the Monster Truck Safari ($99) which was a good way to see the countryside and hear something about the people. In fact, we had our best meal of the holiday when we ate simple, well-cooked and tasty food for lunch. Inevitably, we stopped for the charity handout when you were expected to have brought enough stationery to kit out a school and enough clothes to dress a small village. The poverty and desperate needs were very moving in spite of the happy faces of the children.Overall, we made a mistake going to the Palladium. Since most of the hotels were vast sprawling estates it was probably better than others hotels in Bavaro but it was not a holiday to repeat. You expect more from a 5 star hotel.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2005
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LJK67PD
<Content>Tremendous Vacation My wife and I just returned from the Grand Palladium last evening and there is absolutely no doubt we鈥檙e going back, for longer then seven days; we had the time of our lives. Like many other travelers we were apprehensive about visiting the Dominican Republic because of health issues and bad reviews of some of the properties, but two of our neighbors had been here and loved it so we had feedback we trusted. This vacation and this resort were the most pleasant surprises we have ever had.We booked the trip entirely on Expedia, and having never done that before we were nervous, but I confirmed the reservations a few days before departing and everything went perfectly. Our flight on Continental Airlines was great. Upon arrival our ground transportation from Hotelbeds Inc., the agency Expedia contracts with, was waiting with our name on a sign as promised. The Hotelbeds representative Rene acted as our agent for the entire week and was available all day every day either at the resort or by cell phone. He made it a point to stay in touch with us to be sure we had everything we wanted and needed.The resort is just spectacular. It is big 鈥?actually it鈥檚 enormous, and you will do some walking but the walk is beautiful. For those who do not want to walk there is a train that runs from 10:00 AM to midnight around the entire property. The lawns are beautiful, the gardens are gorgeous, the covered walkways are phenomenally clean; the place is just fantastic. Our room, a junior suite, was in building 55 on the second floor. We had a great ocean view from our balcony. The room was very clean, the beds were very comfortable, and the bathroom was huge with a whirlpool tub for two. The water pressure was great and the hot water instant and endless. The sofa and sitting area were comfortable. And the mini-frig was always stocked with bottled water and a few sodas and a few beers. The rooms do have tile floors, but with the humidity and sand you鈥檙e probably better off. The service was tremendous. I had read some complaints about slow service or poor service for Americans. This simply is not true. And the wrist band color has nothing to do with nationality. It looks more like an indication of your travel agent. We used Expedia were given blue wrist bands, but I met several Americans with yellow bands who used Apple Vacations. I went scuba diving with four German men who used Expedia and were sporting blue bands. Americans are very much in the minority; we were out numbered I鈥檇 guess 20 to 1, but we were honestly treated like royalty. The food was wonderful. Some of it is different; they cook everything well done and some of their meat and poultry has a different flavor, but we were in a different country! If I want a medium rare USDA choice T-bone I鈥檒l stay home and go to Lone Star! The Al-a-carte restaurants were just fantastic and included Italian, Mediterranean, Oriental, Mexican, and Seafood restaurants. Reservations are timed perfectly and there is no wait at all. My wife commented how much that she liked the house wine in the Italian restaurant and the manager gave her a bottle as a gift. The buffets were endless and included everything you could imagine hot and cold.The SCUBA Diving was poor, but we had great luck and had six whales come within ten feet our rather modest boat. This is mating season for the whales so that was beyond exciting. I am an avid diver so I have to be honest and report that I was very disappointed. The reef for the most part is dead. This is not the Palladium鈥檚 fault, the scuba crew was great, but there is just nothing left. The visibility was at best about fifteen feet because of the current. This time of year the wind is very strong and the seas are very rough. I purchased five dives but only made three. Again, this might be seasonal, but to dive in February and March go to Curacao or Honduras. Bottom line this was a fabulous vacation. The resort is beautiful and we were treated like kings. We can鈥檛 wait to go back.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pamcakes0111
<Content>Best Vacation Ever! A friend and I had never been to the DR so we decided to book a trip through Apple and went on their recommendation. Let me say that this hotel is fabulous. When we arrived our bags were driven to our room. The gentleman who drove us to our room was polite and friendly, and even carried our luggage to our room for us. The room? AMAZING! Our suite was literally ON the beach. We had a fresh fruit platter and a full fridge full of goodies waiting for us. These treats weren't just a welcome surprise, but they were replenished daily! One afternoon after devouring all of our coconut, a worker overheard me saying I had a craving for more, and literally got up and climbed a tree to get me my very own coconut. The drinks were incredible and plentiful and the service always with a smile. It really was the best worry-free and no-hassle vacation ever. You truly can relax because everything is taken care of with the all-inclusive package. USA300 (the airline we flew) had friendly flight attendants, better-than-normal food and snacks, and was right on schedule. The only thing I'd say is that the food could be better, but that's to be expected with all of these all-inclusive buffet resorts. Lots of fried food, some very unhealthy but yummy desserts, and always plenty of fruit. My one and only warning: DON'T DRINK THE WATER. Your tour guide will tell you this. Trust him or be prepared for the worst bout of travellers troubles you never dreamed existed. With that said, the water is crystal clear, the people are incredibly hospitable and it's a guaranteed vacation you won't soon forget!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Palladium Bavaro Jan 24th to Jan 31st 2005 Punta Cana Palladium Bavaro Grand Resort And Spa January 24th to January 31st 2005  My wife and I almost canceled this trip 5 times in the month before departure. Between the Malaria and the unknown gastrointestinal problems we had been reading about we really were unsure about going. We have been to Mexico many times with no problems. However after doing some research and with the help of the great people on Debbie鈥檚 Dominican Travel website we decided to go.  Our trip started out rocky, We were using Apple Vacations and USA3000 airlines. We were supposed to depart at 6AM Monday. On the Saturday before and into Sunday AM we had 18 inches of snow. But Monday ( our departure day ) is was a great day. However even though the airport was running mostly on time Apple was backed up due to the fact they had not added any planes to help clear the backlog caused by the snow storm over the weekend. Our flight ended up being delayed 16 hours so our 11AM Monday arrival ended up being 3AM Tuesday. I have trip insurance so I have filed a claim for the delay. Now lets get to the resort.  THE RESORT: Lets get one thing straight this place is massive. The walk from our ocean front room in building 4000 to the main lobby bar was 15 minutes. But the beauty of this place is fantastic. The flowers the plants and the thousands of palm trees are amazing. Everything is neatly kept and constantly being trimmed and maintained. You feel more like you in a beach community than a hotel. Because of it鈥檚 size it never seems crowded even thought when we were there it was full. You can walk around in the evening and not see another person for long periods of time. The size for me was part of the charm, you really need to carry a resort map with you especially at night because you will get lost I did, twice.  THE ROOM: We were in a Jr suite in building 4000. The room was very large, I would have to guess around 700 square feet. As you entered to your right was a sink with a mirror and behind a pocket door was the toilet and a stand up shower, to the left was the closet and safety deposit box. Across from the closet was a 2 person jet tub with windows looking out to the beach. Opposite the tub behind a half wall was a couch that folded into a bed. There was a coffee table a small round dinning table and 2 chairs. There was a credenza with a TV on top and underneath was the coffee maker and a refrigerator fully stocked with soda, water and beer. Across from that was a very large king size 4 post bed covered with netting, a night stand on each side and another table and chair with a mirror for doing make up. The room also had a hair dryer and a full size iron and ironing board. Next to the bed was the balcony looking out to the ocean. The entire wall was made of glass and gave you a great view right from your bed. At night we would leave the sliding door open so we could hear the sound of the waves, and feel the warm breezes.  THE BEACH: Ah the beach. I would have to say it is one of the nicest I鈥檝e been to and I鈥檝e been to a few mostly Mexico. Very natural looking not commercialized like Cancun. There are palm trees right up to the waters edge. The sand is soft and there is plenty of shade if needed. There are enough chairs to go around but you may still want to reserve one with your towel if your not going to the beach early. The beach never seemed crowded because the property is so large. Up the beach from the hotel is a small village you can do some shopping in, some of the stores are on the beach but go behind the stores into the village for the better deals. But be prepared to bargain these guys are good and will rip you off if your not a good negotiator. There are also stores on the hotel property and most items are fairly priced. However incidentals like sun screen, tampons or other things people forget to bring can be very expensive. I鈥檓 talking $20 to $30 dollars in some cases.   THE POOLS: Short comment here because I never used the pools. The are very nice and very large. Some have swim up bars but no one seemed to be using them when we were there. The water seemed cold in the one I checked but not terrible. Also most of the activities at the pools were not done in English, remember Punta Cana is a mainly European destination so you won鈥檛 find a lot of Americans there. But I enjoyed that, you really feel like you are in a foreign country.   THE STAFF: These people were great, YES there is a language barrier but if your paitent and learn a little Spanish you will do fine. Remember this is there country not yours. The Dominicans are great people and it鈥檚 not true that Americans are treated different. Just remember even thought it鈥檚 all inclusive doesn鈥檛 mean you can鈥檛 tip. A couple dollars goes a long way with these people. Tip a waitress at the lobby bar and your drink will never be empty.  THE FOOD: Well I gained 6 pounds in the week I was there so I thought the food was great. The buffets and are large and menu varies everyday. The specialty restaurants were good to we went to Bamboo and the Tex-Mex and both were very good. I have read people complain about the food being bland or repetitive. All I can say is they must have been at a different resort.   THE WEATHER: Well for us the weather could have been better, we had a fair amount of clouds and wind on all but 2 of our 6 days but clouds and 80 degrees I can handle. The ocean was warm but I don鈥檛 think as warm as the water in Cancun and Rivera Maya Mexico. And although the water is a pretty color it鈥檚 not like the water in Cancun and not as clear. You have to remember that Punta Cana is where the Atlantic and Caribbean Oceans meet so the water is more blue green than a turquoise blue.  VALUE: This was a great value for the money. A resort of similar size and amenities in Cancun or Rivera Maya will cost between $400 and $800 more per couple. I know this because I did a lot of research before this trip.   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great time! My wife and 2 kids just returned on Sat after a week's stay here - and we'd go back next week if we could! We thought the food, service and rooms were excellent - we ate at the buffets every night and lunch not bothering with the al a carte and found the kids found something they wanted every night easily. Its a chance to try different foods anyway. Some of the non-Spanish speaking like us occasionally get into trouble - for example, we ordered an apple juice for my son and got a pineapple juice as they thought that was what we asked for - but if you let minor things like that annoy you or cause to complain, you need to stay at home. The room was excellent - the screens in the bathroom wouldn't go up and so we were faced with showering in the full view of everyone - but a call to receptions was made and a maintenance guy came out to figure out our complaint and then fixed it as soon as he understood the problem, all within an hour or so. The cleaner was great and our bar was restocked every day. The kids loved the Kids club - Isabel was really fantastic with the kids and her mini-discos at 8-30 for an hour was the highlight for the kids. The beaches and grounds are immaculate. My only minor complaint was that the night entertainment was not of the highest quality but again, that's not the reason we went there, so no big deal. My advice would be to go there, relax, ignore the dour French folks, let the few people skip lines at the buffet without getting bothered and try to learn a few words of Spanish beforehand. Many of the waiters/staff also spoke German so if you know a few German words - that may do too. We made some friends with some Swiss, Austrian, Canadian, US and British folks there - some of whom we're going to stay in touch with. The Swiss family have been there 3 times now - if they can fly an 11 hour flight with 2 kids that many times, you know its special!!!!   
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Brian874
<Content>Loved the Palladium Bavaro. Would have rated it higher but... ...the food started wreaking havoc with both my and my wife's stomachs by the end of the trip.   Allow me to backtrack. We visited in July 2004 after reading all the good reviews and booking a package via Applevacations and Liberty Travel, flying out of Newark on Continental.   The hotel itself is quite beautiful. Very nice lobby, very pretty grounds, above average hotel rooms. I travel a lot on business and have stayed at everything from Ritz-Carltons and Four Seasons to Ramadas and Best Westerns. You can't have the same expectations for an all-inclusive caribbean hotel that you would have for a Four Seasons...it's just not a fair comparison. But, I can say that for the type of hotel it is and the price you pay, it is fantastic.  Since my wife is 1/2 Dominican and 1/2 Puerto Rican, we were both looking forward to the strange food you see people complain about in these reviews. Overall, the food was good and plentiful. Not poor, not excellent, but good to very good. Again, perspective. It's an all-inclusive, it's mostly buffets, they're cooking in such quantities I didn't expect culinary masterpieces. But if you open your mind, I can't imagine anyone going hungry.  Now, that being said, I did get a bad case of the runs at the very end of the trip. I don't know what exactly I ate, but it starting affecting my wife too. In retrospect, I probably should have skipped the fresh fruits, as I know that's frequently a culprit. The only other negative on the trip is that the pool just was never skimmed enough...a lot of stuff floating in it all the time.  But all in all we had a great time and you can't beat the price! The staff were wonderful, and I had no problems at all being American. Was it hard to communicate in English sometimes? Yes! Is English the official language of the DR? No!!! Learn some Spanish phrases and try to use THEIR language...they really appreciate it, and I can't blame them. (How would you like it if you worked in an American resort and Spaniards started speaking Spanish at you expecting you to know it?!)  My guess is that anyone who complains about negative treatment due to speaking English or being American only had those complaints because they embodied the negative American stereotype and were loud, crass, and demanding. Act nice, be respectful, and appreciate their language and their people, and I'm sure the favor will be returned.   Overall, I would recommend this resort and would likely return at some point.   
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just Returned Our group of 7 returned last evening from a week of sun and sand. The flight was great and arrived early. We also departed earlier than scheduled but your at the airport early anyway so not a problem. It's about a 40 min. bus ride from the airport to the Resort. The Resort is so beautiful and lush and very clean..so many folks work so hard to keep it this way and they are all so kind even though they speek no English or very little in most cases. The rooms are beautiful and large and the Maid who I tipped $3 a day and a small gift was excellent! Finding a chair at the beach was no problem although it is very windy and quite rough most days. The pool bars are beautiful and well maintained although the water is a bit cold. It's not hard to find chairs there pretty much anytime. The most important item to bring with you is an INSULATED MUG!! It keeps the ice much longer, the sand out of your drink and no matter the size, they will refill it for you. For me, the most difficult thing to find every day was bottled water. I collected a beach bag full for my room each day from various bars as the maids won't leave more than 2 or 3 bottles and you CAN NOT DRINK THE TAP WATER!! Don't use it to brush your teeth or make coffee either. There are many beautiful, elaborate buffets to choose from but our group found the food, although beautifull presented, very bland and tasteless. This would be my only complaint. There is a huge variety but I found only the freshly cooked items, done by a chef near each buffet, to be in any way tasty. There are huge salad bars, but recomend taking your own dressing..theirs in nasty. The one saving grace is the selection of fresh fruit, breads, and deserts. Would I go back..No. The food issue would deter me. Keep your map handy too, as the resort is huge and very Maze-Like..bring comfortable shoes, LOTS of small bills ($1) for tipping if you feel you want to, and don't forget the insulated mug!!!  
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lin7604
<Content>a little disapointed. We had planned this vacation for 6 months, read all the reviews, so i was planning to have an excellent trip. Well most of it was great including the room, pool, beach, lobby, and a la carte rest. The major disapointment was the food and the amount of europeans. there was hardly no english spoken ( by the staff espesially), and not very many americans or canadians here to be seen or heard. The food was very repeaitive and bland ( most of it looked gross). For a 4+ resort we expected better, as this is not our first time travelling all inclusive and been to other resorts in the d.r. and had no comparison to these other resorts ( which some were of lesser star raitings). Any meal you went to pretty much consisted of the same stuff with the exception to dinner they would throw in a few different items for the  theme dinner, and no fresh squeesed o.j. in the a.m. Over all if the food was better it would of made in 2 week stay a lot more enjoyable, so i give it a 7.5 / 10.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fun time I stayed at the palladium in may of 2004, had a pretty good time thanks to the staff and the people i met there. The friend i took ended up being a stick in the mud. The food was not the greatest they need to spice things up alot, very blan. Although you can always get grilled stuff to order. there salad dressing consisted of just thousand island yuk! But overall everything else was top notch.yes i would go back, just take someone you know you can handle a week or so with.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our 2nd trip here My husband and I just returned from our second trip to the Grand Palladium on January 30th. Last January we took our 3 kids and we had such a great time, we had to come back. Our children (ages 14, 11 and 6) have not forgiven us for leaving them behind, they knew what they were missing.The grounds of the Palladium are gorgeous, beautiful foliage everywhere. We love the many palms and shrubs on the beach. We walked up and down the beach 3 miles each way and never found a resort that compared. That is what brought us back to the Palladium, the beauty of it.We enjoyed the variety of food, and 7 out of 5 nights we dined at the Cathedral buffet (last year all 7 nights.) There was always something good, my husband LOVED the pasta bar, I enjoyed finding new foods I'd never eaten. Great selection of deserts. Hubby and I each gained 5 pounds, we are not used to eating such large meals. I had heard only poor reviews of El Arrecife but we found the food to be good, very good desert and excellent service.Presidente beer was much enjoyed by my husband. The margaritas in the lobby are made strong (a good thing), chi-chis were also good. Next time, I would bring an insulated cup to the beach to keep the frozen lemonade cold.Because this was our second visit, we were upgraded from a Jr. Suite to a Romance Suite. I would not have paid extra for this room (it had an attached windowless hut with mayan shower and hammock that wasn't used much because of the lack of light) it was very nice, and from the patio we had a view of the ocean. The bathrooms are very spacious. It is a large resort, so be prepared to walk, there is a train that can get you around; however, the walking will do you good after ingesting all the extra calories.Just a note about tipping: We tipped our housekeeper $2 each day. I tried tipping the waitstaff at the buffet thinking it would help to get my wine glass refilled, it didn't work. I would wait til the end of my vacation and tip those that provided the best service.Wrist bands: yellow does not brand you American, there were a couple other nationalities wearing yellow. It does show that you are traveling with Apple vacations.There have been many updates to the resort since last January, the lobby has had some changes, also, a new disco, new theater opening just a few days after we departed, new restaurants. Changes to the old disco and theater will take place soon.This trip we did not take any excursions, but last year enjoyed two. The Outback Safari was a memorable trip, a chance to see the gorgeous countryside, a farm, school house, boogeyboarding. I highly recommend. We also did what they call James Bond style boats for snorkeling, it was fair, you must all go in a line, and there is lots of waiting around. We brought our own mask and snorkel, which I recommend.You are welcome to email me with any questions, I'll try to answer them.Enjoy your vacation.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't go here This place is horrible, food sucks, rooms stink, and there are bugs all over the rooms. Pork is not supposed to have pig skin and hair on it! you don't want to see big bugs, and smell mildew while making love. the resort was trash, but the island is nice.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Other points My fiance and I went for seven nights to the Palladium Grand and enjoyed our trip at the resort and seeing the country. There are a few points that may not have been brought up in other reviews I would like to bring up. I found the people to be very kind and appreciative both on and off the resort no matter what country you might be from. I was surprised others commented on how they were treated poorly because they were American. First, I highly recommend the Outback Safari excursion; this company builds schools and homes for the community, it is another way for us to give to the community. The day was a lot of fun and we loved being able to see the country and the culture. If you go and can bring school supplies for the children to pass out they would love it. I brought pencils and wish I had many more to give. There is a bar at the Palladium near Bamboo that looks exclusive but it is for all guests while it is open around dinner till 10:30 pm. The bartender, Bernise, is very nice and would love more company in there. I think people thought it was only if you went to the restaurant and we were in there every evening before the shows hanging out. Tell him Hola from Jackie and Matt if you goFinally, use the whole resort to eat and hang out at the pools. We were at different pools throughout our trip and it was nice even if we had to eat at the buffet to have the variety in the scenery at different buffets. Feel free to roam and ride the train around to see the full resort.Wish we were there right now!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>VancouverPimp
<Content>Unbeatable Been to Punta Cana 6 times and this is the best resort we've stayed at. Access to 3 resorts, 13 resturants, 16 bars! Service is amazing, rooms are top notch, food is good and the beach is to die for. Highly recommend this resort!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Palladium was wonderful Ok, First off, coming to such a beautiful place was amazing!!! The beaches were absolutley beautiful, and the grounds of the Resort were very well maintained and beautiful, flowers of all sorts and colors just sprouting everywhere!! It was like walking through a paradise! Unless you are an extremely uptight person, who doesn't know how to relax and needs absolute perfection, I strongly recommend this place. ( I can't believe some of the bad reviews I have read about this place!! SO NOT TRUE!!) There were 6 of us in our group aged 23-27. We only did one excursion called the party raft-you get to go snorkling and all the drinks were included for about $60. The guys on this boat were SOO much fun. They kind of reminded me of Jamaicans-so laid back and friendly! warning: Go EASY on the sex on the boat drinks they mix up after you are done snorkeling!!!! We got extremely intoxicated off of these and my boyfriend and I found ourselves throwing up later that night!! We found that being young AND American was definatley in the minority. We found out that the yellow bracelets were Americans who booked through Apple vacations, and the blue bracelets were from other countrys like Canada or Europe. VERY helpful to remember a few spanish phrases-you will be glad you did!!! Not everybody speaks english here....however some are very good. It was fun to try to talk to them though.The Tex-Mex Restaurant was EXCELLENT!!! We couldn't get enough of it!!! The Spanish Restaurant was very poor -DONT GO!!! The food for the most part at the buffets was NOT bad!!!! Yes, American food definately tastes better, but there was ALWAYS something good to eat here. We decided that the American food is just way more flavorful and seasoned. The Dominican cheese is a little bit greasy. None of us got sick at all!!! We were all surprised that no one got sick after reading other reviews.One thing that we really spent a lot of time in was the Sports Bar. They had excellent nachos, you could order burgers and fries, pizza, and the ice cream was great! Alberto works in the sports bar....we tipped him well our first night and he treated us like kings the rest of the week....He's a great waiter!!! The majority of the workers here were sooo friendly. You can tell that they all enjoy their jobs....they walk around singing, smiling and dancing....it is just fun to be around that! Tips go a long way here....and they really do appreciate it....I brought $50 in $1 bills and the rest in 5's and 10's. This was perfect! They will not break a bill into smaller denominations and give you change (Unless you go to the casino or get it in pesos) before we got to our resort, we drove through town-it was sad to see how these people live, and then we arrive at this resort just down the road that looks like paradise. (before I forget- if you do go to the casino, watch your chips close!! My boyfriend was playing 3 card poker for only about 1/2 hour, and the dealer tried to short him 3 different times!!!)We found that we had to get out early to save a beach chair. There were always a few available, but we needed 6 of them, and that was hard to find at times. The sun is so hot here. Wear sunscreen!!! It was a lot cooler out by the beach with the breeeze. If you go to the flea market, DO NOT pay what they first tell you. I bought some beautiful larimar jewelry there, and got it for almost 1/4 of the price he started with. We went to the market early in the morning, but I wished we would have waited till it was more busy, it seemed like a lot more people were trying to sell to us. so we just left.all in all, excellent resort. we were all very pleased. Our rooms were always very clean. a little more night life would have been better, but we were all there to relax anyway so that was fine with us. Bugs-not many at all. Our travel agent told us about a malaria outbreak from people who went horseback riding in the jungle(we were told this was early in December)....just avoid the mosquito areas like the jungle! The resort was draining all of their goldfish pools to avoid mosquitos But just so you know about that-because I don't know if many travel companys have been telling their customers. We checked the CDC website about this. When you first get off the plane there, it helps to have a pen and your $10 for your tourist card ready. Moves a lot faster. and your FLIP FLOPS and sunglasses!! anyway, great time and I would love to revisit!!!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time Just a very short review. Our family of 11 ages 14 to 70 had a very enjoyable 5 nights over Christmas. We would go there again.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>priyar
<Content>Wow! My husband and I just returned from it's sister resort, Palladium Palace and all I can say is wow! We were upgraded to the Royal Suites and the service and perks were awesome.. The beach is absolutely breath taking!The food was good at the buffets but we were not very impressed with the A la Carte restaurants. They completely went all out for the New Year's feast!! (Unfortunately I was unable to take photos of the dinner at New Year's and would appreciate anyone that can send me some..)Service was great, not one complaint. Would we return? Without a doubt!!In the event that you stay at the Royal Suites, make a point to say hello to Domingo at the pool bar and ask him for one of his especial.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>columbia22
<Content>Beautiful Beach, Grounds and Hotel. Food is Average. My fiance and I just returned from a 6 day stay at the Palladium. We are both 26 years old and from New York. I read a lot of reviews before booking this vacation, so I hope this can be helpful to anyone who may read it. Hotel and Rooms:Beautiful lobby that is full of action, especially at night. I was worried about the ROH rooms before we left so we upgraded to a JUNIOR SUITE - DO IT! If possible, get the Romance Suite, but most definately upgrade to a junior suite. The bathroom was one of the cleaniest I have ever seen in a hotel. The beds and pillows do smell a little moldy, but throw an extra tee-shirt over the pillow and you should be fine (though take them off before the maid cleans). It is the Caribbean - and the humidity is high. Keep the air and fan on all day.Grounds:The hotel is HUGE which does have it's Pros and Cons. The Pros are that you can walk around and explore, sit at different pools everyday, etc. The Cons are that the hotel holds a lot of people and if you are looking for a quiet, private vacation, this is not the place. Pools:I should mention that we were there to relax and that's about it. We did not take any excursions and didn't take the train to the other two hotels. We were at the Palladium Pool everyday as the beach was too windy for us, but we noticed the other two pools were very nice. The Palladium Pool was closest to our room, and if you want a little hut, be sure to get there no later than 7am. Food:Let me start by saying that we are not picky eaters, and maybe it is because we are from New York, but the Food was NOT up to our standards. We know that island cooking is differnet from the states, and that a large number of guests are from Europe and Canada. However, we personally would not go back simply because of the food.But, if you are going - don't be too scared, here is some advice:TEX-MEX- if you like mexican food, this is your place. the Guacamole is some of the best i've ever had. Also, the chicken fajitas are good, and the buffalo wings (just fried chicken really, but they're good)We saved this restaurant to the last night, and i'm sorry we did because we would have gone there more than once. It was the only terrific meal we had.SPAINISH - beware of what you order - we thought the Crackling Pork sounded like a good idea, so we both ordered it - only to discover that they serve it with the PIG SKIN and HAIR on it. I am assuming it is customary, but needless to say neither of us ate it. The garlic shrimp appetizer and the sausage in red wine is good - but just greasy - blot them on the napkin and you'll be good to go.El AFFECIFE - not sure if that's the spelling, but it's the fish al a carte place. It was ok.ASIAN - it was also just ok. The menu looked promising - if you are used to good chinese or thai food you might be let down.Overall, if you go in with an open mind, you will be able to find things to eat. Every morning we had omlettes at the Cathedral, and the Sports Bar for lunch -- Cheese fries and soft serve ice cream got us though the afternoon. The pizza there isn't great, but we ate it because we were hungry.DRINKS:Presidente is the Tap Beer - it's NOT BAD! Bohemia is in the bottle. Presidente is better.PinaColda are good - go easy on them - coconut milk is a natural laxative. Bahama Mama's are sweet but good - try it at least. If you want something not as sweet, get a Chi-Chi - it's made with orange juice and i can't remember what else, but they're good for a change of pace.GETTING SICK:We were FINE! I do not have the strongest stomach, but I am not lying when I say I had not one problem the entire trip. We drank and brushed our teeth with only bottled water, and played it safe with the food. Everything in moderation is always a good rule of thumb. PEOPLE:We loved that there were not many Americans at this hotel. We spoke to one other couple from the US, but other than that, everyone we met was from Canada. We met an Austrian couple who were fabulous, and I finally got to put my high school and college German to work. My fiance spoke to a few Italian men as well. On the whole, if you are friendy, people will be friendly right back. That philosophy includes the people who work at the hotel. TIPS:We left $2 a day for the maid - no flowers or swan towels for us, but she cleaned and that is all we wanted.We pretty much gave eveyone a dollar when we'd order from them, and we made friends with two waiters who we gave more. We were not throwing money around like crazy, but we felt it was just the nice thing to do. The poverty in this country is so great, that every little bit helps, and it made us feel good to help out these hardworking people.One more thing - GET THE MASSAGE ON THE BEACH - it was the best $30 I spent the entire trip. Have Fun and feel free to email with any questions.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChicagoSSTraveler
<Content>A must return resort!! Hi everyone, our group of 25 just returned from the palladium grand resort and it was a magnificent experience. Jan 12-16th. We had a variety of age groups ranging from 25-78 and all had positive responses. We frequently travel with a large group and try to find the best spots for our money. This trip was a highlight of the past 4 outings.The check in process was none painful only 1 room was not available, great start. The rooms were large spacious and the airconditioning was ok for the temperature. Opening the patio door for a breeze was better!Bathrooms with double sinks, separate shower and whirlpool tubs beautiful, the roman room had an additional area with sitting area shower and hamack. The food varied from resturant to resturant but there was something for all, I strongly suggest trying as many buffets as you can. The best was Los Torres!! All dishes cooked and seasoned for perfection. Not much time when a meal is unavailable. Only 2 of 25 had any intestinal problems. Do not drink the water, bottle water is best even to brush and rinse. Immodium is a good travel companion, back to normal in the next 24 hours.The wait staff were ready to assist, even with the language barrier they made every attempt to fill your request. The daily housekeeping was done late in the day which was ok with us, but you have to ask for additional face towels. The activity directors have way too much energy and will get you to do things you haven't done in years!!The beach was clean and beautiful but the water was slightly rough good for boogie borading I heard but hard to swim, drifted out quickly while snokling. Pool water cool, great to jump in to cool down. No shortage of drinks or bars. The day excursions were fun like boating try the James Bond tour, like a party don't miss the party boat with snorkling!Only mishap, 2 bags not getting to the airport on the return transport bus. Make sure you bags get on your bus. Cost $22 for cab to bring bags. The bags did make our flight!!Don't let anyone spoil your experience it's not home don't make the comparisons. If your want everything like home stay there. Enjoy the culture and differences.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not for us! Food is important! My boyfriend and I just returned from the Paladium Bavaro Grand Resort and Spa. Our experienced was mixed. Overall, the service was exellent, the staff being pleasant and always aiming to please. Our room was newely renovated and nicely appointed with a jacuzzi etc. We had some initial problems with the air conditioning and the fridge but they were taken care of immediately. The grounds were well taken care of and the pools and beach area were lovely.Now to the disappointments: Yes, there was an abundance of food, but it was mediocre at best! We had dinner at Cathedral the first night and were suprised at how unappetizing most things looked. Not to mention the multiple roaches crawling up the grill station. Dinner at the a la carte' restaruants, El Arrecife and La Gran Cantina Mariachi proved to be just as disappointing. My boyfriend ordered the Chilean sea bass and was given a mistery fish in what appeared to be a ketchup based sauce. I ordered the beef barrito and had to surf for the morsel of grounded beef trapped in a swirling mound of tough dough. The salad bars in these two restaurants were a tad better when you exclude the microscopic shrimp. The mixed drinks could be palatable but were inconsistent and the house wines were amazingly horrible...wines from the menu were overly expensive. I would stick to the beer.This was our first time at an all-inclusive and it is clearly not for us. We like the freedom to eat when and where we like and certainly to have access to a variety of cuisines. Obviously, this is not possible in a place like Punta Cana, which has no downtown.We like to exercise when on vacation, however, the gym was not as pictured on the website. This is a blatant deception, it is clearly a gym somewhere else. The room is a fraction of the size with two treadmills (one was broken and the other worked haphazardly), two bikes and a stairmaster and the weight machines were old, rusty and musty. There were also no towels provided. Finally, we did not like the idea of tagging guests like cattle. The use of a guest card might be a better choice. We made the best of the bad food and had a good time together but, we will not be returning.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A couple of thoughts on the Palladium Bavaro. I appreciated reading all of the reviews from all they other folks, so I thought I would share a few items as well. My wife and I just returned from the Palladium Bavaro from a four day / three night stay. A couple of items that are still fresh in memory.- We used an agent from 1877femtrip named Irene to book the trip. Their website is a bit confusing so I made a phone call. We got a really good deal on an all-inclusive package with Apple Vacations. Irene was very helpful.- Once we got to the Punta Cana airport, Apple representatives were there to help coordinate transportation to the resorts. There are many different resorts so make sure you鈥檙e on the correct bus. There was quite a bit of confusion with some of our fellow vacationers, and one group who boarded our bus did so in error. The Apple driver / guide did drive them to their hotel regardless.- I saw a lot of the posts regarding the color-coding of the wristbands. Though the hotel staff told me that mine meant I was a VIP (yeah right), it became clear that they are arranged by country of origin. Americans yellow, Canadians blue, etc. Americans were clearly the minority down there. Probably one out of ten if I had to put a number on it.- The property was beautiful and beautifully maintained. Our room, a junior suite, was in perfect condition. The air conditioner cooled to 70 degrees. The housekeeping staff starting making up rooms at an appropriate hour. The mini bar is a joke. Two beers, two waters, and a few sodas. Restocked every third day or something. Clean linens, towels, bathroom.- Be careful with using the phone from the resort. Very expensive. I rented a global cell phone from cellhire. They ship it out overnight so you receive it the day prior to your departure and include a return prepaid fedex envelope. This isn鈥檛 cheap either 鈥?but if you鈥檙e going to pay $20 a day to make one or two phone calls home regardless, I figured we would have the convenience of having a cell phone.- Service overall with the wait staff was very good. Sometimes they were checking on us every 5 minutes to see if you needed another drink. A couple times they were obviously a little short handed. They were always very polite. Contrary to some of the other reviews, our experience was that about half of the staff did not speak much English at all. Not really a big deal. We were always able to get what we needed.- If you are leaving for the Dominican Republic anytime soon, and plan on leaving the resort to tour other areas, you may want to ask your doctor about Malaria prevention medication. We had no idea how bad it got down there after the hurricanes 鈥?- The little 鈥渟upermarket鈥?store down there, while convenient, did have some overpriced items. I didn鈥檛 do the math (converting from pesos) on paperback and a disposable camera, and the two wound up costing $60 USD.- Make reservations early for the individual restaurants. They book quickly. If you have to eat at the buffets, believe me there are plenty of different foods to eat. Huge selection. It was good food 鈥?it鈥檚 all a little different down there. Pizza tastes a little sweet as if there is a tiny bit of sugar in it. Red meats are more scarce and not of the same quality. Fish, poultry and pork were excellent. They cook a lot with egg. Strange seeing egg in pasta dishes, etc.- The casino is in a neighboring village accessible by a 10 minute train (really a trolley) ride that takes vacationers between resorts. The casino is very small 鈥?about three blackjack tables, maybe one or two setup for Caribbean poker, and a dozen slot machines. Fun though. I had heard that they messed with the odds. I found that to be false. Blackjack still paid out 3:2 with all of the normal rules you would see in a multi-deck Atlantic City game. Small stakes. $5 min / $100 max all around.- If you can afford to and the service is good, tip well. Most of these folks make around $150 USD a month.In all we had a great time. Hope you do to.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tlgs
<Content>Great resort December 26 - January 2, 2005We just returned from a week at the Palladium Bravaro Grand in Punta Cana. The resort was wonderful and we had a great time and would stay there again.Our RoomOur room was a romance suite in bungalow 30, right at the beach. The room had a king-sized bed, living room, large marble bath (2 person whirlpool, shower, toilet, double sink). We also had an outside shower and hammock located in an attached thatched-roof room. The thatched-roofed room had only one dim light so it wasn't good for laying on the hammock to read. We also had an outside patio (we were on ground floor) that faced a large fountain and gardens. At first we were a bit disappointed that our room didn't face the beach, but decided in the long run we were better off as it does get quite windy in the afternoon and we could comfortably sit on our patio without the wind. The room contained a refrigerator, coffee pot, safe, iron, blow dryer and cable television. It was cleaned well each day by a delightful maid.Resort AreaThe resort area is quite large. Upon arrival you get a map of the resort area. You can walk to all of the other areas, or take the trolley that travels throughout the day and evening. We enjoyed rididng around and seeing all of the parts of the resort. I would recommend doing this early in your trip so you have an idea of what is there. The hotel staff doesn't really explain too much so you need to ask if you have questions or visit with your tour operator (ours had a desk there with daily hours). We aren't afraid to check things out so found many fun surprises!BeachThe beach is beautiful -- abundant white sand and palm trees. People do practice the daily routine of placing their towels on the chairs fairly early in the morning. We put ours out before we went to breakfast and they were always there when we returned. The beach gets very windy in the afternoon and we learned that the best weather tended to be morning to early afternoon. You always have the option of placing your chairs in the tree area to avoid the wind. The wind and clouds were the only mild disappointments we had with the entire trip. We asked fellow repeat travelers if this was common, and they said it had not usually been that windy on previous stays.The FoodWe found the food to be wonderful. My husband wasn't thrilled with the food at our last all-inclusive in Mexico, so he was pleasantly surprised. There is a large variety at all meals and I can't imagine not finding many things to eat. We did take advantage of the three opportunities to eat at the ala carte restaurants (Arricefe, Mare Nostrum and El Bejique) and especially enjoyed Mare Nostrum and El Bejique. You can eat at many different buffet restaurants and they all have different personalities. The staff is very helpful and we felt, for the most part, highly organized.The DrinksDrinks are available at the beach and pool bars during the day and in the lobby and and restaurants. EntertainmentWe went to a few children's shows and to several evening shows. We thought they were fun. Some were more professional, and others were put on by the children and staff. If you don't go to the disco or casino there isn't much to do in the evening, so this is a nice alternative. There are several ampitheaters so you have to check and find out what is where. Again, this is an area that might be improved a bit. You are sort of on your own to discover some of these fun activities.PoolsWe are beach people so didn't go to the pools to swim, but did walk around several of them. They were very pretty. We did try to get a chair at one late one afternoon, and they were all taken. The GroundsThe grounds are beautifully maintained. They are not without abundant help. The grass, trees, flowers, are well-manicured.ShoppingWe browsed at the resort shops. They have some essential items (snacks, drug-store items, some liquor). We found most of the prices way out of line. They wanted $40 US for a paperback book! But, if you needed something, they probably had it. We did take a cab ($5 US) to the town plaza one morning. Be prepared. The vendors know you are at an all-inclusive due to your wrist band. They will approach you, but politely back off if you indicate you are not interested. Those we bargained with were very nice.The AirportThe airport is a bit crazy but not unlike many in smaller countries that try to accommodate many people at one time. They hand seach all luggage so be prepared for long lines if you are traveling at peak times.Overall, we felt this was a tremendous resort and a good value. We would return and stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice resort, beautiful beaches, service has room to grow. I visited the hotel this January with a group of 6 couples all of us are in mid 20鈥檚. The hotel setting is the beautiful, beaches are clean and the weather was nice. Over whole we all had good time, except two complains.One:Staff does not speak English, and I don鈥檛 mean the cleaning ladies and the gardening crew. Bartenders and waiters in the restaurants do not speak English.I don鈥檛 expect them to recite Shakespeare, but they should at least be able to understand you when you ask for a cup of tea. Don鈥檛 get me wrong a couple of bucks breaks the language barrier, nevertheless I would expect them to have better knowledge of English.TwoKnowledge of most of the bartenders does not go past pino-colada, and coco-loco. And even if they knew how to make other drinks they can鈥檛 do it because bars are stock very poorly. I don鈥檛 expect to be served top shelf liquor in those places but how can you have a bar that doesn鈥檛 have juices. Try to order a drink when bar doesn鈥檛 have orange, cranberry, pineapple or tomato juice. How many drinks can you make without those ingredients? However humans are adaptive creatures and after a couple of days you settle on the 鈥淐oco-loco mas mas roma.鈥?br/>Over whole If you are not picky about your drinks and ready to spear couple of bucks to break the language barrier I would recommend this hotel, and would visit it again.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dansi
<Content>We loved Grand Palladium Bavero Hi,My husband and I really enjoyed Grand Pallidium,the junior suite was great to stay in,the people were very friendly,and the food was great,the weather super, we had a little rain,and it was dry in no time at all,the sun was hot,just do not leave your towel on the beach.we lost one towel when we went for lunch.other than that,it is a great place to be..we will be back. Viola ..Alta. Canada  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The D.R. is wicked / We had a blast A group of 5 friends all in our mid 20's stayed at the palladium from Dec. 15 to Dec. 23, 2004. We booked our trip with Transat vacations and flew out of Edmonton, AB.Front desk; easy to talk to, friendly, helpful and they spoke good english. check in and check out very easy, 10 min. each, we had some problem with the power in one of our rooms, we told the desk and by the time we returned to our room it was fixed.Rooms; we had deluxe rooms and they were very nice and clean. Our bar was stocked every 2 days. If you need more water you can get bottles of it everywhere around the resort, and they would hand you 5 or 6 at a time if you wanted.Pools; all very nice and clean, we spent most of our time at the main pool lots of chairs the 5 of us had no problem sitting together at anytime of the day.Beach; beautiful white sand, warm blue / green water, again lots of seats at all hours of the day.sports; beach volley-ball, tennis, table tennis and lots of activities by the pool everyday.Tours; we went on two tours booked through Jane our transat rep. The first was Bavaro Runners all day tour about $80.00 US. This takes you around the parts of the Dominican that you don't see at the resort.You make a lot of stops and you drink a lot of rum, kids chase you when you pass through the village so take some candy to give them and you will see their eyes light up. I would recommend this tour it is an eye opener.The 2nd was the Kitiki snorkel and party boat. 1/2 day trip about $70.00US. you snorkel for about 45 min. ( very nice a lot of colourful fish )then you go back on this big boat play games, dance and drink a lot of rum. I would recommend this tour also, but if you want to snorkel more than party this may not be for you.Staff; I have to make a point about this, in some review's a had read people said that they did not get treated well by the staff, that group of staff must have been on day's off when we went, not one bad experience they could speak good english ( keep in mind these people can speak 10 plus languages ) they are high energy and a lot of fun to be around.It is hard to tip, so many people serving you, at the end of our stay we went and found 5 or 6 people we thought went the extra mile for us and gave them some nice tips.Outside the resort; some of us went out to a club in a near by village, It was a lot of fun. No one spoke english and none of us speak spanish, but we could order drinks and find the washroom thats all we needed.They treated us well and we had no trouble. Side note if you are in a club outside the resort and you think that you pick up a local girl, just wait because she may come with a price tag ( just so you know )Sports bar; open 10am to 6am, food and drinks, makes a great meeting place, side note the pool bar opens at 8am, yep only 2hrs a day that you can't get booze. Life is good in the D.RFood, A lot to chose from, you can always find something to fill your belly, if you are looking for Keg type steak and Mcdonalds burgers, go to a different country because it is different.Topless girls  guys in speedos, Just so you know you see lots of it, some not so nice, some very nice.....All 5 of us had the best trip ever, 5 stars for sure, we can't wait to go back. Go with a good group of people and you will have a great time.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Palladium Bavaro Grand Resort  Our yearly family trip is always a much anticipated occasion because that is the only time that we all get to spend uninterrupted, quality family-time together.This year we chose a 5 Star Resort in Punta Cana, Dominican Republic, The Grande Palladium Bavaro and Spa, for that special trip.On the internet, the room description said, 鈥淭ropical d茅cor and dark-wood furniture.鈥?Upon arrival, what we saw was scratched and filthy. The bright colored upholstery was covered with mildew. The white-tile floors were more like gray/green and black with mold. The marble sinks were chipped and the 鈥渟hower-tub combo鈥?was so discolored that I hardly wanted to bathe. The little and dirty TV had no remote control (5-star???), the room smelled of mold and mildew, as did the air-conditioner, which barely chugged out any cool, fresh air. On the beds, there was one pillow each, composed of lumps of some mildewed material. The mini-bar, which was supposed to be stocked with drinks, was a small, old rusted out refrigerator badly in need of defrosting, which incidentally was empty. Needless to say, we were sorely disappointed. If a resort has 鈥渦n-drinkable tap water,鈥?they should provide drinkable fluids in room. When we expressed the poor condition of the room to the hotel staff and the Apple representative we were told 鈥淵ES, this happens all the time!鈥?They managed to waste six hours of our first day showings us several standard rooms, all in the same poor condition, and agreeing the rooms were in bad shape. The only way we could get a clean, mold-free room was to pay for an upgrade, to the tune of $30 per person, per day!The grounds, pools, and beach were nice, but the drinks and food were average to the family. The place was sadly misrepresented, and I think that we were deprived of having even a Standard Room. The room would compare to something found at only the cheapest motel in the United States. We feel that even a 鈥渟tandard room鈥?at a 5 star resort  spa should be held to a minimum standard, obviously not what we got.Serious concerns:1.Overall condition of the rooms: a. Mold and Mildew on bed spreads, pillows, furniture, floors, even lamp shades b. Abused furniture in very poor condition, broken lamps, scarred TVs c. Very unclean bathrooms, mildew in grouts, chipped porcelain, stained toilets, etc  d.Smelly stained mattresses, clearly visible e. Rusted un-stocked 鈥渕ini-bar鈥?resting on a wood 2x4, in need of defrosting f. Chipped and water stained walls, missing ceiling boards, dingy paint g. Insufficient A/C, missing control knob, ran constantly, stayed very warm2. Resort Staff and Apple Representatives were mostly nice, but were not willing to correct the situation, except for an exorbitant upgrade fee. Did not characterize a 5-Star resort. Apple Rep stated that it is a common problem which happens multiple times daily. And it was our responsibility to research our room before coming, and our travel agent should have informed us of the poor quality of the rooms. For the record we did research the Apple site, and nothing stated the poor quality of the rooms, plus a 5-Star resort is supposed to be held to a higher standard, to eliminate the concern of getting a cheap, worn out, and abused room.3.Food and Beverage: a. Food was bland, mass produced buffet, of fair quality, with an attempt at presentation b. al la carte meals were better, but lacking better items such as steaks, lobster, shrimp c. Beverage quality was really poor. We were anticipating enjoying the many inclusive drinks such as daiquiri鈥檚, pina colada鈥檚, etc but what we got were nearly un-stomach able renditions or the real thing. Maybe 1 in 5 mixed drinks could be consumed. At dinner the wine was not fit to be drunk. Merely vinegar, tinted red, we were however offered a wine list for an additional fee. The money we spent for the privilege of 鈥渁ll-inclusive鈥?we ended up having to drink a few, cheap domestic beers 鈥淧residente.鈥?Which fortunately for us was not bad.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>deepwaterqueen
<Content>Enjoyable vacation Dec 15-23 had an enjoyable relaxing week at the Royal suites-which are only approx 8weeks old. Good sized rooms, coffee maker, beer, and soft drinks, robes, special toiletries. Georgeous ocean view. Large air conditioned lobby with free internet access and lounge with snacks.Beautiful large private pool with swim up bar. Area very close to ocean and a shopping area on the beach. Beach was just incredible. Service in the Royal suites lounge and pool bar was hit and miss, but if you mentioned any concerns to management they were addressed immeaditely-because of the newness they were still experiencing growing pains with the staff and procedures. The rest of the hotel complex was very nice, clean and as mentioned in other reviews the complex is huge - we often walked down the beach as a short cut. It was never very long of a wait if you wanted to take the train. Mealswere fine-not gourmet but tasty, lots of variety-service in the resturantswas also hit and miss, but nothing serious. I would go back to this resort but found that the service in general was only average and not premium as I would have expected. They say that they are working on it and I am sure that they are.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>les1112
<Content>A little dissapointed! Just arrived home last night. I was so excited to be going here but feel a little dissapointed. I think that probably the only real thing I would change is the food. My family loves to eat but we are used to good old home cooking, which was completly lacking. We all did get sick at one time or another though so this probably has affected our feelings about the food(family of 5). We had junior suites and the rooms were very nice and always kept clean. I had read in an earlier review to bring a candle and I wish that I had. The rooms smelled very musty and the air conditioning will not cool the room to any less than 24 degrees celcius so the room was very humid and always about 76 degrees. NOt very comfortable for sleeping. The ocean was absolutely beautiful the beach was always clean and never was stinky at all. We never had a problem finding chairs at anytime of day on the beach or at the pool. The pool was very clean and warm. No complaints on the pool or the ocean. The staff was nice and willing to be helpful. I would definately recommend Apple vacations. They were great. They were in the lobby everyday and avaiable to answer questions, help with problems,(we did not have any) and they booked our excursions for us. So glad we had them to go to. We took the outback safari which was great take the tour. My husband and one daughter went deep sea fishing. Had great fun but take the dramimine. My oldeset and youngest daughter took the Marinarium trip They were not to impressed. Turned into a drinking party after the short snorkeling part of the trip, really not fun for my 13 year old. So probabley really fun if you want to party with the booze on the ocean. There were not really any fish to see and the sharks and stingrays are in cages. Be prepared to make your own fun or to sign up for the activities that they offer at the resort because the kids were lacking some fun things to do. Stop in to the sports bar and talk to Alberto he is great , tell him that his amigo Richard says hi. He took us off the resort to the shopping plaza. We were glad to have him escort us because he kept the riff raff from bothering us while we were shopping and he would let us know if it was a good deal or not. He was a great guy. Stop and see him he works 7 days a week from 4 pm. to 12 midnight.There is an eariler post about the wrist bands, someone said that you were sorted by country which is not true at least if you are staying at the Grand Palladium The bands were gold signifiing you could have access to all 3 resorts and were of drinking age. My 13 year old had a band that was a fushia color saying she was too young to drink. If you have any questions feel free to contact me at dusselmj@yahoo.com  
<Date>Dec 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Casino Fiesta Gamblers Beware Don t Gamble At the resort casino the owner/manager is a crook what happened is I was gambling and drinking i needed more $ so I used my credit card instead of walking back to the room to get more money they assured me many times that the rate would equal $200.00 US on card but I found out different they got me for $320.00 instead I only recieved $200.00 US I even confronted the manager he admited to scaming tourists and ripping them off after I threated to cancel credit card anyways call the new Local Casino just opened in Dec 2004 they will pick you up from your hotel free you only pay for ride home its called the Towers Casino and it s awsome they have all the latest table and slot machines state of the art, free drinks beautiful place you won t be disapointed it s by the Plaza Bavaro close to all the resorts  
<Date>Dec 21, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CalgaryGirl
<Content>Just returned yesterday! I just returned from the Palladium Bavaro last nite. What a wonderful hotel. I'm not sure who can complain about this hotel. The food was great. The buffet is so huge, that if you dont like something, get something else! I found breakfast to be the best meal, fruit smoothes, omelettes made to order. You have many choices with al la carte restaurants so you dont need to buffet every meal.The beach is the best I've seen and I've been to Varadero and Mexico. We did a couple of tours. The Jurassic Park safari was great. Our trip to Catalina Island was a gong show. I know that other groups had a great time but ours had boat problems etc. If you want more details, just email me. The service at the hotel was outstanding. The staff wants to make you happy and always has a smile on their face. I did tip for very outstanding service. I would say you get good service regardless but I just like to do it when someone stands out. We had a romance suite. What a room! Right near the beach, outdoor shower, marble floors and it was huge. If you want details, just ask me. All in all, excellent vacation, excellent hotel and excellent vacation choice.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not for the Americans! First and foremost--I would not go back to the Palladium Bavaro. I am not a complainer by nature, but compared to Mexico (I have vacationed there 5 times) the service we received at the Palladium was definately lower class! The French vacationers were top priority to the hotel staff. Staff spoke fluent French, but not many spoke English. American's weren't treated very cordially. We wore color coded wrist bands, which I felt were a distasteful measure. This supposedly indicated the country you were from or the language you spoke. (I asked a waitress one day and she informed me of this). In Mexico, the locals laugh, joke and treat everyone with such fun and excellent service. That definately was not the case here. I made the best of our trip, but wouldn't go back.Some people we met on the flight stayed at the Sunscape, and said that the Sunscape even served a Thanksgiving Feast on the beach, on Thanksgiving Day, for the American's staying there. NOT something you would have seen at the Palladium. Other acquaintances stayed at Secrets and have returned there a few times-speak very highly of that resort and the service. Just a bit of advice.Water only luke warm in the bathroom. Ask for washcloths daily otherwise they don't regularly leave them.Cockroaches in our room daily (I know, I know.....that's part of the tropical island life....) :) I called housekeeping to spray once, and they did, without complaint. Then I just got used to the cockroaches after 7 days. P.S. Bring your own bug spray!Beaches were different, but beautiful. Lots of trees and vegetation growing almost to where the sand meets the water. Nice little hidden areas on the beach to try the toppless thing. WONDERFUL!Food was good. Ate too much and drank too many coconut drinks. Pina Coladas and Coco Locos gave me a very crampy belly by day 5! Thought I would have no problem handling it---WRONG!I missed being able to go off the resort into a town to eat, shop, etc.When at a resort in Punta Cana, it is advised to stay there. No downtown or village to wander around in. Just a row of markets on the beach to do some bargaining.Give it a try! Make the best of it! Visit Punta Cana for a change of pace, but if you are from America, don't stay at the Palladium!  
<Date>Dec 15, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Got engaged! Hard to say... The beach was beautiful and I got engaged there so it is hard to say anything without being a bit biased to the place.The Facts....BadMy phone didn't work for five days! I told them 7 times!Mini Bar was not stocked when we checked in and we had to wait 2 daysBed sheets smelt sour.Room was very damp and AC never able to get the room below 24 C.Food was plain and boring.... wanted KD by the time I went homeGoodBeach was lovelyPool was just as lovelyAlways an available chair at the beach or poolEntertainment was interestingStaff were always ready to serve drinks Lush green groundsCan visit and eat at the other resorts  
<Date>Dec 15, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good but still room for improvement When we first got there, they got us a standard room that has not been renovated and so everthing looked bad. Went back to the frontdesk and with the help of reps from Apple Vacations, they switched our room to a semi-renovated one the next day as promised. It was good but not as good and clean looking as the renovated ones.There are 9 restaurants, 16 bars, 5 swimming pools and of course it is right by one of the most beautiful beaches we ever been in. The food was good but we like the dessert the most.If not for the room, we would have given it a 5* ratings. Also, we stayed at the Palladium resort in Cancun where the staff and service were better. I saw more jolly staff in Cancun than here.Anyway, I would recommend this resort.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved it!!! My husband and I spent the last week week in August at the Palladium, and we loved it! We spent the extra few dollars for the romance suite and it was well worth it! The food was very good with lots of variety. The beach was absolutely magnificent! Plenty of lounge chairs and places on the beach for all of the tourists. The staff was friendly and helpful! We had no problems with theft. Each room has an individual safe, and the combination is changed by the occupant each time! Would definately recommend! We plan to go back! Things to watch out for: Calling is absolutely ridiculous. If you make a call less than 5 minutes plan to spend between 30-50 American dollars! Collect calls are even worse, and you cannot use a calling card from anywhere including your room or the payphones! Be careful about visiting the flea market and the mall. The people are very pushy, and they like to haggle, since none of the items are priced!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mandyg
<Content>1 week ...should have stayed for 2!! AMAZING!!What a beautiful, wonderful resort.A word for the wise....bring comfy shoes, and take the train whenever possible or your legs will feel like stones by the end of the day!!Our room was one of the romance suites, very nice  kept very clean, #1583 very close to the pool  beach. The food was great in the buffets, lots of variety....we had 2 alacarts but gave up on those after the 2nd (steak was not like home). Attended a family wedding while there  it ran very smooth. Out of 12 people 1 got sick...unfortunatly for 4 days of the vacation, if you get sick don't wait to see the doctor as it may only get worse! The beach was the best I've ever seen....soooo clean  warm. The market's on the beach are alot of fun if you can take the vendors with a grain of salt, they will try to make you feel guilty about whatever price you offer them, if they start at $60.00 you can start at 5 or 10  eventually you will come to an agreement (lol). The staff are as helpful as they can be considering the language barrier, but the pace down there is much slower than what we are used to...you adjust after a day or 2!!The Grand Palladium was fantastic and the property is very lush and green, but the Palace seemed so bare as it is the newest part of the resort, also a little to quiet for us  at the very end of the resort.I would go back to this resort in a heartbeat, but would probably book just a regular suite to bring down the cost a little.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>judgeless
<Content>5* all the way!!! Great wedding, great food, great people! How anyone could be unhappy with this property is beyond me. 5* all the way! The junior suite that we booked was amazing, the bathrooms massive! The bathroom was bigger than my living room at home! There was a private shower, private toilet and a huge jet tub which I used everyday. The double sinks were a nice touch as wellThere is no charge for the minibar, safe or iron that is included in your room. The minibar is restocked often. The restaurants have something for everyone but do cater for Europeans, luckily I enjoy European cuisine...very good food! Evening entertainment is ok, local shopping is overpriced but some nice quality paintings. The beach is truly one of the nicest I have ever been to. If you are looking for a party place or lots to do, you may be better suited to the north or Santo Domingo. We took the trip into SD and enjoyed it alot, it is a shame that most tourists miss this historical and vibrant city. There is more to Dominican Republic than massive hotels on a beach. (a very nice beach!!)The wedding went off fantastic and my only complaint would be the choice of flowers. Daisies in the Dominican? I was hoping for tropical and vibrant clors, but got daisies. The only other choice was roses, pretty boring if you ask me! The wedding was very romantic and intimate. The vows were very special especially if you have ever heard the Cuban vows! I really prefer the Dominican ones. Our ceremony lasted 10-15 minutes and we did opt to exchange our own vows. We took the extra horse and carriage, musical trio, and photographer which all were well worth the money. Our photos turned out brilliant. I would not have done our wedding any different! I was very happy with Palladium and very happy with our wedding coordinator. About half of our guests got sick but it was easily taken care of with immodium and sometimes antibiotics. Getting sick can happen anywhere, anytime, be prepared. Do not worry about this resort, it is great and the friendly Dominicans make it even better!Have a great time!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Calgarian in paradise OK, here is another Great white northener writing a review of the tropics......My wife and two kids aged 2 and 6 left for the DR on October 28th for a weeks stay at the Palladium Bavaro. It was our second trip to the island where our first trip was to Pourto Plata 13 years ago.Now for the review..Lets start off with the  not too impressed section.For a five star resort I found the food to be par. The buffets at the cathederal were very similar every night. Being a tropical counrty I expected more tropical dishes. Beef, chicken and plain fish were the order of the nights.However, I would imaging others would like it for it was just like home cooking. As per other reviews the Tex Mex was poor to par. The meat dishes had very little spices and was quite bland.I did manage to get sick on the trip so that turned me off the food a bit more than usual. We did not make it to other A la carte restaurants so....no comment on thoseThe activities for the kids were lacking. I know that these resorts do not cater much to famalies but I found little attempt to try. They had a mini golf that was in dire need of attention, as was there kiddy play area.Thats it for the negatives.Not the positive stuff..The resort itself was beatutiful, clean and well maintained.The staff were very friendly and always approachable.The beach... well if you find a flaw with the beach....stay home!The pool was great for kids and adults alike.The rooms were were very nice and well maintained.The desserts were to die for............Would I go back again?You bet.notes: nothing better than to see a child smile. Bring lots of baseballs, loonie store toys and school stuff to give to the native kids and maids. They will love you for it.Any other questions feel free to send me a note.robert.kattenburg@apachecorp.com  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great holiday I arrived at the Palladium on the 5th of July 2004 together with my boyfriend and we stayed there for 2 amazing weeks.We were warmly welcomed by the staff and got a map which showed the large area of the hotel and made it easy for us to find out were you can eat, get drinks. etc. In addition we were informed how many restaurants we could visit (because you can also attend the restaurants of two other hotels which are next door) and that men have to wear long trousers for dinner at the 脿 la carte restaurants.Our room was large and always very well cleaned. Towels were changed evey day and there werde NO bugs at all. The food (buffet as well as 脿 la carte) was excellent. Concerning the 脿 la carte restaurants we can especially recommend the El Arecife and the Mare Nostrum - because service and food, both, is really first class there. But we have to mention that in the third 脿 la carte restraurant (it麓s Mexican) the food was not really tasty - you should avoid going there. And now an insider advice : you get 4 vouchers for a two weeks stay which you can use in the 3 restaurants - but if you like the restaurants as much as we did - you can ask at the booking counter in the morning if there are still places left for the evening dinner and visit the restaurants so more often!!The hotel has definitely the best part of the Bavaro beach but we have to mention that there are not really many sun shades offered - and you have to get up very early in the morning to put towels on your sunbed. There are also many possibilities to do sports. My boyfried for example loves sailing which you can do there free of charge. But it was a little bit difficult to get a boat because you only can book it at 9.00 am personally and directly at the beach and some of the boats are not really in a good condition.In the hotel there is also a medical center which is opened 24 hours a day. Due to an allergic reaction because of the sun milk I used, I had to visit the doctor. She spoke English fluently and the treatment was ok (but you should take care that only medicine is prescribed that you really need!!). I had a travel insurance which refunded the treatment costs to me (medicine is imported and therefore extremely expensive) after we had returned home.To sum up we can really recommend this hotel to everybody because of it麓s surroundings and the excellent service and we will certainly spend our next holiday again at the Palladium Bavaro.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ozMKE
<Content>Great Value - Great Vacation I just got back from a 4 night vacation at the Palladium Bavaro Grand Resort  Spa in Punta Cana via Apple Vacations. We flew a direct flight out of Chicago via USA 3000 chartered airlines. My girlfriend and I are both 30 years old and booked the trip about 4-weeks in advanced.While reading many of these reviews ahead of time, I was a bit worried, but the hotel exceeded my expectations by leaps and bounds.Arrival: The room was ready even though we were there a few hours before check-in time. Check-in was fast and easy. They give you fruit punch while waiting. The lobby is beautiful with large fountains and fish and flamingoes.Room: I think we stayed in a Junior Suite 鈥?it had a huge bathroom with a large, two-person whirlpool tub and separate shower. It was all marble and had two sinks. It was very clean and classy 鈥?not a spec of dirt to be found anywhere. California king-sized bed in the room 鈥?seemed a bit older, but comfortable enough with clean sheets and pillows. Nice TV, has a few movie channels but half are in Spanish. Also has pay-per-view movies and Nintendo. There鈥檚 a mini-fridge filled with two big bottles of water, two bottles of beer, and 4-6 bottles of soda. It鈥檚 all free and they refill it every two days. If you want it done everyday, they said you had to pay $10 or something like that. It doesn鈥檛 really batter though since you can go to any of their many bars and get whatever you want all the time. There鈥檚 also a little outside porch area with a couple of lounge chairs 鈥?all very clean and nice. We were advised many times to use the free safe in the room, and we did. Air conditioning worked fine and there are a few chairs and a sofa inside. The rooms are kind of cool because they are setup in little apartment-style buildings with only 4 or 6 units per building, all with separate entrances. We didn鈥檛 hear anyone and anything the whole time we were in our room. Here鈥檚 a little tip 鈥?don鈥檛 be afraid to check the Honeymoon box on the reservation screen or with your travel agent. I鈥檓 pretty sure that鈥檚 why were upgraded to this awesome room with the hot tub. They also brought us fresh fruit the first day and gave us a bottle of rum. Out towels were folded in the shapes on swans or whatever and they left flower petals all around too. Basically, the room was one of the best I have stayed in.Beach: Great sand, warm blue water. Be prepared for some toplessness. There were hardly any Americans at the hotel but we both thought that was kind of cool. Still, I couldn鈥檛 convince my girlfriend to sunbathe with no top. We had no problem finding chairs and shade. Some people reserved them by sticking their towels on them, but many were always free. There are a few bars right on the beach for your convenience.Pools: Many nice, clean pools with swim-up bars. Refreshing after the salty ocean. You can hang out at the bars in the shade if you like. Some toplessness around the pool too. Showers and a towel exchange are available and a few games like ping pong. There are some hot tubs too 鈥?but they aren鈥檛 hot at all. Europeans were always making out in them.Restaurants: The food was kind of strange because it was not catered towards Americans at all. But there is a lot to choose from and if you stick with what you know 鈥?you鈥檒l always find something you will like. The buffets were good and plentiful. Most had a pasta bar where the cook will prepare it in front of you. The same thing with omelets in the morning. Some of the buffets had themes like seafood, Italian, or Mexican, so you could really pick and choose where you wanted to go. Everything was really clean, fresh, and hot as well as well-presented. Depending on how long you stay, they allow you to make reservations at some sit-down restaurants with menus (although they all have small buffets too as an extra). We ate at the Mexican place and had fajitas, which were excellent. They also had great deserts and we were offered a tequila shot with salt and a lime. We accepted three each. The other place was a seafood/steak place, which was great as well. I guess you need to keep in mind that the food is more European than American, so a lot of it was not tasty to me. The pizza, for instance, was the worst I have ever tasted. But who cares? Just go back and try something else. We were told the owners of the hotel are from Spain, so a lot of dishes may represent that. They were big on stuffed tomatoes and strange sausages, but it was neat to try things that you normally don鈥檛 eat. My girlfriend is a picky eater but she had no problem finding things she liked. Vegetarians would be OK too. Service was great, even at the buffets. They would always come and offer you a drink (we drank a lot of beer 鈥?Presidente) or clear your plate. The restaurants were not crowded at all, but they opened for dinner at 7:00pm, which was kind of late for us but early for the European visitors. The only think I ever saw that cost any additional money was wine. I know some other reviewer that he was tricked into buying some, but I didn鈥檛 feel like that at all. I鈥檓 not sure, but I think the European visitors were given free wine but American visitors were given a wine list with prices. Different colored armbands marked the different nationalities (at least I think that鈥檚 what they meant). We were advised not to drink water from the tap. Every bar and restaurant has bottled water for free. We also drank mixed drinks, had coffee, and ate salads and fruit without worrying. I got sick on the day we left, but I think it was from accidentally brushing my teeth with tap water in the hotel.Bars: Lots of bars, all with great service. The beer is tasty 鈥?add a lime and it tastes like Corona. The tropical drinks were all good. You can tell them to add more rum if it鈥檚 too weak for you. All free alcohol was from the Dominican. You will be charged for any top-shelf drinks 鈥?but why bother. The pools have swim-up bars. The complex is 3 or 4 hotels put together and each hotel lobby had a cool bar with a big lounge. You can sit down anywhere and a waiter would find you right away. I gave a few dollar tips the first couple of days but no one really expected it or looked putout if I didn鈥檛 give one. Hardly anyone I saw was tipping, so it made us feel good to drop a buck once in awhile. We left $3-$5 for the maid each day, and she did an excellent job.Grounds: Flowers, palm trees, and grass everywhere. It looked beautiful. The place is huge but they have a shuttle if you don鈥檛 want to hike around. All the walkways are covered if you do. It didn鈥檛 rain when we went, even though the Internet showed scattered showers each day when I checked the day we left. Workers that were pruning trees cut open coconuts for us to drink the sweet milk. No one here was ever looking for a tip. People are friendly and quiet. There鈥檚 a casino with slots and tables, but it was really small and no one was using it when I looked in. Maybe it gets more crowded really late at night.Shopping: You can walk down the beach into a little town with really aggressive shop owners. I was warned about this before, but I didn鈥檛 know just HOW aggressive they would be. It was funny though, and we didn鈥檛 buy anything from them 鈥?all they have is junk anyway. There鈥檚 a supermarket there that has a bank where you can get some pesos and buy some snack food if you want. Overall our trip was great and very relaxing. To top it off 鈥?it was a great value.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing, we got married here We stayed at the palladium myself, my new husband, and my three children aged 13, 12, and 7 from the 6th to the 20th Oct.We went to the Dominican expecting to stay in another resort, but thankfully due to hurricain Jeanne our hotel was closed and we we're upgraded to the palladium. We went there with no expectations and we we'rnt dissapointed in any way.The wedding was fantastic, the food was lovely, the place was clean, people we're friendly, the entertainment was top class, and well we came back wanting to go again.The only down side for us is we dont speak any spanish and there we're very few english but hey so what next time we will learn a little lingo to get us by.Please go its fantastic and say HI to JC who looks after the kids and adults alike.Fabulas clean friendly laid back place and as for tipping yes give a couple of dollars if you like it goes a long way for them but is no means compulsary.Happy hols.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the best vacation in my entire life !!!! Excellent Hotel, Excellent service, Excellent rooms,Excellent food, Excellent drinks, Excellent help. and more and more,Nothing bad to say about this hotel.I visited half of the world, stayed at nice resorts, but this vacation to Punta Cana was the best in my life(63 yrs young) i plan to return again next year and every time i have a chance. I already showed friends and family videos of this vacation, and already my son and friends went, and thanked me when they came back, they also had a great week. My god-son went with his wife and 10 years old daughter and were so happy i told them about the hotel, they loved it and plan to return next year with both of their parents.And the help at the Hotel was super,super good, everybody is nice and if they dont understand you, you have to realize you are not in the good U.S.A.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't wait to go back!!!!! My husband and I visited Palladium Bavaro Grand from 8/11/04-8/14-04. I'm 28 he's 31 and we had a great time!!!! I really wonder if the people writing these horrible reviews didn't click on the wrong link to get here. I would definately go back again, and for the price you can't beat it. I can't say one bad thing about the place. It was so relaxing, but there was plenty to do. We booked through Apple Vacations and everything about it was fantastic. USA 3000 was great, we had direct flights both ways out of Philly, the food on the plane was good and a lot more than I was expecting. I thought we were going to get a little snack or something, but we got complimentary mamosas and a full breakfast on the way there (pancakes, sausage, fruit, etc.) and on the way back we got sandwiches, carrots sticks w/dressing, and cookies, my husband got a wrap of some kind. Overall, it was the best airline I've ever been on.SERVICE- I thought the service at Palladium was beyond excellent. Everyone was pleasant and friendly, and went out of there way to make sure we had everything we needed or wanted. By the end of your stay you will know the word Hola very well, because everyone that passes you will say hello. Which was nice compared to The States where most people go out of there way to ignore each other. The room was extremely clean and much bigger than I expected (and we had a regular room) The maid was great, she didn't speak ANY english so we had to use hand motions or try our best at spanish to tell her what we wanted, but that didn't bother us. She kept our room spotless, made cute little designs with our sheets, and refilled our mini-bar everyday!! They are only supposed to do it every other, but we asked everyday and left a couple dollars and we'd come back to a fully restocked bar.FOOD- The food was great. I am a very picky eater, and my husband is the complete opposite. We both found plenty of things we liked at the buffet restaurants since we didn't even bother with the reservations. My husband got to try a lot of different things like rabbit for example. And you could get food ANYTIME!!! There are so many different restaurants between all 3 resorts, and there are snack bars for in between meals.The Cathedral restaurant was great for breakfast, unfortunately we didn't find it till the last day:( It's tucked away near the reception desk and we didn't even know it was there. Lunch was pretty much the same at all of them. Plenty of whatever your looking for. There's a Pizza  Pasta restaurant in Fiesta Beach Resort. That was great for dinner, there is a chef right inside the door that makes great food. They usually had some kind of themed dancing in the restaurant connected to it. The Sports Bar was great for pizza, nachos, hot dogs, etc. My husband liked the burgers, he said they tasted more like steak than hamburger but said they were really good. The frozen drinks were not as frozen like they are here, but the were still great! (Especially the Bahama Mamas!!! Yummy!!) Neither of us had any kind of stomach ailments, and we ate and drank A LOT!!!!! We brought Immodium just in case, but didn't need it. Better safe than sorry. BEACH- The beach was awesome!!!! Beautiful white sand beaches w/little pink pebbles. That's where we spent most of our time. There were lots of water sports equiptment and they had people come around with various animals that you could pose for pictures with, and you could buy the pictures at a shop near the casino. There were plenty of chairs, no matter what time we got to the beach, sometimes as late as 12 or 1. The water was incredible!!!! It was so warm and so blue. I'm not big on the ocean, I don't go in past my ankles at the Jersey Shore. But there, I swam way out, till the water was about 15 ft and it was so clear I could still see the bottom. The water was very calm, I didn't see any fish, and there was very minimal seaweed. Some words of advice, Bring sunblock and put it on your head or wear a hat. My scalp got burnt and a week later I looked like I had some serious dandruf. Bring your sunblock to the beach with you and put it on a few times. I don't burn to easily here, but I did get a little pink even with sunblock there. Be prepared for topless women and lots of men in Speedos. Also if your going to go topless be sure to screen the twins with SPF 9000!!! I was already pretty tan before I went and only used a 15 on my body. Big Mistake!! POOLS- The pools were awesome, clean and warm. I thought the palladium pool was the best. Lots of people, lots of fun. That's where they had the merengue lessons and the bartenders there were so cool. But if you're looking for a quiet pool, there was a really nice one down the beach past Fiesta Palace. It's right off the beach, it's called Royal Suites and we didn't know it was part of our resort. But apparently it was and we had a great time at that one too. BRING SNEAKERS!!!- Be prepared to walk, A LOT!! Even Palladium alone is a huge place. Bring comfortable shoes and band-aids. I brought 5 pairs of comfortable sandals and got blisters the first day, so the rest of my trip I was in pain wishing I had brought my sneakers. I didn't let that stop me though. I dealt with the pain because the place was so beautiful I wanted to see it all, and did!!! LANGUAGE- We were told by our travel agent that not many people spoke English, so we went prepared. The language barrier is not a problem as long as you remember you are in their country and give it a try. My husband and I both took Spanish in High School and neither of us remembered any of it, but we brought a book and a pocket translator and we did fine. It was actually fun we talked to lots of the staff members in what I would call Spanglish, and we would go back and forth teaching each other new words. I loved it!!! ANYONE BRINGING KIDS!!!!- I knew it was a topless beach before I went, but was really surprised to see that even the little girls were topless!! There are a lot of European guests and I guess that's what they do at home. But I was glad I left mine home. I couldn't imagine trying to explain to my 4  8 year old daughters why the other 0-10 year old girls didn't have tops on!! So if you're bringing yours be prepared. Bottom line- If your looking for a fun, casual, and relaxing vacation, definately give Palladium a try. It 's well worth the money. If you are a judgemental person who's looking for a 12 star hotel for 10 people to go for under $2000, and expecting breakfast in bed every morning, go somewhere else!!!! Because it's a shame that other people might be discouraged by your bad reviews. I'm sure some people's complaints are legitimate, no resort is perfect 100% of the time. But I think some of these people are just way too critical. So don't let the bad reviews keep you from having the time of your life. All in all, I got what I paid for plus much, much, more. I'd call it a 5 star resort at a 3 star price!!!!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Punta Cuna - Grand Palladium Resort - mistake for sure PUNTA CUNA TRIP - GRAND BAVARO - MISTAKE Well, I don't have too many good things to say about this Hotel and my trip to Punta Cuna. My daughter and her husband and me and my husband went over the 4th of July holiday. We stayed for 4 days (all inclusive). The trip was the worst trip I have ever been on and I have been on cruises, all inclusive trips to the Bahamas, trips to California, Las Vegas, Mexico, etc. It started out we left on Friday, my son in law could not go when we went to the airport to check in because his birth certificate was not acceptable, however, he had used it when he and my daughter went on a cruise and they accepted it, so he had to stay behind and get a valid one. (We were told by the Agency we went through that it would be okay to use this particular birth certificate so we assumed everything was okay). Well, we (my daughter, husband and I went on to Punta Cuna, got there to check in at the hotel and was supposed to have a Queen bed but instead we got 2 double beds. We had made the reservations several months prior to our date of departure, but evidently that did no good. We got the double beds. So we questioned why we got that and they said, oh, well we are booked and if you would like come downstairs tomorrow and we can maybe get you two rooms with the queen beds. WEll, we went downstairs the next day to the check in desk (also a problem was they could not understand what we wanted) finally, got them to understand our problem and they said oh, we can put in the rooms with queen bed, but sorry, they are not going to be together, they will be completely and I mean completely separated. WEll, we did not want that, we had made the reservations to be together and wanted to be together. So, we stayed with the double beds. The rooms were nice and big, however, both rooms had bugs in them. The cleaning people did not even leaves us wash clothes nor did they stock the refrig like they were supposed to do. WE had to ask for wash clothes twice. And, we had to go to the bar and get our drinks. The restaurants are all not air conditioned and they are ungodly hot, except for the two that is a la carte. We were told (by our agent) that we could eat at those restaurants as much as we wanted, but when we checked in we were only entitled to one dinner at the a la carte. Had to eat at the buffet. The buffet food was questionable to me. I was concerned with the heat problem and whether the food was good. Then the liquor did not include all brands. Only certain ones, and they were like drinking straight rubbing alcohol. All other brands were extra. We were also told by agent that the drinks were included. Then we were also told not to drink the water, which we never did. We always drank bottled water. Welll, that didn't help, because my husband and I got very sick the last night there. When I returned home I had to go to the doctor and get medicine, plus had to go to the hospital and have tests done and found I had a parasite in my body that I had contracted from being there (probably from the food). When my son-in-law finally got there, he informed us (the next day when he arrived) he had to pay an additional $100.00 to have his ticket changed to the next day. That was not told to us by the airlines on the day we were to leave and was told he could not go. They even suggested oh, by the way you can fly out the next day (no mention of any extra expense). So, we decided to do that and then we got hit with the extra money. So, you can see, I was not happy with the Hotel, nor Apple Vacations because they have not even acknowledged my questions/problems I have posed from this trip. I always thought that Apple Vacation was a very nice vacation company, but NOT ANY MORE. I guess they only care about getting you in the resort, getting their money, and that is it. I am passing this information on to all people who are going to this resort and think that Apple Vacations is very good, (they are not). The Hotel did not accommodate me with the room, or nothing after I had made the reservations long before we were to depart. Good Luck with anybody staying here at this resort and traveling with Apple. I would recommend some other travel company. Gail Dickey  
<Date>Sep 24, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OhiotoCaribbean
<Content>You are Royalty here I do not know where to begin when describing this vacation. This trip was just my bofriend and I, we are in our mid-twenties and this is our fifth Apple Vacation and I can not wait until next summer to go again. Upon arrival at the Palladium we were greeted with a cold fruity beverage while we waited to check in. After receiving our room key a bell hop carried all of our luggage on a dolly from the lobby to our room which was about a ten minute walk. They have a rule in Punta Cana that you can only build as tall as the highest palm tree so all resorts are very spread out. Our first room was a typical beach hotel room, nice decor and size, however on day 2 we asked for an upgrade. The extra $30.00 a night for a junior suite was well worth it. The room was twice as big with brand new everything, the bathroom was all tile and glass, double sink, huge hottub. I was in heaven, too bad the rest of the resort was so nice because I did not want to waste my time in the room. Keep in mind that even if you are booked at the Palladium if it is full they will put you in one of the other two resorts on the property. The pools on all three properties were very nice, they all had different shapes and atmospheres. No matter where your room is you are not far from a pool or the beach you just have to walk if you want a certain one. The Palladium pool area I felt was the best. While you lounge by the pool the waiters bring you drinks constantly. Water, liquor, beer whatever you want just raise your hand or jump in the pool to the swim up bar and get whatever you want. The water in the pook was warm and clean that is where we spent the majority of the day. The beach was great too. The water is calm like a lake and the sand was clean. There are a couple of bars on the beach where you can get a cool drink. There are also free kayaks and wind surfing.We do not have kids, but the kids we saw had so much fun. They had a camp for kids and they were doing something different and fun everyday. It was nice because this is a family resort and there are a lot of kids here, but the camp kept them busy so adults could enjoy the pools without kids everywhere. I love kids but I also want to relax on vacation. There is never of shortage of things to do. We usually spent the day in the sun, rested for awhile in the room then got dressed ate dinner and went to the show and drank. The show was entertaing they are not professionals but they do a good job. The disco is right next to the stage so after the show everyone goes there. It was packed but not hard to get a drink. We would usually start off at the lobby bar which has live music and plenty of seats. At 2:30 am after the disco closed you could go to the sports bar which was open until 6:00am and drink, play pool. foozeball or have the cook make you something to eat. The pizza at the sports bar was the best. There is also an area across the resort with shops. Here you could buy groceries(no need because there is always free food available) and snacks. This is also where we bought our souveniers because we did not want o fight with the flea markets. It is all the same junk, artwork, keychains, ashtrays, picture frames. I spent less than $100.00 and brought plenty of stuff. Now, I am a picky eater, but I never went hungry. The buffets were great, noon to 4:00 for lunch and 7:00-10:00pm for dinner. There was always plenty to choose from or they had a chef there to cook what you want. The breakfast buffet was good too we just dont eat much in the morning. We only left the resort twice to go on tours. I recommend both of them. The Aquatic tour lets you take your own two person boat to a snorkeling spot that was had alot of colorful fish and pretty coral. The outback safari was the best. For about six hours you tour the Domincan country side and learn about there history and culture. Both are worth the$70.00 per person fee. Last I want to tell you that the service at this resort is wonderful. They truly cater to you. Tips were included in our tour price, but we spent about $200 tipping because it was more than I ever imagined. Every restaurant and bar had great service, by the third day they all knew what drink we wanted without asking, and if your drink was low there would be another in front of you befor you had to ask.  I would love to go back to Punta Cana and would recommend this resort to everyone I know.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Resort Wife, son and I just returned after 4 nights/5 days at the Palladium. This is a beutiful tropical resort with great resturants, rooms, bars, service, pools and beach. As guests at the Palladium, you get to enjoy all the facilities at the ajoining 3 Fiesta resorts (Fiesta Pallace Resort, Fiesta Beach Resort  Fiesta Royal Suites Resort). All these properties ajoin along a 3/4 mile streach of Bavaro Beach.We had a junior siute in villa 21 on the second floor. Our room had a great view of the tropical gardens and a partial beach/ocean view.Room: Junior suite. Very nice in size, clean and modern with a huge bathroom. The bathroom is nearly as big as the sleeping and living area of the room. It comes with double bowl sink and a huge whirlpool tub and sepaerate shower and seperate toilet area. A/C worked great with a nice tv and balcony. Sofa and sitting chairs.Beach: Awsome beach. Very, very picture postcard like. Clean water and turquise in color. Fine pure white sand.Pools: Pool at the Fiesta Palace was the best. Very tropical. All the pools were very nice. A total of 5 in all. All but one had a swin up bar.Resturants. We always found something we liked at any one of the 9 resturants. We never got sick and always found the food to be of high quality. Things like filet mignon, fresh grilled fish, whole roasted pig and many other fine food selections in wide variaty.Bars: There are many bars at the resorts. Perhaps 12 in all. Drinks in my opinion, not very good.The resort look/feel: You think your in a tropical paradice. Very well maintained and very good to look at. Bring your camarea. The views all over the resort are post cards.Shows/disco: We did not see any shows or go to the disco. They seem to draw a big crowd from what we could see.Resort Drawbacks: There is construction and remodeling going on at the Fiesta Beach Resort. It did not bother us as the Palladium is far enough away from this. We passed by it in our walks around the property, but that was it. If you don't like walking, this resort may bother you a bit. We like walking and exploring so this is great for us. The place is huge to say the least. One disapointment was with some of the recreation items. The pool table in the sports bar was trashed and all the pool sticks broken. So no billiards. The mini golf course was a joke. No turf on the runs and in very poor condition. For me and our 15 year old sone, these 2 things were a let down.We really enjoyed exploring this massive resort. Again, since we stayed at the Palladium, you are allowed to use the entire resort facilities. We would have appetizers at one resturant, main course at another and desert at a third some nights. With 9 resturants and this being all inclusive, you can do this. So why not.The staff here was all very, very friendly. They speak some english, but very little. We brought about 50 dollar bills with us and tipped at all our meals, drinks and the maid $2 every day. The staff here work very hard to keep this resort clean and presentable.We would go back to the Palladium in a heart beat.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mstv
<Content>The positives and negatives I just got back from this hotel and I had a great time. I hope this review will be helpful.Arrival: When we arrived at the hotel, our room was ready for us. This made me happy because it was only noon and check in wasn't suppossed to be until 3pm. The bell boys took our luggage and drove us to our room. We tipped a dollar and had 2 bags. We also got a fruit punch upon entering the lobby.Room: When we got to the room, it was beautiful. We had a large bed, patio (not a great view of anything), jacuzzi tub, glass shower and toilet stall, and an outside room with additional outside shower and hammock (completly private). I was pleased to find the safe in the room was free of charge. We were given 2 room keys/cards and 2 towel cards. The room had an iron and ironing board, a pull out couch, tv (which we couldn't use because our remote wouldn't work), a mini-bar (beer, cola, water refilled every 3 days and free of charge). The bed was comfortable and we had 3 pillows and an extra blanket in the closet. Our 1st night they gave us a complementary bowl of fruit and a type of rum. However, the electrical appliances we brought (video camera battery charger, flat iron, and hair dryer) did not fit into the wall adaptors there. They provided a hair dryer, but once our battery ran out we couldn't use our video recorder anymore. Pool/Beach: All the pools were great. However, there were not towels at the pool near our room at some points of the day. (They were being washed and there were no more until after 3:00-3:30pm) The pools had a bar and drinks were good. Chairs were available and we didn't have a problem ever finding one. The grounds of the pool are red bricks and extremely hot to walk on when the sun is shining. I'm short and a lot of the pool's main parts were too deep for me to stand. One pool had 2 jacuzzis and the water was very cold. They had activities such as water polo, water volleyball, and water aerobics if you wanted to take part. You also could learn some dances by the pool.The beach was wonderful. The water was green and the perfect temperature, but a little murky and very very salty. The sand was being pushed around in the water from the boats, so I really couldn't use my goggles. But there were no shells to hurt your feet and we did some wind surfing and used the cayaks free of charge. The sand was nice and white and they had outside showers to rinse off as you were leaving the beach. The frozen drinks were watery, maybe because of the heat? Chairs were always available. We also walked the beach at night. It's very private and beautiful when the moon is shining over the water. Food: Breakfast was awesome at the Palladium Grand reception restaurant. Everything you could possible wants was there. The buffet was from 7-10am. They had eggs, bacon, french toast, pancakes, hashbrowns, fruit, cold cereals, muffins, omlets, pastreys...etc. Lunch was not that great. The hamburgers don't taste like cow meat, and the ketchup is not like in America. I wasn't crazy for it. Also the salad dressings are a little watery w/ little selection. The lunch buffets are nothing to brag about. Dinner was okay depending upon where you went. We found that dinner was best at the Palladium Grand reception restaurant (where we also loved the breakfast). The dinner buffet had a great selection of food from pizza and pasta to baked and fried chicken, mashed potatoes, and a lot of vegetarian meals as well. Plus salad, fruit, and dessert. We ate at the Tex Mex restaurant and it was very good. We liked the Sports bar for afternoon snacks. It had pizza, nachos, popcorn, sandwiches, ice cream, salad, and it was open almost at all times. We ate at the El Arricafe as a sit down meal. The food was good, but we were still hungry after we ate. We did have a major problem that night. Our hostess told us wine was all-inclusive as she handed us a wine list. We drank some wine and at the end of the night got a fat bill of 1800 pesos (about 50.00 US). I was so angry because we were told it was included. They told us only house wine was included and insisted we pay (they told us it was only about 20.00 US dollers, which was not the correct cost when you did the math) I complained to the manager of the restaurant who was no help and insisted on seeing the hotel manager. So I had to walk across the resort and spend about 25 minutes pleading my case. Finally it was agreed that we only pay 800 pesos (25 US dollers) for the 1/2 of the wine bottle we drank. But I was so upset by this whole incident it ruined by evening. We had to face the same waiters and hotel manager numerous times throughout the course of the trip, but they were always nice and pleasant to me despite our disagreement. Overall, food was okay.Shopping: The hotel shops were overpriced. We went on the beach past the resort where there were some local shops, the people were agressive and you had to barter down their prices. But we love a challenge and are cheap. We got some great deals and some beautiful paintings, artwork, and candles. If you pay too much $ you get a necklace as a gift from the shops to show the other shop owners you are a sucker when paying so don't wear it if you are given one. (or take it off when you leave their shop) Sometimes they'll give you the necklace before you even buy anything, but we always took it off. The agressive men actually made us laugh and we have many funny stories from our shopping experiences. Entertainment: The shows were kind of lame, but you are so tired at the end of the day it doesn't really matter if you go to them or not. They start at 10pm, (or so they say) we wanted to see Romeo and Juliet performed and went to the theatre where it was playing and left at 10:20 because it still hadn't started. We saw a magic show that was pretty neat. We went to the casino. It was small, but had slot machines, blackjack, and roulette. Most of the time at night we'd relax in our hottub, which was nice.Service: wonderful. clean towels every day, bed and room nicely made, polite and friendly staff. We would leave a doller on the bed every day and tip certain waiters/bar tenders if they were overly helpful. They were very appreciative of the tips. However, you have many different food servers so it's hard to tip everyone. Grounds: You get a map of the 3 hotels in the resort. My suggestion is to write down the times of the meals in each restaurant (located in your information package) and write them on the restaurants on the map. Bring the map around in your pocket until you know your way. It seems confusing at first, but we learned our way in no time. Overall: Great vacation, wonderful trip. Nice experience. Would I go back? I don't know because I'm the type of person who likes to try new things, but I'd recommend the hotel to anyone interested in going. (Make sure you bring good walking shoes, bandaids, and sun block.)  
<Date>Sep 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Palladium Bavaro Resort! My family and I traveled to Punta Cana, Palladiuum Bavaro from 8/20 to 8/27/04. It was wonderful. The service was friendly. The staff was always attentive to our needs. We went through Apple VAcations and found their represantatives very helpful. The beaches were beautiful. It is very hot so bring SPF50. The drinks were awesome. Shopping at the flea market was a little bit stressful, but if you tell the vendors it's your last day they will cut you great deals. The restuarants were good, especially the Mexican one. We took the excursion to Island of Sanoa. The music and the people on the catamaran were great. Once we got to this island we couldn't believe that such a paradise existed. Take it if you can you will enjoy it.We loved the merengue lessons by the pool and the staff really tries to get you involved. It was an overall wonderful experience. We are planning to go back soon.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would definately go back .... I have just returned from two weeks of relaxing holiday in the Palladium. We were a party of three, 2 adults and one child aged 7.The food and cleanliness of the restraunts was above average. The food menu rotated on a weekly basis, so if you are there for two weeks you had the same menu twice. No big deal. Entertainment: The kid鈥檚 mini disco starts at 2100 and repeats the same format and songs each night.Adult evening entertainment was basic and starts at 22:00. However both were adequate for the time we were there.My observations are as follows:1) There are frequent, relatively low, helicopter flights over and around the complex. One the day that I counted, I stopped at 25 visible helicopter flights. My observation leads me to believe that, that was a particularly busy day.2) There is no visible status off the Pool cleanliness / chlorine level available to see. (The rest rooms all had forms that were signed when they were visited by staff.) We made friends with two other families and had 4 children between us. Of the 4 children 3 of them developed ear infections and all had only swam in the pool. We were advised to ensure that the children鈥檚 ears were dry at night and to use a hair dryer to ensure this was done. I would have had a higher level of confidence in the pool if I could have seen some sort of Status indicator for the pool.It should be noted that my duaghter started to collect mozaic tiles from the pool's bottom as some were loose.3) The beach area was clean and looked like it had been swept every morning. The Hobby Cats gave my daughter and I hours of pleasure. Due to the onshore winds the exhaust form the frequent powerboats drifts onto the beach making it smelly at times of high activity.4) the staff at all times were very attentive.On the whole a pleasant holiday not quite the 5 starts as quoted, but nothing that would stop me from returning again in the future.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Family Vacation in Punta Cana We are a family of 5 (3 daughters; ages 16, 14  11)...we wanted a very relaxing vacation. Life is hectic enough at home!!We enjoyed the hotel, the pool, the beaches (be prepared for some topless sun bathers), the staff is probably the most excellent I've come across in my travels. The food.....okay for the first 3-4 days and then we were a bit tired of the buffets and the difference in the food. I was glad that I packed some peanut butter/jelly/crackers/wheat thins, etc.2 of my 3 daughters and I ended up in the hotel room the last couple days with terrible diarrhea. I was glad that I also packed plenty of over the counter medications.I would still go back some day but not for 6 nights and probably wouldn't bring the kids here again.I can't say enough about the service and the staff.The Americans can learn a few things from these folks in the hospitality department! Speaking so much spanish was fun - good thing we had a daughter who has two recent years of Spanish under her belt and headed for Spanish 3 in a couple weeks - she had fun conversing in Spanish.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What A Wedding - Holiday In April of 04 we flew to the Dominican Republic to attend my son's wedding. There were approximately 32 people. Everyone was totally amazed at the accomodations when we arrived at the Palladium Bavaro Grand Resort  Spa. A number of people in our party have travelled extensively and were thrilled at the Junior Suites, the friendly and helpful staff and in particular the food. The wedding was absolutely beautiful with the wedding coordinator being extremely helpful. The beaches are out of this world. It was a very special week and only 1 person out of the 32 had stomach problems for only one day and I suspect that was more from over indulging than anything else. Could have been too many rum drinks, ha ha..We unfortunaley booked a second week at a different resort and after our amazing experience at the Palladium were expecting more of the same. The name of the second resort will remain anonymous but it was atrocious. Food was terrible, birds were eating from the buffets, people were dropping left and right from stomach ailments, the staff rude and belligerent, the rooms were dirty and cleaning staff still had not even made up the beds by 8:00 p.m.. Had to call down to desk a number of times to get bed made. This second hotel was rated as a 4 star hotel I would give it a minus 10. Palladium you will have my business!!!! My son and his wife also moved onto a 5 star hotel for their second week honeymoon and told us the Palladium was far superior to their 5 star very very expensive honeymoon resort.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>GREAT,,GRAND,,WONDERFUL My wife and I were there in Sept. last year, we had a great time. The staff was very good and all we wanted, we had.I would suggest taking some coloring books, colors, and things for children. We left things like this in our room with a small tip ($5.00) every morning for the maid, our room was kept spotless.we are going back this Nov. and we can't wait. I have recommended this place to all my friends, some of which have gone down and they tell me that they loved it as my wife and I have.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful, friendly resort Resort is beautiful. Beach is beautiful. The best pool is the Palladium. Pools are clean. Resort is very clean and well maintained. The plants and flowers are incredible. If you can't find something to eat, there is something wrong with you. They make the best homemade breads. However, I couldn't find a dessert I liked. They do not know how to make anything chocolate at all. Coffee is different, but fine. Rooms are clean. We had a problem with ants, but they came and took care of it promptly. The ant thing was really our fault...one of the kids left an open coke in the room.We were not happy with the rooms they assigned us at check-in...and they did not care....we had rooms, so why bother.We wanted 3 jr suites with 2 beds---all rooms together. We got only got 1 room with 2 beds, and only 2 of the 3 rooms together.They will not try to please you in this respect....they kept telling us to come back later, go have a drink, etc.Drinks are fine. We liked the lemon/lime with Rum. Staff is really, really friendly. The Market in front of the Palladium burned down. No fire dept there. They tried to put it out with a garden hose...no smoke detectors or sprinklers anywhere on the resort--we started looking after the fire.Flea Market and pool side vendors----whatever price they give cut it by 75%.If you want to snorkel for just a couple of hours---the Diver company on the beach will take you out to an awesome reef for about 15$/person (we paid 10).The entertainment was not very good. There was not much to do in evenings with kids. Nothing to see if you snorkel right off of the beach.Everyone got a little touch of D, so bring your Immodium. Nothing to stop any of us though.Bring cash not credit. Vendors do not take credit cards. And bring Plenty of 1 dollar bills--- at least 50. We tipped the staff a couple dollars here and there....it seemed like most other travelers did not.There is toplessness on the beach, but not as much as I expected. There was no topless at the pool. Service at all bars was great. I speak no Spanish, and that was not a problem at Palladium, but seemed to be more of a problem at the other resorts there on the Fiesta campus. Palladium is worth the extra money. We thought it was the best.There were no chains on the doors in the room. Use your safe. We found staff in our rooms a couple of times...supposedly fixing something. Finding beach or pool chairs are really not a problem. You get a resort beach towel, so really no need to carry your own from home. Bring a tube or raft...lots of fun.Pictures on the beach with parrots, monkeys, snakes are really nice and affordable (7$ or so each)Wed is beach BBQ. Thurs the vendors come to the pool.Buy Larimar jewelry as a souvenier. It is a light blue stone only found in DR.All in all, it was great. And for the price it was well worth the money.Would we go back? Probably not, the kids need more to do...probably a cruise next time.Mini golf was poor, pool table poor, water sports on beach were too hard for preteens and young teens. No game room, no young people disco that we could find. The pools close too early, 8ish or earlier. OUr kids would have swimmed till Midnight.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jjhspr
<Content>This vacation was a blast I just returned from a wonderful week at the Palladium from Aug. 7th thru the 14th, Myself ,my wife and my three daughters ages 19,14 and 12. We also traveled with my Sister and Her husband and her two children ages 22 and 20. We booked thru Apple tours and they were great, We flew out of JFK on usair 3000 and had no problems what so ever. We landed in Punta Cana and were take by bus to the Hotel , it took about 30 minutes, not too bad, upon arriving at the hotel we were greeted at the desk in the lobby with a nice cool fruit drink. Check in went smooth as they put us in 4 jr. suites all within close proximity to one another. The hotel is very large but after a day or so you will find your way around, the rooms are large and very clean, and we had no problem with the a/c at all. the food was good at all the restaraunts but we really enjoyed the Tex Mex. The Buffet breakfast near the lobby was outstanding they would make you omlets of your choice or you could just about get anything your heart desired. The beaches were gorgeous, very tropical with plenty of palm trees to sit under. My sister and husband would get up around 8 am every day and grab us 9 beach chairs in a good spot near the Bar. the pool was also beautiful with plenty of lounge chairs to be had.Most of our day was at the beach and we were quite content to sip coctails and just relax and think of what we would eat or drink next. It was like Heaven. At night we would have dinner and go toh the nightly show, all I can say is have an open mind and a good sense of humor, they try hard.The disco was great for the teenagers and they had a good time everynight, although that was past my bedtime, after a long day of sun and drinks, I was happy to get to bed. We only left the resort twice once to go to the Casino, which is small and not to good on winnings and one day to stroll down the beach to the flea market, which has very agresive merchants so be prepared to be firm with them.The trip home went smoothly with no problems encountered. all and all this was a fantastic trip and I would recomend this resort to everyone. My family are planning to return next year but with even a larger group. Hats off to Apple tours and the Palladium Bavaro for a job well done.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>punta cana was one big party i loved this hotel.it was beautiful,welcoming,clean,and the food was excellent. maid servoce was outstanding drinks were awesome.im 18 and i though it was great for the price.a great cheap vacation.we loved the sports bar  
<Date>Aug 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome What a terrific vacation ! I still cannot understand how people can complain about this resort. The only thing that I can figure is that they are the type that can never be pleased anyway. Glad to know that they won't be there when we return next year !!!My family had a great time! Plenty for all to do, activities for everyone. Staff was very helpful and would go out of their way to provide you with anything you requested. The service was great, there was a tremendous variety of food, and if by chance nothing 'tripped your trigger', they would gladly make you anything you ordered. We never did the reservations for dinner, as long pants were not on my husband's clothing list while on vacation !! Did not miss anything from what we heard......buffets and special ordering were the way to go.The resort is beautiful, lush and large. Didn't mind walking at all. The beach is gorgeous and well kept. Our room (Jr Suite) was large and clean. There were no bugs, no problem with the air....no worries at all. The pool was great, with activities going all the time. Our kids had a terrific time ! The Wed night beach party is a definite must to attend !!!!A few tips for future travellers from not only us, but other suggestions we got from other families staying there.Take Immodium with you and take it daily. This piece of advice was given to us by our travel agent. We met many people who did not follow this little trick. We had no problems at all. Pepto does not work at all, too little too late.Use the in-room safe at all times for any valuables and money. A man we met did not, and had money stolen out of his suitcase and off of the table in his room. You are in a very poor country, although that is not an excuse for anyone to steal.....it will and does happen. In all honesty, would you leave money on a table in any hotel room anywhere????????Sunscreen, sunscreen, sunscreen. The sun is very intense. I don't know how many people asked us to borrow ours on the beach and at the pool. I lost count. You are going on vacation.............and don't take sunscreen?Any wet clothing will not dry due to the humidity. Take extras and also take large ziploc bags for taking the wet stuff back home with you in your suitcase.Brush up on your spanish. Much of the staff speaks english, but there are times that communication can be a little tough. Be patient with them, and they are patient with you. Many times we ended up teaching each other, and having a great time doing it ! Take a travel mug. They do give you your drinks in the little plastic throw away cups. They will keep filling the mug for you. Plus, it is very hot there, and the mugs are insulated and your drink stays colder longer.The Palladium is a great place, and you will really enjoy your vacation at the resort. It has so much to offer, and you are the only one that can make your vacation memorable !!!Bon Voyage !!!!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not so Nice The first four days was ok, Then everyday after i had to call and wait to get face clothes,two days had no coffee in the room,My wife broke her foot on a tour on Friday, I was told that it would be Monday before she could get the use of the ONE Wheelchair that the resort has for the some 3,000 people there, by then their must have been 5 people that had injuried their ankles that may have need one. Their where fleas in the bathroom,so many of them they had formed a trail like ants all around the sink, not enought people at the resort could speak English it was hard to communicate to the staff about problems or to the waiters at the bar they don't knon how to mix many different drinks , their selection is very limited, So all  all as i told the Applevacation people  the front desk I was not a HAPPY CAMPER.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outrageous! My family and I traveled to Punta Cana from 8/2-8/9. This has to be one of the best vacations I've ever had. The Palladium is HUGE, so be prepared to do a lot of walking. The meals are great and there is a wide variety for all tastes. This resort makes certain that there are activities and things to do all the time. The beach party was out of this world! The people that work there are attentive, and interact with everyone very well. It is very clean as well. The merchants in the flea market are very aggressive, but they are fun and nice as well. I have already planned on returning to Punta Cana next year!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very good vacation My girlfriend and myself stayed at the Palladium from the July9-16. We are both in our 30's. She is Puerto Rican and I am African American. Let me just start off with this, if you know spanish your set. If you dont brush up on some before you come down it will make your vacation so much better. My girlfriend is fluent in spanish and made things so much easier. This was are first trip to the DR and we had a great time. Met a couple from Chicago. Hello Beth and Dean.Okay now to the good stuff.FLIGHT- Flew out on USA3000 from Tampa. Nice and smooth. 2 hrs and 20 minute and we got a hot meal and a movie. Pick the pasta over the chicken. ARRIVAL- Once you get off the plane you get escorted inside take some picture with some girls and then wait in line to pay your 10 dollars per person for the tax to visit the island. You will also get a form to fill out for immigration. Remember to bring a pen with you because they will not have any to lend out. Have your passport or ID ready they will stamp it, then off to get the luggage. They have carts for you to take your stuff but you cant take them outside so the porters are ready to take them for you to the busses. Its ok for them to take them just be prepared that these guys work off of tips and they are expecting 1 dollar per bag. Make sure that your luggage goes on the bus that you are going on.Bus ride was only about 20- 25 minutesCHECK-IN- was smooth. Once again make sure that all of your luggage come of the bus. One of you should get in line to check in while the other one makes sure all of the bags are there. The bags stay out front with the bellman until you have your room #, then he will take them to your room. Tipped him about 1dollar a bag also. Once inside the room he will give you a tour of the room, show you where all the light switches are, set your AC to the temperature that you want it and show you were the remote is.ROOM- Very nice. We got the Jr suite room 1044 building 4. King size Bed, Jacuzzi tub for 2, separate shower, Double sink, very big bathroom.Ok a couple of things. Yes the jacuzzi takes a long time to feel up but are you in a rush. Do you have to go back to work, your on vacation find some thing to so while its filling up. Also when taking a shower water will spill out onto the floor and you will have a puddle on the floor. It is not the end of the world. Throw a towel on the floor to soak it up or let the maid do it. Once again your on vacation dont let the little things get to you.Speaking of the maid. I gave hear $10 the first morning that I saw her. She did not speak very much english so I told my girlfriend that we wanted to have extra towels, extra pillows, and that the mini frige stock every day instead of every other day. I also left her $1 a day along with some sample lotions and shampoos that i had gotten from all the hotels that I had every stay at. No problems the rest of the week. Lets see $15 dollars spent and didnt have to worry about my room for the entire time. Lets move on.POOLS- I think there were about 5 different pools to choose from. They were are clean and warm. Yes your in an outside pool. There are going to be some bugs floating or a leaf but for the most part they were great. My favorite pool was the main one in the palladium. A couple of good games of water polo were played in this pool. One thing that I had brought with us was a inflatable chair w/ cup holders from walmart. About $8.00 spent and everyone was envious of us. They have about 12 stools in the water to just sit back relax and drink. Swim up bars are the greatest invention since sliced bread. That must tell you that Yes we did drink alot.DRINKS/BARS- RUM-RUM AND MORE RUMEvery bartender in the DR has a heavy hand. They do not believe in 1 1/2 oz. or even 2 oz. not that I'm complaining it was great. I figure while im there drink the local flavor rum and coke or to them its called a CUBRA LIBRE which means rum and coke witha a lime. All of the frozen drinks like pina coladas and strawberry daiquiries were never really frozen and they melted within minutes. There was never any discussion from a bartender if you asked for a different drink or if you didnt like your drink. Most of the time you just asked for MUCHO HIELO(sounds like yellow) in your drink. That means lots of ice. The ice seems like it would melt in about 2 minutes. I recommend bringing a plastic mug and using that at the pool. It will keep your dring alot colder and you wont have to keep refilling so many times. They give you a 8oz. plastic cup. We brought 64oz mugs that were great fill up and we were good to go. Basically all the bars are the same they were always willing to help you with your drinks i never had to wait a long time for drinks but then i did leave a dollar or 2 so that they wouldn't forget me. One more thing It is all the Domestic alcohol that is all-Inclusive. If you want the Absolut, Tangueray, Johnny-Walker you have to pay for that, about $3-4 dollars a drink. They have their brands which are not the same but the few drinks other than rum that I had I didnt wake up with a hangover, and thats a good sign.BEACH- very nice beach. Didnt spend too much time on it but the little bit that I did was nice. Yes there is topless women on the beach as well as speedos so cover the little ones eyes. Other people talked about getting up at the crack of dawn to get a chair. I dont know what they were thinking. We went down about 10am and found plenty of chairs. There was enough trees and shade to keep you out of the sun if you wanted to. Bring extra sunscreen because the sun is a lot hotter over there and because it will cost you an arm and a leg. Also bring some of the moisturizer that you use after you burn because you will need it. Speeking of ShoppingSHOPPING/FLEA MARKET-Lets start out like this. If you like to be the center of attention, like to have everyone call your name, like to be treated like a king. then go to the Flea Market. Because there everyone will want you to go into there store and they will not take no for an answer, Everyone will call you there brother or sister or cousin and that you must buy from them cause were family and everyone will give you the best deal because you are you and that they know that werever you came from you are someone important there. All in all the Flea Market was not worth the 15 minute walk the beach. But if you must buy something to take home with you you have 2 options. First option is the supermarket in front of the palladium. They have some good deals in there that are better that the Flea Market ex. Rum as well as paintings. 2nd options is that 1 day during the week they allow some vendors from the flea market to set up there goods around the main pool. The nice thing about this is that now your on your own turf. If you want to get away just jump in the pool. Bottom line If you want peace of mind go to the supermarket. If you like to haggle then go with the flea market. Word of Advice whatever they start at you can get them down about 50%. One vendor told me a small bottle of rum would be about $5.00. In the supermarket it was about $2.75. ENTERTAINMENT- if you are looking for broadway shows then you need to continue looking because you will not find it here. The entertainment that they have will make you laugh or cry if you stay long enough. It was bad. The same people that were teaching you salsa lessons and playing bingo in the mornings were the same ones performing 12 hrs later. They tried. Enough said.CELLPHONES- Verizon yes. You will be in roaming. I havent gotten my bill yet but i only talked about 5 minutes every other night. Every other carrier No.RESTAURANTS- Best Restaurant for breakfast was the El Arreciffe. It was very spacious and indoors(important). All of the other restaurants were ok. The secret is that they have a different theme in each restaurant everynight so when you find a theme that you like your set. You just go to the restaurant that is having your theme that night. But be a little adventurous its not going to kill you. Mexican night was very good as well as the dominican theme and the international theme.TOURS- Outback Safari tour was very nice but long. We spent about 5 hrs riding in the truck but made frequent stop to see some very interesting sites. Stopped for lunch on a ranch. Good food lot of hammocks and lawns chairs to relax on after lunch. Beach was very nice but not long enough. Only about 45 minutes.I would recommend this to anyone.GENERAL- The resort is very nice very with a staff that is very friendly and that tries to make your vacation a pleasant one. Good luck and Adios  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>AMAZING TRIP BUT A FEW NEW HELPFUL HINTS I just got back from a week at the Palladium (July 17-24) with my family. The weather was perfect and the resort was gorgeous. I had an amazing trip and was very prepared thanks to these reviews. I suggest to read as many as you can!! I will just comment on things that I have not yet read. * USE YOUR ROOM SAFE!!!! I had all my cash (only $50 but still) stolen from a small tote bag contained IN my suitcase, under piles of clothes, bathing suits and undergarments. I find this a huge violation of privacy. My sister also had a bathing suit stolen from her, and money was taken from 2 other rooms of families we were travelling with. I am actually surprised that no one else has ever had this problem. Because they offer the room safe, the resort really did nothing about this, except claiming to monitor the maids entries into our rooms.* Do NOT expect an upgraded room. With all of the reviews mentioning a free upgrade to a junior suite, we went optimistically hoping for one too. It turned out to be quite the opposite, as our first room as FAR from the palladium lobby, just bordering on the fiesta beach resort, and in a not yet renovated area of the resort. After about an hour of complaining, we got an upgrade for ~$100 for the week. The new room was convenient and beautiful.* Besides for thsoe two things, everything about the vacation was perfect. We always found food we enjoyed, and the drinks were pretty good. Unlike other places, there was not a fancy drink menu, so you just had to know what you wanted. Also, if possible learn a little Spanish, as most of the staff does not speak very much English. Other than that be, be prepared for a beautiful beach and great vacation :)  
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good service; terrific beaches... the four of us returned last night -- hubby and I plus our two teenagers--- after a week at Palladium. Here are some things you might want to consider before heading to Punta Cana and staying at Palladium:Food: after four days, we were tired of the food and by the fifth day, we were all taking Pepto Bismal despite drinking bottled water. Bring Immodium with you (the Supermercado charges 3x as much as U.S. and they run out of it mid-week). Food is mostly spicy beef and pork dishes, lots of rice, eggs, potatoes. Only salad greens are iceburg lettuce; lots of pineapple, mango, passion fruit and cantelope. No berries of any kind, no grapes, apples, etc. Also, there are no snacks at all so you only eat in the restaurants. No pool or bar snacks anywhere.Weather: incredibly humid. We each brought 2 swimsuits apiece -- wish we had brought more because your clothes never really dry due to the humidity. Sun shined every day but one. We wore SPF 45 every day to avoid getting burned. Even with my Italian skin, I needed the protection.A/C: the only air conditioning is in your villa. The hotel lobby and all the restaurants are open air. so bring lightweight clothes. It takes some getting used to. We found ourselves rushing through meals because it was so warm.Beaches: beautiful and very clean. lots of beach chairs available. plenty of activities if you wish to participate.Pools: could have been cleaner; especially with the swim-up bars and people having drinks in the pool. area surrounding pools is kept very nice; lots of pool chairs.Staff: extremely friendly and they work really hard. We tipped a lot and always got what we requested.Language: our kids both take Spanish and had a great time communicating with the staff!Topless sunbathers: be prepared! The hotel is frequented by a lot of Europeans; majority of the women sunbathe topless at both beach and pool. Other guests: Majority of guests were French; they clustered together and were not friendly towards Americans at all. Smoking: the European guests smoke like crazy -- everywhere -- beach, pool, restaurants. There are no smoking sections in restaurants. We had a no smoking room but the room smelled like smoke anyway. Apple Vacations was easy to work with and their staff were friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>More needed for young teens We recently returned from a 7 night stay at the Palladium (July 14-20). The resort is beautiful and the people are very friendly! Unfortunatly, our check-in did not go well. The bell boy took us and our luggage to a room located in the middle of the resort area. When he opened the door, we were all a little shocked to find other guest's luggage there! We all went back to the Lobby to find that the people who were in our assigned room had paid extra to keep that room until 6:00PM. They could not promise the room before 8:00PM. It was very hot, as we expected, and the only place to change for swimming was a public restroom. Our only other option was to take the only other room they had. It was the farthest room from the pool and beach. After staying beachfront both in St. Thomas and in Playa, Mexico, this was very disappointing for all of us. Perhaps a policy change is needed for people wishing to keep their rooms past check-out.The reosrt needs more areas for young teens. Our 11 and 17 year old son and daughter could not find a place to hang out with other kids. The sports bar had two games, never available! The area to get miniture golf and ping pong equipment closed at 5:00PM! We were told that a new disco is being built by the sports bar and that the old disco by the pool is being made into a game room. They are not sure when that is going to be complete but it is a great idea!The buffets are typical of an all inclusive but we did enjoy the wonderful service we recieved from the wait staff at the lobby buffet.We now know that we prefer a smaller resort that is easier to get around, waiting for one tram to come (about every 20 minutes) was a waist of time but it was a very far walk to the beach from our room.The junior sweets are just perfect. If something in the room is not working, don't expect to have it repaired while you are there! Our safe was never opened and the jets in the tub did not work, both had been reported to the lobby.We were Apple guests and took two wonderful tours, the best part of our vacation! Both the Safari and the Marinarium Snorkeling trip are worth every penny! Go for it!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cherylhans
<Content>Can't wait to go back!! Wish I were still there...What a wonderful vacation. My husband and I with our 4 children stayed at the Palladium from July 9th through July 16th and were very pleasantly surprised considering some of the reviews that we have read. Apple vacations did a wonderful job. Everything from our flight to airport transfers was top notch. Mica did a wonderful job at filling us in on all the important information we needed and was a pleasure to deal with when we had some health issues with our daughter and needed a refund for our scheduled excursion. The hotel was absolutely beautiful. Despite what other reviewers said about the hostility towards the Americans, we found this NOT to be true. Although there were many different nationalities at the resort, I felt that we were treated no different than anyone else. We were treated with the utmost respect and were always greeted with an hola from everyone to the grounds keepers to the maids. We found everyone to be overly friendly and extended a smile. We also had no problems with getting chairs at the beach or the pools. We NEVER reserved a chair with a towel and usually got to the pool or beach by 10:30 or 11:00 a.m. and ALWAYS found an empty space. Considering there were 6 of us, I did not see this as a problem at all. We found the food to be very good. We had no problems with the temperature of the foods and there was such a variety that everyone had a choice to their liking. We ate dinner at the Tex Mex restaurant for one of our two a la cart meals and this was excellent. For any chocolate lover, I would strongly suggest the banana bread dipped in chocolate with banana sauce for dessert, ummm!! We did not use our second a la cart reservation because on the same night we found out they were having a beach bar-b-que, which was amazing. As for the drinks.... they were plentiful! Yes, the drinks were sometimes not frozen, but the flavor was still there. If we needed ice, we just asked for it and received it. Just a warning though for all of you pina colada lovers - they are made with real coconut milk, which is a natural laxative!! So yes, after about 4 days of drinking the coladas - stomach issues did develop, but more because of the coconut milk than due to the food. My daughter also developed a 24-hour bug, but was fine after a night of rest and some Imodium. Excursions - we took the Outback Safari excursion and I would highly recommend this tour. This tour shows you the real Dominican Republic and its people. After a day on this tour, drinks not being frozen enough is very trivial. Nacho was our tour guide and he was just awesome - I wish we could have brought him home with us. Nacho - if you are reading this, the DR school system lost a gem when they lost you! The hotel is very large and spaced out.... BUT they do have shuttle stops and shuttles will come and pick you up and take you where you need to go! This was not mentioned in any of the reviews that I have read. The weather could not have been better, 85 degrees every day and sunny, with the exception of one 10-minute thunderstorm one day. The restaurants are a bit warm, but this is mainly because they are open buildings. This is the true island experience! All in all, we found Palladium to be a very wonderful experience. Everyone from the staff to Apple vacations were top notch. I would highly recommend this vacation to anyone. I would be happy to answer anyone's questions through my e.mail address... We can't wait to go back. P.S. Hello to all of Nacho's family from the outback tour!!!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to relax We were there from Friday 7/2 to Wednesday 7/7.Traveled thru Apple Vacations. The on-site Apple reps were VERY helpful. They were there at the airport and the resort. They arranged transportation to and from the airport. (30 min drive) Don鈥檛 miss the orientation session. It鈥檚 very informative.FOOD: I forgot to take a pair of long pants so we could NOT eat at the ala cart restaurants. That was not a problem because the food at the buffets were great! I don't understand what people are complaining about. We ate at the buffets in the Palladium and the Palace. We had so many choices if was tough to decide what to have. It changed every day. You could always get a steak (cut thin, but tasty), hamburger, pork chop, or some kind of fish at the grill. There was a pasta bar (made to order) with your choice of pasta and several sauces. (the red meat sauce and the garlic sauce was very good) The variety of meats (cut to order) most nights were roast turkey, several types of roast pork, roast/fried chicken, Roast beef, duck, rabbit. There were many side dishes to choose from also. There was a cheese station, fruit station, desert station, crape station (made to order) Breakfast was the same. Omelets and pancakes to order, cereals, fruits etc.The people who could not find something to eat were the problem, not the resort. We did tip the waiters a couple of dollars a day, (bring plenty one dollar bills) and they really took care of us. We sat in the same area every day/night, so we had the same help every day/night. The wine was sub par, but drinkable. The local beer was good. We are not fruity drink people so I cannot comment on them. (I had one pina colada that was good to me) ROOM:Jr suiteVery clean and roomy. (No bugs) The bathroom was huge. Separate walk-in shower stall and separate toilet stall. Double sinks and a large Jacuzzi. (worth the extra bucks) We had two full size beds, they offered to move us to a suite with a queen bed, but we were ok with the full size beds. We left the maid a dollar and a small gift every morning. She did not speak English, but she was very thankful. (my wife picked up fingernail polish and other 鈥済irly鈥?items from the dollar store before we left)Only negatives: The room did not have a clock. Not sure why, but we did not ask.They did not restock the Mini Bar every-other-day as they said they would. We brought back bottled water from the bars to keep in the room. We did hear complaints about the standard rooms, so spend the extra and upgrade to the Jr. suite. BEACH:The beach was one of the best we have seen. Palm trees all along the beach. You had to get out early to get a prim spot under the trees, but who goes to the beach to be in the shade??? fine white sand (no sea shells on the beach or in the water what so ever) Beach chairs were not a problem, there were LOTS! No waiters on the beach, you had to get up and get your own drinks at the bars (on the beach) They are not building anything higher than the tree line, so all you see is palm tree lined beach as far as you can see. SHOPPING:There was a local flea market at the end of the beach. . Most shops had someone who could speak English. The local merchants there are VERY aggressive! They will give you a price (which will be very high) and they expect you to barter with them. If you are not used to this type of shopping it can be very frustrating. It is not for everyone. I suggest you check out the prices at the resort gift shop first (which are high by there standards) then go down to the flea market. At least you will have a price reference to start your bartering. If they give you a free necklace, this means you paid too much, and they are 鈥渕arking鈥?you as an over-paying tourist for the rest of the merchants. So take it off before you continue shopping. We did purchase some items at the flea market, but it was not worth the hassle, so we brought some things at the resort gift shop before we left.The Airport has a Duty Free and a very small gift shop (not a lot of variety). RESORT:There were not many Americans there. (maybe 10%) It is VERY European.The help was not rude to us and we did not see them being rude to anyone else. Maybe the people who complained were frustrated with the non-English speaking help??? You will make out better if you at least try to learn/speak their language. We always asked how to say different words and they would ask how to say the same word in English. I think they really appreciate you trying. They seemed to really warm up if you tried. The front desk people all spoke English and were very helpful. It took a couple of days to find our way around the resort. There were many paths to and from the beach, pool and lobby area. The lobby area (open air) and bars were humid at night. (the lobby/front desk area was being renovated) The ocean breeze did not make it that far inland. The closer you got to the beach, the cooler it got. The pool is closer to the beach, so if you just want to relax away from the crowd and stay cool, hang out at the pool bar at night. The bars on the beach are closed at night, so the pool bar is your best bet. There was always some sort of group activity at the pool area during the day. (games, dance lesions, water polo etc.) It looked exciting , but we hung out on the beach most days. The nightly shows were in Spanish, so we did not attend any. The disco is nice for the younger crowd. There was a band in the lobby area every night. (but it was too hot for us to hang out there). We did get a few mosquito bites at night.Overall, we would give it a four star rating. (we would go back)  
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>best vacation since long time After visiting Jamaica en Mexico last year I must say that this vacation from 26th june untill 8th of July was very very nice, we were there with our daughter Sweta and a girl friend from her, we stayed in jr suite rooms, they were very big and nice, close by the ocean like we had asked in our vacation center, on the end of the street you can find local shops all the same but nice, we went for a half day out with a quad nice places and very funny we have met, another day we went out for a whole day with the buggy tours, when you want to see something of the dominican punta cana you have to do this they make a movie with nice music overhere in belgium we show it to all our friends and now they all want to visit the dom. repl. the food was ok only it was to warm in the restaurants little more ac would me no luxe, the swimming pool was good only on the bar you could sometimes smell something bad, the shows in the evening were ok, we want to send our copliments to the animation team VERY good our daughter and her girl friend had the best time of our vacation, even my husband it was the first time he was amazing with the people on holiday he played volleybal did petanque etc... lot of fun we are planning to come again this year as soon as we can, we miss the whole crew off the animation very friendly people, it was the first hotel that the waiters are coming with drinks and bring it alround the pool!!! we were afraid but we were so happy after that we had visit this hotel, don't wait and go and give our regards to the animation crew with kisses from Belgium people (sorry for my bad english) xxx XXX Lynn Bruno Sweta and Kristina  
<Date>Jul 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awsome Beaches  Hola! We just returned from a 4 day 3 night vacation at the Palladium Grand and want to offer some reviews and tips for those considering this resort. First and foremost, Apple Vacations did atremendous job from check in at BWI Airport,flight and transfers. Go to the informationsession at the hotel as Mica has a lot ofhelpful tips. We were only in Punta Cana for3 nights, so we did not do any of the excursions.We had a romance suite complete withan outside shower and hammock. It wasthe largest room we ever stayed in and wasquite clean. although the inside shower waterwas too hot to use. We loved the room! The beaches were the nicest we have everseen. Water was clear, seaweed was notmuch of a problem. Loads of Palm Trees! The pool at the Bavaro was always crowdedand yes, you need to claim a chair early, althoughit seemed it was quiet from 3:00 on. Go to yourdollar store and bring one of those small raftsto float on. Do you like to walk? If not, this is not the placeto be. Bring comfortable walking shoes or sandals.This resort is very spread out and you do havethe option to go to their other two sister resortswhich are right next door. However, the groundsare beautiful.The food, considering we had buffets, four daysin a row were ok. All of the resorts have, more orless the same food. It was nice to check out theother resorts, which were less crowded.As for drinks, expect them to have little or noice unless you ask. Our favorite wasfrozen lemonade with rum! We drank bottledwater, as well as brushed our teeth with it, but both got sick anyway, although not enoughto keep us down for an extended period of time. The staff was very friendly, although languagewas a constant barrier, but it was fun to try tocommunicate with them.This place had about 90% Europeans, so wewere thrilled to hear English spoken a few timesa day.Be sure to call home from your hotel room,it was not that expensive. Cell phones do notwork. Cost $9.00 to call twice for 5 minutes.We enjoyed the latin style music surroundingus around the resort. Merengue dancing was fun!If we ever return, we would take Imodiumthe day we leave and every day thereafter toprevent the runs.In retrospect, we are not sorry that we went,because it was an absolutely gorgeous island,with very friendly people and a fun multi-culturalatmosphere, at a beautiful resort. We wouldn't advise people NOT to go but to be prepared, in advance, of possible stomach issues . If it wasn't for that, we would had the best time ever.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beautiful beach.........at least!!!! My husband and I just returned from 5 days at this resort. we booked thru apple vacations so our trip was an easy one.There is so much to say so I will stick to the important issues.Check in, was easy, our room was ready at 10:am, we had a jr. suite, very nice and roomy. Had a 2 person jacuzzi tub, jets very weak, water not hot enough for my liking. All in all, nice room.Food,......... be careful! We were both sick as were many of the guests, I question the food temps, lots of food sitting out that should be kept hot or refridgerated. Resterants are hot, not much AC! We found it difficult to eat in such hot weather, very humid in resterants. But,.......this is the D.R. and they are used to no AC. Buffet food was fair, I expected more, but was adaquate. DONT DRINK THE WATER, they do provide plenty of bottled water. AS FOR DRINKS..........dont set your stanards high or you will be very disapointed! They are very small and dont know what frozen means. Most drinks we had were runny and not cold enough.Pool, Well, lets just say hope you like getting up at the crack of dawn to save a chair, everyone puts towls on chairs to save them, yet some remain vacant all day. Pool was not the cleanest, outdoor jacuzzis, discusting!!!!!!! We have privlidges at the Fiesta next door, their pool is much nicer and less crowed.Staff, with the exception of our housekeeper, they are extremely rude and obvious they dislike amaricans. We made up less than 10% of the guests. Mostly eurapeans who dislike us also and wanted us to know it. We found it very hostile.Nice resort in general, but next time I want spend my hard earned american dollars, I will spend it at a friendly resort like the ones in cancun!!!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Midwestdaughter
<Content>Can't wait to go again My family and I stayed at the Palladium in May for one week and fell in love with it! The staff treated us very well and our rooms --junior suites-- were very comfortable and clean. We were worried that the language barrier would be a problem as we speak no Spanish, but it was no big deal. Most of the staff has some smattering of English and were more than willing to try to understand us so we got along just fine. The buffet restaurant was by far the best place to eat...always a huge selection of a variety of foods. Keep an open mind and give some new things a taste. Goat was not something I'd eat again, but was glad I tried! The beach and ocean were fantastic. Clean white sand and warm blue water. Yes, it's fairly windy, but the warm breezes kept us from over-heating. The pool is beautiful and large with a nice sized kids area for the little ones (and their parents). We had some rain most every day but it's so warm and brief that is was no problem. The resort itself is beautifully maintained and the plant life is bright and lush. Flowering plants everywhere and absolutely no problem with insects. This was the most relaxing vacation we have ever been on. Our biggest decisions were wether to go to the beach or the pool, and which restaurant to eat at. We are already saving to go back again next year! We loved the Dominican.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tropical paradise....... Paradise on earth, that is how I would describe my experience at the Palladium Grand Beach Resort and Spa. Myself and my girlfriend went down from June 28th to July 2nd. Two women ages 39 and 41 we were a little bit unsure of our security, however those concerns vanished quickly. This was our first time so I thought it would be benefical to let you know some ins and outs after arriving in the Domincan Republic. We did the Apple Vacations deal all-inclusive - which I will continue to do from now...All-inclusive is the way to go. When arriving at the airport at the Domincan it could catch you off guard a little bit if you have never been to another country - so be aware when getting off the plane. Keep in mind this is a poor country and their airports are not like ours in the states, yet there architecture thats all hand done on these buildings - meaning the resort and airport are wonderful. Anything outside these locations are poor and run down with trash collecting on each side of the street as the bus transports you to your resort. A great time to reflect on how blessed you are as you look at the faces of the domican people standing beside the road side as you go by with the looks of unpredictable futures and the fatigue of just surviving another day in the scorching heat. The resort was beautiful. They are still renovating in the lobby but nothing that took away the beauty of it all. I did talk to the front desk about the rooms it seems Apple Vacations does book a block of rooms and according to him 99 percent of the time they are Junior suites and they are out of this world. So just go in with a smile and a great attitude and I am sure you will get that junior suite at no extra charge. Try learning some phrases in Spanish, they really get a kick out of you trying to learn their language and will even help you with it. The people their were very nice and always polite. I found people that were in the resort from other countries needed to take a few lessons on manners more then the dominican people did. And I will not mention those countries. Just beware. Weather - please don't do as we did and watched the weather everyday before we left to see what it would be like. Before we left the weather was showing cloudy with thunderstorms everyday. It didn't happen. Everyday was beautiful, blue skies and turquoise beach with white sand and a gentle breeze of about 13 miles an hour. The humidity is very high their however so be prepared to sweat as you take those strolls all the tropical grounds or snapping those photographs. It is HOT!..You will probably live in your swim suits. Take two with you and alot of sleeveless shirts and breathable shorts. And remember ladies when going into any buffet (which were awesome as well) you are not permitted to show your midsection. You can go in and eat in your swim suits however no skin can be showing around your stomach. Just throw on a shirt or bathing suit cover before you enter. One more thing and if you should have any further questions don't hesitaten to email me. Last but not least - most cell phones do not work down their ours didn't (sprint) and the people we talked to theirs didn't either. CAUTION: Please wait to make any phone calls from the room long distance until after your meeting with Apple Vacations representative. We were a little upset, due to the fact that when we arrived at 11:00 am - the meeting with the Apple rep wasn't until 5:00pm. Well we wanted to give our families a call to let them no we made it in okay. Well we thought calling collect would be the cheapest and then give our family the 800 number to the hotel and our room number. Well come to find out when the meeting commenced at 5:00pm we were told by the rep not to make collect phone calls because you would be charged $9.00 a minute....yes thats what I said $9.00 a minute just from the hotel when you checked out - plus a high charge tacked on to the United States bill at home.We talked for about 5 minutes, no charges were incurred at the hotel but we have not yet received the American bill yet. Just be careful. Call the desk before calling home for the most inexpensive way to call home. Any other questions let me know. A vacation well worth it for the price and beauty that just takes your breath away. Ahola!!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best vacation ever! Wow! Where to start?! My family, my best friend, and I (a total of 4 people) took our trip to the Palladium from June 21 to June 28, 2004. From day one, the Palladium proved to be not only a beautiful and relaxing vacation spot, but an up-to-date resort with an extremely hard working staff. Check-in was a breeze; the front desk workers did their job quickly, efficiently, and in a very friendly manner. We were even moved up to a Junior Suite from a Deluxe Room. Our villa (#04) was beautiful from the outside, and in a great location. One warning: The marble floors become EXTREMELY slippery after the tropical showers, so watch your step. Our room (#1046) was possibly one of the best parts of the vacation. We had our own jacuzzi tub and a great view from our balcony. The bellboys were also very friendly and hard working. The entire resort is very upkept and clean. The landscaping is gorgeous. Everywhere you go, palm trees and tropical flowers are in full bloom, and you will never see any dead leaves lying on the ground. All the pools were beautiful and very clean. The food was delicious! I am a very picky eater (I hardly like any fruits or vegetables!) but every day, I ate till I could hardly move! Some things were a little bit different then back home, but they still taste great! At each meal time, you can find about 6 buffet tables, filled with different foods from countries all over the world. Desserts are excellent! The beach was beautiful...White sand with tiny pieces of pink stones. I was up to my neck in the ocean water and could still see my toes---much unlike the Jersey Shore water. We did take an Apple Vacations tour to the Marinarium. They arranged a bus to pick our group up in front of the Lobby and take us to the dock where the boat would leave. It was a fun filled day, but I don't suggest you go if you are afraid of snorkling, sharks, or sting rays. The Entertainment is very intersting to watch. The dancers work very hard during the day to achieve perfection to their routines. We attended a Beach Party which featured great barbecued food and wonderful entertainment and dancing. Everyone on the staff at the Palladium is very friendly. You can be sitting on the beach and young men and women will greet you with an 'Hola!' and ask if you would like to participate in Aerobics or Merengue lessons. I encourage you to take the lessons! They are very fun! I highly recommend this resort. I had the best week of my life when I was there and can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ravenfan
<Content>A very relaxing vacation Since this was my first vacation to the DR and to an all inclusive resort, I can't make a comparision to an other resort. That said, this was one beatifull place to enjoy a vacation. I used this site to get other opinions about Punta Cana and they helped alot. We stayed at the Palladium from 6/18 to 6/25/2004. I booked the trip thru Apple Vacations and had no trouble what so ever. We were on their charter airlines USA3000 and it was on time, clean and comfortable. Check in and check out was a breeze. Apple had a desk at the hotel if we had any problems.Hotel- very clean, well kept, huge. Be prepared to walk because this is a big place.Rooms-Get a Jr. Suite. This was the largest resort room I ever had. It was gorgeous. Request Blg. 29 Room 1296- it's the closest to the beach and on the second floor. Great view!Service-I can't say enough about the help. From the maids to the waiters to the bartenders to the front desk they were all courteous and helpfull.Meals-Some people have complained about the food but I thought is was fine if not good. Beer was very good and they would mix any drink you wanted.Pool-very clean. Pool bar was great. No problem getting chairs.Beach-was absolutely picturesques. Palm trees, white powder sand and clear water what else is there. Also, a nice breeze all day long.I don't know if the hotel wasn't full, but we waited in line for nothing. Bugs were not a problem. Beach chairs were plentifull. Weather was great-cloudy most of the time but it made the beach relaxing. I have to dig deep to find something to complain about- the frozen drinks at the beach bar aren't frozen all day.This was first class vacation.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BAM/Ohio
<Content>Back to Reality...Hints for your stay Just back from a wonderful 7 day stay at Palladium..I also switched from Sunscape due to the soaring prices... For 2 adults and 2 children our room a junior suite(we upgraded through our agent..was great, large rooms -building 15, rm. 1152 faced gardens, equal distances to beach and lobby. I was disappointed not to have ocean front but from the looks the ocean front really wasn't that great of a view and we didn't have to walk so far to everything in the evenings.Yes I went every morning to beach at 6AM coffee in hand I made in my room.. to make sure we got a shaded hut, but I stayed all day and it was well worth the beautiful peacifulness of the ocean at that time of day.  The beach always had a breeze but the sun gets intense and shade is welcomed. Food was OK, I would have preferred more sitdown got tired of the buffets. You are only given 2 vouchers with Apple vacations for sitdown dinners everything else is buffet.Our favorite buffet dinner was the pizza and pasta buffet, at the fiesta palace. went twice..Oh yes with our package we had access to all 3 Fiesta Resorts. We walked and swam at all three..the other pools at fiesta beach and palace resort were not nearly as crowded , nice change. The chef right inside the entrance , the pizza and pasta buffet makes a delicious custom made to order dish for you..many missed his talents since his station is right by entrance..and they settled for the pizza and buffet dishes so make sure to get the made to order. At lunch down on the beach El Ariche, their lunch pasta made to order was great. The hamburgers and pizza there were good, the kids always liked that. The all night sports bar was great for those late night cravings made to order hamburgers, cookies, ice cream, coffee, along with big screen TV. Nighttime shows mostly dancing, boring after a long day in the sun..but some enjoyed it. I wasted time walking twice down the beach to the shops..on Thursday evening the local artesans set up poolside and had all the same stuff and I made just as good of deals then and quality looked a little better...they usually took at least 50% off their original price....check if that is every week. Beach Barb-Q nothing compared to Sunscape but everyone was having fun with lots of dancing and drinking...it was not advertised good. We had made reservations for one of sit down meals that evening, before we realized there was activity and meals on beach.  USA 300 superb flight..no problems with transfers....as far as tourist cards, I was all prepared with 3 pens and the officer said just pass on through fill them out later before return..so don't fill them out to you get a chance later during your stay. Airport has improved in announcing flights ..new areas for food and drinks available, but I saw 2 people get taken by cashiers or at least arguing over proper change...be careful.I would probably return to Dominion Republic maybe try the newer SunscapeLa Roma??Any ?'s e-mail me  
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Palladium Bavaro Grand We just returned today (6/28) from a full week in Punta Cana. I was so excited to go since I am a travel agent, I sell the destination, but I hadn't visited yet. There were six of us - my husband, myself, our 18 year old son, 16 year old daughter, 7 year old daughter and our son's girlfriend. We chose a family suite which consists of a jr suite with bedding for 6 and adjoins to a standard room with a king size bed - the bathroom in the jr suite was huge! Big jacuzzi, separate walk-in shower, etc. Great location - quick to get to the beach, the pool  spa/gym facilities.The Palladium/Fiesta properties are very large, though very easy to navigate. There is quite a bit of renovation going on in different sections (Fiesta Beach) and the lobby of the Palladium, but it didn't detract from our enjoying the property.The staff (dining, bar, pool/activity staff) was eager to please and eager to serve. There wasn't one person who didn't greet you with an Ola as you passed by. The food was good - we always found something to eat. There was a good selection at the buffet meals and the two alacarte's we ate in (mare norstrum  tex-mex) were excellent.We did two excursions (the outback safari  the james bond/snorkeling tour). Both were good, but highly recommend the outback safari - very good way to get a feel for where you are, the country and its people. My husband and two daughters went to Manati Park. They enjoyed their time there, although limited. My 7 year old swam with the dolphins, but I doubt that they would do that again because in my husband's estimation there were probably a total of 120 people that swam with the dolphins that day (a 9:00am session and a 2:00pm session. He felt the dolphins were overworked and it was cruel. In fact one dolphin tried to bite a lady. The beach was by far the most beautiful I have ever seen. The setting is gorgeous and they have done a great job preserving the natural landscape up to the beach. We didn't really go to any shows as we were exhausted during the evening from all day water activity. We generally ended up in bed by 9:30 - the disco didn't open until 11pm (too late for me!), so we didn't get to go to it either.The one thing about this property, which may or may not be a detraction, is that it is highly European - which we found to be a rather cultural experience. Communication at times was a problem but we always seem to get things worked out. There were many topless sunbathers at the beach, not at the pool. So for Americans, that can be a little shocking - but prepare ahead of time and just know that the culture is different.We had heard many things about people getting sick while they were there. I am going to step out and make an observation. From hearing about people being sick, I think that a great deal of it has to do with overindulgence in alcohol. We did not have any problems, although we were careful with our water (brushing teeth with bottled water, etc.) My daughter and the girl we had with us had a bit of diarrhea one evening, but it didn't last for long lengths of time. Those that we encountered that has major problems had been sucking down beer, pina coladas, strawberry daqueris, tequila, etc. all day and night long. We drink, but not to excess.My advice would be to do everything (and I mean everything - including eating) in moderation. Don't overlook visiting this country (or this resort) because of fear. Take care, know that you are in a foreign country and take measures to protect yourself, but don't miss going to Punta Cana - you would truly be cheating yourself.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved this polace, hated to leave!!!! we just got back last sunday the 19th, after 10 wonderful days in paradise! our room was spectaular, 30 seconds to the beach, we had the romance suit, which was first class, first rate, it was so elegantly decorated, and always cleaned to perfection! The trip was a breeze, USAIR300 was exceptional, no lines no people on the plane, and the meals were great, felt like first class. The staff at the Palliduim were sooooo wonderful, always happy, and always helpful. The food was terrific, we ate at 3 ala carte, and they were amazing. The beach was soft white sands, so much to do, and or plenty of time to relax. we have designated this place our '' get away'' place from here on in.... 3 1/2 hrs to get there in style, and plan to go back for short stays several times a year! maria our travel agent was wonderful and helpful, we love her!!I have reade all of the negative reviews, we had no bugs, no lanugage problem, just pure peace and enjoyment of a 5 star( should be 10) all inclusive, we will still visit other caribbean places, but will always come back to our Palliduim!!! WE LOVED IT!!!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Short Getaway The beach was nice as was the pools, the food could have been better, and the entertainment was non-egsistant. All and all you get what you pay for  
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bigalle
<Content>plladium june 04 This was our fifth trip to dom rep.ten years ago casa de compo in la romona. great resort but afraid to leave resort country was in trouble. in the last three years i have stayed at the sunscape three times.great hotel ,would have gone back this year but the room rates went sky high,their reviews are still the best on the web. this time around i picked the plladium.i have to say it was better then the sunscape. the beach,pool.food, rooms,property,were great. i must say the people at the sun scape did a better job they seemed to enjoy working at their jobs more then the plladium.we flew aa thru apple great flight.entire trip was $250 less then if i had gone to the sunscape. i am going back to the plladium in sept .  
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DONNAJEAN13
<Content>If there really is a heaven I've already been there once !!! This resort was paradise. Our junior suite (room 1228) was perfect, 2nd floor, ocean view, jacuzzi, quiet, spotless and close to everything. I left our maid gifts every day (lipsticks, small perfumes and nail polish as well as a couple of dollars) and she couldn't do enough for us. Our mini-bar was stocked everyday, not every other. I do insist that you bring a pen with you because as soon as you get to the airport you have to fill out a form and they do not provide pens. Because we had to wait to borrow a pen we almost missed the bus to our resort. The only negatives that we could find at the resort were that children were allowed to sit at the swim up bars in the adult pool. (The children had their own pool area and should have been forced to use it.) Also if you need a shade hut on the beach be sure to be there before the sun comes up to reserve it. We got to the beach one morning at 6:15 a.m. and were able to get one of the last three huts. Unfortunately guests reserve their shade spots in the early morning and rarely come back during the day to use them. I don't know how the resort could possible stop this from happening but I wish they could figure out a way.I also wanted to note the the apple reps did a great job, including the USA 3000 flights. I even won a bottle of champagne on the return flight ! I would definitely use them again !!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>naskapi
<Content>Lost wallet? I stayed at the Palladium from May16th to the 23rd and thought it was fabulous. I have stayed at many resorts in the DR and thought this was one of the best. The food was great, even at the buffet, the entertainment was the only thing lacking. The pools were beautiful and the beach was even better. The rooms were amazing, you don't even usually see that nice of hotel rooms in Canada unless you pay $500 a night. Overall great, will be back.I am actually responding to the previous review. My friend once left her jewelry case at a resort in Puerto Plata, she got it back but about 3 months later. It takes them a long time to do stuff like that down there. Just be forewarned, you will get it back, but it could be a couple of months. It might be faster to get it all renewed in the US.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Eileen_In_NY
<Content>comaprison to Palladium in Playa My husband, myself, my daughter and 2 grandchildren, ages 2 and 8 flew out of Baltimore on May 17, staying untill May 21st. We have been to the Palladium in Mexico many times and thought we would like to try the one in Punta Cana. We have stayed at 3 different resorts there before so we know what a beautiful beach it has. The grounds are very lush and tropical. I liked the fact that you could swim and eat at the other 2 hotels.The Lookea was my favorite because the pool, the beach and their buffet were all right next to the rooms. There were so many pools to choose from ! The casino in my opinion was a rip-off! I would put 4 quarters in an it would register 2. I heard other people complaining too. The food was good, but not up to par. Really no seafood to speak of. The only specialty restaurant we ate at was the Tex-Mex. It was good and it was the only time I had shrimp, which was on their salad bar. The best place we ate was the buffet at the Palace. Good variety and very attentive wait staff. I encountered a problem after we left. My daughter realized she left her wallet with alot of important documents in it behind in the room. When we got home she called the resort and she was told that they found her wallet. They said they would send it, but when she called a few days later to confirm it was sent, they told her they could not that it would have to be handled by her travel agent. We called our agent in Pennsylvania and they said they would E mail them and ask them to send it. It has been 2 weeks and still no wallet. Sure, it was her fault for leaving it, but when they say they are going to send it, whats the problem?? Kind of put a damper on our memories but still had a good time..  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not so bad..... the resort was gorgeous, we stayed from may 29-june 11, we found the food horrible, the staff very rude and unhelpful, and we speak 4 languages, our room was never cleaned, we begged for towels, even with a 10-20 dollar daily tip (us dollars) be very careful of being scammed with a room upgrade, we had the romance suit, which was lovely, when it was cleaned, the hammock and out side shower was wonderful. it was scarey being an american, it was made very clear to us they do not like ammericans very much, thanks to apple vacations and judymarias travel for helping us iron out the kinks isabella and anthony luciano ellington, ct  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The beach was beautiful!!!!!!!! My husband and I just returned from a week at the Palladium Grand in Punta Cana. I researched our vacation for about 2 months before we left, so hopefully this will help. We are both professionals in our 30鈥檚. We usually take one trip a year and have stayed at other all-inclusives. This was our second Apple Vacations tour. The Palladium is part of the Fiesta chain. There are three resorts side by side basically to make one big resort. If you stay at the Palladium you have use of all three.Flight - We flew USA 3000 out of Pittsburgh. Our flight was delayed about an hour due to storms. The flight was around 3 1/2 hours. They serve a breakfast on board and have pop and chips available. When you arrive at the airport you get out on the tarmac and walk to the airport. You are greeted at the gate and they take your picture with two girls, so smile. You can buy the picture when you leave for $6. Customs was easy. You must buy a tourist card for $10 a person. We showed our passport and the card and we were done. You must keep the stub from the tourist card for you departure. There is an Apple rep waiting to take you to your bus. There are people there to carry your bags to the bus if you wish. We tipped $1 a bag. They were appreciative. The ride to the resort was about 1/2 hour by bus. It is a very poor country, there is trash everywhere. Arrival - We arrived at the hotel at about 1:00pm. There was a group of about sixteen of us on the bus. Check in was very smooth. All of our rooms were ready. As you stand in line a waitress brings you a fruit punch (non-alcoholic). We were very pleased to find out that we were upgrade to a junior suite from a deluxe without charge. The bellboy takes your bags for you to a golf cart and then drives you to your room. Room - We were in room 1156, which was directly across from the pool. The room was gorgeous. We had two double beds and a sofa bed. There was a Jacuzzi tub, enclosed shower and toilet and a double bowl sink. We also had a balcony with two chairs and a table that you could see the pool from. They had satellite TV and pay per view. They give you two room cards and a towel card for every person. You must keep a card in a slot in the wall for the lights to stay on. There was a mini bar with beer, pop and water. It was restocked every other day. There was also a coffee maker, iron and ironing board in the room. You need an adapter for the outlets. American plugs have one big side and one small side. The plugs only fit two small sides. My husband filed down a couple of plugs and we took them with us. You can also get them from the front desk for free. There are extra pillows and blankets in the closest. There was also a safe, which I recommend using. I felt that the mattress was hard, but I sleep on a waterbed, so I think that all mattresses are hard. Yes there were small bugs in the room and in the bed. Pool - The pool was very nice. It had a very shallow end for a baby pool then it graduated into a very deep end. The majority of the pool is over 6 feet deep. There is a swim up bar with several stools. I thought that the pool was a fair size. There was never a shortage of chairs. We could usually find an umbrella any time of day. The water was very clear and the pool was well maintained. There were two outside Jacuzzis. The water was very cold.  Beach - The beach was beautiful. The sand was very white with red specks. The water was a gorgeous turquoise blue. There was seaweed on the beach but not much. There was also some in the water. I was very surprise to not find any shells. The first couple of days the water was very chilly. We both like warm water and were surprised at how cold the water was. The first two days there it was very windy. There were some storms and it was very windy (20 mph winds). There were plenty of chairs available. It was hard to find umbrellas at the beach. We usually got to the beach at around 10:30 and they were all gone. I didn't mind because I went there to get sun! There were a couple of bars on the beach to get basic drinks. There are people that come around and take your picture on the beach. One day we had our picture taken with two large parrots and another day with a small monkey. You can buy these pictures by the sports bar for $6 a piece. We bought several because they were very good. There were some topless women at the beach and the pool.Food - We were not impressed with the food or the drinks. When you arrive they give you two tickets for a la carte restaurants for the week. We ate at El Arrecife, which is at the beach at the Palladium. It was good. They had several different choices and we were happy with our dinner. We also ate at the Le Gran Cantina Mariachi, which was a tex mex. This was also very good. The buffets were the problem. The are two lunch buffets at the Palladium. One is at the lobby and the other is by the beach. It rained one day while we were there and the restaurant didn鈥檛 open due to rain. The next day it was nice and the other buffet didn鈥檛 open. The food was mediocre. We didn鈥檛 starve but there were days we struggled to find something to eat. Neither of us are picky eaters. The breakfast buffet was the same everyday. My husband liked the pancake station. They had eggs, bacon, fruit and breads. They did not have any cold or hot cereal or any muffins. Lunch was about the same everyday. We would vary which buffet we ate at for lunch. We also ate at the pizza and paste (located at the Palace). It was not good. After we ate there we had to go to the buffet to eat. I tried many different things (rabbit and goat) so I did have an open mind. The drinks were very watery. You could get top shelf liquor for a price. I took my own flavored liquid coffee creamer and my own coffee. The coffee is very different and there is no flavored creamer. Also if you are very picky about your ketchup or salad dressing, I suggest you take some with you. Entertainment - We did not go to any shows. They didn鈥檛 start until 10:00pm. After being up early and all that sun, we had no energy for shows. They also have a casino at the Palace. We did not go to it either. Activities - There are numerous tours that Apple offers. We were going to do the snorkeling, but after we felt how cold the water was we decided not to. We did get massages on the beach. Very relaxing. We paid $23 dollars for 30 minutes. I felt that was fair. There is a spa and Jacuzzi at the Palladium. You must have an appointment to go there. Shopping - There are several shops on the resort site. The prices at the Fiesta Palace shops were slightly cheaper. There is also a flea market on the beach. The people are very aggressive. Having been to Mexico and done some bartering I felt I was prepared. I was very uncomfortable at the flea market. It was a very slow day and they were very aggressive. We also went outside of the resort, about a block down the road to the right. We got our best deals there. After our experience at the flea market, we decided to pay a couple of extra dollars at the resort shops. Buy your rum at the resort it is much cheaper than at the duty free shop at the airport. Tipping - We tipped the bellboys $1 a bag. We tipped the maids with trinkets and money for the first couple of days. I did not feel that tipping gave us any better service. We didn鈥檛 get any extra towels or any fancy towel animals. It was hard to tip the waiters and waitresses because you never saw the same ones twice. Telephone - We bought a pre-paid phone card before we left. You could not use it from the room. We called home and gave them the 800 number to the hotel and they called us back. We also used the Internet center. It was $3 for 15 minutes and $6 for 30 minutes. They really did not time you. Service - I thought that the service was very good. There were waitress and waiters at the pool and at dinner. Somebody was always willing to get you a drink. Grounds - The grounds were okay. There was a lot of green plant life but I felt very few flowers. They are still remodeling the hotel so it is hard to tell what is done and what isn鈥檛. The Palladium is very easy to get around. There are covered walkways to get between resorts. It is very large once you add all three together. There was a trolley that came through every so often to take you between resorts. We walked everywhere. Overall - We deceided that we would not go back to this resort. It was decent but it was not a 5 Apple, maybe a 4 Apple. We book this resort because we thought it was the best of the Fiestas, but I thought that the Palace looked better. The service was good but the food was the major deciding point. Neither one of us had any stomach issues. We definitely did not have a bad experience. The beach was wonderful and the room was great. There are so many other places to see, I was not impressed enough to go back.   
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Relaxing Vacation! We just got back from a wonderful week at the Palladium. We were there April 19th - 26th. I traveled with my husband and 17-month year old son. This resort was overwhelming at first, because it is so big, but we soon got accainted with all the ins and outs. The beach is beautiful. We could never get out there before 10 am, so all the cabanas were always taken. But with all the palm trees on the beach, it was easy to find some shade. I found the front desk staff not to be very friendly, but everyone else was. They all were great with my young son, always coming up to him and saying, hola. And at dinner, when my son would lose his patience, some of the wait staff would come up and entertain him so that mom and dad could finish our meals. We would always tip our wait staff at least a dollar. Our room was very nice. We were supposed to get a Standard room, however I think we got a Deluxe room. It was updated and very big. The bathroom was huge! I left a couple dollars or makeup for our maid each day. They restocked the mini-fridge every other day. We wrote a note to the maid, asking her for a couple beers and she left them for us. The food was good. It is true what the other reviews say, you have to be a picky eater to totally hate the food. Sure, some things were not the best, but hey it's mostly buffet food, so what do you expect? We always found something good to eat, and plenty of it. I would recommend the Palladium. I was glad to see a lot of families there as well. There actually was a good mix of families and couples both young and older. Thanks for the memories, Palladium!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Was very satisfied Arrived at the Fiesta Palladium Bavaro Resort on Monday, April 5th from Philadelphia. This was my first experience with Apple Tours and an all-inclusive resort. I was very satisfied, and would go back some day, but only after trying other resorts at other locations. The Apple/USA3000 flight and connections went smoothly to and from the resort. The window seat on the plane was too cramped for my 5'9 frame; my back was killing me on the way down. I read many reviews about this resort over the weeks before I took my trip and felt I had a pretty good idea of what I was getting into. The resort was better than I expected. We were a party of 14, including 8 kids, and we didn't have any significant problems with the water. The grounds are well-kept and tropical. The weather was great except a 1/2 a day out of the seven, when it was overcast and rained. White, fine-sandy beaches, clear ocean water, low humidity, bright, warm (strong) sun, and pina colada's under palm trees; what the heck else do you want? The food wasn't cruise-ship food, but I could always find plenty of something that I enjoyed eating. I ate three huge meals a day and was completely satisfied. People who complain must be picky eaters. We stayed in a Jr. Suite which was a very nice room, but it didn't work for our family of five. The pull-out bed sagged like a hammock, and my biggest complaint about the whole vacation was the pillows, absolutely horrible. I had a crick in my neck for most of the week. The rum punches helped with that. The food service staff was excellent, nothing less than that (except for one individual). I give them an outstanding rating. Most of the staff were cheerful, some spoke no English, some conveniently (maybe?) spoke no english. We practiced our broken Spanish - it was fun. The kids had fun and we felt they were safe traveling through the resort on their own. We never made any of the shows or the disco, the sun and water made us too tired to enjoy it. If you want to lay in the sun, go in the ocean, jump in the pool, eat some food and drink some cocktails, you won't be disappointed. If you look for problems, I'm sure you will find them. Oh, and be prepared to fight the daily battle with reserving chairs with the towels - there has got to be a better way to take care of this. We only tried to reserve chairs for the six adults daily, not the eight kids, and you had to keep an eye on them as people tried to steal them from us several times. And we had no problems with bugs.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Isary
<Content>We loved it! We stayed at the hotel Palladium from 3/20 to 3/25,a family, mid twenty's with a 4 year old kid and we can't forget the wonderful time that we spent in the Palladium. We enjoyed everything, beach,pool,food,etc,etc,the way that the staff treat you is wonderful.For the language is ok because we dind't go over there to take english class.We went, just to enjoy that beautiful paradise.We want to come back soon.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent. Loved everything about it The Paladium Bavaro Hotel was great. I can't complain about anything exept for the beach chairs. The towel service is great, the pool is skweaky clean, and the bar sevice makes you feel like a rich man. The rooms are great, removed, no bad smell like in some hotels. Good sized, with air conditionning. Pick a room with two queen bed rather than one king sized bed. I warn you that a queen bed is actually an Americain Twin sized bed. They hardly fit two people each. There are no bug roaming around at night, so the daily shows at 10pm are great entertainment.I'd go back tomorow if I had the chance.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An Objective Review! We just returned from a 1 week stay at the Palladium and it was great. I researched for about 2 months before we left, so hopefully my comments will help you have a great time. Its a little long, but should cover everything you need to know.Travel/Arrival: Flight was direct from Halifax, about 4 hours long. At the airport, you get off on the tarmac (which is different...but exciting with that warm air!). Fill out your tourist card on the plane if you have some questions. When you walk into the airport, two girls take your picture. This took us off guard but on our way back home, we discovered that they had all of the pictures posted in the airport for sale, like a postcard style. SO SMILE!!. We bought one..$6 US. At the resort, guys will also offer to take your picture. Same thing, $6US and you get them at the photo lab next to the Sports bar that same night.Getting our luggage took awhile, since they use two conveyors at the same time. We each stood at one and waited. They will take your tourist card just after you get off the plane and have your picture taken. Have it ready, with your other ID. They give you the second half back, which you need when you leave. Once you have your luggage some guys want to take it, but we said no, and we found most others did too. We simply walked over to the Air Transat counter (all travel agents are there) and we gave the person our name. She gave us our hotel brochure, and told us what bus to get on. We walked to the bus, gave our luggage to the driver and hopped on. The drive to the hotel is about 30 minutes.When we arrived at the hotel, they started taking the luggage off the bus, but we couldn't take it. They told us to check in first at the main lobby. While in line, they put a blue bracelet on us (we were officially here now!!!). They also gave a free fruit punch drink (no alcohol). Our room wasnt ready yet (it was 12noon), it would only be ready around 3. So, they gave us our information package (it contains a list of all the restaurants, their times, etc...VERY USEFUL), plus it had the map of the resort (ALSO VERY USEFUL). They gave us luggage tags which we put on our luggage and left with the bellboy.We got a beer (that first one is great), walked around a little, went down to the beach and ate lunch at El Arreciffe. Before you knew it, it was 3pm. We had to ask at the front desk a couple of times if our room was ready. Each time, they didnt know, and said to come back at 3. At 3, they had to make a call and sure enough it was ready. The bellboy took our luggage and drove us to our room in their little jeep truck.The next day we met our Air Transat representative. I didnt find her very friendly. She reviewed some key points, but a lot of it I already knew from my research and from reading the welcome package we received. I felt she should have met us the day we arrived and not waited until the next day.Room: We had a junior suite and it was absolutely AMAZING. We were in room 1296. Its on the second floor and the last Villa near the beach, so we had an ocean view. Sitting on the patio with that view and breeze is fantastic. There was a couch, 2 beds, lots of closet space and the bathroom was also awesome with a large jaccuzi tub, a glass-enclosed stand-up shower, a glass-enclosed toilet, double sinks. Room 1297 also appeared to have a good view. We were in building 29, but building 27 would also have similar views. These 2 buildings are the best, you won't regret it. We had requested building 27, a second floor room and an ocean view room though our travel agent. I also sent an e-mail to the Hotel a few days before we left....so something must have helped! Remember these room numbers.Restaurants: Being booked at the Palladium, you have access to 9 restaurants. We went to all of them at least once. After reading the reviews, I was hesitant on the food. But, whoever goes and says they couldnt find anything they liked are just way to picky and shouldnt be at these resorts. The buffets have EVERYTHING. The Cathedral is the biggest. There is so much selection between all the restaurants, pasta, chicken, fish, steak, hamburgers, potatoes, vegatables, breads, etc, etc, etc, etc. Some of the buffets have theme nights, and they are listed just outside the door for the whole week. It pays to check them out early, then you can plan where you want to have supper each night.You get 2 a-la-carte dining for a week's stay. We tried the Tex-Mex and must say that we were dissapointed, although I have read lots of good reviews. The appetizers were poor (nachos were hard as rocks and the cheese was hard and lumpy). The tacos were soft-shell and not great. We also tried the Mare Norstrum. The food was better there. It would be a good choice. Really, we always found something we liked at the buffets. We ate lots of chicken, fish, pasta and desserts! Make sure you try the chef's creations (they grill or cook something every night at the buffets). Its always fresh and good.On Tuesdays, they have a great BBQ on the beach with hamburgers, pork and veal. The burgers are the best on the resort. Make sure you take in the bbq, although the line up might be a little long when it first starts. Well worth it!The Sports bar is OK. Nothing great. Its all self-serve though, so dont expect table service. It's American....sports stuff all over the walls, etc. Reminds you of home if you get home-sick.Bars/Drinks: Lots of bars to pick from. All of the lobbies have bars. The main lobby has a list of the included drinks. Pina Colada is not marked as included, but it is, just a mistake on the list. They are great! We tried a lot of drinks...chi-chi, mojito, banana mama, vodkalimonade......some favorites. The beer is very good.Pool: The pool is nice, but if you want a spot in the shade, you have to put your towel out before 7am! You get 2 towel cards in your initial welcome package (Manati Park cards). Exchange the cards for towels, each day until the last day when you pass the cards back in at the front desk. You can exchange towels for towels during your stay too. The waiters are sometimes slow to come by. The swim-up bar is nice. Zoalia is a good waitress at the swim-up bar.Beach: Similar to the pool, if you want shade you have to put your towel out before 7am. There is a breeze at the beach, so there are waves in the water. This is fun. Water is that beautiful turqoise and the sand is pure white....beautiful. There are some beach bars too. The best one is the snack bar in behind El Arreciffe. Antonio and Julio are great waiters here.Entertainment: The night show starts at 10pm. It is far from professional, but usually a good laugh. A nice way to break up the night.We didnt find the disco all that great. They played a lot of American music though, which is nice. A lot of teenagers there, but still nice to sit around and watch.Language: This was our only real negative of this resort. Staff speak very little to no English, which makes communication hard. But we brought a Spanish-English dictionary, which helped. Learn the keywords (Cerveza is beer...Hola is hello...Por Favor is please, etc.) Apparently Puerto Plata has more English speaking, but we got used to it. We learnt the keywords. I wouldnt let this prejudice my decision.Shopping: We never went off the resort, except for going shopping one day. When you're at the beach, you can turn right and walk about 3-4 minutes. You'll come to a set of flags, which means you're off the resort. Follow the fence and at the end, when you get to the shops, turn right and walk up. You will then come to a street on your left. Turn down and thats a little town...supermarket (everything there from liquor to food), also Romana premium cigars is at the end on the right. Cigars are expensive, but they're the real thing, most others are fakes. We changed our money at the supermarket into Pesos, because our rep told us they wouldnt take US$, but they would have. Exchange was 1US$ for 43 pesos. Same rate as anywhere else. The hotel only gave 40, so you're better off going into the town. Lots of other little stores in this small town.Now, back on the beach at the hotel. If you turn left and walk 25-30 minutes, you come to a flea market. (Its just past the point...you'll know what I mean by point...you see the point from the Palladium beach). Here they have lots of stuff. But, they tell you a high price, so you need to knock them down at least 50%. We did that but still found their prices high. With all that hassle it might have been easier to buy at the gift shop on resort. You may pay a little more, but at least there's no hassle.General: Yes, the resort is large, but its manageable. The Palladium is quite easy to figure out, since there are only a few main paths. If you're walking around the villas, just remember that if there's a sign telling you that down a certain path you can get to villa XX, don't go down that way. Stay on the main path, take no side paths, and you can walk from the beach to the lobby quickly. We always took our map and after a couple of days we had the shortcuts down pat.Its great to be able to use all 3 resorts. Gives you great selection and lots of exercise.DO NOT DRINK THE WATER...USE BOTTLED WATERTipping: We tipped the maid every day ($1US, plus a small gift), plus often wrote a spanish note asking for more beer and water in the mini-bar. Every day the bar would be re-stocked, although they are only supposed to do it every 2nd day.We tipped the waiters usually. 1 or 2$ US at the start of sitting down and they usually come back quicker. Some are better than others and some are slow, even with the tips.What to take: Sunscreen (high SPF), Pepto-Bismol, skin cream, US$, $20US departure tax, Passport (or Photo ID and birth certificate), Tourist Card, TylenolDeparture: Airport is easy to manage. Signs tell you where the airlines are and what city you're flying to. You'll have to pass in the second half of your tourist card before leaving, so don't lose it.Overall, we had a great time at this resort. Room was great, food was great, pool/beach were great, landscape was great (very clean). Language is the only issue. I would certainly recommend it to anyone. You will have a nice, relaxing vacation if you visit here. I wouldn't hesitate in going back here. I hope you book and have a great time!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>cross between cruise ship  Booked the palladium from March 13-18,2004. Hint #1-money talks. A dollar for the maid brings towels, flowers, gel  shampoo. A $10.00 at check in gets your room right away. Eat at the ala carte restaurants, although they say only 1 per room, we had 4 of them, just ask at the check in desk nicely. We played golf one day-expensive but lovely. Don't let them ripe you off. the cab was suppose to be included- they charged us- the pro shop sent us to the 9-hole course-my son  I kept playing and found the other course. The rental clubs were nicer then mine at home (with a $1 tip). We bought a picture at the market. Started at $120.00 and bought it for $40.00 and a few packs of baseball cards. Remember to bring a 2-plug converter!!! We went to try a hobby cat-free- and they said it wasn't available-but with a $1 it was available! Our bill when we checked out was $200.00, which was very reasonable. We made 4 long distance phone calls from the room and ordered bottles of wine every night. Also my husband taught them to make martinis and we never got charged!! Would I go back-no-I would try Casa de Campo and perhaps explore Santo Domingo.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful beaches (Wisconsin) Just returned from a great week at the Palladium. First of all I am not sure what other people were complaining about! We had a great time, wonderful weather very clean room ect. The dominican people are extremely friendly and willing to please. Always smiling and singing. This resort does require alot of walking so make sure you are ready for it. The complex is very large however you do not have to walk very far to find something to drink, eat, or just lounge at any of the pools. The beach was quite a walk from our room however. We stayed in a Jr. suite. It was beautiful. It is my understanding that all the jr. suites and the deluxe rooms have been renovated. However the standard run of the house rooms are NOT in good shape at all! While we were staying there we also found out some very interesting information from other people staying on the complex. We were under the understanding that you only had complete run of the complex if you stayed at the Palladium but in visiting with other guests we came to find out that if you were an Apple client and stayed at the Fiesta Palace you also were given the same priviledges. Now knowing this info we would probably choose to stay at the palace next time because they do have ocean view rooms and the price from what I could gather was about the same. The grounds are beautiful and well maintained. The beach is the most beautiful beach I have ever seen and is also very clean. It is raked every morning by the staff. Nightly entertainment was okay could use some work. The food was also okay we could find something to eat every night but it is my understanding that they are working on making the food more palatable for all tastes. As for our expierence with Apple Vacations I cannot say enough good about this company. They were there from the start to the finish of our vacation. Excellent Job Apple. In closing I hope I have helped some travlers in picking a place to stay. All in all we truly enjoyed our vacation and are planning a trip back to the Dominican in 2006 with our entire family. YES we will stay at this comples again!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautifull resort, beach  The resort  beach was beautifull. The junior suite was beautifull  clean. All of the resort staff were excellent, the language barrier is not a problem unless you want to make it one! My only complaint made with great remorse is about the FOOD. My daughter  I lived on rice, chips  salsa, and salad the whole trip. If food is your priority go somewhere else!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful! I recommend the Paladium! A friend and I went to Paladium the first week in March, 2004. When we arrived, our room wasn't ready so we went for lunch, which was not that great. Lesson learned: go to the buffets when the food is fresh...not just before closing time! We got completely lost getting around the MASSIVE resort, and unfortunately, the map/legend you see around the resort has no You are here dot, so it leaves you a little confused. But we were on vacation, so we thought of it all as an adventure...after all, how bad could it be when you are lost and come upon pool after pool after pool and truly beautiful flora and grounds everywhere! By the end of the week we weren't getting lost that often, and just made a game of trying to figure out the best way to get from A to B. After a few hours, we were given our room key and made it there in one piece, and just chilled by a pool with a book.Our room was fine. Ground level, no bugs. The walls are VERY thin so we could clearly hear the conversations and goings on next door! We had a persistent little leak in the bathroom for the entire trip, and ended up drawing a picture to get it fixed...it never really did get fixed, but it wasn't so bad...just annoying. It didn't mess anything up, we just had to keep getting them to bring us a few extra towels. The housekeeping staff put flowers in your room when they clean...it was all very nice.The pools are stunning! It took us the entire week before we actually found the 4th pool, but they are all just so amazing! The only negative with the pools was that you had to wake up early to put your towel out, as is the case at most resorts. I don't sleep in much, so it wasn't a big deal for me.There are lots of europeans at this resort. I speak french, so I didn't mind that at the pool we sat at most days everyone was speaking french, but I was not prepared for the amount of topless sunbathers. It didn't bother me...just took some getting used to. Mostly Germans and French, then Canadians (mix of Ontario/Quebec/Vancouver) and some Americans, but not many. The crowd was not wild and crazy, very tame...if there were more Americans then that would have changed the vibe of the trip.I went to the beach on one afternoon and walked for hours! It is simply spectacular! Blue skies, blue ocean, fairly swimmer friendly, and white fine sand. I walked and walked and walked...make sure to wear sunscreen! There were no vendors, and I got to see lots of resorts and again was very happy with the one I was staying at! It was breathtaking.The food is ok...it's buffet for breakfast and lunch...don't eat too much of the veggies and you'll be fine. I'm not a big meat eater, so I had lots of pasta or fish or french fries (bye bye low carb diet!) but the food was fine. There was actually a pretty impressive variety. Keep in mind: this is an all inclusive resort, there are 3 resorts all together and they are trying to feed 1500 people...you are not at your fancy neighbourhood gourmet steakhouse...be realistic! The a la carte restaurants (we went to 2 of them) were good...we LOVED the texmex place and actually got to go twice. Make your reservation the first day you get there as they fill up quickly (unless you like eating at 9:30 pm!) Actually, if you eat too early, you will fall asleep before anything starts in the evening!The nighttime entertainment (we saw 2 shows) was so much more than I thought it would be! There were shows on several stages throughout the complex, we stayed at the Paladium stage mostly. On our last night (Sat pm) the dance show (pop music) was just so great...I was pretty impressed. Not what I thought it would be! I was expecting run of the mill staff entertaining us...this was pretty good...they were very talented! We never made it to the disco, but one night we heard it. The casino is unimpressive...small...but if you must gamble then they will take your money! There is not a ton to do at night, and I was with a friend (not a boyfriend) and we weren't looking for action, so I was not unhappy about this! I needed to rest for a week and Paladium allowed me to relax in the beautiful surroundings for 7 whole days. No complaints!!!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Palladium-Had a great time. My husband went to the Palladium Mar.1-8, we had a great time. The resort is very pretty,well kept grounds and beautiful clean rooms. We had a jr. suite second floor, the bathrooms are very nice we had no complaints. We took a plug adapter from home that my husband filed the sides on the plug so it would fit into there plugs it worked great. The food was good a little different tasting than we are used to but you should expect that, they had plenty to choose from. We also took our own beach towels from home, we got there early our room wans't ready we changed into our suits and went to the beach for a while came back they took us right to our room. We were in 44, we didn't mind walking the grounds we found shortcuts to the lobby, pool and ocean weren't real far. We had been in the snow for 3mths. it was great to be at such a beautiful place. The ocean was sooo prettytake lots of pics and camcord also the trip happens so fast we want to go again.The Apple reps are great ,USA3000 was good also. We went to go home we got right thru customs all the rest of the people we still standing in line waiting. The workers are very friendly theydon't pass you that they don't say Ohla. The speaking was a small problem but we survived it, we just laughed your on vacationthing to get excited about. We did the aquatic tour had a great time, they were a little late getting there we were just getting ready to leave when they came we thought we missed them we were the only ones waiting at that resort.Our guide that stayed with us in the water was Willie he was great he took my camera underwater and took pics for us they turned out good. We read the coments from people before we went we weren't sure what to expect so we went openminded. We had the best time I could sit on that beach anyday. There is always someone that is going to complain about something. But we just had a great time hated to come back to the cold weather. Met some nice people that flew in with us from Balt. The workers are great fun, we tipped and gave our maid little gift everyday,pens crayons makeup just little things. Take some first aid things just in case, my husband got a blister on his foot we were prepared.Also don't forget the ImodiumAD,my husband also got sick for a day.We were rinsing our toothbrush with the tap water then we stopped and set bottled water in the bathroom to use. I didn't get sick so who knows. We would recomend the resort to anyone. We wanted to go to Secrets but I talked to people that went there, they said it was nice more Americanized, not that much better alot farther away from the airport and a crappy drive. So save some money and go to the Pladdium ane have a great time, we sure did.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Three star I've stayed at Punta Cana before and it's a beautiful place for a vacation. Me and my family and some other friends stayed at the 3 star section of the Fiesta. I guess i shouldnt' have expected nothign special since it's a 3 star. Food- not alot to choose from at ALL! I practically starved the whole time i was there. Room- Not too bad of a room but bathroom was horrible. It smelled so bad and everythign was alot. The bathtub was rusting everywhere and it had patches covering holes in the bathtub. But the cleaning of the room was nice...they do go the extra mile if you leave them a nice tip everyday (as for us they put fresh flowers all over the room everyday). Beach- was beautiful. The beach and gardens are maintained well (except the water they water plants with smells bad). Ohh and watch out for falling coconuts. There is a major difference between the 3 star and the palladium. Anyways it was a nice and pleasing stay and i enjoyed it. I'm looking forward to coming back.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Vacation I've been on yet I stayed at the Fiesta Bavaro over a year ago, but am just now writing this, because I just started using this site. This resort was beautiful, and 85% of the staff went out of their way to be nice to you, if you were nice and respectful to them. The other 15% probably didn't understand any english, so they were more reserved. I went with 14 people, so we had a blast. The food was good, but they should have more convenient hours to be open. I wouldn't recommend eating any of the cheese, it wasn't what me or any of my friends were used to, tasted kind of funny. The clubs should also stay open longer, 2:00 comes pretty fast on a vacation. We went to one other club off of the resort a couple of nights that stayed open till 6:00, but a lot of locals, and I don't think they wanted you there. The pool bar was great, the beach bar was cool, the masseus' are also good, and cheap too. The grounds are worked on all day and are beautiful. The rooms were spacious, each one having their own living room area. I tipped the maid a couple of dollars a day, and she even folded my clothes and placed them on my bed for me!!! The coolest worker I met there was Jonfrey. He works in the pizza place late at night, and me and a couple of friends would go hang out with him every night. The price can't be beat, the service was great, the place is kept up, and the staff is friendly. Anyone who writes a bad review about this place is either a miserable person in general or doesn't know how to relax and have a good time.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't get caught in the scam at check in We just returned from a a week at the Fiesta Resort - Fiesta Palace, Fiesta Beach and Palladium. All of these are on the same property. When we check in, the desk clerk offered us an upgrade for $100. We were booked for Run of the House, so we assumed we would be put into a deluxe room. The clerk said we were to be in bldg 32, but he could put us in bldg 14, for $100, cash only. We said no, just put us in bldg 32. Then we were taken to bldg 40, and were put into a junior suite. It was lovely, just remodeled, a king bed, sofa and chair, double whirlpool in the bathroom. On the desk in the room was a welcoming letter from the manager with our name on the envleope and the room that we were in. So, in other words, he wanted to sell us another room that was exactly the same that he put us in. The next night, we received a phone call from the desk clerk, and now he wanted $50 for the upgrade he gave us. My husband told him that this was our room because we had a letter in our room from the manager and our name was on the envelope. He said OK, no problem, no problem and hung up. A few minutes later we received another phone call wondering if everything was OK. Again from the front desk. So, If you are going to this resort, don't fall for the scam. If you want an upgrade, make sure they put it on your credit card. Don't pay cash. Other people that came with our group did pay the cash, and when they got in the room, they had someone elses welcome letter on their desk. Other wise, the resort was great. The food was good, better from the buffets than the ala carte restaurants. The staff was real friendly, and they kept our room very clean. The weather and beach were excellent. You can walk for miles on the beach. We booked this trip through Apple Vacations, and they were also very helpful and made for a smooth trip.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Palladium Review I read a lot of complaints about the Palladium, but people will find something wrong with anything! The hotel and hospitality was amazing! The food was great with a lot to choose from. The resort is sooo big that we got lost the whole time we were there. We had an older room, the remodeled ones were a lot nicer, but we survived. There was no bugs in sight and NO I didn't get sick. after looking at the other hotels in the area, we had one of the best resorts. i would stay there again, but it does take some time to get used. just to warn you, they don't speak much English, they obviously now spanish and a lot of french. BRING A CALUATOR!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I could go back - like TODAY ! My wife and I went to Fiesta Beach Resort  Spa from Feb. 19-26. I've been to the Caribbean area 10 times, so I have some idea of how the AI's compare. Overall, it was a good trip and we have nothing bad to say about the place. Upon checking in without a problem, I checked the room. A few small bugs, but so few  small you have to look for them to find them - I wonder if my house to stand up to such an inspection ! Anyway, the bathroom had a hair dryer so there was no need to waste luggage space bringing our own. Closet had 12 hangars and the room had a total of 5 larger drawers and 4 smaller ones, giving us lots of room to unpack things. We had requested an above ground, ocean view with King size bed, and got it. The A/C was abit noisy at night, but we slept fine by turning it off and keeping the sliding doors open (hence the request for above ground). Unplugging the refrigerator at night helped too. The guests were mostly 40-50 like us, and there a fair number of younger families with kids, who were surprisingly well behaved. The resort certainly deserves a 4* for beach and accommodation, but only a 3* for the food. We were restricted to the La Uva buffet restaurant at our resort, whereas those at one or both of the other Fiesta resorts (Palace and Palladium) could go to their own or to ours. The food a La Uva was repetitive and some of the dishes were hit  miss - some were delicious and some were almost indedible. I've never found a place down here that could do red meat without it being tough - maybe its the diet that their livestock feed on. I'm a prairie boy and fussy about my steak. Upon arrival, we were warned not to drink the tap water. I made the mistake of brushing my teeth with it and paid the price - my second night there felt like my first night in prison. We also went a bit overboard with the fresh fruit which our systems were no accustomed to, which also causes the system to rebel. Just exercise a bit of self-discipline at the buffet and you'll be OK. We generally tipped our maid and restaurant serving staff $1US - $2US daily (but in pesos) and while I'm sure we would have gotten good service without it, the staff certainly appreciate the extra money. At $DR 45 to the $US, they only earn $30 US per month so the tips mean something to them. On the Beach: The chairs are made of fabric which made them more comfortable than the solid molded plastic chairs used in some resorts, but they don't fold out flat, making laying on your stomach uncomfortable. While there were enough chairs for everybody, the supply of good shaded spots was tight because everyone gets up early to reserve spots with their towels. The Jalapas are gone by 0700 and the rest of the choice spots are gone by 0900. Its annoying that some of the best spots are reserved and then sit empty the whole day. Its tempting at the end of the day to take the towels from the no-shows and hand it in, which would cost the offenders $15US per towel. Since our last trip to Punta Cana the vendors have become much more aggressive. At Plaza Punta Cana (20 minute walk NW form the lobby) it was impossible to walk without being physically accosted at each stall. They got rude if you ignored them, and No Grazias has obviously left their vocabulary. 10 minutes into it we were so put off we walked. Just south of Fiesta Palace is a smaller commercial section with a money exchange, an ATM, supermarket and assorted vendors who were not as aggressive as their cousins to the North. The supermarket there is the best place to get coffee and booze, which is all we were really looking to take home. A 1lb bag of coffee beans costs $DR 130, about $3US. Some vendors stock the same bags of coffee, but start asking $10US. My wife spent 10 minutes trying to haggle down his price and eventually walked out. He chased after her and offered it for $4US (a loss, according to him). So if you enjoy haggling, go for it, otherwise stick with the supermarket. Convert your $US/$CNDN to $RD pesos at the money exchange. Their posted rate is better than the hotel rate, and some guys at the exchange you can haggle with to get an even better rate. For shirts, paintings and other souvenirs from the vendors, it is to your advantage to use pesos for 2 reasons. First, if they quote you a price in dollars, they will first convert their price in pesos to dollars at a rate lower than what you can get at the bank. Second, since they only deal in whole dollars, there is less room to negotiate, i.e. there is no room to move between $1US and $2US, but there is lots of wiggle room between $RD 45 and $RD 90. Also, in dealing with the vendors, their first asking price is usually 2 - 3 times what their real price is. Weatherwise, it was perfect. A couple of showers and mostly scattered cloud which kept things from getting unbearably hot. So enjoy your stay. Wish we were there !  
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chicago77
<Content>Bavaro Palladium: Best Kept secret in Punta Cana! My new paradise We stayed at this resort Jan29 - Feb 5 2004. We had a GREAT TIME! I have read many of the reviews listed and what people have complained about really make me laugh!Transportation: we flew condor airlines. did not have a problem. food was suprisingly good both there and back!!!!Check in: took 5 minutes. apple rep was there to greet us and we had our meeting the next morning. We were a little late due to weather conditions in Chicago. It was snowing and they had to defrost ALL planes at the airport.Hotel Grounds: they were beautiful. we never had a problem finding our room or our way around the resort complex. we explored the grounds our first day to get a feel for what the hotel was like and were fine the rest of our trip. **there is a shuttle that runs every 10 minutes or so, just wait in the lobby and you will have no problem** (at least we didn't. we gound our room without a problem and as long as we stayed on the trails it was pretty self explanatory.Rooms: Perfect! TIP-make sure that your balcony door is completely shut in order for the tv and air conditioner to work!!!!! We had a comfortable king size bed in a newly remolded room. everything worked fine. Only complaint here is the outlet. there was only one North American polarized outlet in the room. (behind the television) aside from that we were less than 5min walk to pool, lobby, beach, snack bar and sports bar! room 1451Food: YOU ARE IN ANOTHER COUNTRY DO NOT EXPECT THE SAME FOOD YOU ARE USED TO AT HOME!! We have traveled to europe and mexico and compared to them we thought that food was good. It was definately different but still good. Neither of us got sick and we tried EVERYTHING! We at at Mare Norstrom and Tex Mex. Both were delicious!!!!! Not a complaint from either of us. My boyfriend is not used to trying new things but we enjoyed ourselves and ate great each day. Sports Bar has the best hamburgers. Steak cooked to order in the buffet in the lobby was excellent! Ketchup is very different. Breakfast was great! Omlets and french toast every day! I have one additional remark about the restaurants- I don' tknow why people from the US have such a hard problem wearing a shirt to eat. we didn't. i really do not think it is that big of a deal and sooo many people complain about it.Culture: We felt safe through out our entire trip! The people were the friendliest we have encountered! Everyone always had a smile on their face.Beach: One word....INCREDIBLE!!!! We never had a problem finding chairs on the beach or at the pool and we usually strolled down there around 10am each morning. there were some towels out on chairs but there were plenty of chairs to go around at both beach and pool.Excursions: we did 2. the kon-tiki booze cruise with snorkeling- so much fun! we met a lot of great people and partied all day! the staff were very nice and fun and made sure that everyone enjoyed themselves. speedboats: exciting! they take you out actually driving the 2 person boat about 30 min away then you go snorkeling. my boyfriend and i had our own guide that gave us food to feed the fish out of our hands! this by far was some of the best snorkeling!Conclusion: we had a great time. we met some great people and just relaxed on the beach. i have seen some bad reviews about this resort and i really do not understand why. the weather was perfect we had one partly cloudy day and it only rained at night. i would definately go back in a heart beat!P.S. please make sure to tip! A dollar will go a long way!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful! Just returned from a wonderful week at the Palladium Bavaro Resort (Feb. 20-27, 2004). I highly recommend this resort! The junior suites are fabulous, spotless and large. The bathroom is a mini-spa. The food at the buffets is very good, with a wonderful variety. The only negative thing would be the specialty restaurants....they aren't nearly as good as the buffet, which is unusual in a resort of this type. Make sure you get your towel out by 7 a.m. to claim your beach or pool chair. Otherwise, relax and enjoy the gorgeous grounds, tremendous beach and wonderful service. The staff is gracious, accommodating and fun-loving. Do not hesitate to book this facility. We've stayed at many and would list this one with the best of them. Enjoy!!  
<Date>Feb 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rediwat
<Content>Breezily Breathtaking...but Bumptuous If Off the Yellow Brick Road We stayed in Punta Cana from Jan 29-Feb 6th, 2004.The Palladium Fiesta (or vice versa, it is so hard to keep the names straight) was our home away from home # 2--due to our son being beaten up by the staff at our first resort...so we were somewhat captives of the resort..and thank god it turned out great! First of all, after being shipwrecked, so to speak, at the other place, and shipped, via taxi, to the Fiesta, we were very happy with the treatment the front desk staff at the Fiesta displayed towards us. They were supposedly informed by our travel agent, via fax, that we were coming...but they really had no clue. However, Senor Juan Nixon and Wilma (sp?) treated us royally, especially after I mentioned Senorita Jane...the resort rep for our travel firm. From that point on, two days into our week trip, things got a whole lot better. The staff is courteous and goes out of their way to make one feeling at home. The way they jumped to it in taking our bags or whatever else we asked for was refreshing, and...most of all...the appreciativeness for any tip we gave them...was most gratifying. We had been in the Tulum area of the Yucatan Peninsula of Mexico last year and, while the place their (Bahia Principe Akumal) was top notch, their staff wasn't as friendly and down to earth as these people. It is clear that the Dominicans really do appreciate having our business and the manner with which they were accomodating was...par excellence. The grounds were beautiful. Their were three Fiesta resorts in the same environs, actually not that far apart, but a bit confusing if one got off the main avenue path...which is tempting, as the buildings are set up so, at first glance, it appears that one can cut across other landscape areas and get...more quickly...to ones own..but, alas, after any amount of alcohol, even with little to none actually, it is EASY TO GET LOST. My only real complaint, but..if one stays on the main thorough faires, then things are found much more easily. The food was excellent. We ate only at the buffets, as we really enjoyed the choices available. They had one main option for buffets, some near the 4 pools which we had access to, and their food was good as well. The restaurants near the pools were great for breakfast is always our favorite meal..as it gives more time to get rid of the pounds during the day...provided one does something. We raved about the Dominican coffee. Interestingly, when I asked a travel rep (who, it turned out, was from Germany) how they got such fine coffee..she looked at me like I was from the moon. Her comment? (Many) Germans don't like the coffee here. I queried Where are you from? her answer..Germany. We didn't talk coffee any more. The secret, besides the fine beans, is apparently to heat up the leche (milk) first and then pour in the coffee...very nice, to say the least. The pools and swim up bars were very nicely set up, and the staff..again...was muy bueno. The resort is owned by Spanish landlords, I believe, and the vast majority of tourists were Spanish. Since I spoke some Spanish it worked out fine. Those who make NO EFFORT to attempt Spanish will have a more difficult time, obviously, since we were in the Carribean...what does one expect. The few Americans we saw there were fine, no problems. Quite a few Canadians, French Canadians and European French, plus a considerable number of Brits and Germans made up the remainder of the population, from what I could tell. We had great conversations with the Brits; they were very well informed about the world political situation...great fun asking them what was going to happen with Prime Minister Blair. They enjoyed talking about it. The beach was fabulous, though a bit crowded with three resorts somewhat together in a smaller space than we hd last year at the Bahia Principe in the Yucatan.A beautiful warm swimming area is set up with marked off areas to avoid the deep water. No seeweed to speak of. One nuiscance, the speed boats kept scurrying just beyond the roped off area, taking tourists to all sorts of places for snorkelling, etc...a bit of a pain, noise wise, but we got used to in.  Check in, as noted, was a bit of a problem...but only temporarily. The front desk staff was more than accomodating. The only real problem, and it was not serious, was in dealing with money...I didn't realize that I could not get US money there. We had US Travelers Cheques which, as it turned out, was perfect, as the Resort would cash them...but one had to be happy with getting the Dominican peso, which is fair enough. I found people there were every bit as happy to receive tips in the DR peso, and not having to get the US dollars...which seemed more the case in Mexico. I didn't see any ATM machines; though I understand some resorts do have them. A good question to ask. We found our Lonely Planet guide, which was excellent in every other way, not good in making it clear about the money situation..and the inability to get US money. The last day there we were fine with hanging around the pool, imbibing a bit much, but...it was the last day and we were fine with that. The staff took our bags and stored them behind the front desk and then, when our bus came, I went and got the 9 bags ..that's right, 9...and transported them to the bus. The one bit of a pain was the fact that, once we were, so to speak done like dinner..and on the way to leave, the staff didn't have much to do with us, in terms of helping with bags. That was ok, but something to keep in mind. 'm sure if one flashed some cash they would jump, not that I blame them. We had no problems with bugs, mosquitoes, bugs in the rooms, etc. that some people complain about at some of the resorts. The eather was perfect, even though rain was predicted almost every morning. It only rained twice..once about 20 minutes at 9 am on day 2 and then when we were leaving, the airport was under an absolute deluge at 8:15 pm at night...most of the passengers were drowned rats when they finally came aboard. All in all, I would rate the Fiesta Palladium a 4 and 1/4 star place, though the accomodation we had..as others have commented on...wasn't as luxurious as the other place we had been. I tried to get an upgrade, and we could have paide 30$ per day more...but we decided it was ok. There really were very few places, even the deluxe units, which seemed to have much of a view of the water...so many palm trees obscuring....so we felt fine about staying. One thing that occurred the last day, which left a bad taste in my mouth, was that my golf hat from Casa de Campo (The Teeth of the Dog course..ranked #34 in the world) was missing. I had gone over in a rented van with my son and wife early in our stay and played the course in La Romana..2 hours by van... and purchased the hat. It ended up going missing the last day. I hate to accuse the staff..so i won't. But, all I know is it was gone. I will attempt to replace it, but not sure if it is possible. One other point: I had thought we would rent a car. In Mexico we were advised not to, by travel agents before we embarked...I later regretted it. The driving really isn't too bad in Mexico. But, by comparison, the situation in the DR is CHAOS. However, to be fair to the locals, they all seem to know what they are doing...and they use their horns better (there is some system and communicatin to each and every horn beep, none are done for nothing...but it takes a while to figure it out) than any other place I have been to. Not sure what they would do without them. But, it seemed to work. We saw no accidents and, on the day we went over 2 hours to La Romana to play at the Teeth of the Dog golf course, we went through a town (little) called Higuey...which was so spread out, it never seemed to end...we heard there were about 150,000+ people...some little town. Guess how many stop lights? ONE. And not that many stop signs. But, somehow, they have a system, which works. If I had been driving I would probably still be there..trying to figure out the system. IN other words, I WOULDSTRONGLY ADVISE NOT TO RENT A CAR....most of the vehicles there are little scooter bikes and the people sometimes put their whole family of 4 or even 5 on one bike. Scary. But it seems to work for them. Not a helmet in site.All in all, one enjoyable holiday. We would definitely go back but next time up north to the Samona region...and not an all-inclusive. Too much food and drink is too easily available for this amigo.The beaches were beautiful but, to be totally honest, I can't say they had that much more of an impact on me than the beaches at the Mayan Rivera except for one key item: these beaches didn't have a reef, like it present in a considerable part of the Tulum-Akumal region of the Yucatan.If you hven't gone and you are thinking of it..I wuld say go sooner rather than later...before the Dominicans are spoiled like the Mexicans with all the rich gringos'coming from afar to sprinkle their riches.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tips for travel.. We spent a week at the Palladium Bavaro. Punta Cana is a beautiful country to see. Overall we enjoyed our family vacation. I enjoy reading trip tips before I travel to a new destination. Here are a few good ones to consider before a stay at the Palladium: The resort is lovely and we stayed in an updated Junior Suite. Be aware that the Hotel(s) are very spread out. Be prepared to walk everywhere. If you have children five years or younger bring a lightweight stroller for walking.Also, try out the many pools and restaurants. As a Fiesta guest you are able to enjoy all the restaurants and pools on the property. The beaches have white fine sand and turquoise water..what a sight for sore eyes. It was very windy,bring along hats and long sleeve cover-ups.The Dominicans are gracious,friendly lovely people...treat them well and please tip them for their hard work. We enjoyed the service we received at the Fiesta. The only bummer of the trip was that I placed long distance calls to the U.S. from our room. DO NOT DO THIS!!! I was charged $7.00 a minute. Yes, that translated to $300.00 in charges we received. Go to the lobby or buy a phone card. Enjoy..Relax and get a great tan..  
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice ! Nice white Beach  aqua blue water.... well kept grounds  lots of trees. Food was good even for my picky GF : ) Nice room...clean  bright colors. Good club with current music. Would have like a better choice of liquor  beer. Will definetly go back!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So, so time Just returned from two weeks at the Palladium Bavaro Grand Resort and Spa (formerly Fiesta). We found the grounds gorgeous, but the resort to massive. It takes two or three days to find where everything is and what is happening. We stayed in a standard room that was very tired and in urgent need of an upgrade. The room was substandard in our opinion. Upon arrival we were given a room as far from the beach as you could get. With a rather large tip we were moved closer to the beach the next day but the room was even in worse shape than the first. Because the resort is so large it was hard to ever see the same staff twice and that was a disappointment. We left school supplies and money everyday in our room but would never knew who received it. We found the food very good but the evening meal lineups were long at times both to get seated and in line for the different areas of food choices. I must say the fellow that does the crepes every evening at the Cathederal was a hit with most people. The music at the shows was very loud. We enjoyed the music in the lobby bar at night especially the singer called Eliezer, he has a great voice. We found the ocean had quite a strong undercurrent and spent most of our time at the pool. Last year we holidayed in Varadero Cuba and for less money we found everything much more superior, rooms, beach, water, staff. If you go to this resort make sure you choose anything but the standard rooms.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise on Earth! My boyfriend and I spent two weeks at this beautiful resort and I have to say it was the best vacation I have ever had. We wanted to go somewhere that wasn't too americanized, somewhere with turquoise water, powder white sand and great pools...well, we definitely found all these things here and so much more.The grounds were gorgeous. However there were some places that were under construction but we never let this bother us. Sometimes work has to be done and it can't just stop because people are on holidays. Security is always in sight without ever carrying guns and I felt completely safe walking anywhere by myself no matter what time of day or night.English is the least spoken language and it's actually really cool. Sure there are language barriers, but hello...foreign country! It seemed to go Spanish, French, German and then English. It was amazing to be surrounded by so many different cultures.The beach and ocean were incredible. Usually I'm a by-the-pool kind of girl, but the beach was too unbelievable to pass up. It stretched out as far as you could see - both ways - and the ocean was so warm! I've heard people talk about sand flees...well, being there for 14 days, we had one day where there was no wind at the beach. This was when the bugs came out and we did get biten. However, the other 13 days there was a great wind coming off the ocean and the bugs weren't to be sceen. Topless people are everywhere and for the first time in my life I lived on the edge! Canadians are the most reserved vacationers there, but no one seems to care, so hey, when in Rome!The pools were fabulous. I think we had access to about 5 of them. Being at this resort gives you access to 3 resorts in total and all their restaurants, entertainment and pools. The staff do some really incredible shows at night too.As for the food, I'm someone who has a really sensitive stomach and fortunately both of us were great the whole time. There were a few days when I was popping Imodium, but generally I came prepared for the worst but did great! We enjoyed every meal we had...especially the Mexican restaurant.As for night life, I can't say that we saw much of it other then the shows. I'm 32 and my boyfriend is 35...being the mushy couple that we are, we usually just went back to our room every night! ;)We wanted a vacation that would be relaxing and that's exactly what we had. If I get a honeymoon half as good as this vacation, I'll be happy!I really don't think you'd be disappointed with this vacation destination. The scenery alone is enough to make me go back again.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Try it and you will love it too!! My stay at the Palladium was wonderful!!!My husband and I spent seven nights there and couldn't have been more pleased with the hotel.We enjoyed eating at the buffet as many others have mentioned. There was nothing wrong with the a la carte places, we just enjoyed the more casual atmosphere. Our room was very clean, as well as the public bathrooms which really impressed me.We really enjoyed a show that they put on at the pool one night. It was a Disney theme but everyone really enjoyed it. We also enjoyed going to the Sports Bar. We went just about every other day that we were there. I would recommend this resort to anyone. I would recommend bringing along a spanish dictionary though, it will come in handy for sure!!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>joju
<Content>Beautiful Beach- Fair Food We just returned from 7 day stay at Palladium Feb 2-Feb9th . Enjoyed the beach, sun and palms but food and drink were fair to poor. If that is your focus then you might be disappointed here..... We are not picky eatters we just enjoy GOOD food.  First- Apple flight out of Phila. were fine- no problems. No problems at Immigration either way- but security did seem enhanced. On arrival in DR no one even looked at our passports or bags.Just pay the $10/pp entry fee (?) and you are off- We didn't even have to fill it out coming or going. Bags were opened and checked when leaving the DR. We saw one person had a bottle of rum and half of it was poured out!!  Palladium is beautiful- huge lobby, beautiful grounds, impeccably clean and manicured. Beach was beautiful- HUGE -as it extends on one side for the Fiesta Palace and for Fiesta Beach. Sand is white and soft. Lots of palm trees, lots of comfy lounge chairs. A couple of small hut bars. Lots of topless bathers and people who invade your space on the beach, especially crowded on Sunday- felt like sardines.  Pool is large ,pretty and a separate area for kids which is nice. But we found it hot , no ocean breeze reaches it, and noisy. Late in the day the merengue lessons start and you can barely hear yourself think.  Check -in was great ! Very efficient and easy. One guy at front desk spoke English but no one else did. We were shown to our room right away on arrival which was around 1130 AM. Deluxe room was gorgeous- marble floors, real wood furniture,huge bathroom with 2 person jacuzzi- Refrig and mini bar with only beer, soda and water in it, no hard liquor or snacks. Lovely and clean. Maid service was good- no real cleaning done however as our shower door was left soapy. We had trouble getting extra towels-we asked at desk twice and never got them. Finally my husband wrote a note in Spanish and we got them ,but just for that day.  Read the info and map they give you at check in-- we didn't know that the cards they give you with Manati Park Logo on them were actually the cards you need to get your beach towels. Its easy to get lost in the huge complex- you need really good walking sandals/beach shoes. Our villa # 6 was close to the lobby which is about 3 blocks plus from the pool and another 3 blocks plus from the beach. I had blisters.  Food and drinks were unfortunately only FAIR. Main buffet room is gigantic- no really- GIGANTIC- therefore busy and noisy. Many different kinds of food- a lot greasy and over cooked, often cold food was warm( not a good idea to eat ), hot food was cold.. Nothing special. We ate omelets for breakfast, salads for lunch and pasta for dinners, as other stuff was mysterious/recyled from lunch or the day before or weird, like grey hotdogs and ham!!! Besides the passion fruit being fresh other fruit looked canned. Wines seemed watered down .  Tropical drink repertoire is limited to pina colada and rum punches -and not freshly made- they are in 7-11 type frostee dispensers.!! We tried two ala carte restaurants ,which is ALL you are allowed on a 7 day stay! The Arricefe on site and the Mare Nostrum at the Palace- Still only fair with over cooked ,mushy shrimp, limp salads, tasteless desserts. BUt- it was nice to be waited on and away from the noise and bustle of the buffet. A few people at our hotel got sick but a lot got sick at the Fiesta Palace next door. !! BUT-- the service in buffets, restaurants , main lobby bar was excellent. Staff were friendly- but language is a barrier. Waiters only know a few English words and still often don;t understand what you need. It pays to know a little Spanish. Some guy asked for a lite beer and got a beer with a side of lime! Lime Beer, I guess. Funny. There is no lite beer. My husband was able to get a Stinger made by the bar tender . Decaf coffee is also hard to come by.  Entertainment was fair- only went to two shows and they were very amateur-ish. Casino at the Palace is really nothing- The lobby bar had good small bands, singers each nite. We enjoyed that.  Apple Rep said NOT to do horsebackriding or parasailing as it is not controlled well and is dangerous. We felt safe on the property but were reluctant to go on other tours. My husband took out the catamaran a couple days but a few days were too windy and nothing was going on. No snorkeling right off the beach either-not one fish ,no pebbles, not one shell did we see., no shore birds either. Weird .There was seaweed in the water but I think it was becuz a storm was coming. Not a lot and not a problem. There were No bugs and NO- no-seeums. I think its the time of year that you go - others said they had bugs earlier in the year.  You can NOT drink the water- there are signs everywhere. We had no problem getting bottled water - it was free at every restaurant, buffet, and bar, We just took bottles back to our room every nite to avoid having to have the maids restock. We even brushed our teeth with it and we did not get sick at all.  We would probably NOT go back to the D.R or this resort. We have been to many islands -St Lucia, Barbados, Antigua, Caymans , Jamaica and found far superior food and drinks and not the worry of not being able to drink the water and not taking tours and the language barrier.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love the Fiesta Bavarro Resort and Spa(Palladium) Hola! We just got back home and thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Fiesta Bavarro Spa and Resort! My husband and I treated ourselves to swedish massages on the beach the day after we arrived and had all the stress from work and the cold weather back home massaged right out. It is a beautiful hotel and our room(junior suite) was gorgeous! We would definetely go back.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MissKubota
<Content>i give it a 7/10 Went to the Ocean Bavaro from january 25 till february 01 2004. Hotel is 30 minutes from the airport which is good. When we arrived in the morning had to wait till 2 to get our room. They gave us one of the spa rooms which was very nice. only problem was the shower door that leaks all over the bathroom floors (apparently in all rooms)and had to wait at night to get towels cause they were always out of them. The hotel grounds are beautiful and well taken care of. Packed with palm trees. You never fight to get a chair at the beach or the pool, always one available. Tried all of the restaurants (buffet and a la carte : Italian, Mexican, Bresilian, Spanish) all were very good. You have plenty of things to do there , never a dull moment unless you want it that way. They have a beautiful spa with the gym inside with an ocean view and very reasonnable prices 25 $ us for a one hour massage (can get one outside also). The shows at night are beautiful, they worked very hard to practice them. As for the bars and buffet restaurant (you want good service.......you have to typ a lot) otherwise you will wait and wait but it's o.k you're on vacation and have lots of time ! As for excursions they are quite expensive and not really much to do. If you take a 15 minute walk on your left on the beach you will find a little flea market and a grocery store....don't buy at the hotel it is way to expensive. The beach is blue but had a lot of stuff floating.....I visited Paris, Puerto plata(twice), nuevo vallarta, venezuela, puerto escondido, huatulco, ixtapa, cancun, manzanillo, etc and it's only comparable to PuertoPlata but with a nicer beach but the rest is quite the same but with less things around. You can't go out to take a walk at night (no sidewalks and very dangerous for a car to hit you). If you like walks and bike riding .....not the place. The hotel is fine , it's the location that is not really great....  
<Date>Feb 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a BLAST!!! I had a Blast!!.....Ya, it was exploding colon syndrome. I must have drank some off the water by accident, boy O' boy was I burning. I spent a good hour on the toilet.  After I had some pepto things got better. the food was great and the cheap whiskey did the job. the room was clean but spent very little time there. Most of the time I was at the casino loosing my money, oh well thats what casinos are for, aren't they?!  The only problems we had other than my exploding colon,was getting too drunk, sleeping in and missing breakfast.  Oh ya! you have to go to the Disco, it's pretty fun I danced like a drunken monkey, it's not like I'm going to run into anybody I know, but of course I did, but it's ok because it was my buddy Brian from high school and he dances like a druken monkey too!  
<Date>Feb 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Returned on January 17, 2004 Nice but..... My husband and I just returned from a one week stay at the Palladium Resort. This was our 7th All Inclusive trip that we have taken. This resort has beautiful grounds and is very spread out. No matter where your room is located, you need to be prepared for a long walk. The Jr. Suites are well worth the upgrade, however, we traveled with another couple who also had a Jr. Suite. They had problems with the shower drain their entire stay. Sometimes, standing in 4 inches of water. When they told the front desk, they eventually sent someone in with a plunger to unclog the drain. This did not help the standing water, so after 2 days of living with the problem they asked to be moved to another Suite. They were told that was not possible, and was never allowed to talk to the Manager, he gave directions from an office, and our friends, continued to have problems the rest of the week, but made the best of it. We had left a $10.00 tip the first day, and didn't get our water replenished when they cleaned our room. When we called the desk, we were told,  you have it, look in the refrigerator. We had to go get our own water from the bar. As far as the plug ins- we figured out that if you pull out the TV, it will allow for the large and small end to work. The resort supplies an iron, but unless you know where to plug it in, it is useless. The beach is awesome and chairs are easy to find in the mornings. The food is good at the daily buffets, but don't bother making reservations. We tried the Italian and the International, the food was so-so, but nothing special. We still had to serve ourselves our own salad, buffet style. We have been to Mexico, Jamaica and Sunscape in Punta Cana, and have better dining experiences. The servers at the lobby bar, seem to have really bad days. Trying to cheer them up OR tipping does not result in better service, and many times we went to the bar ourselves. We have never tipped for any services before at any of the other resorts we have stayed at and received better services. Here it seemed expected. English language is not easy for most of the servers, and get somewhat frustrating day after day. They seem to never remember what Scotch is?? Even after the 3rd drink (in a row) Overall, this resort was not one of the better resorts that we have stayed in. The grounds are lovely and they continue to make improvements. The Spa is worth the extra $$. It is clean and the staff friendly. Body Exfoliate is awesome. We would recommend Sunscape in Punta Cana for a resort that has a more hands on Management team, friendly staff and as much to offer. My husband had his appendix removed 2 years ago, while staying at Sunscape, resulting in a hospital stay and a extra week. The staff was great, as I was on my own traveling back and forth to the Hospital, dealing with insurance, phones etc. Medical treatment was top notch!! I am glad it happened at Sunscape and not Palladium.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would definitely go back!! My husband and I returned from Palladium Bavaro the first week of December. We were there for two weeks and the weather was gorgeous every day except the day we arrived and the day we left. I would recommend this resort to anyone looking for relaxation, beautiful surroundings and a good time. We stayed in a renovated junior suite on the second floor near the lobby. The rooms were breathtaking when you see them at first. Everything is in Mahogany wood, there is a bathroom almost the same size as the room with a huge jacuzzi tub. There was a small balcony with a couple of chairs and a table. The room was cleaned every day but sometimes not until 5pm. We left money and a small gift everyday and they would leave flowers and make animals with the towels (a nice touch). The only misconception we had was the plug ins. They are all the old style of plug with two straight prongs, not the ones with one larger prong. I couldn't use my battery charger until I bought a European converter and smooshed my plug into it and twisted it (it could fit in the plug then). The only bugs we saw were outside the room (including a huge tarantula!)  The beach is long  narrow and the sand is white and cool to the touch. There would sometimes be seaweed in the water and other days it was clear. We never had a problem finding lounge chairs by the pool or the beach but we would usually go by 10am. If you need a large grouping of chairs together you would probably need to be at the beach around 9am. I had gone a few times around 8am and there was no one on the beach at all! Breakfast is served at the Lobby restaurant from 7 to 10am. There is a good selection of food but everything seemed really greasy to me. The men can not wear tanktops and the women have to have their bathing suits covered up. Lunch is at Le Arrecifee by the beach. It had alot of salad, hot dishes, hotdogs, hamburgers, etc. It opened at 12 to 4pm. The men are allowed to wear shorts and tanktops and the women must cover their bathing suits. It is an open air restaurant, but there is a nice breeze from the ocean. At night there is the Lobby restaurant, tex mex, Le Arrecifee (there are more restaraunts at the other resorts that you can go to). I would highly recommend the Tex Mex, but avoid the steak (it's very tough). The food is very European, but there is always the pizza and pasta bar if your picky. The internet cafe was closed at our resort when we were there, so we had to go over to the palace to use the internet which was a bit of a pain. You get a lot of exercise at Palladium Bavaro because it is so spread apart but that was one of the reasons we picked it. There are plently of daily activities going on, so there is always something to do. They have basketball, beach volleyball, ping pong, darts, dancing, aerobics, bocce, water polo, soccer, bingo, catamarans, windsurfing, etc, that is all included. The entertainment at night was good on the nights that we went. I would recommend going to Alma Flamenco dancers, African night and Disney night for the kids. It is very smoky in the theatre and the disco because of the large amount of tourists from Europe. The disco was fun the few nights that we went. They played alot of Dominican music and latin music when it first opened and then it switches to alot of American music. I would suggest bringing a couple of burnt discs if you want to listen to any music that was made in the last five years. The only thing that I regret was not bringing enough dressy clothes with me. The things that wasted room in my suitcase that I never used were: air mattresses and snorkel  masks. The things I wish I would have brought were: itch cream (those bugs can bite, even when wearing repellant), more low spf sunscreen (after two weeks most people wore a 4spf), bandaids (lots of blisters from walking), munchies (everything was very expensive for junk food), and last, more American money. The workers are very friendly. The security guards do not talk at all, so don't feel offended if you say Hola and they don't even look at you. The maids were very nice but we did have a problem with coming back to our room and finding other workers in it. We made a complaint after we came back and found our stuff moved around. They could not figure out why these people were in our room and never gave us an explanation but nothing was stolen. I highly suggest using the digital safe in the closet. We never left our room without locking our suitcases and putting everything of value in the safe. My husband and I have always told each other that we would never go back to the same place twice because there are so many places to see. This resort changed our minds. We hope to go back in the next few years to Palladium Bavaro, maybe next time with a few friends.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome!!! What an amazing place. This was the best trip i have ever been on and i want to go again as soon as possible. The beach was beautiful, the water was fantastic, the pool was great, the food was really good and the entertainment was AMAZING! The people there are so incredibly nice and friendly. Especially the fiesta fun staff. They rock! The best part was the music and dancing. The disco at night was so fun!!! This place was paradise...YOU SHOULD GO!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Think again! I recently returned from my trip to Punta Cana and stayed at the Palladium, Fiesta Bavaro Reports and Spa. I will make this short and to the point. Unlike the review before mine, I would NOT recommend this report. We also stayed in the newly renovated villas and had power issues 5 out of the 8 days we were there(no AC for over 18 hours at one point) We contacted the front desk regarding these problems and their attention to it was very lack luster. We even had a meeting with the head of the resort and hewere worthless. As for the food, I think I lost 5 pounds. The quality was very poor. As for the beaches, yes they where beautiful. The staff (others than the management/front desk) were wonderful. Again I would not recommend this resort at all. There are many other places to send your hard earned money.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jrsy25
<Content>Everything was excellent at the Palladium Like many others, i had read the prior reviews and approached this resort with a little trepidation. I have been to Club Med and Sunscape in Punta Cana, and generally knew what to expect in terms of the quality of the beach but was not sure how the hotel would be. I was there from December 24th until December 29th (2003) and can say that everything was absolutely wonderful. We had three rooms and children ranging in age from 12 to 18. The hotel staff was extremely friendly when we arrived and the bellmen who took our bags were similarly friendly. When we got to our room, there were minor problems and upon calling the desk to advise them, the problems were corrected immediately.We stayed in the recently renovated junior suites and they were lovely. The bedroom was very large as was the bathroom, which had a shower, a jacuzzi and double sinks. We also had another room off of the bathroom which had a thatched roof with a shower and a hammock. This was much more than i even expected from the room. Similarly, the room was cleaned each day by the staff and was spotless when we returned. I read an earlier review in which the reviewer had commented that their room was never cleaned despite their leaving a tip each day. This was clearly not our experience, and i believe that had the reviewer contacted the desk, any problems would have been alleviated.The pool and the beach were also both very nice. One comment about the pool is that towels were given out at 8am and people would put their towels on chairs to reserve them and would then leave. It created a bizarre scene in which every chair at the pool was taken by 8:30am yet there could not have been more than 10 people at the pool at that time. I don't know how else they can handle the situation at the pool, but it is worth noting if you want to spend time at the pool during the day. We did not have problems in finding chairs on the beach and as i said earlier the beach is absolutely wonderful. The sand was clean as was the ocean floor, which was not covered with rocks. The animation staff was out every day with various activities although some of the activities took place at the other two resorts, which was not a problem as you only had to walk a few hundred yards to get to them.We had no problems with the food and everyone seemed to be able to always find something to eat that they liked. I would particularly recommend the beef that they had for both lunch and dinner, which was always cooked to order. There were also crepes made every evening at dinner which also became a particular favorite of everyone in our party. We were a group of seven and had no problems in finding a round table for every meal. The staff was always ready to help us in finding a table and once seated we were always taken care of by the wait staff in terms of supplying us with something to drink and in removing plates from our table.We had dinner one night at one of the ala carte restaurants, which require reservations in advance. Although the dinner was fine, i would not become too concerned with getting into the restaurants as i was quite satisfied with the dinners at the buffet restaurants. There are lines every morning to get the reservations and it is not really worth the aggravation.The shows from the animation staff in the evening generally consisted of different dance programs. There is no question that these men and women were working hard to please their audience but from a personal standpoint, i think that shows that involve more audience participation get a better response from the overall audience. One of the nights that we were there, they held a Miss Palladium show, which involved people from the audience doing skits with the animation staff, and i thought that the crowd appeared to be more into this show than some of the other shows which only involved dancing.I have seen some prior reviews which commented on how the Dominicans at the resort did not like Americans and were hostile. I did not find this true and to the contrary, found everyone extremely nice and working so hard to make all the guests, both Americans and non-Americans, have the best experience at the hotel that they could have. I would note, that the week that we were there, there were not that many Americans and we were clearly in the minority, as the guests primarily seemed to be German, English and French. This was fun as we had a chance to interact with other nationalities. We played darts and archery with a number of Germans and they were very nice in helping to teach my children how to do these activities. Should they ever read this review...Thank you... The Americans seemed to arrive just as we were leaving.Finally one thing that you should be aware of is that although the staff was always friendly, there were some problems with a language barrier insofar as some of the staff did not speak English. We had three teenagers with us who were able to speak reasonably good Spanish and they were a godsend in our being able to communicate with the staff. The staff seemed to like the fact that our teenagers were trying to speak Spanish and were encouraging in their comments about the quality of their efforts.I would strongly recommend this resort to anyone looking to go to Punta Cana. If you have any questions, please feel free to email me.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Fiesta Bavaro...2 couples went, had great time. This was our first trip to DR, and the first to a non-English speaking country. We went with another couple, from Nov 7-15, on a 'Apple Vacation' Here are items worth noting: * Hotel was still in the process of renovating, many of the buildings were 'unoccupied'. We chose to upgrade to a room with a Jacuzzi, it was obviously new, and very nice, and worth the extra $. * The grounds were very well kept, the walk from the very beautiful beach, to the other end end (lobby) was a slow 4 minute walk. Everthing is close. We had a lot of wind and occasional rain, the week we were there, so the water was a little rough, not sure if it always that way, or not. * We saw a lot of reviews re the a la carte Restaurants (versus the buffets). On our 8 day plan, we were allowed to make 2 reservations (required for the a la carte), which we were able to do, soon after arrival, for days later in the week. They were nothing spectacular. The main buffet room had a theme, that changed nightly, and always had a good and varied selection. The ONLY comment from our group of 4 was the notice of lack of spices in any of the foods. We only noticed any spices, the night we went to the Tex Mex restaurant. We never did try any of the restaurants at the other 2 Fiesta Hotels, We did meet some folks from the Fiesta Beach Hotel, who said our food was better, they ate at our place. * re the curse...we kept with the bottled water, even for brushing teeth...I was the adventureous one, trying everything, salads, fruits, local meats (goat, rabbit, octapus..etc). Nothing bothered me. However, three of us had drinks at the swim up bar, that were served in glasses, AND we soon GOT it. IMODIUM, that we brought, took care of it quickly. Drinks served in glasses in the lobby and restaurants, were OK. At the beach bars, we got plastic. * Our room had some different electrical plugs, current was 110, but the plugs would not take anything that had a 'polarized' plug (one plug end bigger than the other). The gift shop to the right of the lobby, had adapters for about $1.00 (US). * re the flights..we left on time, no problems..however on the return...we took the apple shuttle to the airport, and were rushed thru. They had no X ray machines, so they hand searched (in your presence) all checked luggage). Despite getting the luggage checked before 8, for a 8:50 flight, we were told to board immediately, no time to get duty free or to browse. AND the flight actually left EARLY (approx 8:30). * re the language..most of the staff tried real hard to understand you...a simple hand motion to flip the eggs, worked real well...PLEASE try and learn the basics that you will need...cerveza (beer)..etc... * re extra costs, our plan was 'All inclusive', even the posted $10 daily fee for the mini bar was waved. We did order a couple of specialy drinks one night, a couple of drinks served in carved out Coconuts and Pinapples, with local flowers and umbrellas, the extra costs at check out was $ 5.00 (US) for 2 drinks (a real bargain). OVERALL we all enjoyed it, and it was real bargain.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wounder-ful Hello !! My family and I just got back December 20 2003. We had an amazing time everthing was wounder-ful from the people to the beach to the food if anyone complains they are just looking to complain about something. It was an interesting place to visit outside the resort like any other country I'm not sure I would do it again the driving was very scary. We spent all of are days on the beach pretty much it was amazing there is topless women on the beach but after the first day once you have seen one set you have pretty much seen them all and some of them you wish you hadn't seen any at all but no after the first day it's no big deal and ushally most people pick a spot on the beach and go there every day so you see the same boobs every day. And for all the women dieting before you go because you don't want to be the fat girl on the beach don't bother there are more regular sized women then the super skinny girls. We went parasailing what an amazing ride if you are a chicken go no one is a bigger chicken then my boyfriend and we both enjoyed the ride it was so peace-ful and your up there either by your self your with the person you love and it is just amazing it was somthing amazing to experience. Back at the beach the Fiesta Fun people are fun so much energy and can they dance. I got to know a coule of them well and very nice people I found that some of them could speak english well and it was nice to interact with some one there that could have conversation about life and stuff in general not just food and beer related. Pablo and Oscar Hugo of the Feista fun team 2 of the nicest people. We chose to tip and I'll tell you it is well worth it and if you get the same person it is benifical the same people worked everyday we went for 7 days and when they saw us they were right there same with the trolly driver if he saw us coming he stopped and waited didn't matter where he was they appricate it so to me it is worth it what is a dollar really if you can afford to go there you can afford to spent the money to tip them. Are tour guide told us the only way they can really survive over there is in the tourist area. There is the little market to go shopping on the beach not much there just some little nic naks but be careful they do try to hose you what ever price they ask cut it in half. I don't know what else to tell you we had an amazing holiday and will be back there next YEAR we have traveled all over and for an all inclusive resort it was wounder-ful.Happy Traveling :)  
<Date>Dec 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sensational Vacation I have recently returned from the Dominican Republic and I had an amazing time. The beaches were beautiful as were the hotel grounds. The staff was excellent and I highly recommend getting to know the animation staff because they are wonderful people. The maids did an amazing job at cleaning the room and I would suggest that you leave little gifts for them because they really appreciate it and they work hard. Also giving tips to the staff is a great idea. The food was very delicious. I disagree with anyone that has negative comments about this resort. If they don't like how this resort was then they shouldn't be coming to a country like this because chances are they don't like anything that isn't high class. I also have to say that there is never a line up for food in the restaurants or to get a chair at the beach or pool. The shows at night are awesome and so is the disco after the show. I highly recommend this resort to anyone travelling to the Dominican Republic.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Belinda12
<Content>Great Beach! Just returned from a weeks vacation at the Fiesta Bavaro and it was a beautiful resort but it took a bit to get used to. First of all let me tell you that the first day we got there we were hit with Tropical Storm Odette. What an experience that was! I have never seen rain like that in my life. They were handing out emergency rations like sandwiches and candles because they expected all the restraunts to be closed the next day. Also we went for a walk and they were taping up all the shop windows. Made us a little nervous to say the least. Turns out the storm passed without huge incident to us just alot of rain. Everything was open the next day. Also the first night we got lost because the resort is so huge and the signage is awful. There would be a map of the resort and a dot at the top saying you are here but then no dot on the map! Quite frustrating when you have been wandering around for an hour. We would ask people who worked there for directions and everybody pointed us in a different direction. Most of them could not speak English either. That was another interesting point, the vendors down the beach could speak 4 different languages. Spanish, English, French and most could also speak German, but the people who worked at the resort only spoke Spanish. We were told everyone learns the languages at school so I don't know if they were just not wanting to speak English or if the did not know it. We did try to speak Spanish to order drinks and say hello and thank you because yes I do realize I am in their country but it was still a bit frustrating when trying to communicate. The rooms were adequate, we stayed in the standard rooms and they have 2 double beds in them. They do show their age though. But really, who cares, how much time do you spend in your room? Our mini bar was stocked every 2 days with beer, pop and water. The maids did a really good job and we left tips every day. They are really so poor there and even a small tip makes a big difference to them. They are all very friendly people and would always say hello in passing. After we got used to where everything was it was a very nice resort. The beach is spectacular! Just be aware that there are alot of Europeans and they like to go topless. The younger ones just suntan topless but we found that the women between 40-60 likes to wander around the beach. Also beware of the 60yr old men in speedo thongs!!! Just preparing all you people from North America who are not used to seeing this because I know I was shocked. At the end of the week we were used to seeing it and it was no big deal. We did quite a few excursions, the first being Manati Park. I spoke to some people who really liked it but personally I would have rather done something else. We did go horseback riding on the beach which was a blast because they take you at full gallop down the beach or you can just plod along if you don't feel comfortable doing that. The horses look like they are starving to death though which I didn't like. I would also reccomend tha Sanoa Island trip. You take about a 2hr bus ride with the guide telling you all about the Dominican and then get onto a catamaran and sail to a beautiful Island for the afternoon. All in all it was a good vacation but honestly I don't think I would come back to the Fiesta.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Resort My Friend and I just returned from a 2 week holiday at the Fiesta Bavaro. Nov. 2003. We had a great time. The staff were friendly and the place was kept very clean. You felt like you were walking in a park. The beach was kept clean every day. The food was fantastic. The buffets were enormous. We couldn't sample everything. The cheese selection was unreal. They had everything from Brie to Blue cheese. I liked the option of having my meats grilled every day. With every meal they had an assortment of fruits, We especially enjoyed the passion fruit. There were 3 beach bars which was wonderful, you didn't have to walk far for a drink. You can have a massage in a hut right on the beach. There is a steam room and a sauna, and a hot tub,all kept very clean. The only complaint we had was that the Lobby was very smokey. We had a hard time finding a place to sit and enjoy the live music at night, as the majority of the guests were smoking. The resort needs to provide a non smoking section. Definetly worth the money.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2003
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I love Fiesta Bavarao and Its Staff My husband and I love the exotic, tropical climate. We have been to many tropical islands. We just returned from our best vacation ever - the Domincian Republic.The place to stay is the Fiesta Bavaro. The people are friendly, attentive and affectionate. This is part of their cultural. The food was great, theatrical entertainment, every night - excellent! The place is so huge, tropical and beautiful, that you would enjoy just spending a few hours walking around the hotel complex.The elegance and cleanliness of the spa was wonderful.Our room was thoroughly cleaned every day by a wonderful young woman who handled the domestic chores in our room during our entire 12 day stay. She would make lovely heart shaped designs out of towels and place them on our bed encircled with lovely red flowers.The Outback Safari was educational and fantastic.I can't wait to go back to the Dominican Republic and stay at the Fiesta Bavaro again.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Holiday! My wife and I stayed at the Fiesta Beach Resort from Nov. 8-15, 2003. Had a great time. Read all the reports before going and don't understand why there were negative comments. Grounds - beautiful, Staff - friendly and helpful, Beach - Superb, Rooms and buildings - clean, Food and service - good. A friendly Ola! and smile to the staff goes a long way. We did leave American $1 tips for exceptional service and for the maid each day. One day after returning from the beach and standing on our 1st floor balcony, the gardener saw us and clipped a bouquet of beautiful yellow flowers and handed them to my wife. Would go back to this resort without hesitation.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Delicious I was at the fiesta beach for the second year this August and loved it ,the food was great the peaple are very friendly but best of all the animation staff were fantastic .I recomend it for a family holiday,its the best we hope to return.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2003
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>average Just returned from Punta Cana on Nov. 8. The Palladium Grand, is not a 5 star in my opinion. I understand that they are renovating, and I am sure that the jr suite rooms will be awesome upon completion, however the standard rooms, have supposedly been done and are very much a 3 star room. The grounds are lovely, however when you get to the beach there is a road which is not attractive in which you have to cross. (not a public road; it just does not flow and fit in.) This took away from the loveliness of the property. The food is good, though the restaurants look old and tired. The disco was fun and large, however not kept up and dirty looking. I really tried to like it as I am a Travel Agent, though had a hard time enjoying this property. The beach is spectacular. I also stayed at the Riu Bambu and inspected the Iberostar's which were fabulous.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved it  hi there ,we went to fiesta beach april of 2003 and it was great except the tv no stations in english and blurry but everything else was wonderfull my husband and daughter loved it and we will go back for sure it was peaceful and relaxing we had never been on vacation before and were very pleased with the service the grounds were kept beyond nice and the staff were friendly to us anyway u have to treat people the way you want to be treated .i would recamend this resort for more family orintated people definitley not you party place you might want to go to cancun for that   
<Date>Nov 4, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rythems of the night! The music was moving. The service excellent! The food great, and for those who complain about it, eat safer non-spicey foods from the huge selection of choices and drink the bottled water and less booze! The beach there is out of this world.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>willmis
<Content>Very nice hotel and beach, all OK We were in the Bavaro Resort end of August and we like d it very much. Our children and we had a lot do: katamaran sailing (1 hr is free for each room, but you must be there at 9 am to get a date), pool and a very nice beach. We liked the people (wich cannot speak english so well, but there is always a way of understanding), people were very friendly. Food was good (sometimes excellent), and there was a lot of different choices of food (especially for children): Pizza, self made noodle, ... The people in the buffet area are looking for cleanil ness very much. They always clean the places around the buffet. The rooms are very nice and are cleaned well. The animation people are very friendly and do their best.We are thinking of visiting this resort again sometime!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2003
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Phenomenal resort My husband and I spent 7 nights at this resort.....8/29/03 - 9/5/03 and we could not have been any more pleased ! I read all the reviews on this site prior to leaving and was very skeptical. Unfortunately for me, if there is anyone in our family who will get sick....it is ALWAYS ME....therefore I took this trip with great caution ! I packed an entire pharmacy for the trip. To my amazement I never got sick nor did my husband. Of course they tell you do not drink the water and we strictly adhered to that and we did not eat an abundance of fresh cut fruit. The remaining food selection was out of this world. If you can not find something to eat here, then you obviously are far to picky. We had selections ranging from Pizza, Pasta, Ham, Pork Chops, Steak, Rice, Goat, Rabbit, Mashed Potatoes, Fried Potatos, French Fries, baked chicken, fried chicken, chicken stir fry, shrimp, lasagna......anything and everything you wanted was there...including cavier ! And we ate our share ! You can go to the ala carte restaurants and we NEVER had to wait for service EVER...however we preferred all the different buffets at all 3 resorts.The Dominican people for extremely friendly and on the contrare of what a previous review stated....they LOVE AMERICANS ..... they think Americans are friendlier and much more pleasant and they love to have as many Americans visit as possible. Most of these staff and workers earn approximately $100 a month...and if you leave $1 for the maid or hand the waiter a $1 tip and a nice polite smile....you have made a friend for life! These people were always smiling and singing as they worked.....as one local told me....If we are poor...leave us poor as we are happy....they love their life and it shows in their personalities.We took the outback safari tour and the guides (Hose, Miguel and Tony) were out of this world ! It gave everybody a very different outlook of the Dominican way of life and we gained much respect for their customs.The beaches were gorgeous.....the resort was impeccable and we have absolutely NOTHING bad to say about the entire place. We had NO bugs...the water was warm and clean....the food was fantastic and the people were outstanding.We love it and will go back every year ! for $1400 for 2 people....we ate that much in food and drinks ! This was an outstanding vacation !  
<Date>Sep 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice holiday...but worst animation I have ever seen HELLO GUYS! One week ago I returned from my holiday in the Dominican Republic. It wasn`t the first time I have been there, but the first time that I chose the Fiesta Bavaro Hotel for my vacation. Altogether the holiday was great: nice and hot weahter, delicious food, warm water, beautiful beach,... BUT of course there was also one big PROBLEM! The ANIMATION was as worst as anywhere else! To me it seemed so as if the activity leaders are just there to do there job because they have to do it, and not because they like to entertain the guests! It really doesn`t matter whether it was during the day or the night- the whole ANIMATION was rather, rather,... POOR and definitely NOT comperable with all the other Animation-Teams I have already got to know!!!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful resort with many drawbacks We recently stayed at the Fiesta Bavaro because it came highly recommended by our travel agent, and it was an awesome price! While I have to say that the resort itself is abosolutey beatiful, there needs to be some improvement in many areas.  First off, sadly enough, the Dominicans don't seem to like Americans very much. This is a shame because the Dominican Republic is quickly gaining popularity with the US travelers. We had many hotel employees who were nice, others indifferent, and some who were downright rude and hostile. I can't count the number of times when my husband, our two young children and I would be at the buffet getting our food, to come back to our table and find that it had been given to someone else. Let me tell you, it is not fun to hold plates full of food with hungry kids, and have to wait for another table. This happened too many times to count.  And while on the subject of food-its horrible. I wasn't expecting a 5 star restaraunt, but anything edible would have been nice. We mostly ate french fries. And yes-be prepared to be sick. We didn't eat a whole lot (because the food was awful) and we were told to avoid any fruit that you don't peel yourself. Maybe that's why so many get sick.  Another annoying thing is you must wait in line to make reservations to eat. You can only book one place at a time, so be prepared to WAIT. By 9am, the line is out the door.  I must say the beach is beautiful, the grounds are beautiful, the pools are awesome, and the rooms are nice as well. Don't believe anything about tipping your maid for better service. I left ours $4 a day (american money) and she NEVER cleaned it. I think she just came in, collected the money, and left. Overall, this place is nice for a vacation on a budget. Where else can a family of 4 go on an all- inclusive for 7 nites, with airfare, for under $2500? Not too many places. One last note-do not expect any type of activity outside the resort unless you take a tour for additional $$. There is virtually nothing there. We would have gladly gone outside the property to have a decent meal. It was so funny to hear everyone on the flight home planning what place they were stopping to eat when they got home-I guess it wasn't just us!!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>smp21
<Content>Wonderful time! i can麓t believe report from Tripadvisor Newark, posted on July 25th. What a huge coincidence! I麓ve been with my family, i. e. my husband and two kids, 14 and 9 about the same days he mentioned and we spent a wonderful time there. Everything was fine. Food was excellent. Best attention, wonderful people around. We went together with other four families including some seniors. Everybody enjoyed so much. Nobody was sick. And we can麓t wait for our next holidays to return there.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fiesta Bavaro is for Spaniards Ijust returned with a group of 48 people and have mixed feelings about the resort. While most of the staff was very attentive and courteous, especially the reception desk and the animation group, middle management was rude and discriminating. Our group, which consisted mostly of hispanics felt heavy discrimination from the spaniards and security wa very adamant in not allwing dominican nationals in the resort. We had incidents where dominican nationals and other hispanics that were part of our group were not allowed to re-enter the resort after visiting a nearby hotel, even though they had their wrist bands and gave their names and room numbers. I would never again visit this resort, nor would rcommend it to anyone who is not a Spaniard.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fiesta Bavaro - excellent vacation My family and I just returned from our 8 day vacation at Fiesta Bavaro. I have to say we were alittle scared about going after reading some of the reviews. Well guess what? Forget all the negative reviews, they'd probably complain about anyplace they went to. We (3 adults and 3 teenagers) had a great time!! The food was great at the buffets and the reservation restaurants. There was a great selection from different cultures including American, that you could always find something you liked. The rooms are your basic hotel rooms nothing special, but your not in them anyway. Yes, I'll agree about the pillows, but have a couple of drinks before bed and you won't care. The resort, grounds and beach are absolutely beautiful. You do need to get your towels on chairs at the pool early (around 8am) if you want a lounge chair at any point during the day (table and chairs always available). The beach lounge chairs only if you have a large party. Most of the buildings are not air conditioned and it's very humid there (at least in August) so dress accordingly. The reservation restaurants, the lobby bathrooms, the disco and your rooms are it. Either we got use to it or the humidity lifted the last half of our week. Remember again, your in the tropics. The staff is very friendly, but speaks little english, just enough to get by. Guest services personnel do speak english and some of the front desk people. I'd recommend learning a few phrases, but we got by on forgotten middle school spanish and only used the spanish/english dictionary once or twice. The activities/entertainment staff were wonderful, friendly and very active. They have activities for everyone - adults, children and the teenagers. The non-motorized water equipment was always available except the catamarans. You need to reserve them at 9am by the spa. Which brings me to the spa -- yum. I don't think they realize what they could be charging for they're services. When we go again - we decided we'll have something done everyday. It's sssooo cheap and feels great. Try a beach massage, the ocean breeze feels great. The shopping is kind of limited, there are shops near the lobbies of all 3 resorts. If you like to haggle there's a flea market area down the beach from the resort. Or if you cut thru there's alittle town with shops and the mercado is cheaper then the resort. And to the question everyone is wondering about - if you brush your teeth and rinse your toothbrush off with bottled water and don't drink any of the faucet or shower water - you should be fine and not have diarrhea. I had no problems - only a little upset because of all the fruit and rich food. Everyone else in our party did one of the no no's, like rinsing the toothbrush with the faucet water, but it didn't slow anyone down (bring the Immodium AD). Bottled water is available everywhere - it's your best friend embrace it. And here's my only complaint - European's are rude and smoke everywhere! That's it ! - I would return to Fiesta tomorrow if I could get off work and I truly hope to go back next year. Have a wonderful time there!!!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Want To Leave I loved every minute of my vacation in Fiesta Bavaro. I did get sick, but only for a day and it had nothing to do with the food it was from the sun. I definetly did not wanna go home at the end of our vacation and I am trying to convenince my mom to go back there next year. Go there you'll love it and get to know the workers they are a blast.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thetwin
<Content>Beautiful Grounds We just returned on Wednesday, August 13th and had a really good time. We traveled with out 15 year old son. I was a little concerned about the food after reading all the reviews, but we all thougt the food was really good and there was a great selection. It's not American of course, but you are not in America! We never ate at any of the reservation resturants because we didn't want to take the time to make a reservation, and also they change the buffet nightly with a differnt theme.Regarding some of the things I would do differently:* Bring toys (balls) for the pool and a float. * They have ping pong tables, but never any balls or paddles. I would bring my own. We have traveled to Cancun before and I thought the people were friendlier there. Thr language barrier is definitely greater in the Dominican. This resort has little air conditioning. The resturants can be a warm along with the lobby. Our rooms was okay, however, we heard from another family that they were in a room that was recently renovated and it sounded beautiful. Jacuzzi tub and all! Also, the pillows are extremely flat.The beach and the grounds are beautiful. They really work hard to keep everything nice. You have to get up and down to the pool early, (by 8:30am) and reserve your chair, or you may be left out. There are also alot of topless women, so be ready for that.All in all, it was a really good value for the money. We would probably go back again. It was a good cultural experience!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time We just got back from Fiesta Bavaro and had a great time. In our group there was 3 adults and 3 teens. There was a little something for everyone. The food was good (not great) and lots of varity. The ala carte resturants were a nice change and the Mare Nostrum was really pretty good. We even had a little birthday party there. The drinks were OK, again, not great. The limon and rum was very refreshing. The people that worked at the resort were very nice and tried very hard to communiate in English, but we were in their country, were should have learned a liitle more Spanishx . We had 2 junior suites and they were always clean and a nice size. The drinks were replenished every other day. The beds were very hard though and the pillows were not that great either, but we did spend very little time in our room. The beach was beautiful and the water was great, just perfect as far as we were concerned. There was a lot of Eurpean women that were topless, but after awhile you get use to it. There was no snorkeling from the beach like in other islands that we have been to, we did bring our own gear, but there was just nothing to see. The kids did the windsurfing etc. and seem to have a good time. The pool ws large and it did have a swm upbar, but I thought it kind of smelled. There were other pools at the connecting resorts. There was plenty to do as far as dancing classes, exercise classes, volleyball etc. I think it is up to you as to how much you want to do. We did the Apple Safari to the mountains and back, it was very expensive but worth it and we ended our trip at a wonderful beach. We also did the Spa treatments, they were great and cheap, well worth the money! The only bad thing in our opinion was the rude Europeans. Word of warning - do not drink the water even when brushing your teeth, the water is filtered different then what we are use to, so it can upset your digestive system. It is also very humid in the moring, but on the beach with the breeze it is great. We all agreed that it was a great vacation and we would all return again.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed feelings We just returned from a week vacation at Fiesta Bavaro. The accomodations were excellent, beach fantastic! The huge pools were also beautiful but too crowded to enjoy- we could not find a chair. We had more than enough buffet restaurants to choose from ( some were cooler than others), and the selection was outstanding. Unfortuantely,I was sick within 24 hours! ( As were many Americans!) I regret that I did not find this website before my trip, as I would have brought an anitbiotic and immodium a.d.! I ate bread and rice most of the time. However, the other 2 people in my party were okay. We took several of the day trips recommended by Apple. By far the best By far the best trip was the Kontiki boat trip which included snorkling, drinking, and entertainment on the boat by the staff. Skip the swim with the dolphins unless your kids are determined. It was only a quick 5 minutes.If this resort is serious about catering to Americans they have a lot to improve upon. For example, learn to chill their cheap tap beer, and serve ice with all drinks not just by request. It was an ordeal getting ice with any drink. And when you are in the hot sun nothing is worse than warm water, soda or beer! Even though tips are included, you should tip your waiter/bartender so you will be treated well. The staff should also learn a few english phrases as well. Brush up your spanish and be ready to deal with unfriendly, rude Europeans and a culture shock -you are not in Kansas anymore!Overall, it was a relaxing vacation. My son made many new friends and so did we. However, I would not go back until they fine tune this place.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful vacation overall My husband and I just returned from a wonderful 10 days at Fiesta Bavaro with our 4 kids, age 11, 9, 6 and 4. We stayed in a Junior Suite, in the middle of the resort, not far from the main pool. As Apple clients, we enjoyed the pools and restaurants at the 2 adjoining properties as well. We especially liked the pool at Fiesta Beach, as it was quieter than the rest (and prettier, too). Our room was adequate for the little time we were in the room. 3 of the kids slept on the pull-out sofa, which I would definitely NOT recommend for adults, as the mattress is thin and flimsy. The room was very neat, and the maid kept the mini-fridge stocked for us at all times. The beach was absolutely spectacular-of the several places we've stayed in the Caribbean, this was no doubt the prettiest. The staff kept the beach clean, and raked daily for seaweed (minimal). There were 1-2 foot waves which were perfect for the kids without being too rough. And this was after Hurricane Claudette had bypassed the island. The younger kids enjoyed the Mini-Club (the older 2 preferred to stay on the beach with us). Leani, the regular care-giver at the mini-club, was quite pleasant, but spoke little English. This did not seem to be a problem with the kids. They enjoyed making friends from other countries. Our 4 year old had her birthday while there, and the staff made a big fuss with a gift for her. They also took the kids sailing on a Hobie cat one day, as well as mini-golfing. The mini-club facility itself is adequate with a little playground, soccer field, fort to climb in, Nintendo, ping-pong table and craft room. The kids' day is not entirely spent there, as they take them to the buffet for lunch, to the pool and beach.The food was very good. Keep in mind this is mostly a European resort, so the chefs have the challenge of appealing to many tastes. We never went hungry, and mostly overate! We did not bother with the reservation restaurants, as we heard that the food is mostly the same as the buffets, and the reservation system seemed silly. The presentation of the food is lovely. One highlight was the chef who carved food sculptures in the dining room so the kids could watch him. The fresh fruits were awesome. We also loved Mexican night-the best guacamole I ever had. Another night they served every kind of roast imaginable-roast beef, roast chickens, roast turkey, roast pork, etc. Delicious! Yes, we all did experience stomach upset and diarrhea. We were not able to isolate what caused it but we think it was the presence of unflitered water in the environment-they are constantly irrigating the landscape and washing sidewalks with this foul-smelling water. We were extremely careful not to drink the tap water and used bottled-water exclusively. A few doses of Imodium took care of the problem-be sure to take some along. The biggest problem was the behavior of a few of the topless women. We knew toplessness was permitted when we booked the vacation. However, unfortunately, the resort needs to provide beach monitors to assure that toplessness doesn't mean sexual behavior. For some couples (mainly young Americans who perhaps have not been topless before) this was an invitation for inappropriate behavior in the ocean. This was very unsettling for our older daughters, and my husband and I on a few occasions had to ask the couples to respect that this is a family resort. I'd estimate that 60-70% of women on the beach were topless, and much smaller % at the pools. The only other disappointment was that snorkelling was an extra expense. We had to pay $20 per person to be taken out to the reel off-shore to snorkel. It was very good once we got there, but it would have been nice if there was eguipment available to borrow for the kids to use along the beach also. I guess next time we'll take our own from home. Also, you need to reserve the Hobie cats by 10am the day you want to sail. Otherwise, it's all booked. We enjoyed the sea kyacks (free) instead! We brought inexpensive inflatable rafts and rings from home, and I'd recommend that, too.All-in-all, it was a wonderful affordable vacation. We'd go back without hesitation.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dont believe the hype hello potential travelers, I' ve been to this resort and let me tell you, i didn't have a good time. me and my wife and two other couples traveled here from july 16th to july 23rd 2003, and it was the worst vacation i've ever had!!! The resort itself wasn't that bad, the pool and beach was very nice, and the people were very friendly, but spoke very little ENGLISH. some of the other problems we encountered were too many kids on the adult side of the pool, kids in the disco at 12 and 1:00 am and also reservations for the restaurants was an inconvenience, but ladies and gentlemen the clincher was the food. It gave everybody diarrhea. I was sick for 2 days my wife for a day and my buddy when we got back to the States he went straight to the hospital with the diagnosis of a bacterial infection that had him sick for 5 days. Needless to say I will never go back there under any circumstances. My advice is to you guys if you must go, take an anti-biotic from your doctor and a bottle of Immodium AD. Thank you P.S. Pack an iron, there's only five of them in the whole resort  
<Date>Jul 25, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Trip! My parents, friend and I fell in LOVE with this place! We went during spring break and stayed a week long. My friend and I are both 15 yrs old- we had our own suite and were always satisfied. The disco (club) - which was a lot of fun, was from 11 to 2 at night everyday (with good euro music and some meringue). We met a lot of different people from around the world. The beach was absolutely breathtaking- the water was aqua colored and the sand was white. I can't wait to go back this winter!!! The food was good, the people were friendly, and the country itself was beautiful.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PAGELEE98
<Content>Everything was perfect Let me just say our stay at Fiesta Bavaro was wonderful. We stayed at Fiesta June 21-30th and the six of us couldn't have been more pleased. We could not have asked for a better vacation. I dont' know what all the fuss is about when it comes to food. You just needed to know where to eat. The food was wonderful, you just need to have an open mind and remember you aren't at home, things dont' taste the same. The rooms were wonderful, we had 3 jr. suites, the grounds were beautiful and well kept. Every day there were workers cutting coconut palms down and cleaning any seaweed that washed up on the beach. The worked very hard to make the experience exceptional. The staff couldn't have been nicer. We have lots of pictures with our favorite people. We will defently go back to visit, hopefully in the near future. Thanks again for the wonderful experience.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>"Nice Family Vacation"  Our group of 14 spent July 7-14, 2003 at the Fiesta Bavaro Beach Resort. This group included 8 children and 6 adults. We are seasoned all-inclusive travelers. Before leaving on each trip, we seek JudyandMariastravel for advice on a resort. We have never been disappointed or had surprises. We agree with the four golden Apple rating. The amenities of five Apple ratings were often missing. From an American point of view, this resort is very European. The English language is a minority, however we enjoyed the multi-cultural flair of the guests. We enjoy exposing our children to this. Even our difficult 14 year-old fell in love with a lovely French girl. All we can say about the negative reviews on this resort, is to DO YOUR RESEARCH BEFORE HAND!! It is a little presumptious to visit a foreign land and demand that everyone speak English. It is very helpful at this particular resort to speak some Spanish or French. From the beginning: The grounds are beautiful; very expansive; walkie-talkies are very useful. There are really four resorts in this complex: The Resort, The Beach, The Palace and Looklea. All staff are friendly and accomodating. All front desk and Apple staff speak English. A person in our party spoke fluent Spanish, so the language was not a problem. If anything, the staff appreciated that someone did speak their native tongue. The food wad great and had a tremendous variety. Some people will always find something to complain about. If you can't find something to eat at this resort, then something is plainly wrong with you. The a-la-carte reservations are a pain, not worth it, this is not unique to this resort. NO ONE GOT SICK! (We always start taking antibiotics the day before we leave; it has never failed). Apart from the a-la-carte, the only other complaint is the lack of good poolside bar service. The servers were very courteous, but didn't understand how to prepare mixed drinks very well. We did however eventually find a bar in the main lobby that prepared fabulous drinks. We recommend the Acapulco. The beach is lovely; many water sports available. Topless women everywhere, but we knew that ahead of time. Our three boys are used to it. NO MOSQUITOS, and boy were we waiting for them. Apple patrons are able to use all four resorts, which we did. A lovely touch was to have a massage on the beach. IT WAS ABSOLUTELY GRRRRREAT!! Deep sea fishing is non-existent. Shopping is limited. Be prepared for very aggressive vendors at the flee market as well as at the Bavaro Mall. The side tours are nice. We did the Outback Safari and the Marinarium - wear plenty of sun screen. The children really enjoyed swimming with nurse sharks and sting rays. A little bit of advice if your children are staying in a separate room from mom  dad: Channel 8 becomes the Playboy channel after midnight. It can only be deleted manually. A small inconvenience is that the t.v. remote is only given at the front desk, you're going to need it. This trip was most enjoyable, we may return some day. The group as a whole had such a good time together, we're already discussing next year and bringing an even bigger group.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>1 word, Wow! this was definetely the best vacation ever, as a matter of fact im going again this summer with my family for my sisters fifteens. trust me you will love it and the food selection is great. anywhere from fish to meat to jappanese food. whoever said the food sucks doesnt know what there talking about!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cant wait to go back! :-) Hello, I am a college student who went away for spring break (March) with my boyfriend. We went through apple vacations, which was absolutely great. They were so helpful, all flights were on time, etc. The resort...the first thing that comes to mind is ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL! I have never seen such beautiful grounds, and beautiful beaches in my life. Although not many of the employees spoke fluent english, it was no problem communicating with them. Although they do not speak english well, most of them could still understand it. The employees at the front desk all spoke english and were extremely helpful at all times. The only complaint that I have was that the food could have been better. They had a huge variety, but most of the restaurants were buffett-style, and had the same food every night. Keep in mind, that this resort is all about relaxation, so if you are going to party, and looking for lots of night life, you will not find it here. We stayed on the resort the entire time, which was the advice of our apple representive. Supposedly, the activities off of the resort were overpriced and not alway safe. I would definately go back to this resort again, it truely is a beautiful place. Feel free to email me on any questions you may have. Tonya BurrillBaltimore, MD  
<Date>Jul 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kath1424
<Content>So-So Fiesta Okay, my fiance and I decided to take a last minute trip to get away from it all. I booked the trip through a private travel agent who booked it through apple vacations. We went May 5th-May12th.. Our flight down was uneventful despite our last minute change of flight times that I had happened upon (no one informed us) and the unexpected stop for more passengers in Baltimore...this was much of a nuisance because we were all expecting a non-stop flight. Anyhow, we got to Punta Cana and we were escorted to our resort in an organized manner. Our room was very spaciuos and clean. Our junior suite room was quite a hike to the beach though. The people were nice..the bartenders were awesome!! Maximo and Alex were superb. I loved them. The resort is not geared towards Americans, nor were there hardly any Americans vacationing there. It was a majority of French, Spanish, and Canadians. My fiance and I were so lonely...No one wanted to talk to us.. we did find one couple from Pittsburgh, THANK HEAVENS!! The food was a whole other story. I did not per say get sick from it but i was chronically nauseaus and therefore did not eat hardly anything. I lost 8lbs. My fiance did get violently ill one night and he ended up losing like 4-5lbs. So, the food was not for us!! One hint: the reservation restaurants are the way to go, we did not get sick from any of that food. The beach was amazing! I loved every part of it. We were both extremely bronzed when we got back which was nice. The spa was very nice too...not too pricey either. All in all, the trip was fair. VERY RELAXING and GREAT SUN and BEACH!! Would I do it again? Nope. Need to Americanize it some more first!!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible food! Visited the Fiesta Bavoro resort, Punta Cana July7-14, 2003, traveled with my husband, children (ages 6,10) and my parents who are in their 70's. It was the longest week of our lives! The food was horrible! My husband and I got food poisoning during the trip and I am still unable to eat solid food. We basically ate bananas and bread the entire week. The restaurants are not air conditioned and it was entirely to hot to relax and eat. Making reservations for the ala carte restaurant are a joke as you have to stand in a huge line at 9 am for the next nights dinner and if you aren't early enough by the time you are waited on in the line, the restaurants could be booked! (and they are not worth the wait...the food is just as horrible as the buffet!) We found out on the way home that several other people were sick also including 11 people from a wedding party who got food poisoning and had to go to the doctors while they were there!....We only drank bottled water even brushing our teeth with it so we still did not pinpoint what we ate that made us sick. I was very upset that the pool also had topless women...I thought it was a Family Resort and was caught off guard by the Majority of travelers (mostly European) who practiced this lifestyle. There was not much entertainment and basically none for our kids. The kids club is also a joke--there is very small playground (more suitable to a toddler size) where you could leave your child with a lady that could not speak english and had no activities planned for the kids...needless to say we did not use this service. Hopefully, if you are staying here you won't need any service/repairs to your room during your stay-nothing gets done unless you keep after them and then that sometimes took a day or two. We ended up speaking with the head of guest services to get several problems corrected..she corrected them but never offered an apology for the poor service. The ground are beautiful as well as the beach (with the exception of the topless women everywhere). The flight service with USA 3000 was exceptional and on time. Apple Rep was just okay....he did not want to hear from anyone with a problem though. We also felt that Apple should have informed us of the $10 departure tax that was effective July 1, 2003. Beware if you want to stay at this resort after reading my review and TAKE SOME FOODyou will need it!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Food was terrible I visited D.R. Fiesta Bavaro July 2003, the trip down and back went without a hitch, except finding out about the new departure tax just instituted on July 1..another $10 just like when you enter the country. The easy way to let everyone know about this resort will be with my rating system of 1-10.with 10 being perfect and 1 as bad as you could expect. The resort grounds 9/10.......the pool and swim up bar 7/8, it could have been cleaner. The rooms 7/8..the beach 7/8, the water is not very clear, compared to what I have seen before, and there are no waves. The food 2/3, if it wasn't for the bread my daughter and several other children would have gone hungry at night!,,nothing American. The topless women were a nice plus, eventhough some should have kept their tops on. Overall 6..I would not recommend this resort.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ok. but wouldnt recommend or go back the food was awful. went to the store to buy chips and candy bars to live on during the vaction. when we arrived i was very disappointed with the room. didnt seem clean. called a maid and they came right away to clean the room. that brings up another topic, if you dont speak spanish, good luck. it is almost impossible to get anyone to understand what you are saying. besides the room being dirty the air conditioning didnt work or the tv. people came right away to make the repairs. BEWARE of the scuba outting they solicit around the pool....my husband was thrown from the boat as it almost tipped. the driver was inexperienced and was taking over for the original person that drives who was too drunk to drive. pool was great, ocean and beach were great. drinks were excellent. Apple representative was horrible. our plane was delayed 4 hours which brought us to 11:30pm before the bus left the hotel. you have to be out of your room at 3pm so a long wait. asked the representative for a room until we left later that night. he said the hotel was booked and impossible to get a room. we went up to the desk and asked, and we got a room....but we had to pay!! as i said, okay place for the money, but spend a little more to go somewhere else and you will be much happier.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>never again first off expedia screwed us by saying we didn't have all inclusive when we did at the time.with 4 days before we left they offered a different hotel for $300 more,we didn't have much choice.the food was terrible.beach was well kept,the staff was fun and kept u on your feet doing things.if your from america your the minority,which was harder than i thought.i try not to complain,but not drinking the water or ice didn't work,we all got sick.and still feeling the runs.my son was picked up by someone who said he was with the hotel,even comfirmed by a security person of hotel.he was offered drugs,girls anything he wanted for money.i thank this goes on at all resorts.they did have topless women all over  
<Date>Jun 30, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Vacation I ever had The resort was very relaxing. It was not crowded at all. We had the best time. The food was great there was such a good variaty. From some of the other reciews that I have read people did not like the food, I guess they expected to go to an island in the carrabian and eat pizza and burgers. We are going again this fall, thats when the weather is the best it doesnt rain as much. Have fun!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst food ever! M y husband and myself hust returned from the FIESTA BAVARA. I have never experienced such horrible food. We had to eat cake just because the food was so horrible. I was terrible ill for a day. T  
<Date>Jun 23, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>biddersuite
<Content>Great resort on the best beach My wife, daughter and myself had a fantastic vacation at the Fiesta Bavaro. This is 3 resorts in one. We like where we stayed best. The Palace was not as active and gregarious. We had yellow wrist bands, (Apple Vacations) which allowed us access to the entire 3 resorts. A very good value on a nicely landscaped, very large complex. Lots of walking which is fine considering the variety of food and every present drink. Nice friendly staff with exception of front desk I found to be OK but not that friendly. The beach is the very best. The pools are nice but we stayed mostly at the beach. Lots to see and do. Outside the resort in town or shopping area is not a pleasant experience as too much hustle and agressive people who are desperate to sell their goods. The parasailing was fantastic and affordable. The snorkeling must be done by boat at a minimal cost and is very nice. The beaches are clean and the many drink huts make it a very easy place to hang out all day. The food variety is good. Not fantastic, just good. The only Ala carte restaurant I would recommend was the Tex-Mex. Otherwise the buffets were it, although it is a buffet...so lots of people. I found the resort personell friendly and sincere for the most part. There is a very large European contingency which I found to be terrible tippers and aloof. Lots of topless bathing at pool and beachwhich I did not mind at all. Lots of G-strings on fat men. Yuck. Overall, a very nice place and beautiful grounds and people. I would go back again, although maybe at a bit more upscale resort for a better a little better drink and food quality. Preminum liquors and wines cost extra at the resort. This is a good family resort that offers an extremely good value. 3 of us for 6 nights for $1150 (less air-fare)or so thru Apple vacations. With Apple, you get a yellow wrist band which gives you total access to the other 2 resorts. Their is one other small resort there called Lookea, which is only French. They do their own thing together. Americans are treated very well there and are favored for our generosity and tendency to spend on extra cost activities such as snorkeling, para-sailing, Outback Safari tour etc. Tips cost me maybe $125 or so for the week and it gets you drinks pronto and extra service inspite of what others may tell you. A little tip helps the locals as they make very little in wages. In many cases I was embarassed at getting extra service at the bars and restraurants but would not change a thing. They deserved tips for the fast friendly hard working people that work there. I would highly recommend this resort for families as it is very affordable and a great staff and beautiful sprawling grounds that require lots of walking but helps burn all the calories you will take in. There is always a place to get a drink or something to eat, you just have to walk a bit at off hours. During peak hours, the bars are many and the food is everywhere. The beach was the finest I had the pleasure of experiencing. I have been to Mexico many times and Hawaii and Jamaica once. but this beach had them all beat. If you want a great value, this is the place. Be warned however that the pillows on the beds are worthless and the sofa bed in the Jr. Suites is terrible. You may have to improvise with larger groups. I wish the resort sold cheap pillows as towels rolled up were better then what the rooms came with. A minor discomfort for me but for some it may be a major thing. Overall, though...a fine resort for the buck.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Such an Awesome time!!!! I just got back from Punta Cana and I had a blast. I went with my entire family from 3 yrs olds to 60 and everyone had a blast. The food was good, the drinks were always available and the beach was beautiful. Bring some extra cash and you will have a blast doing activities like horseback right on the beach riding and and parasailing. The best part of this trip were the Dominican people that worked at the the fiesta bavaro! They were so friendly and the service was great. Tip them and you will be treated like a queen although they dont ever expect it. They are greatful and really want you to enjoy yourself. I will be there again soon!!!!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was great! Me and my boyfriend have just returned from the Fiesta Bavaro (May 28th - June 5th) and we thought it was great! The rooms were huge as ours had a lounge as well as a bedroom with two double beds and it was very clean, the beach was soft white sand and turquoise sea - just what we wanted! and the pool was huge and we always found two spare sunbeds together. The food was really nice but we would of liked a bit more variety on the lunch and dinner buffet. We did have to do quite a bit of walking because although we were near to the beach and pool we were a good 5 minutes walk from the main restaurant but we didn't mind as we were walking through the beautiful grounds. If you are going to do the excursions I would definitely recommend the 'Speed Venture', we both got to drive a speed boat for about 30 minutes each and go snorkelling for about 30-40 minutes where there was hundreds of fish all fighting to eat the fish food out of your hand, it was absolutly brilliant! Oh and the massage on the beach is a must! I would say if your going to go to the Fiesta Bavaro you are definitely in for a treat. NB. Some of the staff are not that great at speaking English, so it does help if you know basic Spanish.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place-Horrible reprsentitives OK me and a friend went to Fiesta Bavaro for a 3 day wked from 5/16 to 5/19. First the resort... Beautiful, Beach super clean, probably the prettiest beach I will ever see. Second- the food... Unfortunately we didn't do alot of eating, we stayed with the lobby rest. for the most part. Food was ok pretty good selection. There are other rest. you can go to but food was not the top priority to us. We were there to enjoy the beach, pool and the cocktails. Third- activities... They offer you all these 1/2 day packages to go do things but they don't tell you that right on the beach they have the same type things (for the most part) for less money ad time. We did snorkeling through Fiesta Bavaro instead of through Apple and it cost us 15.00 each and we were back to the beach in 1 1/2 hrs. Just enough time to enjoy it and then be done. We did Parasailing also the same way. 35.00 each. Excellent, no queasy stomach, great view of the land, super fun and done in 15 minutes. Apple doesn't tell you of this becasue I assume they don't get the money for it. Ok now the bad, Apple reps were fine and helpful while you were there BUT the second your supposed be leaving their hotel they are so done with you. This is fine if you don't have any problems. When you have a problem this is the time they should be the most helpful. Well... we woke up late and missed the shuttle to the airport. Packed really quick and got a taxi there ourselves. The reps pretty much said we can't help you you are S.O.L. Our plane was due to depart at 12:40 p.m. We got to the airport at 12:00. Only to find that our plane had left early. (over 1/2 hr early) We went to the Apple rep in the airport he shook his head, walked away and didn't want to know us. Thankfully the airport manager did help us and got us a flight to Philly PA (Even though we were supposed to be going to NJ) Ok so that was a long long day. but one other thing to mention is the way Apple screws you and pretty much robs you. We orig. were supposed to leave Punta Cana at 8:40 p before our trip they called and said that the departure was rescheduled for 12:40 (Screwing us out of the entire last day.) They wouldn't reimburse any money and said tough. So the hotel was great, beer is just like coors light, rooms are beautiful and clean (make sure you leave the maid about 2.00 daily) beach and pool excelent. APPLE REPS NO HELP NOT FRIENDLY ONCE THERE IS A PROBLEM. I would recommend the hotel 100% not APPLE  
<Date>May 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Resort - Bad Diarrhea Traveled for the second year to Fiesta Bavaro. The first year our group went was great, Traveled the week of May 10 through May 17th, 2003 and within 24hrs of our arrival we were stricten with severe stomach cramps and severe diarrhea. We had to receive medical attention after our arrival back home. I would advise anyone traveling to take a perscription for an antibiotic along with you as the pharmacies do not have strong enough medication for treatment.  
<Date>May 25, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great beach - bad diarrhea -very bad The beach/pool was very nice, the employees were very friendly and helpful, and the shows were fun. The food was just okay even at the restaurants that required reservations. Despite not drinking any tap water my wife and I, as well as quite a number of other guests, became sidelined due to rather serious diarrhea. We even had to cancel a tour that we booked for the fifth day of an 8-day stay.  
<Date>May 19, 2003
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best Trip Fiesta Bavaro was wonderful the food was wierd but great! The people were so friendly. And the beaches were so beutiful. My room had an ocean front view and it was gorgeus. The pools were fantastic . Theres so much to do and I could go on and on but if your thinking of a trip you should definitly go to Dominican Republic , Fiesta Bavaro !  
<Date>May 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best Time Ever! Myself and a friend, my 2 daughters and each a friend (6 girls) travelled here April 13 - 20th. It is fabulous and I would recommend it to anyone. I hate to say anything negative at all, but the one and only thing would be the musty smell in our room. Other than that it was very very clean, the maids did a great job and were always mopping the hallways. The Beach is gorgeous - lots of lounge chairs, the water is awesome, the bars and drinks were great - lots of variety of local liquor and Presidente Beer which we all enjoyed. The staff were ALL friendly and tried to speak English or tried to teach you some Spanish. The incouraged guests to join in to dance lessons, areobics, and all other sports provided. There were lots of activities right on the resort. The disco was fun and the entertainment was always enjoyable. The food was great too with lots of variety! With 3 resorts combined into one, you had lots of choices for activities, restaurants, pools and bars. What more can I say! I would highly recommend this resort! We brought makeup and nail polish, etc. to leave on the pillow for the maids. They seemed to really like that touch. We saw very little tipping but we did tip a lot, although some bar tenders didn't want to take tips. You will enjoy this place!  
<Date>May 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nellieBath
<Content>A dream come true Fantastic holiday, we went sept 2002 for two weeks,lovely beaches, fantastic food never seen so much, we went for our silver anniversary and my birthday they were celebrated in style, it was more like a seven star, more than we ever expected.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Break in the Sun I was here with my husband and son from April 5th to 12th. We really enjoyed ourselves and were very impressed with the resort. We expected it to be big but it was huge. Lots of walking to and fro within the resort but all clearly marked out to see where you were going. Lobby of the hotel was lovely and clean with very good decor. Very pleasing and nice staff and nice bars to sit around the whole resort. The main pool which we used was absolutely lovely and huge and of course there was always some form of entertainment going on within the resort, from diving lessons to water aerobics, water volley ball and water polo and not to mention the meringue classes which seemed to be great fun. The food was plentiful buffet style but one gets overwhelmed with the choice of what you want to eat. On the whole the food was very good and nicely presented.I highly recommend visiting an all inclusive resort like this which is set in a very idyllic setting with a beautiful beach near by. The one advantage of being on the beach you can visit the beach bar and have lunch there and they are not so formal with the mens shoulders being covered up at this time. The main restaurant they are quite strict with the mens shoulders being covered up even at Breakfast! This place is a great place to relax and enjoy yourself. If you are visiting soon, enjoy. We will certainly visit the Dominican Republic again and would go all inclusive. It is advisable to tip the staff the main staff that looked after us who we saw the most of we tipped at the end of our holiday. It is advisable to tip the maid every day who did a great job in our room and if you are able to speak a bit of Spanish it does help as the mini bar is complimentary and we asked her if she could fill up the bar with more drinks if possible, which she did. So a couple of bucks wont go amiss at all. We used to just leave the money on top of the fridge. Having said that you can always go up to the bar and take a few bottles back to your room.One piece of adh with the local water as I completely forgot so make sure you have plenty of mineral water to do your teeth! We had a great time and I hope you do to.Lulu  
<Date>Apr 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This resort is fabulous!!! Got teen age kids? This place is the place to go. We took our 3 sons ages 14, 16  23. Service was excellent. What we liked best is that there was so much fun stuff to do (you can go your seperate ways and meet for lunch / dinner - bring post it notes and leave them on your room door as to where and when to meet) within the 3 sister resorts that are located within walking distance of each other. Pack plenty of sunscreen as it is mega expensive here. The 4pm water polo was an every day event for us as was the disco for the boys. The buffets are the way to go, over 100 choices on each, all presented beautifully. Don't get too psyched up aboput the all you can eat lobster buffet on Friday. It's good, but dosn't hold a candle to Maine lobster. The disco opens at 11pm and rocks till about 2am when you can go to the pizzeria, this is generally for the 15 to late 20's crowd. The 10pm shows can go from a little hokey to really great. This place requires alot of walking which in my opinion is a good thing seeing the food was so good and I ate way more than I should. Bugs were virtually non existant. Absolutely pristine beaches. If you go anywhere in the Dominican, please remember to tip. If anyone, including the aquatic crew, entertainment staff, etc. provides you a service, please remember to tip. Often in all inclusives guests don't think about it. They are so grateful. Loved it, not one of us wanted to leave.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't wait to get back to the Fiesta Bavaro My wife and I vacationed at the Fiesta Bavaro March 26-April 2, 2003. We had a wonderful experience. We always had taken vacations that offered freedom and I was concerned about being cooped up for a week. I shouldn't have worried. They have two sister resorts neighboring and we had the opportunity to use all 3 resorts facilities (you can get a resort specific package also). A short walk away was a busy shopping area that was fun to visit. We even took a guided day-trip to more fully appreciate the Dominican Republic landscape and people..loved it. The resort itself was great. From checkin to checkout the people were wonderful..helpful and courteous. The room was large (junior suite) with a separate living room. The beach was almost like Cancun's before the hurricane hit it. Soft sand, no rocks, clear water, excellent wading or swimming temperature. No wonder over half of the guests at the hotel were from Europe..they have discovered it and obviously treasure the Dominican's environment. The swimming pool was an active place but large enough that noone fel crowded. Excellent service at the pool bar. Food...great food, we had our choice of 7 restaurants at the 3 resorts. Some of them were theme restaurants and we tried them, but our greatest meals were in their main dining rooms with large buffets. Food for every appetite. The presentation and size of the selections were outstanding to the point that many people were taking pictures of the buffets. They must not have felt that they could accurately describe it to friends/relatives back home. All in all a great, affordable vacation. We were too busy to feel cooped up-we had a lot of freedom at an all inclusive resort.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LOVED DR By far the best vacation ever. Went out there with 6 friends all of us between ages of 19-25 and we all loved it. The hotel was very well kept and the staff was very friendly. We all speak spanish so that was a major plus to be able to communicate with everyone. The food was excellent a wide selection so you dont' have to be eating the same thing over. Would highly recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great vacation My husband and I just got back from Punta Cana. We were there from March 23,2003-March 30, 2003 and stayed at the Fiesta Bavaro. Having travelled extensively through the Carribean and Mexico, we can honestly say that this has been one of our best trips yet. Cannot find anything to really complain about. If you are looking for a resort that is set on a awesome and clean grounds, has a wonderful white sand beach, offers good food with lots of variety, has nice clean rooms and offers service with a smile...then this is the resort for you. The weather was perfect...the beach was paradise. We highly recommend this resort and in fact we not hesitate in returning ourselves.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the best vacation! We stayed at the Fiesta Bavaro from March,20-March,27. We loved this resort. This was are second trip to Punta Cana. We stayed at Riu Melao first time. First of all we were never treated like 2nd rate citizens. We are American and were treated with utmost courtesy. We had a junior suite, very nice and air-conditioning worked great. We had washcloths and plenty trial size shampoos lotions etc, hair dryers worked great. You might want to bring a clock with you, none in rooms. The pool was great, nice swim up bar. The beach was absolutly beautiful. I just wish there would have been more shade huts. Had to get up pretty early in the morning to reserve chairs. The buffet restaurant was huge and had alot of variety of food and I thought was good. We ate at Tex-Mex one night and had very good food. It was my birthday the staff made it very special for me. They sang happy birthday to me and brought me a cake that was real good!We found the staff to be very helpful and nice and friendly. We would highly recommend this resort to anyone. Also grounds were extremely taken care of plenty of palm trees and flowers, I think it was breathtaking. Can't find much to complain about. Would definitly go back in a heart beat!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice ocean ,warm weather We arrived early.There was a long line up at the front desk.We were given a room right away.The desk clerk rambled something in Spanish and sent us off.They were understaffed for a tour coming in.The rest of the staff at the resort we found friendly and helpful.Always a warm smile.An occaisonal tip to a bartender or porter is appreciated.Presidente beer is great.Always cold and fresh.I heard that they had a German Brewmaster help them with it.Nice Rum drinks,Pina coladas ect.Be sure to ask con rum or you might get a virgin drink!The restaurants are not worth the time.It seems that most of the food comes from one main kitchen however I'm not sure.There is a long wait every morning for people who want to sign up for the next days dinner.We found that the lunch time buffet at the restaurant near the beach,and the buffet near the main lobby for Breakfast or dinner was fantastic.My wife and I are not usually into buffettdining,however the food and the variety was great.Always hot many choices,friendly effecient workers.The hotel does a great job here!The grounds are nice .I was creeped out that there was not anything living really around.I did see some but not near the insect activity or lizards that I would hope to see in a tropical location.They must spray heavily.Beach is wonderful.Beautiful color.Water is warm.We spent our last 3 or 4 days just sitting on the beach swimming ,gawking ect.Met some fellow Canucks on a trip to Santo Domingo .Main city of the DR it is an interesting trip.Gives you an idea of actually where you are and a good insight to the peoples lives there.Nice Place all in all,makes me want to learn spanish!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mostly Positive, but... The positives: Great beach, staff, room, weather, and grounds. Good food, pools, and fun. The negatives: Telephone service. Would not put calls through to us from family in the states. Nudity allowed on beach and at pools. Be warned.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The most amazing place This resort was the most pleasant surprise for my boyfriend and I. Although arriving very late in the evening, the staff were courteous and very helpful considering the hour. Our room was spotless every single day and the room fridge filled every second day. The rooms are arranged into villas which make you feel more at home than in an enormous resort. The beach was spotless and gorgeous. The cleanliness of the place never ceased to amaze us. Tablecloths were changed in the restaurants consistently from person to person even when very unneccessary. This resort has an exceptional amount of walking but not, so much that you feel like you have been placed into the middle of nowhere. There are supermarkets at two of the resorts that are attached and much of the stuff was reasonably priced if you had the munchies for American chips, chocolate bars etc., and for other things that were accidentally left at home. Do not forget sunscreen because at the resort it is $25 US. There were plenty of things to do extracurricularly for younger and even older people from basketball, mini-golf, archery and sailing etc. The food was excellent, with lots to choose from for every type of eater meat to veggie. Overall this resort was an amazing place to stay, and it is one of those places were we would choose to go again if the oppurtunity arose. Amazing people and I would reccommend it to families adn couples. It suites everyone's vacation desires.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not good for Americans I will never book thru Apple Vacation.we were suppose to leave on President day, however, because of the snow we were stuck. Eventhogh Alvaro and Ruth, apple representatives at the hotel, knew that we won't depart that day, they kept us checking with them every 45 minutes.When we finally learned that we were stuck, we were trying to book our room for another night, however, we were told that by hotel manager that no rooms were available. Our rooms were suppose to be given to another group of apple vacation travelers, however, that group was stuck in New York. The only reasonable explanation for unavailability of rooms is that Fiesta Bavaro Hotel was overbooked. We were told that Europeans were given priority with rooms because Americans only give them 3% of their business.Eventually, we got a room late in the evening. When we woke up next morning, we spend an hour cleaning our luggage of small ants. Of course, we were charged an outrageous rate for this room.Overall, it's trully 4 star resort with a wondeful beach and so-so food. There are no freshly squeezed juices, not a lot of variety of food. The resort advertises 3 restaurant, however, you need to get to the lobby by 9AM to book two of them and by 7AM to book the other. This hotel has a nice pool area, however, during a peak season, you can't find a place to sit if you don't drop your towel there by 8:30AM. The property is very green. There are a lot of maps to indicate your location. It's hard to get lost there. You can play a lot of sports. SNORKELING IS NOT PROVIDED THRU RESORT., you have to use 3rd party vendor. We were staying at a villa, and our room was very spacious. However, since resort is very large, it depends on your luck if you get a villa in a good location. Our rooms were cleaned daily. I was promptly provided with a spray against there small ants.If you are an American, I strongly discourage you to go to this resort. Fiesta Bavaro resort would be acceptable for the price we paid, however, no bargain worth sacrifising your dignity. I won't go there to be treated as 2nd class person, just because Europeans bring them majority of business.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Restful,beautiful resort   showReview(861694, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>what a way to relax   showReview(860997, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall a wonderful stay!   showReview(860823, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>best vacation ever   showReview(860336, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a Great Time, 2/7-2/14   showReview(859779, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jandm9002
<Content>Great holiday   showReview(850346, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible. It was a trip to h*ll   showReview(837632, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Beach!!!   showReview(835777, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Going Back for the 4th year!   showReview(835288, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>AWESOME - Fiesta Bavaro   showReview(825465, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 17, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>erbr
<Content>Ne m茅rit茅 ABSOLUMENT PAS 5 茅toiles !!!!!   showReview(23345517, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>3	3	1	4	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>Yaiza_11
<Content>Maravillso!!! Precioso todo!!!       Imagen de la playa despues de una gran lluvia de 2min  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DzeeeeeRock
<Content>Comme premier voyage , on ne pourrais demander mieux!!!       chambre, suite junior  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>laetitiaboom
<Content>Bof bof bof   showReview(23047767, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>alfredo82
<Content>un paraiso   showReview(22983496, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>maille
<Content>tres ordinaire   showReview(22720832, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	2	4	1	1	1	

<Author>omaitaseso
<Content>volvere       el paraiso  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>mgmlionQuebec
<Content>Superbe   showReview(22520518, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>AnaMadrid22
<Content>Esta habitacion en una ruina   showReview(22297940, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	3	2	1	4	2	

<Author>titedo
<Content>Le plus beau voyage       Sur le site du Grand Palladium section Bavaro  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Nicole1448
<Content>H么tel extraordinaire   showReview(22095153, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	2	

<Author>EloracLaval
<Content>Alex Clo茅 Carole et Richard   showReview(21915723, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>margabarcelona
<Content>Fue todo de maravilla!       maravillosa playa  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>marcoNamur
<Content>Tjs 10/10       oui  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ianke
<Content>Impresionante       piscina  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>marianomedina
<Content>Ni lo dudes   showReview(20339549, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>mallorquina81
<Content>Fui el a帽o pasado y repito este a帽o!!!! Pero con diferentes fechas...       Como ya dije la comida buenisima! Y la presentacion ni te cuento...  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Amanda014
<Content>Impresionante........       Un poquito de windsurf antes de comer  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VITORIA74
<Content>El para铆so       Atardecer  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>piripiri83
<Content>Nie wieder!   showReview(19793905, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	5	3	1	1	2	

<Author>CHUSVIGO
<Content>Vacaciones para descansar   showReview(19391429, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>megane01
<Content>Vacances de r锚ve   showReview(19109704, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Skipperrk
<Content>Gutes Hotel wenn man einiges vorher wei脽!   showReview(19084325, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>patriGalicia
<Content>vacaciones perfectas   showReview(18101179, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Santorini69
<Content>En lineas generales Bien   showReview(17778119, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>fafletes
<Content>a ne plus faire   showReview(17536108, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kiweh
<Content>Vraiment bien !   showReview(17214655, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Asturiesyeyeye
<Content>Un hotel con mucho encanto       El ba帽o  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	4	2	

<Author>sexto
<Content>Isla Saona? Puaj!!!!   showReview(16485360, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Anlys
<Content>El Hotel esta de "Lujo"   showReview(15749221, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dani_Spain
<Content>Me defraud贸   showReview(15741605, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>jlcea
<Content>Relax absoluto   showReview(15725259, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Vitol
<Content>Geniaaal!!   showReview(15470325, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	-1	5	5	4	

<Author>yoneidy
<Content>un lindo lugar   showReview(14351329, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Maniel
<Content>Un paradis sur terre   showReview(13716620, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cafred
<Content>excellent hotel, je le recommande   showReview(13401477, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Argoba
<Content>Gran valor humano   showReview(13013912, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>laguns97
<Content>Ma 3i猫me pr茅sence sur ce complexe et toujours satisfait   showReview(12849282, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>montvaloise
<Content>Bon rapport qualit茅/prix       suite junior Grand Palladium Bavaro  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	2	

<Author>mda3963
<Content>Beau cadre   showReview(12437230, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>elodieQuebec
<Content>belle hotel de grande classe   showReview(12406528, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mallorquin
<Content>Pudo ser genial   showReview(11269216, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tammy64
<Content>>Tr猫s propre   showReview(11205688, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>TATYBARCELONA
<Content>en dos palabras 隆QUE PASADA!   showReview(11030398, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>taxto
<Content>Solo nos queda un m茅s para volver al Paraiso   showReview(10594427, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bartolin2
<Content>Geniaaaaalll       bar lobbi en la recepcion  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>monica_karri
<Content>Im- Prezionante, en dos palabras!       En Isla Saona, precioso  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>CelineMadrid
<Content>Un Paraiso       Playa  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MurciaGuapa
<Content>El paraiso   showReview(10062351, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Riverword
<Content>Maravillosa estancia. L谩stima de habitaci贸n       Viva M茅jico  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	1	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>mamorami80
<Content>Robo       Uana Maria guapa  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	2	3	3	

<Author>sisina05
<Content>Un verdadero paraiso       Casita Hotel  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>march6680
<Content>Superbes vacances dans un coin de paradis       Lever de soleil  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>JACQUES-H
<Content>Le meilleur   showReview(8445958, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>praonando
<Content>cargar pilas       isla saona es de postal  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	3	5	3	

<Author>HERMANASALOME
<Content>Una maravilla dentro del para铆so   showReview(8272955, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cyrusrey
<Content>El complejo es una pasada inolvidable   showReview(8243711, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>valeriapeq
<Content>Ay mam谩! Y la toalla de Fernando? :)   showReview(8241977, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>diegomar
<Content>Un para铆so   showReview(8241356, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Juivos
<Content>Viva Mamajuana   showReview(8231493, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>COCOLOCOHUELVA
<Content>El paraiso       Un billar en el Sport Bar  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tonyEspa_ol
<Content>Te olvidas de tu vida en espa帽a   showReview(8025169, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>LUNILEGO
<Content>una semana en el paraiso   showReview(8004248, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DerDEnker
<Content>Einfach genial, sehr zu empfehlen       Rezeption mit echten Flamingos  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>pepetdf
<Content>Vacaciones Perfectas   showReview(7752316, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>i_winnie
<Content>Grossartig!!!!   showReview(7730756, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mups
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(7670648, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel super   showReview(11403451, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tontonsebouille
<Content>un superbe sejour, magnifique hotel   showReview(7193461, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Daira
<Content>Hotel bueno, comida mala   showReview(7162165, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	2	4	1	

<Author>Samantha473
<Content>F茅茅rique....incroyable   showReview(7021356, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Jim茅nez-S谩nchez
<Content>Lugar idilico. Magnifico equipo humano   showReview(6899738, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Marie-Elaine
<Content>Excellent choix   showReview(6851983, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>naila_19
<Content>3 d铆as hace que dej茅 el para铆so...   showReview(6173798, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>pocah
<Content>voyage de noces   showReview(5835496, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exotique, suberbe, amusant!!!!   showReview(5010735, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

