<Author>Blankko
<Content>Well Located and Comfortable The very friendly and helpful reception staff provided a positive first impression of The Regent. In fact, throughout my short stay it was difficult to fault the staff all of whom seemed to go out of their way to make my stay as trouble free and enjoyable as possible.The rooms were decorated in period style and were a bit smaller than I was expecting. The bathroom in particular was a little disppointing for this standard of hotel.However, the common areas and bars were all very welcoming and comfortable. I also found the fact it was only a short walk to the famous Orchard Road shops convenient.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nomad07
<Content>Great Hotel I stayed at The Regent for F1 Grand Prix. The hotel is clean, has an amazing buffet for breakfast with a chef on standby to prepare cooked breakfasts. Breakfast caters for all tastes, Asian, Japanese, European and general Western diets. The pool is clean, with a great gym very modern and well equipped, great spa, sauna and steam room all at no additional cost. The rooms are clean, modern, plenty of room, no LCD or plasmas however and limited TV channels. The stay was pleasent, close to Orchard Road and about 10 - 15 minutes walk to train station at Orchard. Would stay again, however very expensive.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	5	4	3	5	

<Author>esfranco48k
<Content>Touch of Class and Elegance My husband and I stayed at Regent Four Seasons for about 5 days during the Telecoms Expo Event last June 2008, all hotels are fully booked that time. We are very well received by hotel staffs ,they are very accommodating,I find the hotel very unique in its architectural design,there was so much art and functionality ,and I find it still modern with a touch of class and elegance. Rooms are big with a very comfortable bed and pillows they change bed linens everyday and its very clean.The bathroom is big enough with toiletries and they have a service in the afternoon that will change your towels and clean the bathroom.When we booked we are given certain priviledges like unlimited use of internet service,and pressing of clothes.The mini bar is very well kept with ice service at least twice a day.Complimentary teas and coffees are placed in an elegant box like a treasure chest full of different varieties of teas ,coffee and sugar to suit your taste. They also give 2 bottles of water twice a day or depends on your needs.I liked the cleanliness and security of the hotel.key cards are needed to use the elevators Location is very accessible considering its near Orchard road,there is a mall walking distance from the hotel where you can dine and shop.Taxi service is not a problem ,It is walking distance to the next metro rail train station.We loved the place, satisfied with the service and we will definitely be back here.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Atong
<Content>An excellent experience Excellent stay. All hotel personnel were very helpful and rooms clean and the staff most helpful. Being on a budget found that room service was reasonable provided you kept on to the basics and the food was excellent. The concierge were most helpful in organizing local tours and reservation to restaurants could not fault them all. The only minor difficulty we experienced was on the first day as the hot water did not come out promptly but was told to let the water drip for a few minutes before the water would come out. I organized my stay via Qantas holidays and found the rates reasonable but was told as a result my frequent flyer points would be credited, so be aware.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sambakongen
<Content>Good stay at The Regent Stayed at The Regent for 7 nights mid August 2008. This was the first stay for me at The Regent and having heard and read many positive reviews, my expectations were high. It is an old hotel which the excellent staff however make up for. The gym and pool-area clearly shows the hotels age as they are much smaller than what newer hotels would have. The gym is claustrophobic small (but with good new machines) and the pool is located so no sunlight enters the area after 3 pm.At the pool chilled water in glasses and pieces of fruit is served when you come and more chilled water is readily available. If you stay the entire day you may be lucky to get a 2nd serving of fruit.The room (1039) was large with a king size bed. The bathroom's heavy use of brownish marble again showed the hotels' age in addition to there only being a tub and no shower cabin. The tub however was quite wide and the shower located so it was possible to stand upright under it.The TV and selection of channels was below par for a 5-star hotel. We only tried roomservice once (Sunday morning at 1 am). The service was very quick and quality of food very good.Considering the selection of other 5-star hotels in Singapore, I would not stay at The Regent again. The service is good, the staff are very friendly and efficient but when 5-star prices are charged, that is not enough  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>NavvyTravel
<Content>Great Family Vacation I previously wrote the review classy lady several months ago and in that review, I stated that I would bring my family in July for a one week vacation. Well, I made the trip last week with the family (wife plus 3 kids [three year old twins and seven year old daughter]) and The Regent took great care of us, from the beginning to the end. We stayed in an executive suite (which has a pull out bed in the living room and a King in the bedroom) that worked out perfectly for us. We received fresh fruit each day and turn down service at night. We started each day at the breakfast buffet beside the pool. There is a great range of food, to include a different selection of noodles each day, all your breakfast food (eggs, bacon, sausage), freshly baked bread, fruits, and an asian section with fried rice, curry, etc.During the week, the concierge helped us plan visits to the zoo, night safari, sentosa island, and Clark Quay. I would suggest having them arrange a car (40 sing per hour) to take you around town, we had them take us to Clark Quay for a river ride and then over to Raffles for lunch.They will also arrange to have a car pick you up at the airport and return (not the hotel limo but a really good service in a mercedes for 60 sing).My kids loved the pool (just refurbished) and my wife and I enjoyed the service (you get served ice water/lemon with fresh fruit and a scented cold towel). We finished off our stay at the Summer Palace restaurant and had a wonderful Chinese dinner.This is truly one of the best hotels in the world.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>scotthumphries
<Content>Perfect "cocoon" for a Singapore stopover       Standard twin room - 1043  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>RoRoBrisbane
<Content>Great stopover We arrived at the Regent around 7am on an SIA Stopover package and were immediately given a great room by the very friendly reception staff. Soaking in the traditonal bathroom, then rolling into the large bed with beautiful linen, was just what we needed after a 12-hour flight. When we had recovered enough to appreciate it the rest of the room and the view were equally good.As others have noted, the hotel foyer is an elegant and serene retreat from the bustle of Singapore. The staff are consistently friendly and attentive. I was particularly impressed by Francis at the pool who always had a glass of water and some fruit for me as soon as I arrived. A nice touch.We have stayed in many hotels in Singapore,but this has to be one of our favourites.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>2TravellersAustralia
<Content>OK but not 5 Star Decided to give the Regent a try after several stays at The Orchard where the service is starting to slip.Accommodation was in a Superior Room as I was only in Singapore for 1 night whilst in transit.The entry foyer (and the hotel in general) is certainly impressive, although I'm at a loss to understand why there are so many hotel staff simply standing around. Perhaps they were on a break ?In any case, check-in was straight forward and I was directed to the elevators with instructions on how to find my room.The room was clean  presentable and sufficient for my requirements, but it is showing its age by virtue of the decor  fittings etc.The bathroom was very small but large enough for 1 person.Hotel location is very good at the 'top' end of Orchard Rd.Overall, I was not disappointed in The Regent with a room tariff of SIN$290 ++ per night, but the hotel is not a 5 Star hotel.If you make a booking with a 5 Star expectation, then I think you'll be a little disappointed.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Jannecy
<Content>CLASSY AND FRIENDLY       my spacious superior room  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Gardengirlhotel
<Content>Just Good The Hotel has a nice quiet location just off Orchard Road, which gives it a relaxed quality. Staff is friendly and helpful, although housekeeping staff could not speak any english.Breakfast buffet was a joke, crammed into there tiny lounge. Omelet Chef was wiping pans with dirty cloth, very shocking.  There is no all day restaurant as there is refurbishment on going. Most disappointing of the stay was food quality. But good value for money, hotel is a bit tired needs an uplift or facelift, cannot rely only on Four Seasons name to bring in customers....Thanks  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>P&SSmith
<Content>Fantastic rooms and service       Main entrance  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NZMike57
<Content>As good as it gets Stayed as part of a SIA stop-over package on way to Europe in April, and on return in May. This is an excelent hotel, right from first impression. The service is exceptional, without being forced and over the top. The pool was out on way over but we were told we were free to use the pool at Traders next door. It was available on the way back, and we had a swim in a thunderstorm and it was clear the staff were monitoring to make sure all was ok. Everything about the hotel is excellent, . It is located close to Orchard road, taxis were there in minutes, the food was really good but best of all was that staff always went the extra mile.it is the perfect place to go to after a long haul flight. Nothing is a problem  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>snwong48
<Content>Tired but fantastic staff The hotel is located located at the fringe of Orchard Road and is a good 15 minute walk to Ngee Ann City. Now, because it's not that near to the main shopping area, the hotel manages to retain a certain quiet and peaceful charm. In a nutshell:The GOOD1. The staff are excellent - we did not have a single bad, rude or surly encounter with any of the staff. They were all pleasant, helpful and had a sense of humour which we enjoyed.I would say that the training must be top notch because their service is about the best I have experienced.2. Public areas - discreet, charming and very classyThe Bad1. Rooms are tired- Its really time for a refurbishment. You can tell the age of the hotel by the room and lets just say, the hotel is not young. I like the antique looking furniture but the rooms are very tired looking2. The gym - to tiny with not enough space between the machines3. Breakfast - little variety and food was very so-so. I would go back to stay in a heartbeat if they refurbished the hotel as the service as fantastic.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kkeating
<Content>Stopover at the Regent       The shower in the bathroom  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WaldoFrankfurt
<Content>Wonderful staff but a little tired looking We have just returned from a 2 night stopover at the Regent en route from Australia. The staff and service at the Regent cannot be faulted, but we were disappointed to hear upon our arrival that the pool was closed for renovations. Not the best news for our daughters, who were eager to swim after the flight! The hotel has arranged for guests to use the pool at the hotel next door, but whilst better than nothing, this was not terribly convenient. The hotel offers a quiet refuge just off busy Orchard Rd, but is showing its age and looks like it needs a rehaul.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JenniferEssex
<Content>Wonderful My husband and I stayed at the Regent for a four night stopover on our way home from a holiday in Australia. From the moment we alighted our stopover shuttle bus we were welcomed with smiling staff. Our room was beautiful with the largest most comfortable king size bed we have slept in. The room service was fantastic with lovely clean crisp bed linen changed daily, plus refreshing the room twice daily. The staff were exeptional with their helpfulness and smiles at all times. The hotel was a short walk from Orchard Road which suited us perfectly. We enjoyed the peace and quiet on our return each evening to the hotel, but the convenience each day of being close to all the great shops etc. We are hoping to visit our relatives again next year and we will not consider staying anywhere other that the Regent for our stopover in Singapore on our way home.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Pistiagon
<Content>A lovely hotel We stayed at The Regent on a two-day stopover on the way to Australia, and it was all we hoped for (and more) after the long flight from Paris. We were made very welcome and shown to our lovely cool room, all very clean and comfortable. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly and our breakfasts there were exceptional. The hotel is situated in a quiet part of the city, yet very handy for the shops at Orchard Road and the Singapore Stopover hop-on, hop-off bus. We were a bit disappointed that the pool was being renovated, but we were able to use the one at The Traders Hotel next door. When we arrived the Singapore Stopover coach dropped us off at the side door, which meant that there was nobody there to give us immediate help with our luggage - but after I mentioned this on the questionnaire before we left I received a letter from The Regent apologising for this and promising that the matter had been addressed. What service!Unfortunately we had booked a different hotel for the return stopover - very much regretted, as it was far from the standard of The Regent.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mebaka
<Content>Excellent The hotel itself was beautiful. The room was very comfortable and well-appointed. Bed and sheets especially were nice. Breakfast was fine. Staff were also very good. The location is a bit away from the main action however (but quiet). Other than that, staying there was a super experience.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vickiPerth
<Content>Don't miss this experience We arrived in Singapore to stay at The Regent on the start of our Australian visit for a four night stopover enroute. It was a wonderful haven of peace and tranquility after a long journey from Scotland. Thankfully, after eating a great meal in one of the hotel's restaurants we slipped between crisp cotton sheets and with the hum of the airconditioner slept a deep and refreshing sleep in an incredibly comfortable double room. We were just coming in from China Town the next evening when we got a call to say my husband's mother had just died in South Africa. My husband decided to go immediately to South Africa and we decided that I would travel to Perth, Australia as previously planned. The hotel management could not do enough for us - they gave us free internet access, sent up endless trays of coffee, tea and chocolates etc, sent faxes and generally looked after us. When my husband left they took it upon themselves to look out for me too and I got wonderful, warm and compassionate treatment from not just the management but from every member of staff I came into contact with. All in the beautiful setting of the Regent hotel. I have to say they went way over their normal duty of care for their clients and we appreciated every single thing they did for us. On our return from Australia a month later we had booked to stay with them again, and found the same warmth and hospitality that we had previously experienced. The rooms are divine - cool, calming and comfortable with cable TV, lovely bathrooms and a well stocked mini bar. Each night when we were out, our rooms were freshened up, and we came back to, once more, order, calm and comfort! The hotel is immaculate with fabulous bars and restaurants and if you want to spoil yourself at a comparatively small cost, try the wonderful hotel buffet which is on every night - we couldn't fault it. The pool area is being renovated but you would not have even known that and they had reciprocal agreements with the Trader hotel next door if you needed it. The location is great, just on the corner of the famous Orchard road, two minutes from the Tanglin shopping mall where you can eat if you choose or shop, and a couple of minutes from the Singapore Airlines hop on/hop off bus stop (look up Singapore Airlines website for this great facility). Failing that, the doors were always opened by smiling, gracious staff and a taxi hailed right to your feet by obliging doormen. The Concierge facility at the hotel is great - they can answer anything!So, as you can gather, we loved The Regent and feel you could not go wrong with this choice - everything about the hotel is designed to pamper the client and they do it so well.Special thanks go to all the staff there but especially to Roslee Ashari, Assistant Front Office Manager, the lovely Afiza, Duty Manager and Jayabalan at the Tea Room restuarant, we won't forget your kindness.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LostAussie18
<Content>Grand Old Lady This hotel may have been around for a number of years, but it still has the feel of luxury you would expect from a Four Seasons hotel. The smiles were genuine and nothing was too much trouble for the staff. It is just the right size and the lovely atrium makes the whole building, bright and airy. Its the only place in the world where we have had staff wave at us as we went past in the glass elevator. The room was in excellent condition and a good size. The bathroom was fine, but as others have noted, not quiet as fancy or large as you now get in a 5 star hotel. The buffet breakfast was excellent and we found the Summer Palace chinese restaurant to also be excellent. The hotel is well located just a couple of blocks from Orchard Rd, but nice and quiet. We will definitely stay here again anytime we are in Singapore.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Fartown
<Content>Service with 'A SMILE' !!!! Recently we were very lucky to stay at the Regent Hotel in Singapore, it was my first time but my wife and friends stayed there in 2006. The quality and service remain as good as ever, also the Regent Club was again excellent and the staff so friendly. Hope to be staying here again before the end of the year.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>BestOfBreed
<Content>Marvellous time! We stayed here for the second week in Singapore. From the moment our family of four stepped inside this beautiful hotel we felt very well taken care of... All of the staff were wonderful. Especially the pool service was terrific! We got complimentary watermelon and cold towels while sun bathing. Would definately go back this second!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>pitttrader1988
<Content>It's in a good location for Orchard Road I stayed at the Regent for business in 2006, and it was great for that. However, all I did was sleep and shower there.With teens it was an okay hotel. I had a lot of trouble with the internet here. I don't know if it was a hotel firewall, or the Singapore government, but it was tremendously difficult to access basic sites on the web (like Yahoo). My kids showed me a firewall work around that worked for awhile. Breakfast at Capers is good, but expensive. You can take a very short walk to a mall and get a cheap good breakfast as well. The beds could use some upgrading. The mattresses are pretty hard. They could also use better television channel selection.The staff is friendly, but the concierge doesn't really have a good grasp of what a concierge is supposed to do. Otherwise, service is good. My friends in Singapore say you can have a good stay or a bad stay. If you want a guaranteed good stay, pay a LOT more and stay at the Four Seasons or Ritz. Cabs are very cheap in Singapore-so even if you want to go to Clarke Quay or Boat Quay, you can get there cheaply and quickly.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fco
<Content>Very Good Second time we have stayed. Last time 2 years ago when we thought it very dated, this time for 3 nights over New Year in a Regency Club room. Value pretty good through a corporate rate. Furnishings are fresher and room (11th floor) of average size and smallish bathroom. Shower is in the bath and a bit of a danger for the not so nimble as no hand rail or non slip surface. Can breakfast in Club or Capers, we used both; plus free happy hour drinks 5-8, and a great plus of free pressing of clothes; as well as free access to internet. Staff service was exemplary at every level. Breakfast more than adequate in Capers (used only once) - Western, indian, Japanese, Chinese, although service chaotic and slow to refill a number of dishes but could have been a hang over of festivities. Breakfast in Club more leisurely and unrushed although selection more limited but offer of more variety re Japanese etc on a menu (no extra cost). We attended the New Year's Eve function in the bar - good music, tapas food and free bar for a reasonable S$95++. Location is a 10 minute walk to nearest MTR at Orchard Rd but a bus stop outside hotel and 1 minute from many other bus routes. Taxi prices recently increased but still very modest to get around town. Overall nice ambiance but still has a slightly dated feel but with great staff who genuinely make you feel welcome. Didn't try any other in-house restaurants. Pool (outside Capers) looked welcoming if rather small.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>freebiestuff
<Content>Great hotel, fantastic staff. We've stayed at the Regent several times using the Singapore Stopover service (3-5 nights each time) and would definitely stay again.The food in Capers is excellent, the breakfast buffet has the biggest selection of European and Asian food I've ever seen in a hotel and will set you up for the day. The evening meals are of equally good quality and the waiting staff are very friendly and appear to be very happy to explain or advise on the dishes.Personally I like the attention that the room staff give you, others seem to think that it's an imposition for the staff to come in and clean your room, change the pillows (day/night,) fold your clothes, replace your ice etc. I admit I was a bit surprised at first, but soon got used to the fact that if I turned my back for a minute, someone would sneak in and tidy up, honestly though, press do not disturb and they don't, leave it like that for a few hours and reception will phone to check you're OK, the service is that good.The pool is first class, gym is good enough and again there are staff on hand just waiting for your towel to look a bit damp so that they can change it.There seems to be a lot of high end business clients using this hotel, as well as some very wealthy looking wedding parties, good indicators of quality.Well worth the money, we'll definitely be back.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mdore1
<Content>The Best! I decompressed at the Regent after a dive trip to Indonesia. The travel agent had booked us into The York. After one night in that abomination, we left and checked ourselves into the Regent. The best part of the Regent is the staff. They could not be more helpful, friendly, and accommodating.For example, our room wasn't ready when we checked in (not their fault, we arrived early in the morning), so we went into the dining area for breakfast. When the waitress gave us the check I told her we didn't have a room assigned yet so I couldn't make a room charge. The waitress repied, Would you like me to check and see if your room is ready? Why, yes, please! I'm sorry, it's not ready yet...would you like me to show you where the business center is located? The waiting area?Stunning. The wait staff is creative and empowered. Overall, I noticed more business travelers than tourists. That's fine with me, they can stay at the York or the Marriott along Orchard Road. The room was a bit small but Four Seasons quality. Great cigar shop, live music lounge, offers incredible shopping just blocks away, good central location. I thoroughly enjoyed every minute of my stay at the Regent. It offers small-hotel quality service and terrific I can't wait to return in 2008.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Kiwi_Chris
<Content>Pleasant Stop Over Stayed in the Regent Singapore on the 9th November with my wife and 20 month old son, after an 11 hour trip from New Zealand, as a break before heading to Indonesia to visit family, the next day. Following the advice of this web site, I booked the 鈥楪ift Of Time - Four Seasons鈥?executive suite deal through the hotel web site. The suite gave enough room for my son to run around and play in and made it easier for friends to visit. The bathroom was perfectly reasonable in my opinion. I鈥檝e stayed in hotels with much smaller bathrooms. and my wife appreciated the L鈥橭ccitane toiletries. Breakfast as others have mentioned, was pleasant, though it took some hunting to find everything we wanted, as different dishes are in different parts of the room. The Regent also has a very nice looking patisserie, and while we couldn鈥檛 actually fit in any more food after the breakfast, the coffee we purchased there was delicious. Like the previous writer, housekeeping came to clean our room before we were ready 鈥?possibly we鈥檇 forgotten to put out the sign indicating the room was still occupied. However for us this was a pleasant experience as the cleaner was friendly and polite, duly admiring of our son and understanding of the toys strewn around the place which we hurriedly picked up.The Regent is located near the Botanical Gardens, which hopefully when we go again we may have a chance to visit, and also proved close to friends鈥?apartments, so for us the location was great.Given the amount of luggage we had plus an infant, we booked a maxicab (minibus) at the airport, viewing it as the easiest way of getting to the hotel. Likewise we arranged though the concierge for a maxicab to take us back to the airport for the same rate. If instead of paying directly for the maxicab, we鈥檇 charged it to our room, the concierge told us there would have been a $10 additional charge. Generally a very enjoyable experience. Next time we鈥檒l probably stay longer.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jade97
<Content>Excellent hotel. Some minor issues with service.       Suite room - lounge area  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>youngaussie
<Content>Very nice 70s style opulence Stayed here for a conference. Despite this being a Four Seasons property, it is certainly not of the usual 5 stars Four Seasons standard. Got a standard room on the 7th floor and it has a very Westin feel to it. The hotel is very obviously somewhat dated, but the staff do a good job with upkeep and maintaing the luxury feeling somewhat.Bathroom was quite sufficient, but mostly spartan in terms of the bath products provided. The room is basic 90s style with old style hotel phone, but at least the room came with high speed internet and an ethernet plug for the laptop. TV channels weren't bad, but the TV was quite small.The free breakfast provided downstairs at Capers was great. Very international breakfast with typical eggs, pastries, and continental choices, but also dim sum/dumplings and other Asian and Indian selections. It was a huge feast.,The conference facilities were actually top notch with plenty of high class and roomy meeting spaces on numerous floors. Although the hotel layout is quite awkward, the terraced layout makes for a very large feeling hotel and it seems there's lots of explore. The hotel also abounds with choices for restaurants and you can see the nice pool from the Capers restaurant dining area (maybe a little weird for swimmers).The level of service here is just okay. I was constantly interrupted by house keeping throughout the day and wish their service was a little more discreet in timing/presence. They had over 8 check-in staff at the counter, but none of them offered to show me to m room. The check-in lady also did not point out where the elevators were and assumed I had known. The bell boy was very efficient however and my suitcases came up to my room in less than 10 minutes. The conference sevice staff were very efficient and friendly. Although at times some of them seem very young and new to the job.Finally, location is quite good. At the very end off the Orchard Road area. The new St. Regis is finishing up right across the street. I think you should stay at other hotels further down. Regent is about a 10 minute walk to the main bustling shoppping area of Orchard Road and there is certainly where Hilton, Marriott, and Hyatt beat them out. So, this isn't exactly a real Four Seasons, but it is still quite nice and a classic luxury hotel.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	2	4	4	

<Author>nooshie
<Content>Great Hotel We found this hotel throught the Singapore Stopover, which has a great selection and good prices. The Regent was well reviewed on Trip Advisor and was reputed to be more spacious than other hotels of its class. This was certainly true. Excellent bathroom. Good size room with lounge area. Good solid hotel with no noise from other rooms. Beautiful public spaces. Nice pool. Very close to shopping and botanical gardens. We have a 15 month old toddler so plenty of room for him to spread out those toys! Food excellent. Reasonable prices, recommend the buffet lunch in the cafe. Service attentive and friendly. One complaint.... Washing service ludicrously expensive.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>allgenre
<Content>Mature opulence The original Four Seasons Hotel in Singapore. Extremely convenient for the Orchard Area without actually being amoungst that hussle and bussle. Not sure, but most probably 25 years old now, but has matured gracefully. Excellent staff, excellent facilities and the rooms are absolutely 5 star. Quality staff who are more than efficient without being intrusive. I normally stay at the Fullerton but they are pricing themselves out of the market and the level of service is going down. Whether on holiday or business, try The Regent you will be pleasantly surprised and if you book along with your Singapore Airways flight it is excellent value of aroun 拢75/pmt  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	4	4	

<Author>JTS-7
<Content>Great Hotel Have just returned from a 7 day stay at the Regent and can endorse the positive comments made in earlier reviews. Will definitely stay again when visiting in 2008.There is some construction ongoing opposite the hotel but this was not a problem.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BiggieShorty
<Content>Grand in every sense of the word! Me and my 2 kids aged 14 and 17 stayed at The Regent for 3 nights and had a wonderful time. All personell is ever so helpful and friendly. During our last night I got quite sick and the manager on duty arranged for a late check out so I had time to recuperate. But even with the late check out we still needed to wait a couple of hours before we could head to the airport so we went to the pool where the poolboy built me a very comfortable bed to lie on. Next time I will definitely stay at The Regent again: location is quite but within 5 minutes you're in ever bustling Orchard Road, people at reception and the pool couldn't be more helpful, attentive and friendly, the room was very tastefully decorated and a good size and the atrium is beautiful.Shop around on the internet for bargains, we booked through alpharooms.com and paid less than I would have for a 3 star hotel through expedia or hotels.com.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bewarm
<Content>The Regent--a wonderful Hotel We have stayed in this hotel 2 different times and areplanning to stay thereagain in January of 08. The rooms are lovely, the staff friendly and cooperative (they know your name every time that you return) and it is conveniently located. It is a Four Seasons quality hotel without the attitude.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Inga_MK
<Content>Elegant Relaxatin I stayed at the Regent for 5 nights in mid July.The guest rooms were spacious. My room was off one of the side corridors from the Atrium, and was very quiet (apart from my neighbours having a shower at 1am!).The breakfast buffet is amazing - everything from English fried breakfast to porridge, pastries, cold meats, pancakes, japanese miso soup, rice  pickes, local delicacies and even just cereal if that's what you want.The staff are all very polite and courteous and nothing is a problem for them to sort out.There is a wireless network which works throughout the hotel.The Bar is great, and served better Singapore Slings than Raffles. Also has a huge selection of Whisky.Location is brilliant - close to Tanglin Mall, and Orchard Road.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ttraveler401
<Content>Excellent hotel for the price I stayed in the Regent for four nights while on U.S. government business and was given a corporate rate below my maximum per diem by calling the Regent Hotels toll-free reservations number.Bottom line: it was an excellent choice. The rooms and beds were large and quiet. The opulent lobby opens to four glass elevators that run up the center of the atrium to the top floor. The location was good: about a five minute walk to Orchard Road and about 10 minutes to the Botanical Gardens, which are beautiful. (The Orchid Gardens are a must-see.) A few Singapore notes:- Don't bother renting a car. Taxis are dirt cheap, with a ride from one side of the island to the other being less than $10 U.S. The subways are also incredibly clean and well-marked.- the national language for business is English and all signs are in English.- Singapore is probably the safest metropolitan area that you will visit in your lifetime, day or night.- the only negative experience: getting a Singapore Sling at Raffles is a waste of money and time. At more than $30 U.S. for a single drink, there are much better ways to spend your money.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Ozm
<Content>Always love the regent, especially when in a suite I love the Regent. The staff are so nice, the breakfast is amazing and the location isnt bad either.This is one of my husbands favourite hotels - he travels alot for business and raves every time he stays here. Occasionally I get to go along with the kids and I have to agree.Great service, the rooms are lovely, suites are better and the pool is good. The one bugbear I have is the room service food isn't as good as it could be. In a perfect world it would be a little closer to Orchard Road too, but taxi's are so cheap anyway in Singapore.It is expensive though!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Member403604
<Content>Exceptionally Good Stayed here for two nights in May 2007.As many reviewers have said, the Regent is a Four Seasons hotel, and it is possibly the best five star hotel I've stayed in. This is all the more amazing when a quick web search finds a price that would usually stretch to only three stars. Staff were genuinely friendly and very efficient - the doorman asked my name as I got out of the limo, and he then took me to the front desk and introduced me to the clerk, who quickly processed everything and then showed me personally to and around the room. My bags arrived shortly afterwards, and again the bellboy was genuinely keen to make sure that I could see where everything was and that I had all I needed. All staff then greeted me by name throughout my stay. (How did they know?)Quality of the room was exceptionally high and the bed extremely comfortable.It's probably ten minutes' walk from Orchard Rd proper, which you should bear in mind if you want to make use of Singapore's amazing Metro system, although there may well be buses passing by. But the short distance translates into a much quieter and restful location.Didn't make use of any facilities - bar the breakfast - as my stay in Singapore was so short. Breakfast was marred for me by a very loud tape of awful saxophone 'easy listening' music, but that's my only complaint.The hotel lobby reaches to the top floor - twelve storeys. My room was on the top floor and the walk across the bridge from the lifts was vertigo-inducing the first couple of times I crossed it. However, the first time, the front desk clerk immediately offered me a room on the lower floor. If you feel this might be a problem for you, you should request a room on a lower floor. Lastly the Ziggurat design of the hotel means that the bigger rooms have a large terrace. So that might be a reason to upgrade, though I didn't see those rooms. Overall, a really exceptional hotel.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jeremyecu
<Content>Great hotel I had an excellent stay at the Regent. The room / bathroom itself was fine, no complaints. The bed was comfortable and room was good size. Servce at the hotel was outstanding. No matter were you were, it seemed that someone was always there asking you if you needed help with something and always with a smile. The business center was great, although internet was expensive. The same goes for the buffet restuarant. The food and service were great, just expensive. The breakfast buffet was also great.The location was great too, especially for shoppers. One could easily make a short walk to the main shopping drag. For other locations, taking a taxi or the subway is simple. I stayed for 3 nights and went on several Singapore city tours with Tour East.  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>TXExpat
<Content>Wonderful service I stayed at the Regent Singapore for one night during a recent business trip. From the time I checked in to the time I checked out, the service was impeccable. The rooms were very nicely furnished and very clean. But to me, what sets a nice four star hotel apart from a great five star hotel is the service, and it's quite good at the Regent. I would highly recommend this hotel; it's first-rate.  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>vaxx
<Content>good experience, above average gym service is really great, as other people have mentioned there is a real warmth and friendliness from all the staff. i had a few problems with my door key and there was always someone to come up and sort it out. only other downside is that there is no toothbrush/toothpaste provided in bathroom.the pool is small, and i mean its not big enough to even do a lap. the surroundings at the pool area are also a bit bland - its stuck in an awkward gap between two buildings with a third looking down opposite. however the service at poolside is wonderful, towels and iced water are provided complimentarily.the gym is accessible 24 hours with your room key. there are about 8 running machines/exercise bikes, plus shoulder press, lateral pull down and chest press machines, a smith machine and an abs sit up bench. Theres a rack of free weights with the heaviest being aroun 55 pounds.the gym is surprisingly well used. both times i was there, there were at least 5 other people exercising so it can get a bit cramped. it is located indoors with no windows so feels a bit like exercising in a box however ventilation is good. theres a nice little area to sit down and recover or wait for friends and you can help yourself to fruit, tea and drinks.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>TitanicSnowdonia
<Content>Eye Opening Quite simply the best service I've ever experienced. Other hotels may have a better pool or better equiped gym but none have ever made me feel like such an honoured guest. The attention to detail is astonishing, even down to a waitress in the bar securing an English paper for me, without my asking, while I waited on my own, for my table at dinner. Nothing is too much trouble for any of the staff.The hotel is beautifully appointed and well situated.I would love to see more English hotels run this way.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Speges
<Content>Great place to stop-over.       Orchid Garden in the Botanical Gardens  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chiliyo
<Content>Great place to stay in Singapore ! Great place to stay in Singapore ! Within a walking distance of Orchard Road. Charlene was the best hostess at any hotel I've stayed in Asia. She always had my favourite Tom Collins ready when she saw me coming into the lounge. Singapore is a great place to visit ! I cannot fault this hotel on anything. I would recommend it to anybody going to Singapore... very affordable prices too.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>6andy6
<Content>Four Seasons service at Holiday Inn prices       Lobby  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>teddytrails
<Content>suite dreams at the regent This was the best, from the reception staff greeting us on the steps of the hotel to check in in our suite. The suite deal included full club facilities which included free drinks from 5.30 until 8pm (a great saving in Singapore) plus evening canapes (such a great spread that going out for dinner afterwards seemed a trifle excessive) plus a full breakfast buffet in the club each morning. Our suite was great and we were welcomed with a chinese tea basket and fresh fruit. We even had two bathrooms. Our flight from Singapore was at midnight and checkout was at 1.30pm however, we were able to use the drinks and canapes facility in the club from 5.30 until we left for the airport at 8.00pm. I cannot praise this hotel enough.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>UKStraveller
<Content>A quieter (nicer) hotel but close to Orchid We stayed at this hotel for a number of weeks over the past few months and happy to be returning tomorrow. This should say something. Very friendly staff who have knack of remembering your name and your preferences. The Club on 11 is OK though a little crowded sometimes, but if you dont want to eat a load is a great way of filling up both with a selection of small foods and drink - think its free till 2000 or so, then they charge. The rooms are OK, but probably need mordernising now - and there were gaps in the windows allowing noize to perculate but these were just small issues. The Buffet in Caspers is fine and should cater for International tastes. Wine can be expensive and they mark the bottles with Chinagraph which is kind of amusing - There is a couple of small expensive (my view) side restaurants doing Japenese/Chinese meals but as I paid over 200 USD for one meal by myself just went once to each. There is a pastry/coffee shop attached to the back where you can get the normal sandwiches and 800 Kcal cake fair - if not Coffee bean, Starbuckies are just 5 mins walk along a road with construction. The also a sectionalized at times high tea service with cakes and often a beautiful sounding harpist The bar is mostly smoking but you can get places where the HVAC is good and sucks it out before reaching you,; wish they would ban cigars - onetime the smell filled the whole of the place. The entertainment band (Jazzish) is fine and some good voices but they look kind of board most evenings - they start around 2100. There are a couple of shops one with Whisky and Cigars and the other is the Hotel souveniers - watch out even get close to the door and youll get sucked in by a vocal with a 20% sale finishing tonight! The gym has the normal hotel type machines and can be busy around 1800 but I still like it and does fine for me. The earphones are a little unhygenic and sweaty (ughh!) The swimming pool was quiet when I was there and although fairly small I still got the heart beat up with lengths - there is a pool side service from attentive staff. Hotel will arrange pick up. I have to say the conceirge service is excellent and go out of their way to support and find stuff for you - they even found and sent to my room a piece of 2 inch diameter pipe I needed for a project - free of charge. Love the flowers by the reception too. Taxis are difficult to get (same for the whole of Singapore) if its raining - give extra time.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>pmng
<Content>Excellent Hotel One of the best hotels I have ever stayed in, and I stay in a lot of 5 star hotels.Excellent executive suite, excellent facilities. I especially liked the bar and music.The staff were superb and very attentive.Good location, just a short walk to the central shopping area.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelBeard
<Content>The world's best Hyatt Regency To enjoy The Regent Singapore, it is best to temper your expectations. Therefore, don't think of this as the second Four Seasons managed hotel in town (The Four Seasons Singapore is a few blocks away, connected to Orchard Road through an air-conditioned passaged linked to the Singapore Hilton. . .), but rather the best Hyatt Regency in the world. If you doubt this, note that this John Portman designed hotel could easily be in downtown Atlanta, with the bubble glass elevators, corkscrew circular staircases, and ivy trellised sun dappled atrium up through the center of this concrete building. Alas, the materials are a bit better than your average garden-variety Hyatt atrium, with glowing brass, fine dark woods, and gleaming marble. Rooms and suites are quite bright, both from floor-to-ceiling windows (sliding glass doors in the suites) and yellow walls (the pink exterior doors are a bit odd for my taste). The hotel is actually is great shape, and looks as if it were renovated recently--upkeep is quite good. That said, there are numerous, surprising disappointments. I was in a one-bedroom suite, with two balconies. . .one each off the living room and the bedroom. Still, there is no patio furniture out there. . .not a chair, table, or even a stool. Bathrooms are nicely fitted with black granite and pleasant amenities, but are small for a hotel with these aspirations. . .exposed toilet, shower and tub combination, single basin, not competitive in this market (by contrast, the bathtubs at the Ritz enjoy skyline views, for example) I would think that a few bottles of water would be standard in a hotel of this caliber, but none to be found. While breakfast food is plentiful and imaginative, Capers--where buffet is served--is a disappointing room and loud! I was scolded by the hostess for arriving 15 minutes before closing--surprising to me that in a Four Seasons Hotel, I should plan to arrive at the hotel's convenience.Location is about four blocks from Orchard Road, within walking distance of the Botanic Garden..If this were a Hyatt Regency, the experience would be great. This hotel is not. I look forward to quick remedy to these issues.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Blankii
<Content>Lovely hotel but may be time for a renovation? My wife and I stayed in the Regent for a couple if nights in September last year. This was a convenient place for us to stay as my best friend鈥檚 wedding reception was being held in one of their ball rooms. My first impression of the Regent was great 鈥?we arrived in Singapore at 6:00 am and they allowed us to check-in and have breakfast that morning! In addition to this, the package I booked via the Regent website included a late check-out, so I paid for two nights, but actually stayed for three full days. Great value!The hotel itself is probably starting to show its age somewhat. The foyer area is still quite attractive, however the rooms are starting to look a little dated, especially given the Regent鈥檚 five star status. The hotel is still very well maintained and kept immaculately clean, however I think the rooms could benefit from an update. Having said that, the public areas are extremely well presented, especially the foyer, restaurants, pool area and function rooms. Location-wise, it鈥檚 a bit of a hike to get to Orchard Road, especially in the Singaporean heat, however it makes for good exercise and I really can鈥檛 complain about the location overall.In summary I鈥檇 say that whilst there are some small areas for improvement, overall this is a high quality hotel with excellent service and rooms in need of some updating.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>PDowney
<Content>The Regent Singapore: a fallen star I stayed in a Club Room at The Regent Singapore. Check-in was at the front desk whereby when I last stayed at this hotel 10 years ago, check-in was in-room. Another Club guest checking in at the same time was complaining that he was accustomed to check-in at the Club level.I was not accompanied to the room, but was given a note detailing Club benefits.On entering the ice-cold room, I found that the air-conditioning was set at 0 degrees and the windows were covered in condensation.The carpet in the room was well past its use-by date, clearly evidenced by too many shampoo treatments over the years.The room was gloomy, with the exception of one orchid plant working overtime to breathe life into an otherwise soulless room.The soft furnishings were also well worn and the bathroom wasn't much better, with a shower above the bath and a low-cost shower curtain.The hand basin had, at some stage, suffered porcelain damage and had subsequently been repaired in a DIY fashion by the hotel's handyman.The Club's selection of wines was below average and, when I enquired about a sparkling wine for an aperitif, I was told this was not available.The hotel boasts about its recently refurbished Club, however I found the seating worn, crammed and uncomfortable. I was discouraged from venturing onto the deck as it had rained earlier in the day and the staff must have decided it was too much trouble to wipe down the outdoor furniture.I opted to take breakfast in the restaurant, rather than the cramped confines of the Club. I found the buffet breakfast to be mediocre and service lacking.I'm delighted that I was subjected to this hotel for just one night and what a difference 10 years has made from my last most memorable experience of The Regent Singapore.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	4	2	2	1	3	

<Author>travelleraust
<Content>fabulous hotel Wow! from the moment I walked in the door I could not help be impressed by the welcoming and courteous doormen. Check in took no time and the reception was very helpful at all times of the night for whatever request. The lobby is huge and beautiful with fountains and loads of couches to relax on. Glass lifts take you to your floor. My room was a dream. Wide comfortable beds with feather pillows and cushions. A full mini bar with ice cubes and coffee tray with biscuits. The room was extremely clean and the bathroom with its marble countertops, plenty towels was great. Magazines put out by your armchair giving you good information about singapore and its shopping/wining/dining. Laundry service was superb and so quick even though I did not ask for express service. Pool was really nice although a drop small. I also had a massage and they even came to my room to give it!All day, the doormen were polite and friendly. Great variety of food for breakfast too. I upgraded to club status and had use of the club room which included free local phonecalls, free internet access, club room with free drinks and buffet, free pressing of garments and other services. It was the most wonderful pampered experience. I would definately recommend this place and stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Member1
<Content>Great Hotel for Business  The Regent Hotel is lovely, and situated only 10 mins walk from the main Orchard Drive. My husband stayed there for over one month for business and I joined him for a week on holiday. The service is excellent with all our needs met with attention to detail. We enjoyed the Club Lounge - again the service was excellent. The only negative, is that I found the pool to be a bit on the small side, however, it was never really that busy anyway! Would definatley recomment the Regent over the Traders!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WorldTraveller84
<Content>Overpriced, average hotel! Having had a fantastic stay in The Regent Kuala Lumpur the previous week, this hotel paled in comparison.Upon arrival we did not get the room we requested. Throughout the week I was not impressed with customer service and efficiency. For example, when phoning housekeeping for requests, staff were sometimes courteous, sometimes aloof! Evening room service seemed to involve variations throughout the week, sometimes receiving certain things e.g. clean towels, sometimes not.At breakfast we requested tea and water on all 6 mornings we visited. We received this request on only 1 of the 6 visits without having to ask for the drinks at least once more! Supposedly the staff simply forgot on all the 5 other days! Breakfast had a wide variety but I found factors such as few cereal varieties remaining as early as an hour before breakfast closed slightly annoying. On one occassion I also found 2 hairs in my cereal!The hotel is quite well positioned with a 5-10 min walk to the Orchard Road. However, others such as The Marriott are even better positioned right in the heart of Orchard Road.I wouldn't visit this hotel again. I believe it to be overpriced with inefficient staff service.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel at a great price       Plenty of room for roomservice  
<Date>Jun 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelator
<Content>Four seasons service for half the price Our family of four stayed there for a total of three nights. The hotel is off the top of Orchard road (7 mns walk) which is just as well as it means that the whole area is a lot quieter than some the other hotels.+ pointsGood serviceAttentive staffGreat breakfastComfortable bedsClean and friendly environmentGood jazz trio- Points The Cocktails may have been affordable but they were nonethless averageThe swimming pool a tad small with little exposure to the sunThe Regent is in my opinion a classy place which will make any stay in Singapore enjoyable without breaking the bank. One final word of advice don't go for the deluxe rooms but upgrade to the executive suite which is slightly more expensive but twice as big and comes with a balcony.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Place to Stay The Regent was wonderful - there is simply nothing negative to say! The staff is friendly and helpful, the rooms are comfortable, and the food/dining choices are plentiful. The workout facility is small but up to date with an attentive staff. Slightly removed from Orchard, it is still quite convenient to everything.  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>conedd
<Content>A Hotel Snob says OH MY GOODNESS!!!!!!! I simply can not give this hotel the rating it deserves! If you are looking for Four Seasons Service and Rooms... but cannot afford the price.... COME HERE. Singapore Regent is a Four Season's Hotel... But the cost is a little easier to swallow. I stayed at Regents Singapore this weekend... and have a reservation for Four Season's next weekend... Please let them be as Fabulous as Regents Singapore..Although I did not pay for the service I received... I waaaaaaaaaaaaay more than appreciated it! THANK YOU REGENT!!!!!! Really!!!! YOU ARE QUITE INCREDIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Batlets
<Content>can't wait to go back!! What a place! what a hotel!Everything from the service of the door staff to the cleaning staff was A1 !Hubby was on a business trip for 7 days and I managed to persuade him that it would be excellent if I accompanied him! From the moment we arrived we were treated like royalty, nothing was too much trouble. Our flight had arrived at 6 am so we presumed that we would have to wait until midday to check-in - but no -after a short time sorting out the necessaries (which gave me a chance to admire the breathtaking lobby with its fountains and glass lifts) we were taken to our room which was absolutely beautiful!Stunning marbelled floors/bathroom - huge comfortable bed - large tv - tea/coffee - lovely furniture and the normal mini-bar ( as usual very expensive). I must admit that I was worried about 'being on my own' whilst hubby was at work - but you are as safe on your own in Singapore at 4am (should you want to party till then) as you are at 4pm.All the restaurants were excellent and breakfast featured a good choice of multi-national fayre.One little hiccup was the laundry service - most of my clothes came back 2 sizes too small! (but this might have had something to do with the amount I ate!) other than that everything about the 'Regent' was perfect! Shopping on Orchard Road is only 10 mins walk away or Taxis ( unbelievably cheap!) are readily available. All in all a thouroughly enjoyable stay made all the better by excellent service/food - we can't wait for the next time!!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ronfaddison
<Content>One of the Best Hotels I have Stayed at At first sight the hotel was stunning with a towering atrium and lots of tasteful decor but it got better! The standard of the service - from everyone we met - was superb. On arrival I picked up my case and was told jocularly by the bell captain that no-one carried their case in The Regent. After check in the baggage was whisked up to our room almost as quickly as we were. The receptionist accompanied us to the lift, something we seldom, if ever, experience outside Singapore. The room was large and was well appointed although the bathroom was quite small. I really liked the fact that all (or at least most) rooms opened onto balconies overlooking the atrium as I felt that this considerably enhanced security in addition to giving a nice aspect on leaving the room.  The Concierge was extremely helpful. The pool was a reasonable size and pleasant. Here also, the standard of service was immaculate. We had room service one night. We were told the food would arrive by a specific time (only a few minutes) and it did. The bar was pleasant although expensive but I am afraid that I did not like the group who were performing. The hotel is about 8-10 minutes walk from the top end of Orchard Road which means fairly easy access to the various facilities there. It is also next door to a reasonable shopping mall with a good supermarket and ATMs. Happy hour is available in nearby bars which helps reduce the ridiculous price of beer in Singapore. My only small criticism was that I found it impossible to get really hot water late in the evening. All in all we had an excellent stay and, from our experience, we would thoroughly recommend the hotel  
<Date>Jan 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>thepeacha
<Content>Best for Business, ok for travellers The hotel was nicely located, quick stroll to shopping both major and minor, yet in a quiet location. We were there just before Christmas and they were doing room renovations, as it is a business hotel and was virtually empty during our stay. In fact the room next to us was being worked on during our stay but it was no bother. We were on the top floor, which had nice views- however the ventilation/ AC at the top of the soaring lobby was poor and it felt like a sauna as we passed from the lifts to the room. The pool was lovely, and I had a terrific massge as well. Breakfast buffet was very nice. Service everywhere was fantastic, high marks for all the staff. Would probly go back if rates remained favorable, otherwise seek out a more posh resort.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jvdv
<Content>The Best Service Ever We travel frequently to places around the world and we stayed in prestigious hotels.But our 6 day stay in this hotel was our ultimate experience. The staff of the Regent was super friendly, courteous and very helpful. We needed to extend our stay in The Regent due to visa problems. They extended our booking, changed our flight tickets and changed our reservation in Bali. The service has exceeded all our expectations. The hotel itself is stunning and the rooms are beautiful. Next time we stay over in Singapore, we will go back.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TYHJ
<Content>Fantastic Stay I am a local singaporean who took the hotel's weekend package Gift of Time which costs SDG$347 (including taxes etc)for a four seasons suite with a complimentary late check-out till 6pm. For the amount paid, it is value for money. I also got the hotel to arrange a surprise for my parents which they did promptly. Tolietries were from L'Occitane which were superb and tea bags were in abundance!! Breakfast and free parking were thrown in as well!! I really enjoyed my stay at the hotel and would recommend it to locals and foreigners alike. The only down side is that the hotel is slightly backdated in terms of facilities and its location is slightly off from the main orchard belt. On the whole, it is a very warm and luxurious hotel. Also, the sofa in the living room can be converted to a queen size sofa bed (DIY), so don't waste extra money checking-in additional guests and pay for extra beds!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JWYeung
<Content>Good renovated old Regent: not so ideal location       The smallish circular pool  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>transientm
<Content>Good Location Regent Hotel in Singapore was very clean, staff everhelpful,close to shopping venues. Taxis cheap in Singapore so unless you're curious don't worry about saving money by using the Metro system. Food in this hotel just so-so. Workout facilities were nice, staff helpful. Rooms were excellent.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>_de_last_one
<Content>Charming old lady with class ...       walkway to lift lobby  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>John999
<Content>Perfect Stayed for three nights - booked through Cathay Pacific Airways directly, got a room upgrade to a Deluxe Room. Cost us around US$110 per night for a double room, including buffet breakfast and taxes.Wonderful service - greeted by name at the gym and restaurant (great buffet breakfast). Rooms were of a good size. Gym well equipped but could do with some updating of weightlifting equipment. Location great - away from the crowds of Orchard Road (only 5 min walk though) - you could take a taxi for less than US$2 down to Orchard Road. One tip : there's a shopping mall right behind the hotel, with a big supermarket, high quality imported clothing/shoes, and a good food court with authentic Singaporean dishes at very low prices! It gets filled with locals during lunch hour, so it must be quite good.I'd stay there again any day. Will be back in three months for another holiday.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>newkiwi
<Content>Fantastic Stopover We are a family of four (two children 12 and 9) and we recently had six nights at The Regent on our way to New Zealand from the UK. We booked through Singapore Airlines in the UK as part of their Stopover Holiday promotion and the rates were exceedingly good for the standard of hotel. Before we arrived we paid for an upgrade to The Regent Club which at a cost of S$60pp/nt (for the adults only) gave us upgraded rooms (very luxurious), concierge check in at the Club Lounge (excellent after a 12 hour flight from the UK), free breakfast in the Club Lounge every day, free clothes pressing (great for shirts packed in suitcases), free cocktails and hors d'ouvres from 5.00pm to 8.30pm in the Club Lounge, unlimited free internet access in the Lounge (great for the kids). The hotel arranged adjoining rooms for us and the service was absolutely exemplary, they could not do enough for us. Mostly our contact with staff was in the Club lounge but the service around the pool and in the fitness centre was also superb.One word of warning, nothing to do with the hotel but regarding Singapore Airlines Stopover Holidays. When you book through them you receive a package of vouchers entitling you to free access to various attractions. You are then contacted by their local operators the day you arrive to help arrange your itinerary. Don't do it unless you are a solo traveller. We ended up paying nearly S$500 for four supposedly free excursions, this covered coach transport and admission to a couple of minor attractions at Sentosa and the Bird Park. We later found out that taxis are very, very cheap and plentiful and nowhere is more than a S$15 taxi ride away from the centre, so by using taxis we would probably have spent less than half the amount. If there is more than one person in your party use cabs and your free vouchers, it will probably work out cheaper than the tours and you will not be tied to the tour company's itinerary. The one exception is the City Tour (which is free anyway as part of the package) which is a good orientation if you are a first time visitor.Other than that Singapore is a geat place and the Regent cannot be recommended highly enough.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>telis
<Content>impresive My wife and I stayed in this hotel during our visit to singapore, in a excecutive deluxe suite. from the moment you enter you could understand that it is a very stylish hotel.the decoration of the lobby very relaxing and elegant with 4 glass made elevators while where you were in you could see all around the inner part of the hotel.check-in was excellent very friendly and polite stuff,they couldn't though understand english very well.the suite was large with a living room and a separate bedroom, but the bathroom was a little bit small.the mates were a little bit lazy and the room wasn't cleaned very properly nor the evening turndown service was good either.the restaurants were nothing special while i had better breakfasts.the swimming pool was a disapointment, small with a lot of noise from the air-conditioning not a place to relax.the bar was beautiful club style, they were saying that they had evening live music but during our stay we were hearing music only from a cd player.check-out was good.if go back in singapore i would like to try another hotel.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good The regent hotel is very good. From the outside it does not look much but the rooms are a good size and neat. bathroom etc v. good. The only problem we had is taht if you are travelling with young children it is a bit of a walk to the rail station. For adults the distance is nothing but with kids it is a bit of a treck. In terms of position the Hilton or Marriot have the best positions on orchard rd.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jhdejong
<Content>Wonderfull hotel Excellent hotel, with a great service, staff cannot do enough to make you welcome and comfortable. Rooms are beautifull (bathroom is rather smallish but nice). Breakfast is wonderfull. Poolarea is very nice, the staff really go out of there way to make you confortable, icewater with lemon, fruit, suncream is all provide for.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PersistentCat
<Content>Excellent This is a fantastic hotel. Just amazing. The staff is overly friendly and helpful, the rooms are outstanding. They are huge and are cleaned twice a day. Every day, when coming home from work, it was always a treat to see what kind of fruit was availabe by the elevators. My only compaint would be I don't like atrium-style hotels. If your room is just off the area overlooking the lobby, it can get very noisy. As well, the restaurant is insanely EXPENSIVE. Although all restaurants in Singapore are insanely expensive. Although with the availability of local-ish cuisine (Indian, Chinese, Thai, Japanese, etc), why would you want to eat in a restaurant?A first rate hotel. It has spoiled me for all other hotels. Not just because of the rooms but for the staff. We spent two weeks there and by the end, we knew the names of the doormen and they knew us. Just excellent.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>krisBrighton_England
<Content>Great Family Hotel   showReview(3505822, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very good   showReview(3315251, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just fabulous !   showReview(3255774, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beauty and Relaxation   showReview(3222572, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's true - excellent service   showReview(3026174, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>JUST THE BEST   showReview(3017987, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>oew
<Content>good Service,old charme   showReview(2871444, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KarenB_007
<Content>Excellent hotel standards   showReview(2818407, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>belgiannomad
<Content>service, courtesy, quality and professionalism   showReview(2381350, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent service   showReview(2118352, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍊ゃ伅寮点倠銇岄潤銇嬨伀閬庛仈銇涖伨銇?#x201d;   showReview(21745162, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇婃皸銇叆銈娿伄銉涖儐銉仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19166357, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇倱銇炽倞銇椼仧銇勩仺銇嶃伀   showReview(19162462, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉兗銈搞偋銉炽儓   showReview(19158681, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈嗐仯銇熴倞瀵涖亹銇倝   showReview(19156022, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉伄鎰熸兂   showReview(19929542, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兗銉併儯銉笺儔涓績銇瓺...   showReview(19928737, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉撱兂銈裤兂宄躲伄甯般倞銇埄...   showReview(19925202, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兗銉併儯銉笺儔銉兗銉夈伨...   showReview(19920889, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兗銉併儯銉笺儔銉汇儹銉笺儔...   showReview(19917759, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

