<Author>ABLDWL
<Content>Very nice, clean hotel....I loved it! We were in town for a hospital procedure so we decided to stay here because we have always liked Hampton Inn's and it offered a free shuttle to the hospital, airport, attractions, and free breakfast. We have visited Boston six different occasions for hospital stays and have stayed at most of the hotels near the Longwood Hospital district. This was by far the BEST hotel in the Longwood Hospital district for the money. The room was very clean and spacious (we had a junior suite). The breakfast was great and saved us a bunch of money. The free cookies, hot chocolate and coffee are a nice touch to end your day. They even have a little area where you can buy soup, frozen dinners, snacks, etc. The hotel is not that close to many restaurants (there is a Dunkin Donuts, McDonalds, and a pizza place within walking distance), however, just ask the front desk for delivery menus (there are many restaurants that will deliver). We ordered some Chinese food and it was brought to our door within 15 minutes....WOW! We used the shutte serivce many times and it saved us a load of money by not having pay for a cab. Gregory and True-See are the best drivers, they will go out of their way to help you and take you were you would like to go, they were very kind. However, the other drivers are only so-so. We would highly recommend this hotel and we will stay again!Just a personal side note, if you like seafood you need to go to the Atlantic Fish Company on Boylston St, it was delcious!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DaveH-ExPat
<Content>Nice apartment suites, so-so location       Bathroom  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	-1	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>stevienixfanmike
<Content>Great Location For Those Going To Fenway Park Whenever I have tickets to see the Boston Red Sox play, I typically stay at this property. It is located just six blocks from the Orange Line, which makes it very convenient getting to and from Fenway Park. As usual, I was happy that the front desk agent recognized me and greeted me with a Welcome Back! She allowed me to check-in a couple hours early. I work the overnight shift and wanted to get some sleep before the Red Sox game. I am not a smoker, but had to book a smoking room as it was the only room type available. The front desk agent offered to send up an ionizer if the room had an unpleasant smokey odor. When I entered the room, I was pleased that I could not smell any smoke. I did not need the ionizer. The room attendant really cleaned the room well and made it fresh-smelling. As always, I was very pleased with the hotel and the people who work there. The location is ideal for people attending a baseball game or concert at Fenway Park. I highly recommend this property.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SuitcasesPacked
<Content>Like the hotel - didn't love the area The hotel was fine. Was meeting family there that had already picked that hotel. The staff were nice  they have a shuttle/van that will drop you off at different places in the city. You can walk to the T (local transit) but it is about a 20 minute walk - 1/2 of which is in a bit of rough looking area - which didn't feel very safe and was the part right around the hotel.The free shuttle guy was really nice. The one thing to keep in mind about their service is if you can fit your plans into their schedule  route along with if they will have room for you - it got busy Saturday night  the van was full to capacity.If you are driving - figuring out how to get into the parking was a bit tricky - call  get directions - don't rely on a GPS.If the hotel manager is reading this - I would suggest the hotel have a shuttle every 15 minutes to the local T stop - that would help out. And also have a shuttle to the ball games on game nights.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	3	4	3	

<Author>ddmccutch
<Content>Nice hotel in a bad part of town I guess when you look to spend less than $200 in Boston, you should expect to make some sacrifices in your accommodations. However, this hotel is very new, and is the anchor of a small shopping center near the Roxbury/Newmarket (Industrial) section of Boston. It is close to downtown, but it is still a 2 mile drive, as well as being close to the Longwood Medical area. Parking is in an adjacent garage, and costs $25 a night. I had a rental vehicle that someone attempted to break into my first night there (left paint damage/dents). The hotel is directly behind (south side) Boston Medical (city hospital), so expect sirens every several minutes all night/morning long. I was later advised by several people not to walk around the area at night, though I did with little trouble, you certainly would be best to walk in groups, and I wouldn't take children with you.The staff was adequately courteous, but the security guard inside the lobby was a little disarming. The rooms are typical of a new Hampton; clean and serving my basic needs. The breakfast is also typical Hampton, with a very large dining room area, so you shouldn't have to fight for a seat as you might at other Hampton properties.Ultimately, if you want to order food in, and are looking for a new hotel that is inexpensive, and sightseeing is not in your plans, this hotel may fit the bill. I would suggest a taxi vs. having a vehicle at this site.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	1	4	3	3	4	

<Author>ScotlandHolidaymaker
<Content>great hotel with friendly staff Great hotel - very clean with nice big comfy beds. On arrival given juice and biscuits. Complimentary breakfast included which offers excellent choice. Very nice staff.Nice restaurant within hotel Joe  Maria's offering anything from sandwiches to steaks etc. The only negative point is it is a bit far out of Boston.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	2	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BorisYeltsin
<Content>Good value, clean, relatively new, good food, but remote location. I stayed with my wife and two teenagers for 4 nights. We had a room with 2 double beds on the ninth floor across from the pool.The hotel is relatively new, located on the south west side of the city. Somewhat remote, but the hotel does provide local and airport courtesy buses, running every 1-2 hours. This more than offset the remote location. Note that the nearest subway station(Mass. Ave.) was six blocks or a 15mins. walk away. The breakfast area was always busy, and some days we had difficulty finding a table for four. However the food was excellent, particularly the fruit cocktail bowl.The bedroom was large enough for us and clean. It faced onto the back of the hotel. Note that the front faces onto to some major roads.The pool was small but open from 7am or so until 11pm, with an adjoining fitness room.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	2	4	3	3	3	

<Author>My2boys2
<Content>Great for the price This was a good hotel for the money. We were in town to go to the Childrens Hospital and it was perfect for that. They have shuttles for the hospitals, airport, and 3 other locations in the main part of the city. It was clean and well kept. The shuttle drivers were really nice and had a lot of information for any questions you have about the area. The area where the hotel is was not the best but they had a security guard inside the hotel. We made the mistake of walking to the hotel from further down Massachusets Ave. I would NOT recommend that. I would have taken a cab if we knew the area. I would suggest this hotel if you are going to the hospitals but as far as staying there and touring the city I would have chose another hotel closer to downtown. As the previous reviews stated there is a helicopter landing pad next to the hotel but where our room was we did not hear that. The worst part for us was the curtains on the windows in the room do not close so for us when the sun came up we were up too. When I booked it, it said everything was 2-3 miles away and I thought that would not be a problem. It is far from everything you want to do. If you take the shuttles there is a lot of waiting and the cabs are at least $10 each way. But the hotel is a reasonable price. You have a great breakfast in the morning with sausage, fruit, french toast sticks, eggs, muffins, bagels, and cereals. My advice is just to weigh the choices. We had a good experience at this hotel and we wanted a good price and a clean hotel to sleep at night and I think we got that.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>oneofthree
<Content>great hotel, not so great area The hotel itself is beautiful, modern, new and clean. There is a nice pool with great view on the 9th floor that looked very clean. They offer a great starter breakfast which is very convienent to travelers planning busy days. The hotel offers shuttle service to popular destinations throughout the city from 8am-11pm. The front desk was very pleasant and helpful with dinner reservations, transportation issues and anything else we needed. This is a great hotel for the money!!The down side....(there is almost always one) is the location....this hotel is near university hospital so you are likely to hear ambulances and mediflight helicopters throughout the night. I am an intensive care nurse so found it entertaining to look out the window at all hours of the night so as not to miss something but realize this may not appeal to everyone and thought it should be mentioned. The area surrounding the hotel is a little sketchy...I have been to third world countries and have been exposed to things, but was glad our walk to dinner was during daylight hours and I was with my husband. Cab fare is very reasonable and I would encourage those not familiar with the city to not waste time with the T and connecting buses but to have the desk call a cab....very easy and affordable.Over all, I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to those looking for affordable, pleasant accomodations with the above mentioned precautions...enjoy!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	4	3	3	

<Author>JakeToronto
<Content>Worst location ever Does this say it all,the only place to eat is a sub place. You have to make your order through bullet proof glass.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>1	3	3	1	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>Tripping999
<Content>Hotel area not great The hotel is not in a desirable area. Being across from a hospital, there were ambulance sirens frequently. Also, there were homeless people walking up to cars with cups in hand, asking for change. The only food places immediately across from the hotel were a Dunkin Donuts and Quizno's. The hotel room was clean but there was no on-site restaurant and the food available from the concession area in the lobby was very limited and they did not sell alcohol. There was a complimentary airport shuttle.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	1	4	3	3	3	

<Author>HappyParrot1
<Content>It works I was in Boston for one night on business and picked this Hampton Inn and Suites based on price and location (it was quite cheap compared to others!). The hotel is nothing special, but is clean. Basic little snack area to get a late frozen dinner or random snack. They were quick at the front desk with check-in and had me on my way. My only complaint is that they don't have taxi's at the ready. I'm used to walking out of a hotel in the morning and getting a cab to the office. Instead, I had to walk back in after wandering around and not finding a taxi or a doorman and ask them to call me a cab. The wait wasn't long, but I would say it is geared more to the family guest than the business guest. Overall, not bad for the money and I'd stay again if need be.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	-1	3	

<Author>jkim3880
<Content>Worst customer service I made a reservation at this Hampton 11 months prior to my arrival because I knew that Boston would be booked during graduation season. Despite this planning ahead to ensure I would have a room, Hampton overbooked their hotel during my stay and bumped me from Crosstown to Peabody. They only notified me of this 1 day prior to my arrival. They said that they had made a mistake with my reservation and that these mistakes do happen and they are not held accountable for rearrangements to the customer's satisfaction.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>LOVESTOTRAVEL048
<Content>Hotel was Great We stayed at the Hampton Inn Crosstown in April for 5 nights, We had 2 rooms. One in our family ran the Boston Marathon and the hotel set up a shuttle to take the runners to meet the bus and fixed a bag breakfast for them. We used the downtown and airport shuttles and were very pleased. The hotel staff was very friendly and outgoing and the room was very comfortable and clean. We would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MelInBillerica
<Content>Hotel was ok but loved the nearby Chinese Restaurant I had some friends stay in this hotel when they came up to Boston to visit me. I picked the hotel because of the price and the downtown location. The actual hotel was ok, with decent service. The best part was this new Chinese restaurant that's just a couple of blocks away. We walked over for Dim Sum on Saturday morning and it was delicious!! The restaurant is called Pacific Restaurant and is located at 23 Bradston Street. If you stay at this hotel, make sure to try this place!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>farmview
<Content>Tries Hard, Falls Short This was one of several hotels listed for a conference that I attended in March 2008. Given that it was at least $100 less than most of the conference hotels and the conference was offering a shuttle to the Convention Center, I stayed at the Hampton Inn.I drove to the hotel and ended up driving right by it the first time. Crossroads is right -- it is sitting right in the middle of busy Massachusetts Ave and Albany Street -- and I drove right by when I got to the intersection because the writing is very, very tiny near the Albany Street door. Had I been traveling streets away, I would have seen the glow of Hampton Inn from the top of the hotel... but that was not the case.After figuring out that I must have missed it, I managed to get myself to the intersection and find the entrance (which is opposite the Albany Street entrance). The parking garage is located across from the hotel on a small side street. It is a commuter lot, but you can park for $25 a night via the hotel.The hotel is located near BU Medical Center, which is not the type of area that you can get out and walk around safely at night (plus there really isn't anything around). So you are a bit isolated. I kept my car parked but took the conference shuttle, hotel shuttle, or cab. The hotel itself is designed as a boutique hotel. I'm not sure what it was before, but there are little touches that indicate they they are trying to be a bit chic (i.e. black and white photographs with catchy sayings). Check-in went fine, but I realized afterwards that my request for a quiet room was not granted since I was given a 3rd floor room facing the street. I didn't realize this until later at night and by the time I asked to be relocated the next day, all the rooms were full. I was disappointed in my room initially, but I can say that they really, really do try to make it a nice hotel. The bed was great, the workspace and free wi-fi were great, the microwave, fridge, and little kitchenette space were great. Aside from the street noise, I ended up liking my room by the third day. Breakfast was not very good relative to hot items or breads, but I was glad for the coffee, fresh fruit, and yogurt options. As mentioned above, the hotel offers a complimentary shuttle which goes to the waterfront, the Prudential Center, and Boston Common. The driver who works the 2-10 shift was great. He really enjoys his job and looks out for his customers. He's a real honest, hardworking guy... and he'll go out of his way (between scheduled times) to pick up guests. I can honestly say that I will probably not stay at this Hampton Inn again, but it would be more due to the location than the hotel itself.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	1	4	3	-1	4	

<Author>HaarlemTheNeterlands
<Content>Terrible experience We have stayed at the Hamptons Inn  Suites and had a terrible experience. The staff was extremely unfriendly, the room wasn't cleaned for a couple of days and the breakfast was just horrific. We are used to travel quite a lot internationally and are really not too picky or particular about places to stay. It really ruined our stay in Boston. We had informed the manager of our complaints. There wasn't any respons until the day that we checked out. It seemed to be that the staff is rather discriminating.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	3	1	1	3	

<Author>OnionOrion
<Content>Better than Expected A southerner, I went to Boston in January to investigate possible medical treatment at Dana-Farber. From the price, I expected I'd be staying at a big-city hotel with muffins or donuts and coffee for breakfast and few amenities. Instead, I found an attractively modern, comfortable hotel, with courteous and prompt no-cost shuttle service to and from the hospital and airport, and a full, hot breakfast available, at no cost, in the morning. A couple of local restaurants delivered reasonably priced dinners that didn't taste like fast food. Staff were pleasant and helpful. A pool and exercise equipment were available (alas, I left my bathing suit at home), as were rental movies and wifi connection. My only regret was not having time to get to the Fine Arts Museum.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>deanna5776
<Content>trip to the ballpark       bathroom  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>3	5	5	1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Renebfl
<Content>Good stay Too bad this hotel is so far away. Shuttle makes it do-able. I would stay here again. Of course staying in town would be better, but price was about $140/night cheaper. Good shuttle personel from airport to all the other places to visit or eat,Pickup every hour. Few times we were too late for the shuttle. It was a $13 cab ride from Quincy Market to hotel. Great bedding.,  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BLynnS
<Content>Grear Value We stayed at this hotel for 6 nights in September 2007 in a king suite. While not large, the room was pleasant and clean with a refrigerator and microwave. The wireless worked well the entire visit. The included breakfast was OK to good, depending on the choices and saved us money and time. The shuttle was great; we used it both for airport transportation and to access the downtown area. The shuttle even took us to the JFK Museaum one morning (also great). The front desk staff were very accomodating. The pool on the 9th floor was very nice. Given the price of Boston's hotels, this one is a good value. My two complaints are 1. the location is away from any attractions/shopping/restaurants (need to use the shuttle or cab) and 2. no safe in the rooms. I would definitely stay here again if needing budget aoomodations in Boston.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	2	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Annabelle1116
<Content>Very nice hotel Hampton Inn Crosstown is a very nice hotel. I would have given it a 5 rating except for the fact of its location. It is in a bad area of town and unless you have transportation accessibility, it's not a safe area. As for the hotel, it is a very clean, well-maintained facility with friendly and helpful staff. The buffet breakfast was a plus and the manager of the hotel mingled with the guests during breakfast, which I thought was good public relations. There is a Boston tour that comes to the hotel and picks you up. That was a real convenience. The hotel also provides a free shuttle to and from the airport. We did wait for the shuttle almost an hour, but that's to be expected in Boston. Another guest staying at the hotel told me that the shuttle never came, maybe because they didn't realize that it could be a long wait, so they took a cab to the hotel and the hotel was gracious enough to pay the cab fare. There is also a hotel shuttle that takes you to a few local destinations. I didn't take advantage of the service, but one person I spoke to said the service was very helpful. The hotel recommends that you do not depend on the shuttle for your total transportation. We were in town for a convention so it had it's own shuttle to and from the convention. My overall experience at this hotel was very pleasant and I would recommend it.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>emperorsclothes
<Content>Fantastic Hotel and Staff We just came back from a stay at the Hampton Inn in Boston (Mass Ave) and I did something I had never done before. I sent a thank you card to the staff telling them how great they had made our stay. We came in on the red-eye flight and the shuttle was there as soon as we got our baggage. Ramon at the front desk let us check in early so we could catch a nap. Anthony and Bobby the shuttle drivers were fantantic and kept us laughing everywhere they took us. Everyone on the staff has a great attitude. The beds and the pillows were better than home. The girl at the desk (Elvira?) was so nice about keeping our bags for us. I would recommend this hotel to anyone! Trust me after the dump we stayed in in Manhattan (Hotel Pennsylvania for twice the price) I would stay at the Hampton Inn in a heartbeat! I have stayed in hotels all over the world and never had such nice service.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SandbridgeBeachBum
<Content>Nice facility  Over the years my family has had good luck staying at Hampton Inn鈥檚. Hampton Inn and Suits at Crosstown Center was no exception. The staff was extremely helpful, from our shuttle driver at Logan Airport, to the front desk staff who allowed us to check in early and who, upon our checkout, held our bags so we could enjoy a final day of sightseeing. The room we had was a very comfortable studio with a nice kitchenette, spacious bathroom, and living room/bedroom. The bed was very comfortable and the entire room was clean. The only complaint regarding the room would be the curtains. They would not close and did not have any kind of light blocking. As a result, at night the lights of the city would come in and during the morning, the sun would wake us up. Besides that, the room was wonderful. As far as amenities go, the pool was kind of small and cloudy and seemed as though it needed some cleaning. However, the complimentary breakfast was very nice and well stocked. Another plus was the free internet access (wifi) and the computers and copiers available for complementary use just off of the main lobby.  Located to the side of the lobby is Ground Round, a family style dinner/sports bar with American food. The staff at the Ground Round was friendly, however they were very slow with placing orders. The food was adequate. Located off of the hotel grounds, just across the street, is a Dunkin Doughnuts and a Quiznos Subs (both were very good options for fast food with friendly staff). As far as location goes, the hotel is located just on the outskirts of town but only about 10 to 20 minutes away from most attractions. To make up for this, the hotel offers free shuttle service to many sites and has the ability to arrange a cab within minutes. The views are not spectacular either. There is a major construction site located right next to the hotel which was noisy in the morning and throughout the day. In addition the hotel is right near Boston Medical Center and you do hear a lot of ambulances, even at night. Finally, if you walk a few blocks away from the hotel, you end up in a kind of seedy area which I would not recommend visiting.Overall, I would recommend the Hampton Inn and Suites at Crosstown Center. If you are on a budget and don鈥檛 mind being somewhat away from the attractions, than this is the place for you! We really enjoyed it.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Womblebeak
<Content>Nice but noisy Location is the problem here. Didn't feel safe to walk outside but the front desk got cabs with ease. Very noisy outside, double glazing would help. Room excellent, staff excellent, facilities excellent, restaurant/bar excellent, reasonably priced, shuttle to airport excellent. If it were somewhere else it would get a 5!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	1	5	5	5	3	

<Author>RiniPDX
<Content>Could be better I stay at Hampton Inns very frequently. This one was clean  comfortable. However, the area makes it unattractive (not much in walking distance and not really an area you'd want to walk around in) and there were no laundry facilities (which are generally quite common at Hamptons). The noise from the hospital and the highway are a bit noticeable, but not terrible- I slept fine. The price is decent, but as far as a hotel in the Boston area, you can definitely do better if you want to be in the center of the city and there are lots of excellent low cost options a bit further out. I won't stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>2	4	4	1	5	3	2	5	

<Author>CollegeGirly
<Content>Perfect This hotel was great. It was very nice, with comfy bed and clean rooms. Even though the hotel is on the outside of the city center, it was only a few blocks away from the subway station and the bus stop was right out the front door of the hotel. The shuttle drivers were nice for the most part, but if you don't tip them, don't expect them to come back for you. Other than that the hotel was great for the price!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>csharp99
<Content>Good but a little noisy I booked this for a business visit since the rate was good and the location seemed ok. After I informed my contact where I booked they were quite alarmed since the neighborhood apparently is not too friendly, but I must say I haven't really had any trouble.The rooms are good and clean, although the walls are a bit thin. Sounds carry over easily from other rooms, especially through the ventilation system.Another major contributor to the noise is the proximity of the hospital which is just around the corner, with ambulances going by very regularly. Nothing too bad though.The complimentary wireless internet access is definitely a plus. Speed is decent and it's very reliable. Staff is very friendly and helpful. I haven't tried the shuttle services, so I can't comment on it. The location is not too good if you want to have quick access to a good restaurant, bar or theatre. There is a Ground Round bar adjacent to the hotel which is pretty decent but will gett a little boring if you need to spend more than two nights in a row there. So getting a taxi into the city center seems to be the only option.The breakfast is reasonable although a little one-sided (sugar) and all in all I have to say I'm pretty pleased with the hotel. So if you're looking for a decent hotel for a reasonable price, and you don't take too much notice of the ambulances rushing past every now and then, this might be one to consider.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	2	3	5	4	4	

<Author>nctarheel06
<Content>Wonderful, clean facility and great value! My husband, 11 month old son, and I stayed at the Hampton Inn Crosstown last weekend and I was very pleasantly surprised by the room and the amenities. The lobby was very clean and modern and so was the room. My one complaint is that when I called the hotel from the airport to try and get onto the hotel airport shuttle, I waited outside in 35 degree weather for 1 1/2 hours and it never came. I called 2 times and the hotel operator said the driver was aware of my arrival. They never asked for my name or contact info, which I thought was strange. By the time 1 1/2 hours rolled by, I called back annoyed and the operator told me to take a cab and the hotel would reimburse me for the fare. I was in a bad mood but have to say that when I arrived at the front desk and gave the woman the receipt fo $33.50, she immediately gave me an apology and cash refund on the spot. This put me in a much better mood. The free breakfast buffet was wonderful! I was surprised to see things like scrambled eggs, french toast sticks, fresh fruit medley, and sausage links in silver platters. That's the best free breakfast I've had at a hotel for $110 a night! We used the shuttle to go from the hotel to the hospital area and back, as well as for the return to the airport and had no additional problems. Drivers were very nice. There's a Quiznos and Dunkin Donuts as soon as you step outside of the hotel. The hotel itself has a restaurant but the food and setting wasn't something we were really interested in. I ended up getting takeout menus from the front desk and called in for Chinese food because it was so cold outside. Aside from the one shuttle incident, I have no complaints about the stay whatsoever. We weren't there for vacation and didn't venture outside the hotel for a walk, so I can't comment on the safety of the neighborhood, but the hotel itself is great. The shuttle saved us a ton of money on cab fare so I am very appreciative of that amenity. We have another medical appointment scheduled for next January and I will definitely make a reservation for this hotel again!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>MimiScotland
<Content>Very nice Great friendly service, very clean, shuttle service to city centre every half hour was very useful. Wonderful facilities. Surprisingly cheap.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>geoffchurch1975
<Content>couldn't ask for more from a hotel A fantastic stay. Yes the hotel is located in a some what seedy area, just don't go for a walk at night. The hotel is brand new. It was the least expensive when I booked, but offered more then I could imagine. They have a shuttle to and from the airport and also a schedule shuttle that gets you downtown for no cost. I saved a bunch of money with these reliable shuttles. They also offer a great breakfast. everything you could want to get the day started. The area might be loud, but I found the new hotel took that into consideration when being built and used windows that kept the noise to a minimum. Next door is a quizno's. I recomment it.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nycgrl1
<Content>Didn't even walk in Drove up to the hotel to find a group of seedy men hanging out in the driveway. The area was terrible and seedy (not even mentioning the hospital noise). I am from a big city used to city type places, trust me, this was BAD. I don't think it matters about the new rooms when you are scared to get out of your car....Boston is a great city with so many nice hotels. no reason to put one there for 200 dollars per night. Stay somewhere else for the same price, we did.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>1	1	-1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PickyGuy
<Content>Nice hotel, but ... The hotel itself is very nice. Neighborhood is seedy. Ambulance sirens are very common and Bostonians do love to use their car horns! Not convenient to the subway system (the T). Plan on taking a cab almost everywhere you go. Cabs are plentiful. Hotel has wireless internet and it's fast in the lobby but not too fast elsewhere. Rooms are clean, staff is very good. The beds are much better than most hotels.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>euells
<Content>Great place to stay - great shuttle services Our stay here was fantastic - from the time we got off the plane. One quick call to the hotel and by the time we had our bags in hand, the shuttle was waiting for us. When we checked in - they upgraded us to a suite because of my Hilton Honors status. The shuttle service was fantastic - it runs to all of the major Boston attractions, so no matter where you are you can grab it back to the hotel. We were only here one night (leaving for a cruise to Bermuda) but we were able to complete the Freedom Trail, eat lunch at Cheers, have a great dinner at McCormick and Schmicks Seafood, and return back to the hotel for a good nights rest. The breakfast in the morning is the typical american traveller's breafast, but better than many other Hampton Inns I have stayed with. The front desk is courteous and very helpful. I would stay here again in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simple, pristine, comfy My teenage daughter and I stayed here for two nights while in Boston. The hotel was booked, yet didn't feel at all crowded. Since it's relatively new, things were clean and well-kept. The staff was helpful and friendly. There is a small fitness room and indoor pool which my daughter reallly enjoyed. Any requests we had were attended to promptly. We used both public transportation (about 4 blocks away--easily walked) and the hotel shuttle. The shuttle was on time and convenient. The breakfast was great, too. It really saved us some money. We were well-pleased with this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>hampton inn was great this hotel was very nice and clean. the staff was very freindly and helpful. the location was not the best if you are not a walker, but boston is an easy town to navigate through. i have stayed at the hampton inn cambridge previously and this location was much better in terms of cleanliness, friendliness, and service. i would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BusTrvlr
<Content>Excellent hotel but research what you want before booking I travel to Boston for business almost every month and stay at this hotel because it is convenient to my customers. The area is not the best so I would not wander around in the middle of the night (use common sense) and Boston hospital is right across the street; I am a sound slepper so the noise does not bother me. It has a shuttle to downtown Boston (Faneuil Hall Marketplace, Museums and Restuarants - try Houston's with a reservation) and taxis are also available. I believe on my last trip I also saw a sign for Enterprise car rental at the parking garage which may be cheaper than getting a rental car at the airport. There are hotels that are closer and more expensive in downtown Boston. The breakfast has a variety of hot and cold and can sometimes be crowded but the Dunkin Donuts across the street by the parking garage is now open. It will also be convenieint when the Ground Round opens and adds to the Quiznos. There are also a bunch of great little sandwich shops (some deliver) in South Boston and a couple of bigger restuarants within a couple of miles. (Stadium Bar  Grill). If you did not mind spending a little more $, get the suite with a lot more room, a microwave and fridge for snacks, a pull out couch and a work desk. The hotel also has a small workout room and a pool; remember you're not going to Bally's. Great hotel if it fits your needs.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean and reasonably priced, but not a convenient location We stayed in this hotel April 19-22, 2006. While it's definitely clean, comfortable and reasonably priced I was disappointed with the location. Although they claim a T station is 6 blocks away it's a 20 minute walk to get there. I know we could have hopped on the bus across the street but we didn't take the time to research the stops and schedules. Didn't want to wait around for their local attraction shuttle, either. So, we probably made up in cab fare what we saved on the room compared to other hotels. Continental breakfast was below average and mobbed every morning. We only ate there once. Also, one of our bed frames was broken and we had to ask twice to get it fixed. The cleaning staff did not refill coffee and creamer and we had to call about that, too. Bottom line: you get what you pay for. Don't expect more than a clean room at a cheap price.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Misunderstood location I live in this neighborhood (am a young single woman), and chose the Hampton Inn for my visiting sister and kids the week after it opened. It was perfect, and the staff couldn't be better. I can understand why visitors might feel uncomfortable here--it is an emerging neighborhood that still has some very rough edges. On the South End side of Massachusetts Avenue, you have multi-million dollar brownstones, the city's hottest restaurants (celeb chef Ken Oringer's Toro for one, others on the critics' top list....Seiyo for sushi, Stella, Pho Republique, Caffe Umbra, Union.) On the Roxbury side of the street, you have an extremely urban area with some blight and some crime. Stick to the South End side and you'll be fine; keep your antenna up and be careful just as you would in any city. This hotel is probably one of the best deals in the city, and the first to be owned and operated by an African American in Boston. It's really a project to be proud of that was a good step forward in developing this neighborhood...in five years' time it will be unrecognizable (particularly when Boston University finishes its plans for its medical school campus expansions.)So give this property a chance--it is great!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>busytrainer
<Content>Convenient and Comfortable in Typical Hampton Inn Style I stayed in this hotel in March while holding a training session at Boston Medical Center. The location was certainly convenient for me (the hospital is across the street) and the free airport shuttle was invaluable as I was able to skip the rental car. While it is convenient to the medical center it is quite removed from the action of downtown Boston and I was advised by managers at the hospital that I probably shouldn't walk around at night as the neighborhood across the street starts to get a bit questionable. The Ground Round restaurant hadn't yet opened when I stayed but that will definitely help. The dining choices in the area included Quiznos, Dunkin' Donuts, McDonalds, or Burger King.As for the hotel, it takes the modern angle of the (comfortingly) predictable Hampton Inn style with funky furniture and decor in purples and dark greens. My room was large, comfortable, and clean. The breakfast had a good selection of both hot and cold items and was well stocked. The front desk staff were friendly and particularly helpful in recommending lots of different places for my trainees and I to eat. It's a solid hotel choice and a great value if you don't mind the taxi ride to the heart of the city.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>chucklicht
<Content>Good Value We always have enjoyed Hampton Inns and this selection didn't disappoint us. At the end of a two-week vacation in the Northeast, we decided to spend a few days revisiting Boston. The prices we found for downtown hotels were very expensive and the Hampton Inn was quite reasonable and not too far from town. We parked in the pay lot and left the car there for our entire visit.We were placed in a disabled room (we're not!) which was much more spacious than an ordinary one. The bathroom was large with space for a wheelchair in the shower.The room was clean and new and had all the Hampton Inn usual features, including the clock radio which requires some practice to be familiar with.We used the hotel's shuttle service every day to go to sites and usually used it to return in the evening to clean-up and go back downtown for dinner. There aren't many places to eat in the near vicinity. We usually had to take a taxi (less than $10.00) to come home after dinner.The breakfasts were good Hampton Inn quality (peanut butter and bagels)and very generous. Service overall was good.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>re: local dining/neighborhood As a 10 year neighbor, just adding to the previous reviews in case it's helpful. The location is indeed bleak, it was the only vacant parcel left in the area when they built it 2 years ago! It's at the intersection of major highways, but just a few blocks' walk to the South End commercial area. It's next door to the hospital, medical school, and city emergency shelter intake, so if you're not used to urban areas, may seem sketchy. But, just walk north 2 blocks on Mass Ave, and turn right on Washington St.- there are at least 5 restaurants within a block or two, from cheap to fashionably deluxe (bakery/cafe, diner, Chinese, Thai, Tapas, Sushi, wine bar, Venezuelan...) And the so-called Silver Line bus goes straight down Washington St. to Downtown Crossing, the heart of the city. The South End's famous Restaurant Row is on Tremont St, 2 blocks past Washington. All the chi-chi new art galleries are down Harrison Ave, 6 or 8 blocks past the hospitals. You can also take the Mass Ave #1 bus straight down Mass Ave into the Back Bay/Newbury St. district, or across the Charles River to Harvard Square in Cambridge, a bit slow at rush hour but quick otherwise. So, it's convenient to the BU/Boston Medical Center, but really not far from the rest of the city, and very close to the rest of the South End (the largest residential Victorian neighborhood in the US) Enjoy the architecture! Take a cab home late at night, as you would in any city.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>hotel and management a joke While attempting to check in, I was given the hand and shooshed by the employee (Carman). I was about to ask for a manager when I realized SHE (Carman) was it! This was after waiting an hour and 1/2 in the lobby. I finally used their lobby payphone to reserve a hotel elsewhere through Hotels. While waiting I did check out the pool. It is more of a large garden tub. Maybe slightly bigger but is VERY tiny. I would not want to be in there with more than 6-10 people. Maximum.Crappy location, crappy service, crappy pool.I attempted to contact Hampton through email. I was told they attempted to contact Carman, the manager, there Boston Hampton but she had not gotten back with them. I was told they would be sending me a free night stay which after 2 months I had not received. I contacted them AGAIN. I was told AGAIN that I would be receiving a free night stay. This was in August that we were in Boston. It is now nearly January and I STILL have not received the free night voucher!I have always stayed at and recommended Hamptons. I cannot say either way if I will stay in one again but I will say that I will never stay at the one in Boston. There are PLENTY of other hotels with airport shuttle, larger pools, nicer rooms, kind employees and restaurants near by without the sounds of ambulances!Do NOT stay here. There are plenty of other, better alternatives.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel I stayed in early December at the Hampton Inn and was quite impressed. The hotel is essentially brand new and has a lot of amenities that go along with the room price. What impressed me is the decor in the lobby and rooms. The lobby is clean and the staff is very helpful and friendly. The rooms are fairly spacious and are also clean, modern and quite comfortable. If you are visiting Boston this is absolutely the best bargain you are going to get. Now for the downsides:1) The location of the hotel (Roxbury, MA) can be seedy at night, be careful.There is also few restaurants, bars and clubs in the immediate area. You need to go up mass ave about 10 blocks before hitting those. 2) The hotel is placed across the street from a hospital, if sirens bother you, you may want to choose another hotel. Sirens and loud noises are part of the urban life though :), its tough to escape.3) The free shuttle from the airport to the hotel can be tricky to catch and is first come first serve, call ahead and see the schedule so you dont get stuck in the cold. 4) The hotel has no kitchen, so you have to fend for yourself.5) About a 20 min walk to the closest T- station (Mass ave, orange line)Hotels closer into the commons and back bay will cost you double and you get less conveniences.Take it from someone who lived in Boston for a year, if you are going cheap this is a good deal.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Too many ambulances all day and all night long!!! We stayed at this fairly new Hampton Inn Suites from November 9-13, 2005. The hotel is very nice and the staff works very hard to accomodate guests at all times. Most comments listed on here by users before the above dates are pretty accurate for the most part. Based on the location and price of $125.00 per night in Boston plus tax, plus parking of $17.00 per night, this is a fairly decent deal for those on a financial budget. If you want to spend much more and do more, stay in or near Downtown Boston. Otherwise, this is not the place for you. The location of this hotel is undergoing much urban renewal. There is a brand new Quizno's Subs restaurant located next door to the hotel. There is also a brand new Ground Round restaurant being built attached to the backside of the hotel facing a main thoroughfare. The Food and Beverage Manager of the hotel advised us that it will be a nice sports bar with a full dining menu. Allegedly, there are plans to expand the hotel on the property adjacent to the hotel. The parking garage is very large and very modern. It is a bit difficult (time consuming)driving in and out of the hotel and that includes the usually constant taxi cab driver who is outside waiting to take you wherever you want to go. Be advised that it will cost anywhere from $7 to $15 to go one-way anywhere in the immediate Downtown Boston area. But, it beats paying exhorbitant parking fees at other hotel or local parking lots. Be prepared to pay anywhere from $20 to $40 daily to park just about anywhere in the Downtown Boston area. So, one of your quickest and best financial transportation options is to just take a taxi. While in the taxi, ask the taxi driver about local sightseeing areas, shopping and especially restaurants. They know just about anything about everything.My biggest complaint and concern about this location is the EXCESSIVE NOISE coming from the ambulances all day and especially all night long. And I do mean ALL DAY AND ALL NIGHT long. The engineers/architects for this location should have seen to it that the windows were double-paned and soundproof due to the fact that this hotel is located right across the street from a Level 1 Emergency Room Trauma Center Hospital. The ambulance drivers are not responsible at all in sounding their alarms excessively from 12:00 a.m. to 6:00 a.m. when there was no need to do so based on very light traffic in the area.Initially, when this hotel opened (like most in Boston) the price per night was reasonable. Since then though, the price has risen significantly.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travel_Reviewer20
<Content>Pluses and Minuses Pluses: + Great rate for central Boston ($112 midweek) + Free shuttle to/from airport and to/from key tourist locations + Extremely friendly and pleasant staff (one of the best across the board that I have experienced) + Relatively new (~2 years old)Minuses: - Neighborhood is not too good - Nowhere nearby to eat (and would not recommend walking in or out of this hotel) - There were several people in the lobby at different times who were definitely NOT guests of the hotel; this was most disconcerting at breakfast time - a security guard was in line filling up thermos, etc. with breakfast buffet items to go... - Security guard(s) stationed in the lobby area along with the non-guest presence made me feel somewhat uncomfortable - Airport shuttle, while free, does only operate on the hour, so if your flight gets in at x:20 (like mine did), you may end up waiting for about an hour-and-a-half for the shuttle (like I did). That being said, the courtesy driver was extremely friendly and helpful.  - For a hotel only ~2 years old, I was a bit surprised by the condition and cleanliness. The first room I checked into had burn marks all over the carpet, however the new room they moved me to was fine. - Noise level could be high at times due to the proximity to the medical center - every now and then there would be a siren, but the noise level overall was not bad enough to affect sleeping.Overall, I probably would not stay here again - although price and staff factors were so good, it was worth thinking about again, but I think I would probably pay more and be in an area where it was easier to get out and walk around.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>definately a good deal We just stayed in this hotel last weekend. Coming from New York City, noise was not the problem. I slept well in the comfortable bed. Shower was nice too. Overall, hotel is new, clean, and comfortable. It is little far from T stop (Mass Ave), but there are local shuttle taking us to Prudential Center, Quincy Market etc. Also, free hot breakfast is definitely a plus. We enjoyed hot breakfast in the morning, and swimming pool at night.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You get what you pay for Like most of the other review statements in this space, I agree the location of this hotel is close-in but not the kind of neighborhood you want to be in. There are no restaurants in the area. The breakfast room on Saturday morning was mobbed and out of food. On Sunday we took a cab to the Prudential Center for breakfast! The neighborhood around the hotel is dicey. Do not walk anywhere in the area. The cab drivers also warned me about it. The noise level there is also MUCH higher than usual for hotels. The room was fine except for the noise. The service staff was competent and friendly and even refused a tip for storing my bags. The airport shuttle is a definite plus. I stayed there because it was the closest, cheapest Hilton product. However I can't honestly recommend it and I will probably not stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pp38000
<Content>Dodgy Location, Poor Service, Not Worth the Money One more thing my room was double booked and had guests comin into room after checkin in!Won't be going back again even though its clean and new! For what i was paying i ought to have a good service.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DDOman
<Content>Noisy on odd-numbered rooms Like most people travlling to Boston, I tried to save a couple of bucks (1/2 price compared to Back Bay Hotels) and opted for the Hampton-Crosstown. Location does suck but they have a free shuttle to/from airport and to other points in Boston. There are no real reastaurants in area but a cab ride to Prudential area is about 7$. My biggest beef was that for a newly constructed hotel the soundproofing is horrible. I stayed on the odd-numbered room side which was so noisy from street traffic that I could not sleep. This combined with the room next door partying at 3 AM forced me to move to an even number sided room at 5 AM. Service at the hotel is good. I think I will find other ways to save a buck next time, perhaps the Hampton in Cambridge.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great option - you should try it! My husband and I had a great week-long stay on our first trip to Boston. Our plane was late but we phoned the hotel when we landed and we walked out the door with our bags and no more than 5 minutes later we were on the hotel shuttle. Check-in was smooth. The hotel was sold out due to a baseball game so it was crowded, but the staff handled everything well.To address some of the comments by other guests, we had no complaints about the breakfast area. It was clean and well-stocked. Some guests with children need to learn manners - it is never OK to for children to throw food on the floor and then pick it off the floor to eat it - but even given that, the hotel staff quickly tried to clean the mess and maintain order. Also, the to-go breakfast bags were great for the two excursions we took to Cape Cod and the Maine Sea Coast.We were there the week before Labor Day and there were two local shuttles in service. We used the shuttle every morning then walked Boston and took the sight-seeing trolley and subway during the day, finally returning on the shuttle every evening. Frankly, if you're not prepared to get out there and walk and take the subway, maybe you're not ready for Boston. You can't appreciate the city from a hotel shuttle. Boston is called America's Walking City because to experience it, you need to get out there. Don't criticize the hotel shuttle. It was an excellent service. The drivers were prompt and courteous and it is a great bonus to get your day started and finished. The rest is up to you as it should be. No one except the taxi drivers are there waiting to haul your behind from sight to sight. The housekeeping was great and we had no maintenance issues. The hotel was by the Boston Medical Center but we had no problems with sirens or activity keeping us up at night. I'm normally a light sleeper in hotels and if my sleep had been interrupted, I'd be so cranky right now that this review would reflect that.It would have been nice to have more restaurants nearby but the hotel was accomodating with take-out and delivery menus. But over the next few months the area will be much improved. There is a Ground Round being built on site and right next door a Quizno's and Dunkin' Doughnuts are going in. By the end of this year the area is going to be totally different. We enjoyed our first trip to Boston and look forward to returning. The Hampton Inn Crosstown Center was a great value and we would definitely stay there again. If you have any questions you can e-mail my husband and I at codiesparents@wmconnect.com  
<Date>Sep 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>SCARED OF INITIAL REVIEWS, BUT VERY HAPPY WITH MY STAY! Yes, I read some of the earlier reviews after we booked our resevation, but, thankfully, I did not try to cancel! I had read the horror stories about the shuttle and was expecting to be totally frustrated. Anyway, our party of 3 arrived at Logan at the bottom of the hour and I telephoned to let them know we were on the ground. Approximately 15 minutes later, the shuttle bus arrived, loaded our luggage, and took up to the motel through the Friday afternoon rush hour. After we got there, the bus left immediately for the normal airport run at the top of the hour. We checked in right behind a VERY large group. We did get a little frustrated trying to get a luggage cart, and finally opted to carry our luggage to the room. The wife was a little frustrated, but the frustration rapidly disappeared. Again, I had read that the staff was rude, but I found that to be quite the opposite. The desk staff was very helpful and courteous, answering any questions. Yes, we missed a shuttle bus, but we were politely told that we could grab the #1 bus to get to Copley Place/Prudential Building/Hynes Convention Center. A lot of people have been very negative about the neighborhood, but I felt completely safe with the area. There is a LOT of building going on in the Cross Town Center, and once it is opened, this will be quite an area. Granted, there are very few places to eat in this area, but with the expansion going on, there will be a nice assortment...SOON. There will be a Dunkin' Donuts and Quizino's, plus a couple of other names that I can not remember. But, the night that we took the bus, we went to Legal's Seafood (very good, but I was told that there are better, which is hard to imagine). The shuttle bus was enroute when we were ABOUT finished with dinner (about being the keyword). The shuttle driver waited almost 15 minutes for our party to come out from the restaurant, and was very gracious when we came out. VERY surprising after what I had read! The shuttle bus was filled the next morning from the same group that we checked in behind, and the desk clerk asked if we could wait a half hour until it returned; we couldn't, so we hopped a cab to Hynes, only about $6.00, not a bad deal. We split the rest of the time riding cabs and the shuttle to and from the convention center. On the last night we were talking with the shuttle driver about how little we had actually seen of Boston during our stay, and he proceeded to take us on a tour of the city, and was quite the tour guide! Kudos to the driver...I wish I had gotten his name!The breakfast bar was always well stocked, and the food was hot. I never had to worry about coffee...it was always there. An earlier review mentions rude people pushing and shoving. Well, just remember, that is not indicatiove of the hotel, just a reminder that our manners have dropped that far down. However, I found none of that...our lines moved very smoothly and orderly. Hotel amenities include FREE in-room wireless service, a business center with high-speed service and printer. By comparison, many other member of our nationwide organization stayed at the Marriott Copley. Yes, there was a business center there, but for in-room access, there was a $9.95 fee. The Marriott shuttle service was NOT free, nor was it as accomodating as the Hampton Inn service. Parking at the Hampton is $17/day...parking at the Marriott is $20-22/day. Even though I did not have a car here, the other members of our organization sounded pretty pleased at the deal that we had...$55/day LESS than what they were paying at the Marriott and we had a King suite! Overall, I was very pleased with our stay here and would have no problems reserving another room here. The area is growing and the staff here was very courteous.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>UCC
<Content>Good Value, Lousy Neighborhood We recently returned from 4 nights at the Hampton Inn-Crosstown. There is no question that you get great value at this hotel compared to the much higher rates at most other moderate hotels in Boston. The usual complementary hot breakfast that Hampton Inn offers was great, the suite was roomy for our family of five, and the pool offered welcome relief from the heat and humidity. The hotel's shuttle is a great idea in theory but while we were there they only had one mini-bus running and it only held 13 people. We noticed many guests complaining that they had to wait a long time and many gave up and took the bus or called cabs. We took it downtown one morning after having to wait an hour and then we took a cab back to the hotel at night rather than fight the crowds.By far our biggest concern was the neighborhood of the hotel. Numerous panhandlers surrounded the front of the hotel and in one direction was a very run-down part of the city. We did not feel safe at all and there was no restaurant within walking distance of the hotel. We, along with many other guests, had to take a cab just to get to a restaurant. There is also a hospital right next to the hotel so you hear sirens and a hospital helicopter off and on all night. Finally, our linen was not clean upon check-in and our toilet malfunctioned a few times.My family will not stay in this hotel again and I do not recommend it to others for now. Perhaps in the future the neighborhood will be built up to be more tourist-friendly.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel, Great Price and Great Service We decided to stay here because the hotel was new and the price was much lower than typical Boston hotels. We had a wonderful time and enjoyed our experience at this hotel very much. We would stay here again and recommend it.With being a new hotel, the rooms and the hotel itself are very clean and very well appointed. All the staff we encountered were very nice and helpful, including all of the shuttle drivers.In addition to a complimentary airport shuttle, which was very easy to use, the hotel offers a complimentary local shuttle throughout the day. It is true that on some occasions it was very full, but for the most part we had no trouble getting on. It was also very convenient--it stops at several major areas throughout downtown and also runs throughout a good part of the day. Finally, if you need to stop somewhere else than the normal stops, they will usually work something out to take you if it's convenient--just ask. We needed to go to South Station and it wasn't a problem.The hotel wasn't located in the greatest neighborhood, but it wasn't that bad either. I've stayed in many major cities and it's a typical inner-city neighborhood. I've also stayed at many other much more expensive, exclusive downtown hotels, with the same type of neighborhood right next door. Bottom line is, we walked up and down Mass. Ave. by the hotel several times during our trip during the day and never felt unsafe. At night we caught the shuttle back. It's a big city and so you've always got to be on your guard and careful wherever you are. The idea that you're safer downtown isn't necessarily true. Also, Boston's public transport is great and the hotel is within easy access of the bus system to connect you to the rest of it. I would recommend you do a little research on the T system so you're somewhat familiar when you arrive, and the staff is also very helpful at giving transportation info.To sum up, a great hotel at a great rate for downtown Boston. It's very clean, the service is great and it's easy to access the sites downtown. You may have to plan a little for your transportation options to downtown, but with the lower rate, you'll have more money to spend when you get there. On the other hand, if you don't like the idea of possibly having to use public transportation and you have lots of anxiety about inner-city areas, then this may not be the place for you. Of course, this will be hard to get away from in Boston.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>HORRIBLE LOCATION - PAY EXTRA $$ FOR DOWNTOWN!! Yes this hotel is new. So, you get clean nice rooms. The indoor pool was nice and the computers on the first floor with free internet access were very helpful, except, they didn't limit people using it and you could wait for 30 minutes to over an hour for usage. I had to ask the desk clerk twice to tell the person to wrap it up..I had to book my seats for my flight the next morning and was waiting for well over an hour.The room: clean and comfortable, but what did you expect from a brand new hotel.The shuttle: okay for the trip from  to the airport, but to get around town, forget it. You could never fit on, ever!! They should up the vans to accomodate everyone there...The breakfast: if you don't run down like a stampede of elephants, your out of luck. It's mobbed around the food displays, people pushing, shoving, horrible!! The staff: They were okay...A couple of snotty little college looking kids, but overall okay.The location: The hotel was far from downtown. The neighborhood is dingy and ugly. I am from Philly, so believe me, I am used to plenty of rough neighborhoods. This one was horrible!! It reminded me of Broad  Tasker, in Philly, a used to be nice area, run down and now frequented by crack heads and losers. As stated in another review, the Methodone clinic had plenty of dirty little characters hanging out and about!!! The bus, outside the hospital, must have been a ghost bus from the past, because the whole 3 days in August we were there, we couldn't find one, except to be flying by us. So the walk to the T was long and hot. As your walking, you are prime target for all the derilicts that hang along that stretch of street in that area filled with dingy  dirty bars. Very disgusting. If you caught a cab, to go downtown, it costed about $28 dollars...not cheap, an absolute ripoff!Very very disappointing!!! My fiance and I are going back to Boston this summer at the end of August and we will definitly not be staying at this hotel. We will be downtown!!!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>2	2	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Pyffy
<Content>Fantastic hotel...Fantastic City I have just returned from spending 7 nights at this fabulous hotel. Being English and on holiday I didn't know what to expect of a city hotel but I was impressed and highly delighted by our choice. The staff were always friendly and extremely helpful and knowledgeable. The hotel room was large, well appointed and very clean and maid serviced daily. We were on the 8th floor directly below the pool and exercise room and had a great view of the southern edge of the city. The lobby provided a relaxing place to sit while enjoying a coffee. There is a computer suite with 2 internet PC's and printers for checking e-mail and researching the days activities. There is also a pay phone and ATM machine for those last minute cash withdrawals. The breakfast was very good with a great choice of pastries, fresh fruit, yoghurt and cooked sausage and eggs even up to 10.00am when they stopped serving, with coffee / tea available all day. The location although not in the centre of Boston was only a few minutes away from downtown by silver line bus (the stop 2 blocks away) or the number 1 bus, giving access to the T stations and a direct route to Harvard (the stop being just across the street outside the hospital). The location of the hotel is on the edge of a residential area and industrial estate at a major intersection. Some people may be threatened by this type of neighborhood but we walked every where and never at any time felt under threat.Although there is no restaurant on site there is a McDonalds and a bar/diner across the street and 5 minutes walk away down Mass Ave is the quaintest diner you ever would like to eat in Victoria's was the best ever.We only used the hotel shuttle once and that was to return to the airport. It runs on the hour and takes about 10-15 minutes to make its way over to the drop. At 4.00pm we were the only passengers .The driver was prompt, extremely helpful and very courteous and his demeanor epitomized everyone we encountered at this hotel. All in all you get what you pay for and more....go on give it a try...you won't be disappointed !!!!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Pieceomymind
<Content>Under-rated Hotel - Good Value and Great Customer Service I was in Boston last week and stayed at the Hampton Inn. Shuttle picked me up very shortly after I arrived at Logan Airport. Although I was way too early for check-in, the pleasant front desk clerk stored my bags for me until my return later in the afternoon - giving me a receipt for everything.Shuttle dropped me at Hynes Convention Center and I was also able to get back to the Hampton via the shuttle as well. As other reviewers have pointed out, the location is 'off the beaten path,' near the Boston Medical Center. I didn't have a chance to walk much around the 'hood because the weather was horrible, so I can't comment much on the area.For dinner, there didn't appear to be too many immediate area choices outside of a McDonald's or a local pizza joint, but the front desk clerk asked the shuttle driver to run me over to Victoria's Diner and I had a tasty scallops dinner there.Rooms were clean and modern. Free breakfast was ample, with many choices. I had read on the Internet about a place called Charley's Sandwich on Columbus Avenue, which is also in South Boston (not too far from Hampton Inn) and ate there later in the week. They recently won highly coveted James Beard award. Great for breakfast and lunch.There's a small pool area on 9th floor and also a fine exercise room with a tv up there.The Hampton Crosstown is well worth the price and I think it's a fine alternative to some of the overpriced hotels closer to or in downtown.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel and Staff, shady part of town   showReview(3490987, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>3	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Challenging the Norm   showReview(3476565, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel, Not So Nice Location   showReview(3459802, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay The Hell Away   showReview(3396965, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Room, Dingy Area!   showReview(3215391, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Hotel in Boston   showReview(2879272, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The new Hampton Inn.   showReview(2700947, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value, good proximity to town, rough neighborhood   showReview(2578222, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay ~ though a little remotely away.   showReview(2508371, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel in a not so nice neighborhood   showReview(2454136, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel de style r茅cent   showReview(19645607, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bien plac茅 dans boston   showReview(11340161, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

