<Author>DallasHarley
<Content>Where is the SPA in Bliss Spa????? A spa that charges what the Bliss Spa at the W Hotel charges should have a Spa on the premises. The actual massage treatment was wonderful. The facility is terrible.#1 - There is no spa (jacuzzi, hot tub, whirlpool) anywhere on the premises. I have never been to a high-end spa that did not have both a spa and a cold plunge. Bliss in Dallas has neither. #2 - They will tell you they have a Steam Room. Well - not exactly. There is one single shower in the mens small locker room. In that shower there is a steam outlet which is basically worthless. If you turned it on today, it might generate enough steam to be useful in about 24 hours. It is not a Steam Room like one would expect in a high-end spa.#3 - The lounge area, or waiting area where you wait before your massage treatment does not contain a single lounge chair. You are sitting there straight up in chairs facing 12 foot glass windows overlooking West Dallas. Sounds really cool, but when you are trying to get relaxed before a massage it is the last place you want to be - especially after you have just found out they don't even have a spa to soak in! OH yeah - and if you are bored, you can read one of the magazines in the HEAVY plastic holders they use to protect them. At $150 for a massage, one would think they could afford to replace the magazines and lose the Doctor's office protectors!! In addition, the fresh apples in the lounge area had to be at least a week or two old. They were mushy and inedible. Nobody paid any attention to what you needed or did not need. No nice soft fuzzy robes or lavender scented neck wraps were in sight. (P.S. - go to the Ritz or Crescent Court for these treats!!)#4 - The music --- Someone needs to tell the W Management that blues music is NOT spa music. They play the same music everywhere - even in the massage treatment room. You are on the massage table attempting to relax while this female voice is belting out a blues tune!! NOT RELAXING at all. I asked them to just turn it off. Eclectic is one thing - relaxing it is NOT!!#5 - The actual massage treatment was excellent. The therapist was very professional and did a fantastic job! I am a licensed massage therapist and I know what constitutes a great massage. Renee did mine and she was excellent!!If you go to the Bliss Spa, in Dallas -- just be ready. The facilities are just worthless. However, the massage is very very good.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>2	1	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Vidalia98
<Content>Not very Impressed My husband and I were both running in the White Rock Lake Marathon/Half-Marathon and chose this hotel because it was located (literally) at the start/finish line. I agree with some of the other reviews - if you are not one of the 'beutiful people' (read, under 30, female, monied), don't expect to be treated well, just tolerated. Most of the staff seemed to be annoyed they had to lower themselves to speak to me because, you know, they have to let 'anyone' stay there. Asking for a late (1:00 p.m.)checkout....you would have thought I was asking for a free night. Our reserved, pre-paid, room wasn't ready until 2 hours after we got there (and we checked in at 3:30 p.m.). If they did not want to make money off the runners participating in the event, they should not have advertised on the marathon's homepage. It is 'hip' and 'stylish' and may be 'the place' to stay but I found it to be cold (both in temperature and personality), dark and loud. If ultra modern is your style, this is the place for you. I prefer something a little more inviting.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	-1	3	

<Author>TravelThom
<Content>In typical W fashion, I was not let down with this great hotel.       Living area  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>smith1987
<Content>Loved the W!!! Absolutely wonderful! Went to Dallas to see Tina Turner in concert. Stayed directly across the street from the venue, at the W. They were so hospitable with us having to fit in a quick dinner in order to make the concert in time. Even sent us off with a cute packaged yummy muffin for intermission! Rooms were wonderful. Beds so comfortable! Lovely experience all the way around!!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>katiey424
<Content>Wonderful weekend at the W! We stayed on a Friday night for an in-town getaway. The night began with drinks in the Living Room and a fantastic meal at N9ne Steakhouse across the street. Be sure to let your server know if you plan to visit Ghostbar. He gave us a special item and it allowed us to skip the long line. We jumped right on an elevator up to the top. The view was fantastic!Each staff member was extremely friendly and helpful during our short visit. The Bliss products in the bathroom are awesome as well. I only wish we'd had more time to visit the pool and Craft!Maybe next time!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>travellingband
<Content>Nice look, too bad about the service The service at the W Dallas is over the top in rhetoric, and short in substance. The clean, smooth rooms are overshadowed by the staff that overpromise delivery of items / room service, and take forever. When you call down to front desk, they ask how they can fulfill your wish. I want to stay in a hotel, not Alladin's Lamp.I strongly urge the W to tone down the Studio 54 image they are trying to portray. It takes away from the experience and smacks of insincerity.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	5	3	2	5	

<Author>rascal299
<Content>Wonderful service the W dallas was a fun time and the staff go out of their way to make sure your requests are fulfilled. The rooms are very modern looking with awesome plasma TVs! My only warning is if your planning on having a party in the room you can count on the staff breaking it up before it even starts! Other than that the Pool was a blast and the Living Room had a good DJ on saturday night... the front desk said they have one play every weekend. If you are looking for something different (upscale but with out the stuffiness of the ritz or mansion) this is a place to check out!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>NorthTexasWilliam
<Content>Close but misses the mark Not on par with other top notch hotels when it come to service and attention to details. Dinner at Craft exceeded expectation but the rest of the hotel staff was more like a Motel 6 staff. I have stayed at the Crescent, Fairmont, Hyatt and Mansion on Turtle Creek recently and they all exceeded my expectations.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	2	3	1	2	

<Author>kimfrost
<Content>Absolutely Loved the W I live in Fort Worth and stayed at the W for a friends birthday weekend we stayed in a corner suite and two other rooms our suite was gorgeous with a huge balcony nice over sized comfortable chairs and a nice fun view of the american airlines center. I only have two minor complaints, one being that ALL of the staff that i had encounters with were all very young and flirtatious, I'm 19 and very outgoing but they were a little over the top. And the second complaint would be that valet for some reason wouldn't let our limo pick us up from the front entrance we had to be picked up from the back entrance. Other than that the rooms were very clean, spacious, pretty much sound proof walls, and chic. The room service was a little slow but food was great and they got us everything we needed.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>supermom2kids
<Content>Love the W My stay here was wonderful, the room was gorgeous with a great view. Staff was very friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>aajm
<Content>Not that great! My husband and I just stayed at the W in Dallas for our 10 year anniversary. We live in the area and wanted a nice hotel to get away for a night. I was not impressed with the hotel at all. I found it stuffy, dark, and although I like contemporary designs, it was way out there. Our hotel keys would never work for the room and the elevator. We've stayed at the Mansion, Crescent and other local hotels for evening kid free nights and they were much better! Luckily, I used starwood points so I wasn't too upset since all I had to pay for was the $24 parking which is insane! If your coming to DFW, find another hotel.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>texantasha
<Content>Cool in both senses of the word I came here for business and so did not have the opportunity to make use of the leisure/spa facilities. I had a room on about 8th floor (I think) with a private patio area - I liked that aspect a lot. I couldn't work the patio doors to lock them (!) and a guy was up within 5 mins to help me out - very friendly and he dashed away not even expecting a tip! I think that this would be a great hotel for a girls/ladies weekend. Fun bar, great spa and cool rooms. Check-in staff was a little on the 'cold' side but the hotel evokes a cool ambience, definitely aimed at 'the beautiful people'.Open bathroom design was fine for me (shower on view from the bedroom) but the toilet area is behind closed doors. The complimentary shower goodies are from 'Bliss' range, which made a nice change. This hotel has its own Bliss shop where you can purchase products.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>purplelover35
<Content>I Was Absolutely Disgusted! My family consists of 2 adults and 2 teenagers. We live in Plano and were planning to have an in-town vacation at the W hotel because we had heard that it was fabulous and chic. I booked a room for 3 nights at an outrageous rate ($300 per night). I asked the woman booking our reservations if there was any way to get a discounted rate. She told me in a rather bored voice that she couldn't get it any lower, and that I should be grateful to get a room because they were almost completely booked up for the weekend. I argued with her that I had been in the hotel not 5 hours before to check it out, and had had the front desk clerk tell me that they were less than half full. The woman didn't have a reply to that, and against my better judgement, I booked our room. When we checked in, the concierge was too busy flirting with girls going into the Ghostbar to notice us. After threatening to get the manager, my husband finally got us checked in. The room was on the 6th floor, and looked out at the unsightly buliding rooftops. To make things worse, our room was not clean. The beds were unmade, towels missing, no soap, a huge stain on the floor, and a phone that didn't work. Till now I was not aware that so many things could be wrong with one room, but I know better now! We all had to hull our luggage back downstairs to try to get a new room. I had to talk to the same stupid, young employee that wasn't doing his job earlier. His lazy attitude and unhelpfulness finally made me just throw my hands up in the air and leave. He reminded me as I was leaving that we would be charged for the room and cancellation. I told him that he could take the bill and shove it where the sun dosen't shine. I guess what the people who recommended the hotel to us meant to say was that it was fabulous for twenty-somethings and chic only if you lived in a pigsty. The Ghostbar is the only attraction that this hotel has. Therefore, it is not at all friendly to anyone not there to party and then crash for the night. I will most certainly not be going back again, and I will warn every single person I meet not to go there.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	2	

<Author>OUTnBOUT
<Content>HAD TO TRY IT ONCE! We decided to stay at the W to give it a try and we stayed in the cool corner room. We had a great view of Victory Park and downtown and loved the room for the most part. I wouldn't recommend going higher than the 5th floor because you will just see the ugly tops of buildings (kind of unattractrive) so the lower the floor, the better, to get a good view of Victory Park. Some problems with our room: big stains on the couches, 3 inch tear in the middle of the sheets (we can be picky at the price we paid) and we were hot at night and the thermostat read 65 degrees and it definitely wasn't that temperature in the room.Your room may have a 42 flat screen TV, but nothing to be excited about because there's no HD programming to support it. The picture on it was horrible.Don't plan on going to the pool and enjoying yourself unless you go early to find 1 of 4 chairs that are outside. There was no where to lay out due to lack of seating!!!!!!! We were so disappointed!!! The pool was not that great!!!!!The staff definitely could have been a lot friendlier. They don't make you feel welcome  don't expect to get the hospitality that you pay for. FYI Overnight parking is expensive  it shows up on your bill without notice of how much it will be.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>moviechic8
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, Excellent Service, Gorgeous Rooms The hotel is beautiful - and the rooms are simply gorgeous with a modern twists. Loved the open bathrooms. I don't think I'll be going to Dallas again anytime soon, but if I do, will definitely stay at the W. Oh, also I received A+ service from the front desk, bellhop and concierge!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Shyyydoggg
<Content>Had Fun On Splurge My 84 year-old dad picked me up at DFW and on a whim I asked if he would mind hanging out with me at one of the newer hotels downtown. I knew one of them had a terrific infinity pool, so stopped by the W Hotel, and that was the one. SO decided to go with whatever they had as far as a suite went, so they gave us a WOW suite on the 14th floor (1401), and it was terrific and terribly expensive ($629) for me. The receptionist gave us complimentary breakfast for 2 since we were having a boys' night out. Dad thought it was silly and fun (though I didn't devulge the cost; told him my boss had given me a bonus, haha). The room was all odd angles, but really bright with floor to ceiling windows and great views of DT Big D and the freeway and industrial area (you have to be from Dallas to even begin to think this is pretty). It was fun just looking at the skyline which seems ever changing with all the building going on in this area. The pool was wonderful, and good stiff drinks at the bar. VERY WINDY, but OK with me. Almost blew my old dad over. Had very good hamburgers in the room and a bottle of red wine for about $60, but breakfast was terrific: eggs benedict and french toast for absolutely free (was about $50 on the menu). Way too much money, but the room was so weird it was cool. Separate bedroom with chase lounge, big bathroom, huge heavy curtains everywhere, big windows, strange sliding wooden doors; i kept getting lost; at least 2 bathrooms; the terrace was HUGE and had this fun round sofa that spun around. Directly across from the American Airlines arena. Gave us late (2:00) checkout without asking. It was a fun mini-vacation that I couldn't afford. I'll do it again sometime.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>shosky
<Content>100% Not Worth It My wife and I stayed at the W for our one year anniversary on June 7th, 2008. We stayed in one of the Spectacular rooms (basic room with a view). The view from our room on the 14th floor of downtown Dallas was great. The room was small, dark and basic. The open bathroom was very small and unexceptional as well. Other than the location and the view, I was disappointed by every aspect of the stay. It was certainly not worth the $400 paid to stay here.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>lifesfortravelling
<Content>Second Time's a Charm A few things have been said in previous reviews about some unfortunate circumstances and I must say that I had experienced some of them during my first stay at the W Dallas. But the place was so suited to my taste that I decided to give them another try and it was well worth the second trip.  As an SPG Platinum member, I was placed both times in a 鈥渕arvelous suite鈥?and this room has got to be among the best of all the W's I've stayed at (and I've stayed at practically every one in the US). In contrast to the stark and cramped early incarnations of W rooms, this suite was extraordinarily spacious, bright, and airy. The gargantuan two-rooms were furnished with ultra comfy velvety sectionals, funky office chairs, and the usual inviting W signature bed. The living room was so huge that it housed a dining room table large enough to accommodate a wedding banquet. Floor to ceiling windows with sweeping city views and streaming sunshine added to the 鈥淲oW鈥?factor. Gadgets are the usual for a swanky ultramodern room including extra large plasma TVs and space-age phones. I found the glass-abundant bath room motif chic and stylish but would have to agree with previous reviewers that the layout leaves little privacy for the occupant and even less to the imagination of roommates and service staff. Best extra-room amenity is the very well kept fitness center with, unlike most hotel gyms, actually enough room, weights, and cardio equipment to support a real exercise routine. A noticeable improvement the second go-around was the service. Door staff were in abundance but minus the attitude and more forth coming with service. Front desk check-in and out was considerably warmer and more efficient. A couple of minor glitches (phone not working, bottle opener missing) were expeditiously addressed and all the while, a Whatever/Whenever agent kept track of the fixes until issues were resolved. Room service was particularly pleasant and the meal scrumptious. All in all a fabulous stay at the W-Dallas that I hope I can experience again in the near future.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CANYDavis
<Content>Enjoyed the W Dallas Victory Stayed at the W Dallas Victory for a business trip recently and thoroughly enjoyed the property. All hotel employees were very friendly and helpful and seemed genuinely interested in making sure you had a fine experience - from the valet at the door to check-in and the concierge.The lobby, while small, is very chic and comfortable and the Living Room bar/lounge is a great place to just relax - have a drink, read the newspaper, get some work done....I did not eat at the restaurant, Craft, but did receive some helpful advice from the concierge on local hot spots.While some have criticized the location in the new Victory Park neighborhood I thought it was great - even if a little early on in the development of this area. Yes there is a lot of construction going on but it was not obtrusive in any way to me. And you can easily see the potential that will eventually exist here. It was also very convenient to just about every other neighborhood in Dallas I thought. AA arena is literally right across the street.Room was spotless and very comfortable - if you are enjoy a more traditional vibe or decor this is probably not the hotel for you. But I really liked the contemporary yet well thought out design of the room. They are not like some trendy hotel rooms that are designed to be cool looking but are ridiculously impractical.The rain shower head was fantastic!Didn't use pool but the pool deck looks great on the 16th floor.Ghostbar was packed following a Stars hockey game - the balcony is a great place to have a drink and enjoy the view of the Dallas skyline.I would definitely stay here again and would recommend the hotel to friends I know would appreciate the vibe. Once again if you are into a more traditonal luxury hotel the W is probably not for you. But if you want contemporary and thoughtful design, business convenience, and a generally hip destination this hotel fits the bill!  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>hockeynut83
<Content>Love the W at Victory Park, Dallas Texas This is one of the finer W's in the Starwood fleet. It is in the center of Victory Park where you will find a number of fine restraurants and next to the AA Center where the Mavericks, Stars and top entertainers perform. The Staff at the W is very accomodating, they take the time to know you and your name. Every bartender, valet and chambermaid was extremely helpful and greeted you with a smile. This is a great stay if you are in the Dallas Area.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mjpalm
<Content>Just Ok and in a major construction zone Not that hip for a W Hotel. Rooms just ok, with views of a highway under construction. Alot of construction in this area, and nothing special except you are smack across the street from AA Center.Ghost Bar on the roof was very tame for a Thursday night, and one would have expected that since the Mav's game across the street had just finished there would be some activity here, NOT.  Have stayed at Crescent Court, Mansion on Turtle Creek and Hotel Zaza. Crescent Court the best out of them all based on hotel experience, location and food choices... Will try Ritz next time around, but so far Crescent Court the best hotel in Dallas in my opinion.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	3	4	3	4	

<Author>shoppergurl
<Content>Not what I had anticipated BUT............ My husband I and stayed a night for our 8th Wedding Anniversary, we used cash and points so the cost $90.00 for a wonderful room. We checked in around 3:45 excited to be in our room, but was not ready. We were greeted with champagne to toast our day though which was nice. The room was not what I expected; very cold and dark was not prepared for the open concept bathroom that awaited us as well. Also you do not have a coffee pot in the rooms you have to request one to be brought up to you, needless to say ours was broken and coffee was everywhere. BUT the story does not end, a few days later I got an online survey to fill out asking about our stay, I was honest and told what our experience was like AND surprisingly I got an email shortly after expressing concern from the W on our hotel stay. We were offered the WOW suite for a very small amount of money and were trying it again, so I will post after we stay again to see if the service and the rooms get better with pictures.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>Vortechx
<Content>Just because you have a reservation doesn't mean they keep a room for you. Showed up on a Tuesday night after a 5 hour flight. When I showed up the front desk staff were busy flirting with girls going to the Ghost Bar. Once they did finally acknowledge me, the front desk guy told me even though they had a reservation and card on file for the past week, they gave my room away to Someone who wanted to extend thier stay. As an apology they sent me to a low rent hotel down the street that normally goes for 1/3 the price and was a step up from a Holiday Inn. When I asked why someone who obviously planned in advance and made reservation would be cast aside in favor of a last minute extension - the front desk guy shrugged and said it was a variety of factors that lead to the move. But refused to provide any of the factors.Net: If you want to ACTUALLY have a room when you arrive - don't go to the W HOTEL.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	2	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>travelnurse53
<Content>Would not stay at the Dallas Victory W again I stayed at the W to treat myself to a lovely downtown hotel with lots of amenities. The rooms and public areas looked like they were assembled with cheap construction and amenities. This is all subdued by the trendy look and lack of lighting. The air conditioning was inadequate. I am a frequent business traveler and Starwood platinum guest. There are no amenities for established Starwood clients. My room was simple with a view of roads, apartments and construction. The Bliss toiletries were nice, but actually looked like they had been used by someone else prior to placement in my room. I made an appointment for a pedicure and was told that I would be charged even if I cancelled. I arrived at my appointment about 10 minutes early. Turned out there was one manicurist/pedicurist on duty. He was busy with another client and was 45 minutes late for my appointment. The only thing luxurious about this hotel is the pricing.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LenaLuna
<Content>Won't Stay there Again Paid for WiFi, but couldn't get a signal in the room. Had to work in lobby restaurant. Had an ironing board, but no iron. Had a soap dish, but no soap. Didn't have an Ipod player in room as advertised, had to wait fo r them to install one. Ran out of toilet paper...had only provided a portion of one...then had to wait a really long time for one new roll! Needed more towels, but not available. Won't stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tlhughes30
<Content>You know what this place is like Booked SPG cash and points, which appears t be quite a bargain (based on the other reviewer's rate info). Indeed, the hotel has a modern/trendy vibe down to the mood lighting and perpetual beat loop on the elevator (that will sometimes follow you to other common hotel areas). Wife and I were upgraded to a 3d flloor balcony room due to Gold membership, upon my perpetual ambiguous (have any upgrade rooms available?) request. Good service, even if you didn't drive onto premises in a Ferrarri. And yes, there were several types like this. Park down the street to the East/South (back toward downtown) and bypass the $26 daily valet. (Scant on street for free). There is also a giant outdoor lot; so long as there is not a game in time, seems a good option for $5 overnight.This area of Dallas has several trendy establishments. Clearly the upper crust lives and plays in this vicinity. Accordingly, we enjoyed our escape. Rainforest shower + free soaps/shampoos were quite enjoyed. Bring your black credit card if you plan to dine at Colichio's Restaurant, order room service, or have more than one cocktail at the silly Ghost Bar.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>steelerfan5
<Content>Should be more helpful Stayed there one Friday night. Hotel staff was very nice but could be more helpful (or knowledgeable?). Had a problem with Ghost Bar (see my separate review). Ghost Bar is not run by the W hotel. That said , I would think a hotel and its staff would be able to assist a guest when a problem does occur since the bar does lease space from them and it even allows guests to charge purchases to the hotel room. It took talking to 4 hotel staff members about contacting the bar on my behalf when I discovered I had left my driver's license at the bar. All staff repeated they did not have a contact name to call except for fire. They even said the problem happens all the time so the bar doesn't even try to help their guests. Finally a different staff member took pity on my situation and emailed the corporate office for the bar as a courtesy. There was no guarantee I would be contacted back before Monday. There should be better communication between the hotel and the bar and I think the hotel could have been more sympathetic to my situation. For the money I spent for one night ($400) I expected them to go to bat for me. I would have been very generous in my appreciation if they could have resolved the problem. Instead, I left with bitter feelings toward the bar and disappointment towards the hotel. The hotel rooms are very dark but I did like the modern decor. Very expensive. Craft restaurant for breakfast was expensive ($44 for 2) but very good. I won't go back.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	1	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>lettergirl40
<Content>W not my cup of tea! My firend and I stayed at The W for our birthday celebration. We stayed on a Thursday night during the Indy Film Festival which was the only hightlight to the stay. We saw Helen Hunt and Josh Brolin at the hotel. Our room was pricey, 459.00. It was a standard room with a great balcony. The bed was comfy....The bathroom was strange..no outlets, so two ladies trying to fix their hair apply makeup, not so good....I did not like the shower..It was a rainfall shower in the middle of the tub so good luck if you are not trying to get your hair wet...Their is no privacy to the shower but a curtain....All I can say is strange.......We tried the Ghostbar and it was mainly a young 20's hangout with techno music......We looked at the pool it was pretty neat but very small sun deck. We had dinner at the Ritz around the corner and to be honest that was more my style. The W was way to hip for me...  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>mhs24
<Content>I'll stay somewhere else next time On the positive side:1. The hotel is very zoomy. 2. The staff are extremely gracious. 3. The room is clean and well kept. 4. The bed is comfortable. On the negative side :1. It's dark. The hallways and my room were dimly lit. The room's walls and carpet are dark charcoal gray--practically black. It's great until I needed to read. The desk lamp was decorative, but not bright. enough to illumniate the work area. I would have loved more light. 2. The AC fluctuations are disruptive. I heard the compressor kick on and off all night long. Someone else mentioned this in a review. I agree completely. 3. I'm not a fan of the bathroom. For $400 (basic room charge inclusive of tax), I'd like a tub, please. Also, the bathroom configuration is odd. If housekeeping opened the front door while I was in the shower, they'd get an eyeful. There is nothing but a glass wall between the shower and the entry hall  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tangleWoody
<Content>Good - but . . . SO I stayed here solo for three nights on a business trip . It is as it says below Uber Cool and Uber pretentious. Having said that :-- The room was a good size- The bed was comfy- The staff were good and attentive- All fixtures, fittings and comp soaps were of good quality- The broadband worked and was not a rip off - The waitresses in the bar were very foxy - The grab and go coffee and muffins in the morning were goodBut :-- There was a super loud aircon unit in a duct by my bed. I can vouch for the fact it went On - Off - On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off -On - Off All night - The bar was pretty priceyWould I stay here again - probably  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>af847
<Content>Love It! Great Hotel This is a great hotel. Sure, it's a little trendy. But it's the W! Get over it people. Anyway, checkin was very smooth and courteous, the hallway leading to my hotel room was fine (no, not too dark; I disagree with the other reviewer) and my room was amazing. Loved all the nice little touches. Watch out for the wine on the tray and the mini-bar area. Ripoff city! But I did get room service for breakfast which was awesome. Bathroom was also a nice touch and I liked the chair by the work desk. Bed was great. I'd stay there again!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Seanerator
<Content>Trendy, chic and excellent       Hotel Bathroom 2  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	1	4	5	4	4	

<Author>beekaybeekay
<Content>Form Before Function The lobby and public areas are beautiful. The hallways where the rooms are located are extremely dark. I thought the lights had gone out on the one of the floors, but every floor the elevator stopped at was like this.The room was set up in a weird way. Right inside the entry you have part of the bathroom: The shower and sink. The toilet is in a separate little room and there is a curtain to close off the bathroom area from the bedroom, but NOT from the front door!This makes if very awkward for two people sharing a room. Two businessmen for example could not have one showering while the other has a guest. You can't even have a husband and wife order room service and let one shower, as there is no way to let the Room Service person come in the room past the see-through shower! Even standing in the doorway, the room service person gets a good look at whoever is in the shower.It's just poorly thought out!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	4	5	5	3	3	

<Author>DallasBob
<Content>Disappointed in W My wife and I decided to go to the first annual MystiQal event at Victory Center last Saturday night. She is a Gold Starwood Elite, and we used points for the stay. The check-in was smooth, the room was nice, but the experience in the lobby bar and the deck for the parade were extremely disappointing. Despite the rates charged for the hotel, the hotel became jam packed with street people, mostly drunk 20-somethings that were obviously not staying at the hotel. The Ghost Bar had an extremely rude doorman trying to control the door as well. I realize it was an attempt at trying to replicate Mardis Gras, and you have to put the stay in perspective, however management did a poor job of thinking this through. Long story short, we paid too much, even if it was points, to have a very mediocre experience. W may want to replace the word wish with over-rated. on the bed pillow.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	3	2	4	

<Author>Kris004
<Content>Staff Ruins the Experience The hotel itself is pretty cool and trendy. However, the staff is extraordinarily rude at the Ghostbar in particular. I agree with several of the prior reviews. I have been there on several occassions. Bouncers threaten patrons regularly, use profanity in dealing with customers, and while the waitresses are usually pretty, most of them lack any sort of service skills. We had bottle service and the waitress we had in particular was rarely seen, never smiled, talked to her friends instead of working, and automatically added a 20% tip. She did next to nothing and had a bad attitude. Trying to talk to the bouncers or manager about the problem only made it worse. After spending over $1000, we were told that we were the problem. Whatever happened to the customer is always right? Rather than realizing they are employees that work at a bar, the management at the W and the Ghostbar allow their employees to operate on this unbelievable power trip. Once you go, you will realize that every door person and bouncer honestly believes they are more important than you -the paying customer. I guess it's our privilege to pay and be allowed in this hotel and bar? It's no wonder this hotel ranks #49 of all hotels in Dallas. It should be in the top 7 or 8, but the service and attitudes ruin it. This hotel will be way down the list when staying in Dallas next time.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>1	2	4	4	3	3	1	3	

<Author>Travelgirl7824
<Content>Too trendy There is a difference between modern and trendy. The hotel is definitely designed for the younger generation of club-goers, not so much middle-aged business professionals. I love modern styles, art, music, so if it's done well, there's nothing better. But (and being in my late 20s) I felt that the hotel put fashion before function. Rooms and halls were darkly lit. For the majority of they day, dance music plays, which would be fine except you can usually here it levels above the lobby at all hours. In sleeping rooms, it wasn't always obvious where closets, electrical outlets, or clocks were. In the Living Room - I had to laugh at the poor girls in tight black tank dresses. Sex sells big here. On a positive note - the Ghost Bar is the hippest spot to be, and the hotel's location is conveniently located across from the American Airlines arena. So, if you come to Dallas to party - this is your place.For those more traditional like myself, they are building a Mandarin Oriental across the street.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	2	3	2	

<Author>ttu94
<Content>No value at all We stayed one night. The rooms are ok but weird. You will be nickled and dimed at every turn. 9 dollars for a bottle of water!! The staff all look and act like they are the models for calvin klein. Just a strange place. I will not be back.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>All_InPK
<Content>So over-hyped! We stayed here one night for our anniversary. I wanted to see it as I had heard so much and had stayed at a W in NY. We live in Dallas area so this was just a get away. The room was ok but furniture looked cheap and I don't like having my bathroom in the same room as my bed! Service was nice and they had a little welcome gift for us which was nice. Loved the pool! That was my favorite thing.Bed was ok but the room was hot and could not get the temp right. The hotel is over-run by 20 somethings and is very loud at night. We were told on check in that we could go up to Ghost Bar at no cost as hotel guests and that our name was on a list. After dinner I wanted to see the bar as it was hyped so much. Well there was no list and they charged my husband $15 for the privilige of going up there, I was free... whoopeee! What a disappointment when we got there. This is just a bar where there is no seating because all the seats and tables are reserved for people who are not there and never showed while we were there. We went out on the see through balcony which was no big deal. The place was so boring we just left after one drink. that was the bummer of the night.I have stayed at the Mansion and Four Seasons and had a much better time, I will just stick with class over trendy, thank you.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>rbc101
<Content>Too Cool. I mean it. This is place is cool. I mean Too Cool in that degenerate LA Wannabe kind of way. Rooms are poorly lit, pretentiously decorated and electrical outlets are hard to find but, hey, who needs electricity? Sorry, I don't need the shower in my bedroom. Redeeming factor - the bed is comfortable. I do not recommend this hotel for middle-aged business travelers.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>kmantexas
<Content>Avoid The W and its Hostile Staff Beautiful rooms, but the worst service ever. We were there for a party in the ballroom and stayed the night. Valet left us standing in the cold, so we carried our own bags upstairs. Not typically a big deal, but we paid a total of $34 for the privilege of parking our car at the hotel overnight. There is no other option--valet only. For $34 they could at least acknowledge us. Bartenders at the party were incompetent; there were long lines, and drinks were not mixed correctly. There was a problem with our bill, and the front desk and one of the managers were very confrontational and hostile. We were very excited to stay at the hotel before we arrived, but we left with a horrible experience that cost us $300 for the night. We tried twice to resolve the issue with the bill, but no one will return a call or an e-mail. Starwood needs to intervene quickly. We won't ever return.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	4	5	1	1	-1	

<Author>angellalalala
<Content>Thoroughly not impressed The hotel is impressive; the rooms are impressive. Everything else was not.Valet service is a joke. They lost our car every single time we went to go pick it up. Room service was horrible, took a hour to get our food on several occasions and every time the food was either cold or just barely warm. The fabulous wall mounted flat panel tv was pretty, but useless. Why have such a great tv if the cable service is deplorable? The people at the front desk were not very friendly.Overall, not impressed with this hotel at all and won't be staying there again. The Cool Corner rooms are impressive, but you pay a lot for them. If you don't have the service to go along with the room, it's just not worth it.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>2	1	5	4	4	3	1	3	

<Author>AngelMel
<Content>A must!!!       The room  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>clj07
<Content>Great Night at the W My husband proposed to me on our stay here. We had a fabulous suite with a large balcony overlooking downtown Dallas. The staff was amazing- bringing us complimentary champagne and chocolates. We dinedat the Craft which had wonderful food and service. The host made sure we made it right up to the Ghostbar afterwards for a celebration. The room was great- my only complaint was the air conditioning unit which was extremely loud and kept me up all night.However- I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Office_Bound
<Content>Overall, a Solid Hotel I have stayed at the W Hotel in Dallas two times in the last few months, both times for one night while traveling on business.All in all, I have been pleased with my two stays and will likely return to this hotel the next time I travel to Dallas for work.The Positives:1. Rooms. They are very comfortable and have a cool feeling to them. Both rooms I've stayed in had 32 in LCD TVs with plenty of channels, very comfortable beds and pillows, and decent bathroom areas.2. Fitness Center. One of the better hotel gyms I have used. They have a full compliment of weight machines, dumbells/benches, and cardio equipment. All of the equipment is very new (along with the hotel itself) and is in good working condition. If you like to work out, you won't be disappointed.3. Service. Both times I checked in, it was very quick and painless. One touch that I won't soon forget was that they provide you with a card to write down your last name and flight record locater. They will then check you in for your flight and deliver a printed boarding pass to your room. So simple, yet very helpful. A nice little touch that went a long way. Maybe other hotels are doing this, but this was the first time I have come across it.The Negatives:1. Price. As other reviewers have noted, the prices are a little steep. Even though I was pleased with both of my stays, I would probably not stay here if i was paying out of my own pocket. I believe you can find better values in the Dallas area.2. Location. This depends on a few things. If you are going to an event at the AA center, it could not be any more convenient. It's directly across the street. If you're not attending an event at the AA center, but there is one going on, traffic can get a little hectic in the area. Also, the first time I stayed there, i arrived at 8:45 PM. By the time I was ready to have dinner (just after 9:00), my options were very limited as many places had already closed (this was a Thursday night). If it's not a game night at the AA center, it is a little lonely in the area after 9:00 PM.3. Showers. Two things I don't like about the showers. One, there's no door or curtain on them, so if you have the air conditioning on in the room, the opening lets that cool air into the shower. Two, the shower heads are the rain heads that provide a lot of water, but no concentrated stream. I might be in the minority, but I'm not a fan of this style. 4. A little too cool. This one depends on who you ask. It is a W and I guess this is how it's supposed to be. I'm a relatively young guy (33), but to me, this place comes across as trying too hard to be cool. Things such as putting you on the guest list to get into the Ghost Bar and making it seem like it's a huge deal, very mirrored and dark hallways and elevator banks that can be a little disorienting, showers without a door (see above) are all touches that some people might appreciate and others just be annoyed by. I'm somewhere in the middle.In summary, my two stays have been very enjoyable and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend the hotel. Just know, this is a W and you get all that goes along with that.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>thekld
<Content>Fantanstic, Fun and Trendy Hotel       W Dallas Victory - Room View 2  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>travelbugChicago
<Content>Amazing Personal Service I can not tell you how impressed I was with the level of service this hotel and its staff exhibited during my unexpected one night stay. My flight into Chicago was seriously delayed and having passed the W numerous times through Dallas, I thought Why not? I have always love the W Hotel's themes and accomodations. I even got married at one! While our bags continued on to Chicago, we checked in, and immediately upon explaining our situation to the front desk, we had toothpaste, toothbrushes, hair brushes, a comb, deodorant, and more brought immediately to our room. Not to mention a serious upgrade to a corner room that overlooks the AA Center and downtown Dallas. (a Junior Suite) They even gave us complimentary W T-Shirts to sleep in. They also arranged for their car service (which works from 6-9 PM within a 3 or so mile radius) to come pick us up and take us to Target for extras.The pool (roof) is amazing. Sort of like an infinity pool. Workout room very spacious and entire hotel CLEAN. The Ghost Bar is atop this large complex which also includes residences.Having been to 3 other W's and numerous Starwoods, I must say, so far this is my favorite! They also have a great AAA rate so ask if you are a member.Again, all I can say is WOW to the W!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sheen25
<Content>No real W flavor here This hotel is just bland. It is nice place, but there is nothing real signature about it as I have come to expect from W hotels. Staff are ok. Building is a tall high rise in Dallas; that's it. It's all very nice, but it doesn't really feel like a W experience because there is nothing really memorable about the experience (other than the truffle mac n cheese from service). You just don't really feel anything neat about staying here.... you just several hundred a night to stay here and it is kind of blah. Oh and the Dallas crowd just sucks; it is like a real bad version of West LA. We have gotten spoiled by much cooler W's around the country and world.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>dirkygirl14
<Content>Nice hotel, but overpriced. The hotel itself is nice, but very expensive for what it is. Our concierge was very nice and helpful, and the room was awesome. We stayed there because of how close it is to the American Airlines Center, and that was great.What wasn't great was the ridiculous price I had to pay for Valet, and the fact that the person who took my car when we showed up told me a completely different price from what I ended up paying. The wait for our car was also suspect, especially when someone with a more expensive car shows up. And the attitude we got from security on a Saturday night when we tried to valet our car to get to our room was also uncalled for. It also doesn't help that the valet company the hotel uses is an independent company unaffiliated with the hotel.Overall, our stay was pleasant. The staff were very helpful and nice, and we enjoyed our room.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rsp1
<Content>Better than average W hotel with great restaurant and bar I have stayed at a number of W hotels with widely variable experiences. The W Dallas is definitely on the better end of the spectrum.The hotel is relatively new, very clean and had well-furnished and designed rooms. There were plenty of outlets, a large flat-screen TV and internet that worked as promised. Room service was prompt and accurately delivered (note - why is it normally so difficult to get proper ice coffee in the South?). The bed is very comfortable and even though I was on a high floor (close to the top floor club) I had no problems with noise. The bathrooms are also well furnished.Most surprising for a W was that I experienced excellent service. Faxes and car valet were promptly delivered and wakeup calls/room service occurred when scheduled. Further, the receptionist offered an upgrade based on my Gold SPG status. The Craft restaurant downstairs was excellent and the club was busy (this on a Tuesday night).I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>cleolily
<Content>Great Hotel if you're 21 This W Hotel is even more pretentious and geared towards 20 year olds then the slightly more sophisticated W in San Francisco or Chicago that's I've been to. The pool is tiny and a huge disappointment, and on the day we were there it was a mixture of pounding techno music mixed with random kids splashing around with their parents and the staff allowing them to take over the pool. (I'm amazed the W allows kids to run around there)The Ghostbar: super trendy filled with pretentious Dallas people. Drinks on my tab and friends' tabs were inaccurate. Everything at this hotel is overpriced for what you get. The bed was o.k. but not great, and the bedding looked old.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	3	2	2	3	1	

<Author>scrateef
<Content>W: 2 Kool 4 U If you could turn a hip nightclub into a hotel, you鈥檇 have the W Dallas Victory Hotel. The W is a beautifully designed addition to Dallas鈥?growing skyline. Located just on the edge of downtown (at Victory), it鈥檚 walking distance to the American Airlines arena and in the middle of tons of new development. The property oozes 鈥渃ool鈥?with its smartly dressed staff, good-looking guests, swanky downstairs lounge, Bliss spa (with an incredible indoor/outdoor pool somewhere around the 15th floor), and W-themed rooms. Still, most of these cool features are to the hotel鈥檚 detriment. So many of the pretty guests were awful to be around. The lounge is a pulsating den of drunk people screaming over the tunes that the DJ spins, and you鈥檒l see that many of these people are locals, not guests, who come to hang out. At the top of the hotel is Ghost bar, which is a study in design gone wrong and people gone 鈥渨ronger.鈥?The staff (not the W鈥檚 own) are rude, the guests are obnoxious, and the service is slow. The lines for the elevators that take you up to the bar invade the lobby, and people sometimes wait for hours to get through them. The bar does give you some nice views of the city, and the DJs are probably Dallas鈥?best, so if you鈥檙e into music, it鈥檚 worth checking out. We spent two nights at the W and left in a hurry. The rooms are clean, cute, and well designed. The views of Dallas are great, and most of the staff is nice. Sadly, none of that can make up for the guests. Both nights, we were awakened at about 2:30 a.m. by partiers hanging out in the hallways or their rooms. Security was quick to respond both times, but once I鈥檓 awakened by people screaming outside my room, I鈥檓 up! I spoke to the manager on duty, and she was sympathetic. She said that they鈥檝e been battling noise problems since the hotel opened, but clearly they鈥檙e not doing anything to stem late-night disturbances. The manager deducted $200 from our 2-night bill, but we still paid too much for 2 sleepless nights.I can honestly say that if I were 15 years younger, I鈥檇 be in love with the atmosphere at the W. But at the ripe age of 34, I couldn鈥檛 be persuaded to stay there again. The rooms are nice, new, and clean, but the clientele are inconsiderate, and the hotel is too concerned with its being perceived as cool to do anything about the nightclub mentality that pervades everything onsite.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>1	2	4	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>Gr8Traveler
<Content>WARNING for visitors! WARNING for visitors to the W Hotel who are planning on having dinner at Craft and valet parking your vehicle. Craft is over priced for the mediocre food. For the price (upwards to $98 for kobe steak), I would expect to be served with a beautiful presentation, BUT this restaurant serves their meals family style... think mash potatoes and green beans being passed around the table during thanksgiving. The table shares the salad, main course and dessert.The major warning is the W Hotel's valet parking. BE CAREFUL when handing your keys to the valet. Our valet, while driving our car, was involved in a wreck. The valet would not tell us that the car was involved in an accident. We had to ask where our car was and that was when they finally told us what happended. The manager and his valet walked away from our car and would not help or take responsibility, although we entrusted our vehicle to them. Eventhough the valet was DRIVING our car, they acted as if we were behind the wheel and left it to us to exchange info with other driver, call the tow truck, etc.The W Hotel will not take responsibility, blaming the restaurant. The restaurant will not take responsiblity, blaming the valet. The valent will not take responsiblity, blaming the other driver.If you go to the W Hotel, hope that nothing happens to you, because they will just turn their back and ignore it. Better yet, avoid the W and the over-priced family style restaurant with high prices.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>travelgirl96
<Content>See and Be Seen This hotel is a total scene. That being said, it was surprisingly down-to-earth as far as the staff. One of the best check-in/check-out that I have ever experienced. W Hotels are not really known for the staff being nice - they are more like model/actors waiting for their big break.Lobby/bar areas are beautiful and spare.The hallways are super creepy, dim, and the mirror at the end of the hallway gave me a bit of a start until I realized it was my reflection (haha).Room was wonderful and very spacious. The bed, the rain showerhead, flat-screen plasma tv could not be beat. The view from my room was on construction, but not a big deal.The valet was HORRIBLE. They were friendly, nice, and helpful, BUT I waited over a half hour for my car at a slow time (930pm), and at check out, I called ahead and still waited 20 minutes and that was late as well (1230pm).  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>kawititnow
<Content>Great Hotel in the W Dallas - Victory Park I stayed this past weekend for my bachelor party and our hotel experience for the most part was excellent. We booked a Cool Corner Suite and was not let down. It was a little smaller than I anticipated, but it worked out for everyone. The door staff was awesome and really helpful. Upon unloading our vehicle they had noticed that we had bought some adult beverages and told us that we had to conceal it, or they wouldn't let us in with it. They were cool in that they helped us conceal it and make sure that we got it up to the room. They also helped us make reservations for typical bachelor party establishments and allowed us access to the hotel SUV rather than calling for a cab.Later on we came back and went to the Ghostbar. We were told 2 people per room could get in without paying (I assumed free). When I got the bill the next morning I saw there was a $30 Ghostbar charge, and come to find out we were charged $15 per person, instead of the normal $20 cover charge. I was pretty disappointed by this as I was led to believe by the check-in staff that it was free.The Ghostbar is awesome with tons of beautiful people. The service is good and the people never really seemed snotty or stuck-up. We will definitely go back to the Ghostbar the next time we are in town, likely to be OU/TX weekend.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Alison_Chains
<Content>W Hotel Dallas       Living room Bar  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>beautyqueen18
<Content>Great hotel!! I loved staying in the W it was beautiful very close to downtown and very modern. I guess I understand why older people dont like it as much as younger people do, but i recommend it to everyone!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TLWhite
<Content>The least impressive 'W Hotel' in the US. We stay at all Starwood properties when we travel and have stayed in most of the W Hotels across the country. Although the hotel lobby is beautifully decorated and the service is above standard, the Dallas crowd at this hotel left us feeling like we had crashed a bachelorette party for a few hundred of Britney Spears best friends. This is definitely a hotel to 'be seen in' for Dallas-ites and the loud, techno music and scantilly clad guests weren't quite what we were looking for for our anniversary getaway. If you're in your early twenties and like to party, this is the hotel for you! If you're used to the smooth and sexy, more sophisticated W Hotels on the West Coast, you'll be very disappointed in this property. PS. You might want to bring a flashlight to maneuver the hallways to your room!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>sngcanary
<Content>Neat hotel, but we had some issues I am a corporate travel agent and I love good hotels. I was very excited to stay at the W Dallas Victory. Unfortunately, it did not live up to my expectations.We arrived and entered the lobby. The girl that checked us in was great! She was very friendly and not snobby at all. (We didn't exactly look like the cream of society, having been bird watching all day) When she was taking information from me the music was so loud she kept having to have me repeat myself. She said she always had problems with it and the later it got the louder it got. She did give me some recommendations on food and told me about the bars.We went up to our room, which was a very odd set up. As others have said, you walk through the bathroom to get into the main part of the room. I found that a bit off putting. The bathroom is very nice, but.... The bath is also open onto the room, though there are drapes you can draw. That didn't appeal to me at all. The sleeping part of the room was really nice. The bed was great, with wonderful pillows. There was a really nice chaise lounge and a plasma screen tv. I did notice that the duvet looked like a cat had walked across it, picking some of the threads with its claws. We had trouble with a lot of noisy partyers on our floor. Also,we are early to bedders, and at about 11PM there was a knock on our door. My husband answered it and someone said they had the pillow we had asked for. We didnt ask for a pillow. The final blow was when we went to check out. We had valet parked the car and they couldnt find my key! It took about 20 minutes to get the car. Over all the location is good. I like the chic modern style and the staff was very nice. I think that we were just there on a bad night, but I will have a hard time recommending this hotel to my clients.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	5	5	2	-1	

<Author>rantinpe
<Content>Very hip but watch out for that glass door in the bathroom I liked the W very much. I liked the color change of The Living Room bar and the drinks were very tasty, although a bit expensive but it is a W. There was also a free laptop connected with wi-fi for use in the lobby, which was very handy for me since I forgot my laptop adaptor at home. There were a few odd details about the place:1) My cover sheet was kind of shredded - not like big giant gaping holes but the stitching was definitely coming out like maybe a cat had jumped on it. Which was odd, considering the hotel's attention to detail and the fact that it is not very old.2) The glass wall that separates the shower from the sink left me bruised on the top of my head. It is very thick glass.3) The pool on the 16th floor has a very thorough set of rules of what can be done and what can not be done in the pool, including no blowing of your nose. Useful - yes. Annoying - definitely. Also, I would think the pool on the other side of the landing would have been a better place for it - instead of a view of Downtown Dallas, you get a view of the highway and a construction zone.Overall, I would definitely stay there again and it will be a lot nicer once the construction is done next to the hotel.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>UTAustin
<Content>Dallas Crowd, Marginal Rooms If you're looking to see and be seen by other Dallas people who are also hoping to see and be seen, you'll feel right at home staying in the W. The crowd in the lobby was laughably or smartly dressed depending on your perspective. In either case it was distinctively Dallas.The W complex strives to be an 眉ber-trendy hotel-gone-night-club. A slew of color-kinetic lights illuminate the lobby walls and also rise from the floor. An aggressive soundtrack of piped in techno music floods the public areas of the hotel. After a while in the hotel it became clear that the same songs play over and over. It's a miracle people working in the hotel don't go crazy listening to the overly loud soundtrack.If you're looking for a quiet retreat or a relaxed getaway, this is not the place. On the other hand, if you're looking for a wild bachelorette party or a place to party after a concert, the W might be for you.The room I had looked like it was straight out of a reality series on Bravo. The paint colors were trendy and the furnishings were modern. However, they were showing signs of age and wear. The faux-ostrich headboard and suede curtain dividing the room into bathroom and bedroom seemed over the top. The comforter on the bed was worn enough that if made me wonder just how many people had been on it before me. Surprisingly the W signature bed was marginal at best. I wouldn't have thought that the Hilton signature bed would eclipse the W's. However, this bed, didn't compare to Hilton's bed.The hotel also sports a whatever, whenever theme. All of the signs, messages, etc., in the building appear to have been thought out by some ad agency going for an edgy theme designed to make the hotel seem cool. Maybe I'm a cynic but it reminded me of a bad high school yearbook theme.The bright spot of the hotel was the staff. Everywhere you went you were greeted by warm and helpful hotel employees. The front desk staff was extremely friendly and efficient. The live wake-up call was really nice. Plus, when I scheduled it (for an early hour) the were kind enough to ask if I needed a back-up call 15 minutes later. (I did).The pool deck is worth seeing. It's a two-story deck 16 some-odd stories in air in the middle of a 30 some-odd story building. The open deck and gravity pool are quite unique. Now, a word for those who are wrapped up in the Dallas Scene. If you're young and enjoy dressing up, instead of down at the end of the day, you'll love this hotel. It's probably a perfect fit. If, on the other hand, your parent's are looking for a place to stay, this is most likely not the way to go.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>hartss
<Content>Enjoyed the W - it's not your father's hotel! The last couple of reviews are really off base in my opinion. This place is not for everyone - let's get that out of the way. It is hyper-modern, and yes, the rooms and hallways are painted a dark color. So what, it works! Very dramatic effect.The lobby is like a really cool movie set, and has very different feelings at night and in daytime. The guy who checked me in could not have been nicer, a really pleasant fellow who was not in the least bit snobby. The doormen and every other staff member I encountered were unfailingly pleasant and polite, always with a smile and a hello.The elevators have piped in music. The hallways are dark but not in a dangerous way. Maybe other posters are exaggerating a bit? I was upgraded to a Spectacular View King on a higher floor. It was a big room, with the bathroom just inside the entrance, tiled in charcoal gray. The shower was great, and the Bliss toiletries are very nice - worth bringing home. There was a big plasma, a nice sized desk and a big, comfortable backless sofa in front of the window. But the highlight for me was the bed - wow was it comfortable, even better than the Westin Heavenly Bed. You will not want to get out of bed in the morning. Best.Bed.Ever. Oh, as for the hidden electrical outlets, there are two behind the TV and one in the base of each nightstand lamp. So what is the issue, people? The wake up call was a live person, always a nice touch, and she was on time for the firs and follow-up and was very pleasant.Also pleasant was my server in the bar restaurant, Tara. She was very sweet and very efficient. That was nice after a long and delayed flight. Valet parking was fine, unlike other posters' experiences. Just call down from the room before you need the car.Altogether, a very nice experience. I will return when next in the Big D.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TexasTandE
<Content>Wonderful Improvements! After staying here last February when the hotel was new, I thought it needed to make some improvements. After staying here again this month (June) I think the improvements are awesome! Check-in was a breeze, getting a hotel car to a special event was very easy thanks to the very capable and most accomodating Concierge, Eloy. This guy goes over and above to make guests happy! Room service was perfect, great bar service, wonderful food - everything was top-notch!The staff there is exceptionally friendly, and that really makes the hotel extra-special. I think this is the place to stay in Dallas!!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>713BizTravler
<Content>Anywhere but here If you like Dark, Gay and Cheap at very high prices, you will love this place. However if you want a what a $400 room should get you, go somewhere else. This place is a ripoff. At $89 a night I would have rather stayed in a Motel 6.The $400 room was not large, the walls were dark gray almost black with dark carpeting. To get any light you have to open the curtains on the smaller than normal window all the way. The shower is separated from the bedroom by a curtain, yes a curtain -- no wall or door. The hallways are so dark it feels like you are in a cave. I kept waiting for someone to jump out and mug me.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	4	4	1	

<Author>mkgesq
<Content>Skip This Place When in Dallas (for business) I always stay at the Grand Hyatt at the Airport (one of my favorite hotels to date - don't laugh - it is a first rate hotel and perfect for business travelers). However, I thought I would try this place since it is fairly new. What a waste of time and money. Wish I would have read the not so great reviews prior to my stay - they were all spot on! First, location is totally awkward. Second, the place is run by a completely amateur staff. Young kids have been clearly hired for their alleged hipness but the simple things - directions, printing boarding pass, check-in - seemed a bit beyond this crew's capabilities. Conceriege seemed totally perplexed that we were asking for help. As one previous reviewer said, this place is trying way too hard to be hip and cool and in doing so, it is actually just quite humorous to see all these people taking themselves so seriously as they pretend to know how to work in a hotel.Ghost Bar is OK but no real views to speak of. Room layout, as one previous reviewer indicated, is completely odd. Good luck finding electrical outlets for a hair dryer - none in the bathroom area. Hint - look behind the LG flat screen TV. Also, for such a new hotel, I was shocked at how run down it appears to be already. Furniture looks like they picked it up at a Wal-Mart clearance sale. Its all nicked and cheaply made and doesn't at all fit with decor. Rugs in halls and rooms are already worn. Take a pass on this place. Check out the Grand Hyatt at the airport instead - you won't be disappointed!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	1	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>DFWMidCities
<Content>Exceeded Expectations I would say that the W Hotel 鈥淓xceeded Expectations鈥? A little snobby yet professional, welcoming, and so close to American Airlines Center that makes it the place to stay if you want to stay in town for a Stars or Mavs game. Everyone tried hard to please. Compared to the W鈥檚 in Chicago and NYC I have frequented, the Dallas W has a ways to go to get its own personality. Our room was a corner WOW suite with a balcony w/ sofa. Very nice. No dramas getting into the Ghostbar although we could not figure out what the 鈥渂ig鈥?deal was once there as there are plenty of places to see and be seen in Dallas and drink overpriced cocktails.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>DavidAtlanta
<Content>Best Ever Hotel Experience! My only other experience with the W is in Atlanta at Perimeter Center and while the service is nice, the rooms are only mediocre. The W Dallas Victory was one of the best hotel experiences ever! This has surpassed the Ritz Carlton as far as room features, service, and price. Everyone I interacted with was nice and personable. I truly appreciated everything that was done for me (dry cleaning, room service, luggage handling) and I can't wait to go back.Thank you to everyone there! You are the best and your service is unmatched!  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>erinbrooke
<Content>Dont waste your money! my boyfriend and i thought we picked out maybe one of the best hotels in dallas to stay for his 21st birthday for one night but sadly we were wrong.. first off the hotel has pretty nice things inside i have to say but the service was horrible...it strarted off they told us about the ghost bar and their swimming pool and we were pretty excited.. when we first got there the valet was stand right outside of the front door and seemed really nice at first i gave them a $20 tip and.. usually always did i went inside to check in which it was not crowed but took a long time to check in finally they kept talking about the ghost bar and saying how we have to go. we finally got into our room which was nice and had a pretty view, we stayed in a wonderful room. we got all dressed to check out the pool because we saw all these cool pictures of it online we finally went up to the top floor to check it out and they never informed us the pool was having some type of construction going on the and pool had no water in it... we went down stairs to ask what was going on the the front desk said they had no idea about the pool being like this and they would give us a late check out till 2:00 the next day so we could swim before we left and we finally were okay with that so we went back up to the room and saw some snacks in the room we called the front desk to ask how much the snack were or if they had something in the room that said it well they told us since it was his bday the snacks and all the beverages in the room would be free so we ended up of course eating some a getting a few drinks then we down to the ghost bar and dressed up pretty nice... but my bf ended up bring some flip flops which i dont know but they were okay looking ones and his outfit still looked pretty nice when we got down there his name was on this list for his bday to have a couple of free drinks they ended up not even letting us in the bar bc of the shoes... which there was barely anyone in there and they were not really bad.. they told us it was a casual dress code but to at least wear a dress shirt which he did and i dressed up.so we never got to do that bc of the flip flops then the food and drinks turned out not to be free so they lied and never opened the pool the next day either and made us leave by 12 the valet men i noticed alot went through my car bc my glove box was open and i noticed alot of my stuff on my car was out all in the front seat... i guess the tip wasnt good enough! They also seemed to have run up my bfs credit card $300 extra dollars right before we left saying we ended up no getting the special deal they had going on for memorial day which they said would go on a few days after that day guess it didnt...  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	1	5	1	1	-1	

<Author>CMontell
<Content>Very cool but weird The hotel was very cool and modern, however the set up of the room was weird. You have to go through the bathroom to get to the door and they're is no door for the bathroom. This can be a problem. If someone is in the shower and room service comes they have go through the bathroom to get to the bedroom. This is very weird. The staff was great. They forgot to do somthing I requested and they went aboveand beyond to fix the problem,  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	2	4	3	2	4	4	3	

<Author>kevin73737
<Content>Amazing Hotel - Be careful though... I stayed in the WOW suite ($599.00 per night) and it was amazing. The view was the best part. The 158 sq. foot baclony overlooks the American Airlines Center. The rooms are nice, but definitely could be nicer given the price.The Good: The Hotel is very hip and trendy. Friendly staff. I was escorted to my room. Great pool even though it should face the opposite direction towards Dallas. The bed was very comfortable and the showers were nice. The Bad: The price...WAY TOO EXPENSIVE. It's not worth it. I'd pay $400 maybe for what I had. You have to be very very careful about what your final charge will be. They nickle and dime you to no end! Everything is overpriced. My room was $599 and my final bill was over $800!!!! I got a room, a beer, and some jelly beans and next thing I know I get an $800 charge. Absolutely insane. I will not stay there again to be honest.Helpful tips: Don't tip the valet until after you check out ($24 overnight). Bring your own alcohol. Hide it in your luggage. Don't eat anything at the hotel or in the room!!! Don't touch anything that has a seal on it or you'll get charged. Be prepaired to pay much much more in taxes for the room. There's a list a mile long of different taxes. USE A CREDIT CARD! NOT A DEBIT CARD! If you use a debit card to pay, they will pre-authorize your account with a very very large amount of money (my room $599, they authorized $840). They say it's to cover any incidental damage if needed. They won't tell you any of this when you check in. Overall, the hotel was very nice and my guests has a great time. I won't be going back there until I'm a multi-millionaire without a care in the world about what I'm charged. If you don't know to ask something, they won't tell you so keep reading these reviews. On a scale of 1 to 10, I give it a 6.Bottom line: If you're filthy rich, this is the place for you.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>3	1	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>gigilaw
<Content>Very nice! Great Hotel! Very different. Clean and friendly staff. Will return.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Kanto_Dave
<Content>Definatly Different       Daytime view from my balcony  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>iamcrispydammit
<Content>W Victory: Pleasant Surprise       chandeliers in The Living Room (lobby bar)  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PLANEMAN10
<Content>W for Wonderful! The W Hotel in Dallas Victory Park is awesome! from the moment we arrived we were treated like celebrities. We had received prior to our visit an email asking the purpose of our trip. I mentioned we were going to Dallas from California to celebrate our 27th wedding anniversary on April 6th. When we arrived at the front desk they were very friendly and professional. They handed me a card welcoming us to the hotel and offering complimentary valet parking. I had reserved a standard room. The Lobby is hip and very upscale, the general colors are soothing and chic. All the staff were always pleasant and polite. We went up to our room and were surprised that we had been upgraded to a suite, room 1401, stunning views of Dallas modern skyline on one side, and on the other side of the ultra large balconey the American Airline Arena. The room was ultra modern, luxurious and just beautiful. It was large, the size of a loft or an apartment and furnished with top of the line flat screens, two, one in the living room and one in the bedroom. The room had beer, champagne, salsa, and chips to help us celebrate our anniversary with our friends. It had two bathrooms stocked with Bliss spa products.and 4 robes. The living room had an extra large modular grey L shaped suede couch. The dinner area had a large table with 6 white leather chairs. The bedroom had a chaise with magazines and books for a soothing reading spot overlooking the downtown skyline. The bed was wonderful! We went to dinner and returned with around 15 friends and relatives and had room to spare, they are all from Dallas and were impressed with the cool and hip suite. We also found more goodies and chocolates had been sent to our suite. I have traveled the world and stayed in many hotels. But I will tell you this by far was the best stay we have ever had. Their attention to detail is unmatched. A true jewel for Dallas, Dallas should be very proud because the W' Hotel Victory Park Dallas has a WOW and HIP factor that delivers. Bravo to the staff and the manager!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Love-to-wander-Mom
<Content>Birthday fun at the W We stayed at the W Hotel for my birthday and had a very nice visit. I had read some negative reviews earlier so I contacted the hotel directly and they assured me with 2 phone conversations that they opened last summer and have now worked out the original issues.We checked in about 3:30 pm and were given the suite I had booked 3 months earlier. We had a WOW suite (#1401) which in on the north end of the hotel so it has a fabulous view of American Airlines Center and all the large electronic boards in Victory Park. (If fact on Sunday, American Airlines Center aired the entire Stars game on the large monitor so we sat in our room eating yummy takeout from nearby Luna de Noche for brunch at the suite's dining room table and watched the game.)The suite is over 1000 square feet and has 2 complete baths, a large room with a sectional couch that seats 6-7, a chair, a dining room table with 6 chairs and a desk with a chair. There is a very large Flat Screen TV mounted over the desk that was great for watching DVDs (bring your own) or regular TV. Two sides of this large room are floor-to-ceiling windows so the view is great. (Drapes close to make the room dark enough to feel like a movie theater.) There is a 150 square foot adjoining terrace with a couch out there. It was fun to stand on the terrace and look directly down on Victory Park and watch the people come and go from the games at American Airlines Center.The separate bedroom is nice size with more windows (but you hear no traffic because you are so high up), a chaise lounge and another wall-mounted TV with DVD. The bed is like a Westin heavenly bed so it was very comfy. The bathtub is nothing special but was good enough. The room had the Bliss sinkside 6 which is 6 of Bliss' most famous products so that was extra nice. (In fact the suite had 1 set of 6 in each bath so I had plenty to take home for future trips.) (If you are staying at the W you are entitled to 20% off all Bliss products in the Bliss spa on the 16th floor.)The room did have gray-blue paint on some walls and I can see how some people would find that bit dark and dull but we didn't have a problem with that due to all the great windows. The furniture is modern but still comfortable. There is a mini-refrig, a safe and 2 closets in the room too.The only issue we had was that we had to call a couple times for the staff to pick up some trash bags that we had left outside our door after we cleaned up after a small party. Perhaps no one does that from 2 am to 8 am? We called again and they came pretty quickly. We just didn't want our neighbors complaining about trash in the hall.Overnight Valet is $24 and it did take a bit of time to get our car out but it was Saturday night about 11:30 pm and lots of people were coming to Ghostbar (their trendy club on the 33rd floor). I mentioned that at checkout and they took it off my bill so that made the 30-35 minute wait acceptable. Be sure to walk around the hotel and see the BLISS spa on the 16th floor (I had a wonderful manicure there and they have a steam room, shower and quiet room), the Larry North workout room SWEAT (where we saw Dallas Cowboy quarterback Troy Aikman working out) and Ghostbar on the 33rd floor (cover is free for women and $20 for men). You really should go walk on the glass terrace that sticks out over the sidewalk where you can look straight down 33 floors. It is very cool. You can go from 8 pm to 10 pm before the crowd or later when it is busy and people-watch. There is also a very nice lounge/bar on the ground floor by the checkin desk with comfy couches and the 5 star CRAFT restaurant (from NYC) is on the lobby floor too.We didn't try room service so we can't comment on that. (The chocolate cake sent up by the general manager for my birthday was very good so we can recommend that.) The pool was closed for temporary repairs on our visit but usually it is open and it is very unique and cool for it is on the 16th floor which is in the middle with the W building: the bottom 1/2 of the building (floors 1 to 15) is the hotel and the top 1/2 of the building is the condos (floors 17-32).Overall, the W Dallas is a very nice place. The staff is young like the other reviewers mentioned but we found them to be very friendly and helpful. FYI: We brought our 2 small children and no one ever stared at us or acted unfriendly. Granted most guests are under 30 with no kids but you could bring your kids here is you wanted to.More and more restaurants are opening in the area so it will just be easier and easier to stay down there and walk around and not need a car. House of Blues is coming soon and Dick's Last Resort, Luna de Noche and Hooters are open now. We recommend this hotel for a special Dallas weekend with modern accents. I live in the area and I don't know of any other hotel like this in Dallas.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>luxuryhound
<Content>Too cool for school! The W in Dallas is trying far too hard to be cool and in doing so has lost the art of customer service. On arrival there were gaggle of porters in shirt sleeves and it was very difficult to determine who was actually the porter and who the guest.We were eventually checked in and taken to our room. When we asked about the pool it was not mentioned that is closed for maintenance. We discovered that when we changed into our costumes and made our way to it to be told by a mildly disinterested spa receptionist that it is closed for several weeks.We had been recommended to try the top floor cocktail bar - we never found it though! Finding some breakfast was another challenge. The information in the room looks oh so cool but actually tells you nothing!Each time we visited the concierge desk we found the occupant deep in a telephone conversation that had to be interupted to deal with guests. On check out we wanted to know which terminal we needed at the airport. The internet was down but reluctantly the occupant of the desk called the airport for us.The room was small and the air conditioning so loud in the first room that we asked to be moved. It was marginally better in the second room but when we turned it off it continued to roar all night - ensuring that this hotel keeps it cool in every sense of teh word!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>jackindallas
<Content>Valet Service Lacks Class We have eaten at Craft at the W more than 6 times over the past 3 months. It's a great place to eat. The food and service is excellent. The problem has been the last two times we have eaten there, the Valet Captain has been extremely rude. We like to eat at Craft before the Mavericks basketball game. When doing so, it makes sense to park at the W, eat at Craft and walk over to the game. The Valet captain went out of his way to tell us it would cost $100 to valet our vehicle if we did not move it before the game. I always tip $20 for valet. I don't feel the Valet Attendents or Valet Mgt. need to hassle guests of the hotel and Restaurant (Craft) for good paying customers. These guys are extremely arrogant and should be happy with $20 tips. Beware if they try and make you pay $100 to valet your vehicle.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ccminc
<Content>Great places for the trendy I will have to say I was a little worried going and spending the money for a hotel that had a lot of bad reviews, but after going I was glad I went. The hotel is very trendy, if your looking for traditional do not stay at the W. I found the service to be great, I used the valet and had no problems getting my car or having to wait for an extended time frame. Now if you came about 10:30 P.M. on a weekend and tried to leave after the ghostbar closed I could see having to wait a long time. The rooms were great, I loved the open glass shower and had no complaints with water presure. The whole hotel was filled with georgous people, never seen so many all in one place before. I had a wonderful time there and am looking forward to returning and trying one of their Wow rooms.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>westexas
<Content>A Little too Minimalist for comfort I guess it was hip and we are not-but the minimalist look got in the way of comfort in so many ways. The lobby was freezing, the room was so hip there were no drawers for our clothes, the guest services book-was not a book but little cards that were hard to read. The one on the gym (Sweat) did not give any info. Finding Sweat was impossible without calling and asking for directions. However, once there it was truly great. The shower was cool to look at but the one head is in the ceiling and just rains straight down-no tub and no doors. With valet parking basic room was $400-- they charge an additional $11 bucks a day for wireless service-- come on how cheezy is that. Enjoyed Craft, the waiters were great- not at all too hip. Food was excellent and service was relaxed but efficient. When this place becomes unhip it is in trouble, because there is little in the way of comfort and convenience- high priorities for these travelers.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	5	3	3	1	

<Author>78traveler
<Content>Good stay, guess I am just not a W person I stayed here for a business meeting. I had never been at a W Hotel before and I have to be honest, I never will again. As a woman traveling alone on business, I found the BLACK walls and VERY dim light in the hallways quite scary. The mirrors at the end of the hallways made it look like EXACTLY like the Twilight Zone Tower of Terror ride in Disney World. I had a nice room, but again the walls were BLACK and the lighting was so dim. It also took me FOREVER to find a socket to plug the hair dryer into since the socket plates were also black on a black wall. I will say that the staff was very friendly and helpful, however I was totally out of my element. I am not into hip and trendy hotels. If you like the nightclub scene this is the place for you. But I think next time I will pass.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thora777
<Content>great W experience I stayed at the W Dec 17 for 3 days, and really enjoyed it. I had a wonderful room with all the W goodies (Bliss products, flat screen tv, etc) and the signature bed, which was great. The overall vibe of the hotel is very trendy and cool, lots of celebrities and people w/money, but I still felt very comfortable as the staff is amazingly welcoming and friendly. I loved Craft resturant-killer food, and the Bliss Spa is awesome-the girls up there are dolls! Treated me like a queen. But the room service is my favorite: warm choc chip cookies w/organic skim milk! I'll stay there again in a heart beat (My only problem is the location could be more central; but there are plans to build up the area).  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Patrick_oconnell_us
<Content>Slick Slick Slick       Bed and main bathroom  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>FLSMARK
<Content>Overpriced with Sheraton Service This hotel suffers from unfamiliar staff and a lack of general quality. Starwood leveraged the W name to make me willing to pay $379/night for what I thought would be an exceptional hotel. In fact this was a Sheraton level experience at best. They overbilled for the valet (charged 3 nights even though I stayed one). The breakfast was awesome, but a micromanaging manager followed my waiter around much like that of the Resto manager in the movie Office Space.... This hotel needs to up the service levels and add some more amentities to the room to make it worthy of the W name.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	2	4	3	3	4	

<Author>annev6
<Content>Loved the Spa, hated the hotel Dallas is definitely not the LA of the South, no matter what other reviewers may have said. I've lived here for 5 years and trust me, Dallas is just another big suburban city in the mid-west that now has a fancy hotel to flaunt. Having said that, don't stay here. Here's why:1) You HAVE to valet your car, and for those of you who might not realize how horribly inconvenient this is, I'll explain: every time you park your car you have to pay 5 dollars plus tip for the valet service. And once you get there, you'd better not need your car again until you're going somewhere important because the line to get your car back in the evenings is HORRENDOUS. I came just to use the spa once, and after my treatment waited no less than 20 minutes in a line full of drunks just to pay $5 to drive my car home. The couple behind me had to wait in the line too, and all they needed was to get something out of their car that they'd left when they checked in (the Valets can't tell you where your car is for some reason, so you won't be able to run to your car to get something by yourself).2) The staff was nice enough to me (though not as nice as at the Crescent), but the other guests were just awful. Basically, the W is the type of place to stay if your self-esteem is based on the cost of your clothes. I am by no means poor, but walking through that lobby in my casual wear I was looked at like a leper. The crowd at this hotel is basically the nouveu-riche set of Dallas.3) The bar scene in Dallas is nothing too special. Ghost Bar stays true to that. While the scenery may be pretty neat, the crowd is the same as I described above. If you're a young woman like me, you will be dealing with a bunch of 50 year old men who think they can buy you, and a bunch of highly metrosexual young men who will try to impress you with their $300 t-shirts. For dance music I suggest Lizard Lounge (where Fatboy Slim and Paul Oakenfold go to play when they tour here), Club One, Zubar, Minc Lounge, among others, where the people are friendly, the drinks are cheap, and the music is much cooler. Don't go to Ghost Bar where you'll pay $12 a drink just to wait in line 30 minutes and be treated by the club staff like you're a nobody.Basically, the other reviewer was right, this place is very see and be seen. However, if you are the type of person who couldn't give a flying explitive about being seen by whoever might see you at this hotel it's not worth it.If you're looking for a real unique Dallas experience stay at ZaZa (the Dragonfly is great), the Adolphus downtown, or Crescent Court (the staff there is AMAZING and the rooms are fantastic, there are also some great restaurants there you will be talking about long after you leave). All those hotels are the same price or cheaper than the W, the people are nicer, and you get much more for what you pay. They are also in better neighborhoods. You can actually walk to bars and clubs from the Crescent and ZaZa, whereas at the W, since the Victory Plaza isn't completed, you're going to have to drive or get cabs everywhere (especially because Dallas is a very dangerous city - DON'T walk from the W anywhere unless you know where you're going, ZaZa and Crescent are in the middle of everything, though, so it's pretty safe to walk from them).Having said all that I will say that Bliss Spa is GREAT and you should definitely make time to go there no matter where you stay. The only drawback is that it's in the W and if you go after 5 you will have to deal with drunks wandering around and being loud (I swear the W hosts huge private parties every night, the elevators are usually pretty full of rediculous people!). Bliss is expensive, but worth every penny.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	1	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>407Gator
<Content>W Dallas Victory perfect! I have always loved the W, so I was looking forward to trying out the new W Victory in downtown Dallas. It was awesome in so many ways! We were there for a week for business and only a day into our stay, they were calling us by name. We had a City View room. The bed was very, very comfy. The bathroom was part of the room with a big curtain for privacy during a shower. But you couldn't leave the room if you were sharing with someone you didn't want to see shower! The toilet had its own room - I wish all hotels had this! The Bliss toiletries were great. I LOVED the big comfy robe. My husband loved the huge flat screen TV - probably 50 inches. We had drinks in the living room one night inside and talked to the bartenders. Another night we went outside and it was nice. The Ghost Bar was the best though. We didn't go for late night - we went for happy hour. There was no cover and they constantly came around with amazing food - mini burgers, wings, etc. The drinks were not cheap, but they were strong and worth it. The restaurant was a little disappointing - I probably wouldn't go back to it again. But we were tired of finding places around town. The best perk (of course you pay for it with the $22 parking fee) is the two Voss water bottles in the car every time we picked it up. We did a lot of driving during the day and this was a great perk. I plan on staying here again - at least untl the Mandarin Oriental opens next door - then I will have to pick the best one.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dogster1
<Content>beware. the hotel is nice looking.My wife and I were ashamed of the service this hotel provides. No one ever says hello or how are things. dont even bother calling for help or complaining, no one cares.They took 45 minutes on saturday night to get our car. Not only did we lose our reservation, we also came back at the wrong time, just when everyone was coming in for the bar and it took another 40 minutes to park again. it was the worst experience of our lives. the beds are extremly hard and the water pressure is real bad, there are many other great hotels in the area, that i would recomend. SPG should consider , new management at that hotel  
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	4	2	1	3	

<Author>ngl
<Content>Club Atmosphere 24-7 I stayed at the W in Dallas the end of October for a work function. Overall, the hotel was nice and clean but not really comfortable. As everyone else said, the hotel is very swanky  chic. I enjoy this for club but not for a hotel where you are conducitng business. While waiting for the elevator at 8am, I felt like I was waiting in line at a club at midnight - dark area with colored lights and pulsating music. Not really the mood you want to be put in before sitting in a conference all day!The rooms were fine although many in our work group joked that we clearly weren't hip enough because we could not figure out how to do simple things like figure out how to open the closet door! As previously mentioned by others, outlets are scarce which is very surprising for a modern hotel. The water pressure is low as well. Most people that work here are 25 or younger so if you are in to that, you are set! I will say that most were very nice. The location of the hotel is isolated - you could tell it is an old area of town that is being redeveloped but currently, there isn't much around because of that. We walked to a gas station store to buy some bottled water, etc. That was about it. However, if you are staying there and going to a Stars or Mavericks game, it is ideal - right across the street.Overall, I would recommend the hotel if you like the club atmosphere-type hotel. For business purposes, I would not recommend it. The Ghost Bar was nice - crowded but the scene was certainly there if you want it.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	2	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Ind327
<Content>Never again at this hotel I had been so excited to stay at the W when I learned my work function would take me to Dallas. Upon arrival I immediately loved the modern, hip decor and thought my room was great. That was until I was crawling around on the floors searching for electric outlets with which to plug in my hairdryer, cell charger, etc. Not fun. (And apparently I was not the only one- as another colleague told me she had to do the same.) Another problem in the rooms was the shower pressure -- the W has these rainfall shower heads, which in theory sound delightful; but the water pressure was terrible. The highpoint of the W rooms for me: the Bliss products. They were definitely a plus, but was so disappointed in the rest of the below-standard amenities like the rough tissue and toilet paper... nothing like spending big on the plasma t.v.'s just to scrimp on scratchy tissue that hurts your nose...Two final complaints: the elevators are so incredibly slow! And, the blackout that I endured while getting ready for the evening was very inconvenient. I know that it was not their fault that the power went out, but it will, of course, remain a tarnish on my trip as I scrambled to dress, do my hair and apply make-up all in the dark.I did, however, like the views I had from my room and those from the balcony at the Ghostbar. The bar had a fun atmosphere, though the service was less than impressive.All in all, I don't expect that I will return to the W when I'm in Dallas again. I have heard that W's in other cities provide better service, so may try one of those in the future, however.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	4	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>jplatt1
<Content>One of my favorite Ws. Business travel brought me to Dallas and I decided to stay true to Starwood even though the reviews of this hotel have been pretty dismal. I went in with low expectations, but have to say that I really thought it was one of the better Ws I have had a chance to stay at.First, you have to know that you are going to stay at a W and not at the Four Seasons or the Ritz. Their deal is trendy modern hip. Compared to some Ws (like the really dark Times Square W) I found this one to be fun and open. I thought the room configuration was super cool. Probably not ideal for those travelling with anyone other than a spouse since the bathroom is not private, it is open to the bedroom and you can't walk in and out of the room without going through the bathroom area. The beds are awesome, they have great flat screen TVs. The hotel restaurant, Craft, is out of this world!!! And really accomodating for a single business traveller. Valet parking was very quick, courteous and helpful in getting me driving directions to where I was trying to go. Check in and Check out were great.I didn't take advantage of the club this trip, as there was a quite line and it didn't seem like having a hotel key made much difference (which is not that case in some of the other locations).I would definitely stay here next time travel brings me back to Dallas.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>shaliwag
<Content>Loved this hotel, very hip and trendy       bedroom with king size bed and couch  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	2	5	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>jtkoo
<Content>For hipsters, but no one else My wife had been dying to try out the new W close to her work so I took advantage of its proximity to American Airlines Center to catch a Mavs game at the same time. Conclusion? Very cool atmosphere, but definitely not our scene. Have you ever seen the commercial (for Expedia?) where a guy is planning a vacation for his parents? They are booked into an ultra-modern and hip hotel, and have no idea how to operate the controls in their room or sit in the oddly shaped chairs. Well, we felt like we were living that commercial. It isn't that we are that old (30s), but we sure felt it. The entrance and circular driveway seemed strangely small and compact for such a hotel, and resulted in a long wait and traffic jam on a Saturday afternoon. The cramped foyer also featured a lengthy wait as well. Service was not overly warm, but adequate. The staff did seem kind of flustered because they were falling behind. We were struck by the decor...as is true of all such hip hotels, function seemed to have been sacrificed for form. As we got off the elevator, we were greeted by a chaise lounger upholstered in cow hide (with all the cow hair intact...I think that couch used to be Bessie). We got a room on the 10th floor overlooking the front of the hotel (of the parking lot). It was okay. One of our keys wouldn't open the front door, but it was such a long wait downstairs that we just decided to forget about it. The room itself elicited a wow when we first entered. It was furnished in a spare, contemporary fashion with dark solid walls (naked of any art at all) and lots of chrome. What I found particularly interesting was the concept of putting the bathroom right at the entrance. Not near the entrance, mind you. You opened the front door right into the bathroom. The shower was an open shower sitting right next to the door. I was fascinated and wondered how well this design would work. The was...not very well. Trying to take a shower with no door would have been an interesting idea if you could have enough water to keep you warm. Unfortunately, with its rain-shower head and no water pressure, water barely drizzled out and left the user freezing their buns off. So with no bathroom door (but with a full-width curtain), a shower would result in a user that was freezing-cold, and a room that was moist and hot. Who comes up with these ideas??There was a very nice 32-in flat-screen TV, and the bed was OK. But it wasn't as good as a Heavenly Bed from Westin, W's sister brand. The rest of the room was about on par with any other hotel in this price range, and certainly nothing special. We checked out the rest of the hotel, and were actually wowed by some of the amenities...there is a very nice, albeit small infinity-edged pool on the 16th floor. Nice for 1 or 2 people to do laps. There were about 8 to 10 loungers, so the area was not designed for large groups. There was nobody outside the day we were there, however, because there was such gusting wind that the lounge cushions were flying all over and some guest was even knocked over. The gym was about average while the public spaces downstairs all seemed intended to function as some club. Later that night, we would find out that is exactly what they were for. It seemed the whole space was intended to evoke the feel of a cool boutique hotel. However, at the same time, it felt very claustrophobic. At night, the entire hotel is tranformed into a club. It felt that there were bouncers everywhere (and there were), while there were ropes to control the crowds waiting to take revelers up to the Ghostbar. Second-rate hip-hop was blasting everywhere in the lobby (and is even piped to the hotel elevators). Hotel guests automatically have their names on the list (this felt pretty neat walking past the other poor saps waiting outside) for the privelege of paying a $15 cover, for males only. Non-guests have to pay a $20 cover (again only the guys). We waited about 20 min in our special line, then went up. It felt like deja vu as I felt like I was in any other cool nightclub. It was packed to the point of not being able to breathe, anonymous hip-hop music was blaring to eardrum-puncturing levels, and people seemed either to be trying to shuffle to one end of the bar or from the other end of the bar. Since there was no dance floor, some tried to dance in the middle of the room, but were constantly being jostled by the lemmings coming off the elevators. There was plenty of eye-candy as the waitresses had some nicely slutty outfits, but the majority of the room was filled with young Lindsey Lohan and Justin Timberlake-wannabes doing their best to look their best while feigning disinterest and ennui. Sorry kids, but NYC, South Beach and LA already did this scene 10 years ago. Well, after my wife and I finally made it to one end of the room, we braved it and headed back. In all, our quest to circumnavigate the Ghostbar took about 20 min...since our ears were bleeding by this time, we decided to head back to our room. We thought we left the party, but unfortunately the party did not leave us. Aside from being able to still hear the music in our room, we were also blessed with a large group of inebriated youngsters on our floor, and were treated to impromptu renditions of ...well I just don't know. Suffice to say I would have enjoyed William Hung's song-stylings more. In any case, to conclude...we wouldn't recommend this place to anyone who was around for the Bicentennial or even the Reagan years. I can certainly see the attraction of this place for college kids for the cool factor and the whole party atmosphere...we probably would have felt that way if we were 10 years younger. But now, we would much rather stay at a Westin or St. Regis. And for $300 a night, we could have.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>travellerecosse
<Content>Poor Experience in Dallas This has to be one the most pretentious hotels in the USA, with no real reason for being so. From the moment you arrive to see upwards of 6 bell boys all dressed in khaki shorts to the minute you leave you will be amazed at how surface over substance runs right through this hotel's attitude to service. Make no mistake, there has been a lot of money spent on this establishment but you never feel welcome. The room was comfortable but somewhat cold in its design. The public areas are more like a boutique shop than a place you would want to relax. The attitude of the young lady who checked us out was astonishing in its coldness and complete lack of charm. She never asked if everything was ok or if we had enjoyed our stay. Just a there's your bill, not even a goodbye!I will watch with interest future reviews of this place.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	4	4	3	1	3	

<Author>hotchr
<Content>Way Better Than Reviewed       Bedroom  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>madindallas
<Content>Great halloween spot, it's a real horror show An unbelievable horror show. From the dysfunctional valet parking arrangement to the rude front desk personnel to the dirty rooms with stingy amenities, this place makes roadside hourly motels look good. This is not just a loud poorly designed hotel with a trendy nightclub, it's a trendy nightclub attached to a horrible hotel . If you want to see the Ghost Bar, stay somewhere else and take a cab.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	4	1	1	1	

<Author>jeanettetx18
<Content>Not worth the price I've stayed at several Ws across the US and was excited to stay here to celebrate my 30th birthday. However, after reading these reviews, my expectations were pretty low. The GOOD - this is one of the better looking Ws I've stayed in. A lot seem to be dark and small, but this one was very spacious and had great light and colors. The Bliss spa was also nice, but a little overpriced for Dallas spas. The Sweat gym by Larry North was fantastic - great machines and variety, even though no one was in there. The valet and staff members were helpful and pleasant.The BAD - I really think this hotel is overpriced for what you get. We booked a package deal that included about 5 do this and get this for free items, but I only took advantage of 2. The pool is pretty to look at, but you can't find a seat and it's in total shade. The water was freezing and no one could bare to step in. Probably the biggest draw for this place is the ghostbar. We were told to line up in the Hotel VIP line by at 11:30 to get in, but don't believe that. We got down on a Sat. night around 9:30 and still had to wait about 30 min. to go up. Granted, the views are pretty awesome when you get there, but it's not as great as the line would lead you to believe. As a previous poster said, if you're looking for the hip atmosphere without breaking the bank, I prefer the Zaza over the W.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>vjn1971
<Content>W Dallas Hotel is the Worst If your comming to Dallas skip the W Hotel. W Hotel Dallas TX has very small rooms, bad room design, dirty halls, small pool thats ice cold and is over priced. I was very disappointed with my stay there. The staff was nice. If you are comming to Dallas and want a fun Hotel try Hotel ZaZa, same price and same area  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	3	4	3	

<Author>madchen6
<Content>Cool hotel but service is spotty, at best I originally booked a room with 2 Queen beds w/ a deck overlooking the city almost 2 months prior to arriving. There were going to be 4 of us staying, and it was for a bachelorette party, so we definitely wanted a balcony/patio to make things special. Well, when we arrived, they told us that our Wonderful Room with a Deck (yes, that's actually how they describe it to you) was not available. They offered us another room w/ 2 Queens but it didn't have a deck, and, of course, that was one of our musts. So then they offered us a corner suite w/ 1 King bed, which was much bigger than the original room we booked, plus it had a huge terrace. We were told we could get a roll-away bed brought up to solve the issue of too many girls and not enough beds.When we got to our room, it literally smelled like a fresh pile of dog crap, and I noticed a wet spot on the floor. They do allow pets in this hotel, so it's not at all unlikely that they had just cleaned up a dog mess prior to our arrival. Luckily, our bellman noticed this as well, and called for house keeping to take care of the problem.Overall, the room was pretty amazing, and it was a definite upgrade from the original room we would have stayed in, and the best part was that we didn't have to pay any extra for it. The terrace was absolutely gigantic, and had a huge piece of furniture for lounging on. The room was huge and had two chaise lounges. The bathroom had a wonderful sunken tub, and there was a window that looked out onto the terrace. And the bed was by far one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in. Cons: For only being open a few months, the room was already showing signs of wear. The bedspread was snagged in many places, the metal accent tables were all scratched up on the top, and there were some scuffs on the wall. There were also some dirty spots on the cushions on the furniture on the terrace. The area w/ the toilet had a sliding door which kept getting stuck. One girl actually got stuck in the bathroom and we had to call maintenance to get her out.Now, back to the service. If I were to make a generalization, I'd say the service is better during the day/early evening then it is at night/ in the wee hours of the morning. We requested an iPod dock (they have them available for check-out), which they located and brought to us. House keeping did arrive promptly to take care of the odor issue (although they were more than a little over-zealous with the air-freshener). Someone called us from the front desk to ask me what time I wanted the roll-away bed brought up (I said 11 pm).And here's the bad. Someone in our group brought a bottle of champagne to the front desk to be delivered to up to the room for our guest of honor at a later time. We went out for a little bit that evening, came back to the room, and instead of the correct bottle of champagne, we had a different bottle, along with a card that said To Mr.  Mrs. Chambers on your wedding night. Well, I feel sorry for Mr.  Mrs. Chambers, because they never got their champagne. We called the front desk and explained the issue to them, and they said they would have someone right up to make the switch. 45 minutes later, we still didn't have the right bottle. We didn't get it until someone from our group noticed our bottle sitting on the front desk and took it up to the room herself. And no one bothered to come up to the room to collect Mr.  Mrs. Chamber's bottle.Fast-forward. We were still getting ready in the room at 11 pm, and the roll-away bed hadn't arrived. That was fine, since we weren't ready for it yet, and I figured we'd have it by the time we were done partying at Ghostbar. Well, at 2:00 am the bed wasn't still there, so I called Whatever/Whenever and asked for the bed and some extra blankets and pillows. 20 minutes went by, and nothing, so I made another call. To make a long story short, it took 4 more phone calls, and finally, a trip down to the front desk just to get some extra pillows and blankets to appear, and by this time, it had been an hour since the first phone call. We were told that it was taking so long to get the pillows because they had to go to the 17th floor to get them. What, are they WALKING up 17 floors? Lask I checked, they had an elevator. And we still didn't have a roll-away bed. The people who brought the pillows and blankets told us that they didn't have any roll-away beds left. Another trip downstairs to the night manager accomplished nothing. This manager told us that he would have to verify that these people told us there were no more beds available. Well, if these people were lying about them not having any beds, then why didn't we ever get one?? The guy was completely clueless and wasn't able to help us in any way. And we never got the roll-away bed.A visit to the front desk in the morning found a much nicer, and much more capable manager. She seemed apalled at the way things had been handled, and reduced our room rate for us. This made things much better, but didn't change what had happened the night before.I think part of the issue with this hotel, is that the majority of the staff is inexperienced and young. And when I say young, I mean 18 to early twenties. It just felt like no one was really in charge, and no one knew what to do. I'm very torn as to whether I'd stay here again...The hotel is worth checking out if you can deal with the unreliable service.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>Mistipk
<Content>Worst Hotel ever! I have stayed at W's through out the states. I have loved every experience with the W until I stayed at the W in Dallas. I was staying at the W for my three year anniversary, and thought the W would be perfect due to past experiences. I have to say that from the moment we stepped foot in the door the night was focused on standing at the front desk due to problem after problem, and not on each other. When addressing one of the many problems that we had, WE were looked at in disgust (as if we had done something wrong, or the How dare you we are the W!). Save yourself the trouble (like waiting 20 min. to get your car from valet, or save yourself 30 min to even get to the valet due to congestion outside the hotel)! Oh, and valet is the very least of your worries! The Ghostbar is one of the main hits at the W, if you are a guest you are not promised to get in (even after you have payed). We bought a package on the W website, which we thought would be fufilled, but it is sad to say that we received one out of the five features in the package, and were not reimbursed. We were simply shrugged off when each problem was addressed. I personally am appalled by the W's behavior. Not worth what you pay!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MLSQUIRREL
<Content>Got down to business at the Ghostbar Just stayed there for business last week and thought the hotel and rooms were great, and I especially like chilling out at the pool during some down time. What was really cool was was the sceen at the hotel, especially if you're single ;). There was always something happening in the lobby bar and their bar menu was actually really good. I went up to the GhostBar Friday night with some colleagues and I've never seen more beautiful women in one place. I'd say all in all a very successful trip! I'll be back for more.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	3	5	

<Author>Frisco5
<Content>whatever/ whenever....PLease.... Hotel is completeley overrated... valet and bellman were nice. but that is where it ended.. they do not know what they are doing here. don't care attitude.. craft was OK. Craft Steak in las vegas MUCH better... Ghostbar.. what a joke.. no dance floor, just a bunch of people standing around trying to look cool. can't sit a tables unless you want to buy a$300 bottle of liguor . a bunch of men in dark suits guarding the elevators, pretty stupid.. pool has no sun at all and very small..  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JE123
<Content>Rude and classless Stayed at the W Dallas for a one-day getaway, like many other weekend guests at this hotel. Rooms are nice and contemporary and the bathrooms are great unless you like having a bathtub (shower only).Ghostbar is a big letdown. Don't believe the hype - it's just a packed bar at the top of the W - no more, no less. There's nowhere to dance, nowhere to sit, and you'll pay a steep cover charge just to get in. The W just doesn't have the whole service concept down. Some personnel are just downright rude. For no apparent reason, a Ghostbar bouncer dropped an F bomb directed at the crowd exiting the elevators after the bar closed (get the F out of here) or something to that affect. Appalling.The pool is great unless you want (1) sun - it's almost entirely blocked most of the day or (2) someplace to sit and put your stuff. There are a grand total of about 8 lounge chairs around the pool. Good luck getting one. And homophobes beware - this hotel caters strongly to gay men, and they tend to dominate the pool area.Overall, for the money you will pay to stay here, you are much better off selecting some place else. If you like being treated like a jerk (or attitude does not bother you), maybe the W is where you should stay. I'll never go back there.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>2	1	4	4	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>msubears
<Content>Mostly Great!   showReview(5562604, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disorganized and RUDE.   showReview(5464313, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice getaway but not too impressed   showReview(5459270, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel - Service= Old Abandon Bldg   showReview(5448241, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Extremely Rude Staff    showReview(5444237, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>racb
<Content>great w hotel   showReview(5436916, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bayturtle
<Content>An Excellent Experience: Not to be Forgotten   showReview(5423380, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TGRegelean
<Content>W Hotel Living Room Bar, Accomodations    showReview(5410265, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Impressed   showReview(5406456, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

