<Author>kangi
<Content>A favourite hotel in Barcelona We likeThe hip, slick and fashionable decorThe weird shell shape of the internal balconyThe staff of the reception, knowledgeable and extremely helpfulThe rooftop with the stamp-size swimming pool that creates some atmosphere in any case The minimalist breakfast you can have on the rooftopWe don't likeRooms are so small you have to store your bags under the bed (this is true also for superior rooms)Is not particularly close to the centreIt can be really noisy, as it is at a intersection of two large roads.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Margaridaontour
<Content>fair enough I stayed in this hotel whilst attending to a congress in Bacelona.Comments The lobby is small but attractive, the bar is also nwell decorated The room is small but ok (in Europe I've seen much worse). The bed is confortable and the toilet is modern. It's very very clean (and I'm quite picky) The breakfast is disapointing, only the minimal is available (good quality of what is available). It is served in terrasse and it's small but I liked itThe problem is if you stay in lower grounds you feel the metro under you (or earthquake?! :)). But not during the nightOverall I liked this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	3	5	

<Author>filoderba
<Content>disappointing really tiny room for a exaggerated price. dark hotel, depressing breakfast room. conceited.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	5	

<Author>LelaM
<Content>Good location It's another of the design hotels in Barcelona where a little more humility could help. The rooms are relatively quiet (ask for one at the back if you can't bear street noise!) and modern. The breakfast is a ripoff at Euro 21 per person (really!) but there are plenty of places around to eat out.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Michal4444
<Content>Beautiful modern hotel - quiet yet close to all My husband and I stayed at this hotel 2 years ago, but the hotel was so new that I'm assuming nothing has changed. We enjoyed everything about this hotel. The modern design is beautiful and makes for a really special atmosphere that conbributed greatly to our feeling of vacation and being in another world (a very well designed one). We felt pampered with plush robes in our rooms and all of the necessary goodies that only hotels that really want to pamper their guests have.The location is excellent - on one hand a bit removed from the hussle and bustle of the Rambla and the noisy touristy areas so it's very quiet and fun to come back to after departing from the noisier streets, but it's still walking distance from everything.Also, if you have a Tapas-overdose as I quickly did, we found the most amazing Italian restaurant that was truly one of the best culinary experiences I've ever had. The restaurant (which can almost only be found via word of mouth - though it's cenrally located, it's entrance is almost secretive and one would most likely not stumble across it without looking for it). The restaurant is called Da Greco, you can read a bit about it in this link:http://www.bcnrestaurantes.com/Eng/barcelona.asp?restaurante=da-greco . You need a reservation. Also one more tip - one of their main courses is a pasta tasting dish where you get a few different types of pasta - order this, it's out of this world. And leave room for desersts - the desert chef is the owner's son who came from Brooklyn, NY and the desert menu is entirely American deserts, including the most amazing NY cheescake I've ever had. Enjoy!!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PALOMA2
<Content>Modern and perfect Very well located, friendly staff , and great great design hotel. All the furnitures and decoration are modern and minimalist. The TV in the room is amazing, includes DVDs ready to watch and internet ( wireless keyboard) - everything included. I strongly recommend this hotel !  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rljackr
<Content>Try Some Place Else I would rate my stay at the Hotel CRAM as fair. I stayed in a suite with private balcony on the top floor. The room was quiet and of fair size. The location of the hotel is decent. Close to tourist sites and gay area. Front desk service was ok. TV internet service included which is nice. Underbed storage is a nice idea. Also, plenty of closet space.The rooms focus on form over function. The lighting system would be great for your private residence but somewhat difficult to master during a hotel stay. The hotel is not well maintained. Carpet and furniture throughout is stained. The mini-bar is quite mini. No 24 hour roomservice. The rooftop area is small. The rooftop bar was horrible. They definitely don't have a mixologist up there. I ordered a mojito and it showed up without mint - imagine. Also, I don't think housekeeping even showed up one day. The hotel was not bad, but I would just try something else. Nothing bad or horrible - just nothing impressive either. Nothings better than when you go to checkout and think I'm going to miss this place....well that's not Hotel Cram.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>leocook
<Content>PLEASE DON'T STAY THERE! There are better more affordable hotels in Barcelona than Hotel Cram. It advertises as a 4 star boutique hotel which is a joke! The place is falling apart, tv's that don't work, sunloungers that are falling apart, over priced food  drinks, the list goes on. However i will save the best till last, i booked this hotel specifically so that we could chill by the roof top pool and catch some sun before heading back to the UK. When we arrived the pool was closed as is looked more like a pond than a pool! The terrace was also being vanished. We were assured that it would be cleaned and usable in the morning otherwise we would have changed hotels. By 5pm the next day the pool was still filthy! All day we tried to hunt the manager but all he did was dodge us unntil we refused to pay on check out, then he suddenly appeared! He then proceeded to call the police aswell as ranting and raving and accussing us of lieing. 4 of barca's finest turned up to sort out the mess!!!DON'T STAY THERE PLEASE IT'S COMPLETE RUBBISH!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>WesleyEllul
<Content>Fantasic Hotel This hotel is amazing... Central, gorgeous, friendly staff, wicked rooms... everything you could want.The look is ultra chic but the rooms are well priced. just 3 blocks north of Universitat stop and 3 blocks west of the northern part of ramblas, it is located in a perfect place to have a great holiday.The rooms were fab 32 inch Lcd's in the standard room all with FREE internet on the tv, and free on demand tv and movies. The furniture was all the latest chic designs with a bathroom to match. Far from small the room was perfect for those who will use the room to relax in between excursions around the city.A triple a Plus from me!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IssyMP
<Content>Great location, staff, atmosphere My husband and I spent a week at Cram. We were looking for a hotel which would be near the city centre but not noisy or too touristy. The hotel is in a classic building but is modern and is only 5 minutes walk from the university and 10 miutes from las Rambas. So an easy walk to see the sights and go out at night. The rooms are fairly spacious and there is plenty of storage. Every room has free internet connection and a great selection of films on demand for free. The beds are comfy and the shower gorgeous. On the roof is a small swimming pool (about 16 foot by 6 foot) but it is enough to cool yourself off in and sun loungers after a hard day sightseeing. There is a bar there as well but it wasn't open late when we were there. We didn't eat breakfast but it is served on the roof and looked nice. There is also a very reasonably priced Michelin starred restaurant on the ground floor.The staff are friendly and the place is spotless. I couldn't recommend a better place to stay for a relaxing, fun, holiday.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Brymay
<Content>Great Stay! Have just returned from a week's stay at Hotel Cram, Barcelona. We got a fantastic rate through www.tablethotels.com, which may have influenced our positive attitude towards the hotel. The staff were extremely friendly and knowledgeable. They provided good advice on everything we asked and couldn't have been more helpful. The decor was modern, well designed (I am a designer myself) and spotlessly clean - if a little frayed here and there. The rooftop pool is small, but as large or larger than any other rooftop pools in Barcelona that I encountered. It has 8 sun beds and plenty of tables and chairs. Also an outdoor shower. It is a fantastic facility and we appreciated being able to cool down and relax after a morning's sightseeing.The rooms are certainly as large as any standard rooms in a 4 star in Ireland. There was plenty of storage and the free movies, games, information and internet access (via the TV and wireless keyboard) was a bonus for siesta time and for browsing information on Barcelona. The location was perfect - within walking distance of many attractions (including Casa Bastillo, MCCB, etc), very close to the Universitat Metro and lots of bars and restaurants. We tried 'Flaut' (mentioned below) and loved it for the great tapas and food. Also recommend 'Origins', which is nearby for fantastic tapas and Spanish produced ingredients. 'Teller Tapas' is another fantastic restaurant in the locality. For good food further afield, try 'Shoko', Paseo Maritimo de la Barcelonetta - fantastic Asian cuisine in a great restaurant in the trendy beach area. Have a fantastic outdoor lounge area for after dinner drinks overlooking the ocean. Another favourite was 'Cuines Santa Caterina', Av. Francesc Cambo in El Born - bustling, great food and fantastic atmosphere and choice.Make the effort to visit Sitges - a small coastal town about 30 minutes by train from central Barcelona. Bustling, great beaches, places to eat and people watch. Well worth the effort and a nice break from city life. Is a very gay friendly area.If you're visiting Sagrada Familia or Museo de Picasso get there early as the queues are extraordinary and difficult in the heat.I would highly recommend this hotel - it provided everything we needed and the rooms were much larger than we were expecting due to earlier reviews. I'm not sure if I would have been giving such a glowing report had we paid the full rack rate - but if you look around, you'll always get a better price.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Richie1974
<Content>Smart modern hotel We stayed for 3 nights in April 08. The room was small but well thought out in terms of storage. Very modern interior. We also had a small balcony which provided a little extra to the room. The mood lighting was extremely difficult to manage though! I am still not sure how it is supposed to work! ONly problem I had was that upon checkout I was charged local tax on top of the price I had paid through Late Rooms which was supposed to be included. To date I have still not had a response from either Late rooms or the Hotel whom I have contacted several times to repay this money (拢35). Despite this it was a pleasant hotel in a good location for most places.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>FreqTravelsing
<Content>Good Location Good location in Eixample, clean rooms but very small even by European standards. CNN and BBC only English Channels. Staff friendly but not very knowledgable about the local area. When we asked for a gym nearby they advised they had Passes for a Health Club, 5 minutes walk. When I asked if their were any other gyms in the area they said no. So we got a Pass each day although the Health Club was not what we really wanted. On our last day we found a gym 10mins walk which was part of a very large Spainish chain. When we checked out the bill included Euro 10. for every Pass to the Health Club, we had assumed the Passes were free as at no time were we told we would be charged. The charges were eventually credited after we complained. The Rooftop Pool is a lap pool with two sunbeds. The glass bathroom door is two thirds frosted the rest clear, and does not seal, not very effective in insulating noises or odours. Although the stay was OK, I would look to stay somewhere else next time.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>stephsel7
<Content>Great Barcelona Hotel! The room was small, but very modern and clean. The location was great...walking distance to many great restaurants and to all of the sites.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jobymaloby
<Content>Mutton dressed as lamb! The website is certainly better than the hotel. This really is a very standard hotel with a a thin veneer of boutique applied to it. The rooms were tiny for the money (鈧?94 per night). The concept of having lighting so low throughout the hotel that you can't read anything, is not really what constitutes a boutique hotel. The TV system repeatedly didn't work and I had to get front desk to reboot it a few times and when I woke in the morning for a shower, I found that the whole hotel had no running water. This took a good forty minutes to get fixed and meant I was late for the meeting I was there for. I certainly wouldn't stay there again. At that price, there are far better in BCN. Style over substance!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Clarie
<Content>Bloody Brilliant I'm not sure why it took me so long to write this review - My friend and I stayed at Hotel Cram in September last year for a three night city break and had an absolute ball. As creative professionals, we fancy ourselves quite picky about where we stay, and only booked the Cram because we got a fantastic deal on Tablet Hotels (it had only just opened). When we got there we were delighted - The glass entrance leads into the lobby where every surface seems to be shiny and brilliant. The bar is something else - a myriad of textures and shapes, not to mention the FABULOUS mojitos!The tantalising of the senses continues into the bedrooms. Ok, they aren't huge, but we found our room more than adquate for our needs. The bathroom was excellent, the shower ran the full length of the wall and there were plenty of lighting options meaning optimum make-up appliance. The only downside I would mention was that the bathroom door is see-through (ok, frosted but you can see everything that's going on) and without a lock. And the loo is beside it. We found it quite funny but I don't think I'd feel the same if my boyfriend had been there and not my best friend!A highlight was the roof terrace where we enjoyed a midnight swim on our last night and wished we'd thought of it sooner. Although at the time we stayed there the decking was not completely finished, and there were several workmen during the day who's oggling cost the Cram it's full 5 points.I would love to go back again to experience the Cram in all it's completed glory, if only to see The Most Beautiful Man In The World TM again at reception.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>booktrader
<Content>average in every way Just returned from a four night stay at the Cram. Location is not great - 3 blocks from nearest metro - 5 blocks from the Passeig de Gracia. The service is very efficient, meaning brusque. The bed was a futon mattress on a homemade platform, and the room would be considered a closet at most 4-star hotels. As this was my first stay in Barcelona, I do not have a frame of reference for other supposed 4-star hotels in town, however in comparison to other boutiques that I have stayed in around the world, this would qualify as boutique cliche in every way. Basically nothing unique stood out about this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	4	3	3	4	

<Author>ChasssTO
<Content>Wonderful service, great location, excellent staff! Top-notch all the way. Hotel Cram was in a marvelous location and was a lot of fun! The staff was very attentive and extremely helpful and I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>robjc123
<Content>be careful with reserving through Tablet Hotels This hotel - will not refund a dime if booked through Tablet. Please note is not Tablet that charges you but in fact the Hotel.I am unable to travel to Spain b/c the Spanish Embassy here in the US can not give my Cuban friend a Visa appointment for over 3 mos.When I spoke to Silvia at Hotel Cram she informed me that they will not refund my room. (they will sell it though to someone else since they know I canceled the reservation) The entire rate will be charged to me 1 month from now. Plenty of time to sell the room. They will not refund me any money. We are talking hundreds of Euros!Do not stay here! They are not reasonable or honest people.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Barossap
<Content>Excellent hotel We stayed here for 3 nights from October 21st. WE arrived late but that did not present a problem and we were efficiently checked in by efficient and friendly staff who were extremely helpful throughout our stay.The hotel is a 15 minute stroll to the Ramblas and 5 or 6 minutes from Gaudi's Casa Batllo and the designer shops in that area.We did not eat breakfast in the hotel but used a fantastic cafe 2 minutes away and enjoyed fresh orange juice, croissants and small, beautiful french stick sandwiches with our coffee and the bill was never more than 13 euros for two. We used the same place for a lovely chilled Cava too, great value with 2 glasses of Cave and two red wine costing 7 euros. There is a super restaurant attached to the cafe, cheap, great choice, excellent value and good food.The rooms were excellently designed. The bathroom boasted the world's best shower and the lighting, whilst not the easiest to fathom produced some lovely calming combinations.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would certainly recommend the hotel for anyone looking for a quality place in a good location of the city.. It also has a starred and famous restaurant too although we did not try it.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gingermum
<Content>Glorified Travel Inn. Hotel Cram is a beautifully designed up market Travel Inn. The TV in our room went wrong everyday and the service was slow in trying to help. Even though it was on the junction of two very busy streets, there was very little noise and the hotel was quiet. The air conditioning was effective and the bed was very comfortable. For the price I feel that breakfast should have been included at 18 euro for 4 of us, we opted to eat out. Comparing this to our last hotel in, supposedly expensive, Austria I didn't feel that it was particularly good value. The worst thing about the hotel was the non lockable glass door on the bathroom-absolutely bizarre!!! Getting the right combination of buttons to switch the lights on and off was an adventure worthy of launching the space shuttle. All in all a pleasant enough stay but definately not great value for money. The area that the hotel was in was safe enough at night and busy with tourists and locals alike.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	2	1	1	

<Author>rileyboy911
<Content>Great location We really enjoyed our stay at the Cram. Although the room was small, it was laid out really well, the there was a trundle underneath the bed for the luggage, which was great! This feature really made the size of the room a non-issue. There is also a wireless laptop, and free interet access (via the TV) which was really cool. I was able to get right on the internet from the comfort of the bed! The location of the hotel is also great, within walking distance of lots of shopping and restaurants. We would stay here again shoud we go back to Barcelona.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>goldie98102
<Content>Loved It!!! We stayed here on the last part of our honeymoon in Spain. We couldn't have been happier with the place. It was clean, chic, and modern. The first room we were in was a bit small, but the hotel had cleverly designed the rooms to maximize space (i.e. rollers under the bed for your suitcase). We transfered to a bigger room when the internet in our room didn't work. The hotel ammenities were wonderful. HUGE TV with free movies, free internet. Hotel roof is great, bar was comfortable and had good wine. Room service was tasty. We didn't go to the hotel's restaurant, but its reviewed very highly. The location was great (about 3 blocks to Universistat metro), and 5 from Passieg Gracia. Tapas bars were close by. We loved it here and would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Mullacrew
<Content>Best place to Stay! This was by far an amazing choice of hotel. Designed on the colours of tibetan monks, this is an absolutely gorgeous, romantic hotel. It's all very dark, which adds to the mood. From you walk in the door the decor is just beautiful......we went for a superior room and it was fab........curvy walls......large lcd television on the wall, balcony, mood lighting, great storage area for luggage, brilliant air conditioning, free movies, free toiletries (right down to the toothbrush and toothpaste!).........the toilet had a frosted glass door which was partially unfrosted so you would want to be completely comfortable with your companion.......luckily it wasn't an issue for us. The restaurant is supposed to be amazing but we didn't try it as there was a lot of fish on the menu and we are not fish eaters. The bar was pretty quiet but is decorated beautifully.The only drawback is that the staff have a pretty poor grasp of the english language......but i wouldn't let that put you off.It is located about a 7 minute walk from the Ramblas area so it's a perfect spot.Overall, we were delighted with our accommodation and if we return to Barcelona we will definitely be staying in Hotel Cram again.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>desperados
<Content>Modern sexy hotel This hotel is amazing, from the moment you walk into the dark and elegant reception you are made to feel very special. The rooms are dark and sexy using dark woods and orange, most rooms seem to have a round feature wall inside them which appears to be the bathroom of the room next door, very different and very cool. The room has all the gadgets a boy could wish for, wall mounted 32lcd with free filmson demand and internet, a complex lighting arrangment that allows you to turn off and dim all the lights in the room with a chrome panel on the bedside tables. The shower in the bathroom is a huge walk in affiar with the shower head being about 30cm in diameter dropping out of the celing. What is also strange is the building seems square on the outside but the area around the rooms make you feel like you are in a vertical tunnel, but not in a bad way in a very cool way. We never tried the restuarant so cant really comment on that, it was the menu that put us off with pigs trotters and BrainSalad!The main parts of Barcelona are all in an easy walk of around 10 mins the port is about 20mins. The only problems we had during our stay where to do with the new swanky TV system , we had to change rooms after first checking, in as the tv would not turn on and then in our other room we had a few problems accessing some of the films. But im sure these where just the intail teething problems and have probably been sorted out already.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>356boy
<Content>Should have been so much better This is certainly a stylish piece of design and should have been an enjoyabe stay. The rooms are small - but its forgivable. The service is terrible - and is not forgivable. I booked an executive suit as I needed to work for some of the time I was there. On arrival the wifi advertised in room was not working, it took them 4 days to fix it blaming the bank holiday. The manager was on holiday for the first few days of my stay and I was told there was no one in charge in his absence! the desk staff prefered to argue with me over the broken wifi some how implying that I wasn't entitled to it in my room despite advertising it on their website. When I explained that I wanted to work in my room on the terrace the receptionist asked if was a spy in a highly partonising manor. I left the hotel extreemly agrovated by the entire stay. I have stayed in 2 star hotels with better service. This hotel has poor infrastucture and resources to maintain its facilities. My suggestion to look at one of the other excellent hotels in Barcelona.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>tnhonhols
<Content>Stylish and good value You want to make the most of a few days away without the kids and this hotel was well located, stylish and good value. We booked onlinewhere it looked excellent and it was as good in real life. Big bed, big TV, blackout curtains, triple glazing and excellent showers. The only problem was that the TV was tempermental and not fixed when we requested. Found an excellent little resteraunt right opposite the front door run by very friendly Argentinians who speak excellent English too. Roof bar and pool being renovated at present.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	2	2	4	

<Author>Tr0uble
<Content>A pleasant stay at the Cram We booked this hotel having been to Barcelona before so knew that the location was good and a great place from which to explore all areas of the city. I read numerous reviews on this website and others so was of course a little concerned at comments about small rooms the a glass bathroom door! However we were pleasantly surpirsed on arrival. The room was adequately sized and well laid out which gave the impression of more space. It's very modern and has that 'new' feeling although some parts of the bathroom has already started to look a little worn (chipped glass around the bottom of the sliding shower door) although the great overhead shower more than compensates for this! The glass bathroom door was not an issue as it was at the far end of the room, most of it is frosted and you just have to respect your partners privacy! The hotel does lie on the junction of 2 major streets so comments regarding the street noise while the bedroom window/door is open are correct, however this is not an issue if the window is closed and the air conditioning works very well.The interior of the hotel is nicely designed, very modern, dark and sultry and the exterior is very elegant. The bar area lacked atmosphere but maybe due to being slightly out of season. The bar seems mainly used for people visiting the michelin starred Restarant Gaig which is inside the hotel. We called on the staff a couple of times to sort issues in our room (problem with sink) and they came quickly and sorted this out. They were friendly and always said hello when passing reception. The pool and roof terrace were closed during our stary probably because they were doing work to it before high season.All in all, I would certainly use this hotel again and would recommend it. Placa Catalunya is just 10 minutes walk away to the south and the elegant areas of Gracia are on your doorstep.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>JoshuaSims
<Content>Cram at Cram amazing location .. very chic ... Modern well designed aesthetically ... some major build quality issues .. steamed a jacket in the bath room using the shower, and shorted out half the hotel .. From that moment on you couldn't use any electronics in the room without the same effect. Some rooms are much smaller than others and at the same price. But the staff were helpful; even giving me a free room when I returned at 4 am to find I had .. yet again .. no electricity. (this is also how I learned about the larger rooms). I liked that most of the guests were europeans. I liked that I fit in whether I wore Prada or Camper, and I loved that I could walk anywhere, and everywhere, but cabs were a cinch when I need one  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AllanBLondon
<Content>Nice hotel, hit and miss service I stayed at the Hotel Cram for 5 nights in April '07 in a standard room. It wasn't my first choice of hotel but it was almost half the cost of the other hotels that I was looking at and that in the end was the deciding factor. The hotel itself is very nice. The bar / lobby area is actually quite beautiful and well designed. I was also impressed with the room which was nowhere near as small as I expected. It was well designed and there was a large bathroom with an amazing overhead shower. The hotel provides free wireless and broadband and free movies etc which was a good bonus. Despite all that I would hesitate to recommend this hotel. Although some of the staff members were really helpful and nice, others were the exact opposite and my overall impression of the service is negative. For example, it was my birthday while there and my partner got me a birthday cake and surprised me with it in the room. To our amazement however, room service and then reception refused to bring us some plates and forks to eat it unless we ordered some food. We were told it was against 'hotel policy' to provide plates!!! Breakfast was nothing less than chaotic and frankly a nightmare. The staff were completely disinterested and we felt like we were disturbing them. One morning there was no coffee / juice / milk until 20 minutes after we arrived. Although the area the hotel is in is good, just outside the main tourist areas but with a local feel, the hotel is located on the junction of 2 main roads. Although there was no noise in the room when the windows were shut, it was completely impossible to leave your window open at all. On saying all that the hotel was very good value for money. Over the five nights we saved quite a lot of cash, but if going for a shorter time or if money is not a consideration that I would say stay somewhere else (namely Casa Camper!!). Allan - London  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>2	5	4	5	4	2	2	5	

<Author>Arturas
<Content>Little rooms but quite nice.. Spent a few nights at the hotel. I liked the location ( a lot of nice restaurans in the neighborhood). The hotel self is modern, nice designed but the rooms are small. Breakfast location is quite dark but they do have enough choice of food to start the day...Swimming pool was closed... Nice hotel if you spend lots of time outside the hotel and only use hotel to sleep and shower... And who wants to spend the whole day in Hotel when you are in Barcelona...  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>josh19
<Content>hotel cram review hotel cram is a designer hotel that delivers on design but falls down on service and vfm. the location is good, near enough to the centre but far enough away to have good local tapas bars etc. suggest you find somewhere in the vicinity that places substance b4 style.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rrgg
<Content>Great Room, Excellent Staff, Good Location in Eixample               More photos  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jjm79
<Content>Good hotel, good location       Hotel from front  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>luxetraveller
<Content>A lil' "CRAM" as the name suggest Positives:1. Bargain at Euro 125 per night for a standard double.2. Modern with plasma screen with a mac mini attached... but wait... Negatives:1. The nice plasma TV did not actually work - we asked the front desk to repair it but they did not even bother to send anyone to fix it, which takes me to this hotel's biggest flaw...2. Service is non existent - when you approach the people working at the front desk for some advice or question - they act like they are doing you a HUGE favor......3. FYI if you would like to go to they gym, they are affliated with Holmes Place gym nearby but you are expected to pay for it.4. As per title of this review - double room is tiny, you even have to store your luggage under the bed.5. Location a little secluded - although it's 10 - 15 mininutes walk to the shopping areas at the Passeig Gracia, some who may prefer to have everything on their doorstep may prefer to stay at Hotel Omm or other hotels in that vicinity.We also stayed at The Grand Hotel Central in the Barri Gothic area (see review)Restaurants:Tried Cinq Sentis nearby - great food, especially the dessert and very reasonably priced. Atmosphere was a little sterile though.Moo (at Hotel Omm) - not worth it, food that tried to be too inventive but for all that effort it was not tasty at all... kind of like the decor of the hotel resaturant and lobby ...  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	2	2	2	2	2	

<Author>DVG1
<Content>So comfortable, so stylish, so don't want to see/be seen on the toilet.... So comfortable, so stylish, so don't want to see or be seen on the toilet.... can't fault the (slightly small for superior) comfortable , modern  clean room, very insulated, huge bed, interesting mood lighting control - great fun until you want to make your way to the bathroom in the night  you hit full on search out  seek button... staff discrete but smiley, never the annoying knock on the door....... didn't try the breakfast as there's just too many places to try in BCN seems a crime to stay in your room/hotel - so generally the ONLY down side is the bathroom - not the generous shower - though really would have expected a bath as well in a superior room - it was the fact that it is opposite the bed with a frosted glass door which has a clear panel about a third of the width which gives you a great view of the toilet...!!! very odd - would anybody want this ?  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Leer
<Content>Very disappointing My husband and I stayed here last year and found it very ordinary for the price and location. It is hard to explain what I didn't like about it other than it had no charm. The rooms were ok but there were wires hanging out in the bathroom and it just didn't seem very finished to me.The major problem we found was being woken up on the furst night at 3 am with our bed vibrating. At first we thought it was a 'tremor' but then we got the sound effects, if you know what I mean. Unbelievable - sounded like the couple next door were in our room it was so loud! Needless to say this was most off-putting.I found it a little out of the way, also. We moved to the Casa Camper for the last night which we found to be better located and had lots of character.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>thomas-TRIP
<Content>wonderful hotel we are a couple from southtyrol (nord italy), sorry if you find some errors on the langueges.we was in the hotel cram from 26.12.06 until 30.12.06 before booking we looked this website and we find very different oppinons for the hotel cram and the negativ comments make our decissions very difficult.Now that we are back home we are verry happy because the hotel cram was perfect.the staff was very friendly and they respect all our desire. The room (508) was beautiful design, we find very warm collors; we did'nt hear the traffic noise and stayed confertable.The badroom was large, cleen and had big shower.If we come back to barcelona for shure we chooise this hotel again.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	4	

<Author>absf
<Content>nicely designed hotel This hotel seems to be getting some mixed reviews, but my overall impression was very positive.This is a trendy, boutique hotel. While the rooms were small, they are well designed and very comfortable. The solid, heavy windows blocked out any traffic noise from outside, and I didn't hear any noise from other rooms or the hall, but I also didn't see many other guests.The large, wall mounted LCD screen provides internet, on demand movies (including adult), and regular TV all included in the room rate. Some of the technology is a little on the new and untested side, however, and my TV turned itself on at 3:20am. Then the flashing blue light on the mini-pc behind the monitor, but reflected in the mirror was driving me crazy and I had to figure out how to power off the PC. There were also problems with picture freezing when changing TV channels that required a reboot.Bathroom was very modern. Excellent water pressure from both a ceiling mounted showerhead and handheld one. Bathroom door is only frosted glass with an unfrosted strip, so anyone that needs to feel privacy from their roommate may not like this. They provide some nice extras like mini toothbrushes and paste, strawberry glycerin soap (I wasn't crazy about it) and lotion.The lounge area looked cozy and inviting, the music was good but there was no one there everytime I passed. It was mid-December, perhaps a very slow time.I didn't need to interact too much with the front desk, but they were very nice on check-in and checkout and always said hello when I came or left.I got a good rate (鈧?10), and think it was well worth the price.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>ssssh
<Content>Over rated This Hotel according to U.S standards would not be rated 4 Stars..it's Clean..it's Average, but there is a lot of Less costly hotels that are Clean and Average in a 3 Star. The Hotel personnel lacked that Friendly Approach towards the Guest nor were they helpful. Would I recommend this Hotel? NO...not for the Money. On the other hand if the Room Rates were much less...then I wouldn't expect much, therefore I'd say Yes.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>3	1	3	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>lacika34
<Content>could be a lot better       stain of some sort  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	1	4	4	

<Author>bdunf
<Content>Great hotel! Just stayed at Hotel Cram for five nights and it was superb. The hotel is very contemporary, well designed and very clean. The rooms are compact, larger if facing the diagonal, but have clever storage which makes it very comfortable. The AC, shower, lighting, etc all work very well. The glass french doors make the rooms virtually soundproof and the room-darkening window treatments make sleeping a joy. The breakfasts are fresh, ample and offered until 11:00 am each morning. The beds are very comfortable and the location is very convenient to all the sites in Barcelona, particularly Gaudi. Barcelona is a very clean and easily negotiated city. We found it safe with people of all ages walking late into the evening hours. It's a great place to visit.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>roundtower
<Content>class hotel in a safe very safe area On arriving at our hotel we were made very welcome by the receiption team who very professional in all aspects .The room while compact was excellently laid out and the was cleaned daily and the queen size bed was turned down nightly which was a nice touch.The bathroom large and very modern and overall no complaints could be found with with our room. The hotel was only a 10 minute casual walk to Plaza Catalunya where all the tour buses could be got and it was also the starting point both for the Rambla and the Gothic area and the main shopping area Passeig De Grasia.I would recommend this hotel for any couple who wishes to explore Barcelona .M.H.Oct 19th 2006  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>karenodk
<Content>Designer Hotel with NO customer service We have just come back from a wonderful couple of days in Barcelona. On our second night we stayed at Hotel Cram, it is a designer Hotel in central Barcelona. The staff were very unfriendly and appeared to be very inexperienced. Firstly our micochip card didn't work so we had to go back down to reception to get it replaced, no apologies were offered. Secondly we couldn't find the climate control switch and the television because it was a PC as well as a TV we couldn't tune it. Four Telephone requests a trip to reception and one hour later we were sorted out by one cheeesed off employee.The bedroom was very compact. Water in the mini bar was 鈧? a bottle. The swimming pool was on the terrace, which was very compact and was almost in the bar, there was no privacy and was most unattractive for swimming.Breakfast at 鈧?18 per person was totally over priced, don't go for it.In short Hotel Cram is overpriced, badly staffed it definately gets a thumbs down from me.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>blushingbride
<Content>Great weekend - Hotel Cram - from Dublin couple I was a bit worried about location before arriving at Hotel Cram - as last time I was in Barcelona - we stayed just around the corner from La Ramblas - but the reviews and photos of Hotel Cram were soo good - I thought it would be worth the risk. And the risk paid off - it's about 8 min walk to La Ramblas and Placa de Catalunya (which, by the way, this is where you can grab a tourist bus to see the city sights in one go for 18 euro per adult) - so it was no big deal at all. We took the Aerobus from Airport and hopped off at Barcelona Universtat (a couple of stops before final stop) - you literally cross the road head towards the university and walk up street called Aribau - 3 blocks and the hotel is on your right. My first impression of the hotel was mm looks cool - very mod and kinda funky. The staff were very friendly and made no fuss about our early check in. First impression of the room was that it was small but it was very clean, very modern and had everything you would need. The bed was very comfortable and yes I agree with previous reviewer the pillows were so comfy. The bathroom was great - loved the rain style shower and the heated mirrors. I agree with previous reviewer re frosted bathroom door - could be a little embarrassing for people who aren't totally comfortable with each other!! Not much privacy. All in all - I would definitely recommend this hotel to my friends and tell them to ask for a bedroom at the front - better view - noisy but windows drown out traffic at night. Good air con system. A word of warning.... you'll do lots of walking in barcelona... so be prepared for sore calves!! I'd recommend doing a bus tour (Red Line) to visit to Parc Guell, and Gaudi's unfinished Catherdral Sagrada Familia - worth seeing. Shopping is great - Zara Mango HM, System - very good value. Eating out in Tapa Bars is a much and so cheap. Oct was lovely time to go - T shirt weather - and not as crowded as summer months. Enjoy Placa Catalunya  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>OhYes!
<Content>Thumbs Up For The Cram My wife and I decided to return to Barcelona after a great trip last year, but rather than rent an apartment again (which had it's pitfalls), we elected to try a hotel for a change. After reading various reviews, my wife seemed set on the Cram although were disappointed to find many online booking companies said the hotel was full. She contacted the hotel directly on the off-chance and to our delight they confirmed they did indeed have a room free and charged roughly the same rate as was being suggested through third-party companies...this might be worth remembering. We took the AeroBus from the airport to Placa Catalunya, firstly based on cost (4 Euros each) and also that our hotel seemed close to this area on the map. We obviously got our map-reading wrong as it was a good 15 minute walk (mostly uphill it seemed!) to the Cram from the bus drop-off point and it seemed worse in 25 degrees heat carrying bags and suitcases. In hindsight, we would now have got a cab. But, albeit a little sweaty, we made it to the Cram and were delighted with the cheerful welcome and helpful staff. The hotel looks and feels very high quality as soon as you step inside.The rooms have recently been upgraded technology wise and now feature a PC-based communication and entertainment system that is clearly impressive. Via the 32 wall mounted LCD TV, you have movies on-demand, full internet access via a wireless keyboard, about 30 Spanish tv-channels (plus CNN/BBC), Barcelona guides and history all on-screen and even some music choices to set the scene for you. Better still, all of this was included in our room rate with no additional charges for any aspect, even the movies. However, a warning. The system is new and is experiencing teething problems presently. In room 209, the wireless keyboard didn't work (no internet), the TV kept freezing up and when it did work, half the screen was fuzzy. We pointed this out and the staff were so helpful, finding us another room to move to where everything worked adequately, but we still experienced a few issues. Also, there are several hard-core XXX movies available in the movie-list to watch and although we eventually saw a parental lock-out facility, it wasn't apparent initially and could easily be overlooked....if you take children, be very careful. We're not prudes, but couldn't resist a quick look at these movies and even we were mildly shocked!! :-)Despite the teething problems, this is clearly a superb facility and I personally found it a godsend to keep up to date with my UK football news!The rooms are adequately sized and beautifully decorated, very modernistic and high-tec. The air conditioning worked flawlessly and the moody lighting pre-sets were very useful! The bed is huge and as someone else said, the pillows were so comfy. The bathroom is nice too, although perhaps suffering from some minor design flaws. You seemingly cannot avoid flooding the floor after a shower as the slide doors do not seal. I slipped on exit on the soaked floor and almost had a nasty accident. The glass door to the bathroom is frosted glass, but also has a strip about 4 cm wide down the edges with clear glass.....you can see right in. My wife and I weren't fazed by this, but some people might be. There really is no bathroom privacy whatsoever and there may as well be no door there at all.The swimming pool....oh how we chuckled! Again, through lack of proper research, we were of the belief that (perhaps like some UK hotels we are used to) there was a nice big pool on the roof to swim in and laze about by after a hard days walking. Erm...it's tiny, about three times the length of your average bath. Also, if you do use it, you have to walk through the bar/eating area lobby from the lift and back again, possibly dripping wet. Not ideal and from our perpsective, a bit awkward. Despite this disappointment, we saw the funny side of it, it was our own fault for not picking up on this.The breakfast was included in our rate and was (to us) very continental and not to our taste. That's us being picky and fussy though, as all we could stomach was croissants and coffee and as a result, the cost was not worth it. There are plenty of bars and restaurants nearby that can provide a wide variety of food for less then half the cost.There is also a full room-service facility, which we decided to utilise due to there being no coffee making facilities in the room. Two coffees duly arrived about 20 minutes after ordering......TEN EUROS - OUCH!The hotel's adjoining restuarant was highly recommended by many to us, but as we were on a budget, we didn't try it out. I can confirm it looked and smelled good though! On one long walk back from Placa Reial to the Cram at about 2am we were confronted by a sinister looking chap who tried to accost my wife. The streets were empty and dark due to the Cram's location and therefore another warning....late at night, get a cab back, don't walk it, it feels very unsafe indeed.Our view is that it really is a couples hotel, perhaps geared at the high-tec modernistic younger couples as well. We loved it despite the negative comments above, mainly because of how well we were treated by the staff and the facilities (except the pool!) that were available. We would go again, a little wiser now too.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>drop_the_zero
<Content>Great City Stay at the Cram       Wardrobe Storage Unit (closed)  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Cleargal
<Content>Great Experience but Couple of Small Flaws My first impression of the hotel was excellent. The exterior is beautiful and the lobby is exactly what I love (very modern in style). The staff were very friendly throughout and made no fuss about our early check in. My first impression of the room was that it was small. Having said that after the first day I didn't notice anymore and it was well designed. The modern theme was continued into the room which I also loved (flat screen TV, choice of lighting schemes at the touch of a button, etc.). The bed was big and comfortable and the pillows were amazing. The bathroom was surprisingly big and well designed with a couple of nice touches like a rain style shower and heated mirrors. The shower was easily big enough for two. A word of warning though, the bathroom door is frosted glass so don't share a room with someone you might feel self conscious around. I was with my husband so all was fine but for a parent and teenager or maybe even a couple on their first overnight stay somewhere it would be a disaster, no privacy!The few negatives about the room were that although the fixtures looked lovely they were a bit shoddy. The toilet roll holder, the fridge door and the nightlight were all loose. The only other problem was the 'view'. We faced the back of the hotel and looked into the balconies of the apartments and houses behind. It was ugly but we kept the curtains drawn. On hindsigt we should have changed rooms but I just didn't think about it at the time as it wasn't a big deal. Ask for a room over looking the street and I saw some of the superior rooms had terraces which would be worth it. The roof terrace was nice to relax on and towels were supplied. Yes the pool is tiny but perfect for a quick plunge to refresh yourself after a day sightseeing. It is cold though! A nice touch was the chair lift into it for wheelchair users. I'd never seen that in a hotel before and it seemed very thougtful. I liked sitting there in the evening, cocktail in hand, looking at the castle lit up on the mountain and setting the world to rights! We walked everywhere but be warned your legs will get a work out so if you have any difficulty in mobility be prepared to call taxis. The Rambla de Catalyuna is only a couple of blocks and La Rambla itself is about 15min walk. The port is about 30min walk. A local place to eat that I'd recommed in Cerveseria Cataluyna but eat outside and expect to wait for a table (worth it). Don't have breakfast in the hotel. 鈧?8 a head is ridiculous and you eat so late at night that you'll still be full in the morning. Stroll down to Rambla 31 on Rambla de Catalunya for a croissant/something else sweet and coffee for only 鈧? a head. Fresh and delicious. I would recommend this hotel as a very good 4*. I would go back.I recommend it for couples and friends. Not families or people who have more traditional tastes in decor.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>jsnellis
<Content>Name says it all, you are crammed The Hotel Cram is a lovely hotel, close to the main attractions of Barcelona; the staff are not particularly friendly... we had to wait 20 minutes to check in upon arrival. Our room was supposed to have a bath, but only 6 rooms have that. Every time you use the shower, the entire bathroom gets soaked, impressive design. The bed barely fits in the room, and that is pretty much all there is. If you like a modern, minimalist hotel, this is for you. It was clean, the closets very much like Ikea, etc... The one thing that we really did like was the cool lighting options, though not labeled. No alarm clock and no where to sit besides the bed. We will not stay here again, but some might like it - all will agree that you are crammed.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	5	1	2	-1	

<Author>mercedes50
<Content>GREAT HOTEL HAD A WONDERFUL TIME!! We visited SPAIN , BARCELONA in June/July stayed in the CRAM HOTEL . I was extremly pleased. The hotel was very clean and the staff was very helpful. It's in a great location. There are lots of cafes and restaurans in the areas.VERY MODERN. I WOULD STAY THERE AGAIN.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PSDW
<Content>Warmly recommended ! We went to Barcelona for three days, and booked Cram (based on research on quite luxury/trendy hotel at still realistic price). Experience was excellent : it started before our stay : we bombarded the hotel with zillions of e-mail questions to make sure we would have exactly what we want, and they responded smoothly and efficiently to all of our queries.Unlike what some reviews suggest (and made us a bit afraid before leaving), the service was really excellent and friendly, warm. The place is very nice, and even if the rooftop pool isn't the pool you would book the hotel for, the rroftop is a nice place to breakfast, have a drink, sunbathe... (unfortunately, the sun wasn't very present this week-end).Funny to read the previous review, as indeed a big plus was for us the darkness of the curtains (we could sleep very late and when we wake up it still was dark as if in the middle of the night : great when you want to rest a bit without children waking you up very early...:-)).And the last day, they agreed us to check-out only at 1pm (time we had to leave to the airport) : this kind of flexibility makes life that smoother....And honestly : the place is NOT far away from Passeig de Gracia, Ramblas, Casa Battlo etc : only a 5-10 minutes walk; so for us, very well placed !!!And last but not least : having a dinner at GAIG restaurant is not cheap, but what a spectacularly nice gastronomic experience !!Thanks to all of the Cram's team, and see you again, undoubtedly.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Hannah-Young-13
<Content>Hotel Cram - Wonderful! When I lived in Barcelona I walked passed this hotel and thought the bar area looked really cool... but living there it would have been silly to pay for a hotel and I never really went back.After moving back to the UK and wanting to plan a visit back to Barclona I decided to check-out Hotel Cram and it was wonderful.The design was great, staff were extreely helpful and friendly - allowing us to check-in early have a free coffee and looking after our bags after we'd checked-out. The rooms are great, they are very cool with a great layout, great lighting systems and the most wonderful bathroom.. the shower is great!Also good (may sound silly) is that the curtains are very dark and don't allow the sun in, so when you want that lay-in you aren't getting woken up by the sun! This is great when you've had a big night out!I liked that they had books on Barcelona in the rooms and you could buy everything, like the phone, dressing gown, slippers (think they should have been free as surely they'll only throw them away!?), ashtray etc etc. they were all expensive though!They don't make enough of the fact they have won design awards for the hotel, or that they have an outside on the 7th floor where you can eat and drink, or sunbathe on loungers and have a swim in the pool. The only negative is the price of drinks... 拢3 for a coke and 拢7 for a coke+spirit seemed a little steep.I would definately recommend staying at the Hotel Cram and I will go back there for sure!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>jsenator
<Content>Very nice, but could be a little more friendly       The main hall in Hotel CRAM  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	2	3	4	

<Author>ccrr77fr
<Content>one of the best city hotels around the globe It's not that easy to find an excellent city hotel and especially in Europe in comparaison with Asia where there are some great city hotels like The Metropolitan in Bangkok or The Scarlet in Singapore.I've stayed last year at Cram and after reading the comments, i'm not agree with the last one because Cram is not only a perfectly designed hotel but an hotel where it's so great to stay, an hotel where there is a warm atmosphere and a lot of amazing details like very comfortable bathrooms and some rooms with large terrace overlooking the ultra hip Eixample and an excellent service and some advantaged like a free wifi connexion, a delicious buffet breakfast and the possibility to have dinner in one of the most famous restaurant in Barcelona.Moreover, all the staff was so charming, helpful and smily and it was a true pleasure to stay in this hotel i consider as one of the best in the city category. If i have to rank Cram, i'll give the 3rd world position to this small cool hotel. The Metropolitan Bangkok is ranked n掳1 and The Soho in London is n掳2.Consequently, i'll always choose Cram when i'll go to Barcelona and i highly recommend this hotel to people who love different hotels because Cram is unique, in the good sense.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>selfcatering
<Content>Style over substance Great location in the Eixample, a short walk from Placa Catalunya. Hotel Cram looks great at first sight but we seemed unable to get any of the problems with our room sorted by the very young team who run the hotel. It is tedious when the door of the minibar fridge falls off every night, when the power in the room fails most days and when the extract in the bathroom breaks, leaving a nasty damp smell in the room. They apologised but seemed unable to do anything about moving us or solving the snagging permanently. The restaurant Gaig was closed for August so we didnt get the chance to try it. The rooftop pool is tiny so dont expect to do any lengths. At the rates they charge, there are many better, equally beautiful looking hotels in Barcelona.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>2BAnonymous
<Content>Great Hotel, Amazing Value My wife and I just spent three nights at the Hotel Cram - and loved every minute of it.The walk up of the hotel is great. It is in an old building with a good bit of charm to it. The hotel is finished out with very modern styling, but it remains warm and inviting. The bar on the ground floor was trendy, but never crowded. There is a small (okay, *tiny*) rooftop pool and a wraparound deck with chez lounges. Although the space was limited, it was a nice place to soak up some sun without the crowds of the beach. Plus, there are full bar and food services.The service we received at the Cram was exceptional. We were warmly greeted, and surprisingly, allowed to check-in at 9:00 a.m. - we fully expected to only check our bag and return at a later time. The front desk was consistently courteous, professional and helpful. Dinner reservations were made on our behalf, and we were even given printed directions to share with the taxi driver. A nice touch.We found the room comfortable and clean. The size (small to moderate) is pretty standard for a European hotel, but the layout is well planned so that the space is very functional. We never felt crowded. The bathroom is also of good size, complete with waterfall showerhead and bidet. The frosted glass door might cause the shy to shudder, however. The flat panel television was of amazing quality, but the channel selection in English was limited to only BBC World. The local premium beers in the mini bar might have been the deal of the century at only 鈧?.50 (less than the drafts at the hotel bar).The location is a touch out of the way (about a 5 minute walk from the Universitat subway/bus stop), but is perfectly manageable for the able-bodied guest. You can access any part of the city quickly and cheaply by taxi - a trip to the beach only cost 鈧? - so the location is only a minor nit and not a serious flaw.At the front desk's recommendation, we visited a cervezaria (bar) called Flauta for drinks and tapas. It is only a one minute walk from the hotel and the food and atmosphere were fantastic.So all in all, the Hotel Cram is a great place to stay for a visit to Barcelona. I would stay here again without hesitation and would suggest it to friends. If it were just a touch closer in, I would have given it the full five stars. Instead, I give four since it it not possible to do 4+.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel A great hoel. Excellent staff, a good room and service.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel Having been to Barcelona many times, and stayed at Hotel Jazz and Majestic, we found Hotel Cram was great.It is really bright with an art deco feel. The rooms were spacious, with a plasma TV and a DVD player. The bathroom was quite large with a big shower.The staff were very friendly and helpful and the hotel had a lovely bar on the ground floor.The hotel is only 10 minutes walk from La Ramblas, so is great location wise.We would definitely recommend this hotel and will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>KrissyKris
<Content>Top Notch Hotel       View from the Roof  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Barcelona Hotel Hotel Cram was recommended by another hotel in the area, Hotel Camper, and we had an amazing stay in Barcelona. The rooms are very smart in their use of space, and most (if not all) have a view overlooking the street. We stayed in the room with our 16 month old and did not feel cramped at all. Storage space is plentiful. The bathrooms are also wonderful, with incredible showers. The service was excellent. My husband does not speak Spanish and he found that everyone spoke English. The location is also excellent as far as walking to the different areas of interest. There is also a small rooftop pool with a deck overlooking the city - a wonderful spot to sit and have a drink before heading out. We will definitely stay here again in the future.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>goldfishgal
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Cram   showReview(5027259, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pistoljohn
<Content>Good Hotel   showReview(4031218, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JulieBLondon
<Content>Nice trendy hotel   showReview(4006450, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nasty service   showReview(3946947, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>malachyxxxx
<Content>really liked this place.   showReview(3761177, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not that bad!   showReview(3738897, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>AnnaKiev
<Content>Not all so bad!   showReview(3460527, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No, no no....   showReview(3312259, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>BPro77
<Content>Sehr stylish!   showReview(21339957, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	3	4	

<Author>mpccorse
<Content>Sans plus   showReview(20378514, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	1	1	2	4	

<Author>mamemaka
<Content>Ma plus belle escapade amoureuse   showReview(20110593, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>fgaudriot
<Content>Design mais sans 茅motion   showReview(19628887, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	4	2	2	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent   showReview(19643181, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un h么tel grande classe id茅alement situ茅   showReview(19643179, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>AlineVictoria
<Content>Sympa   showReview(17435427, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	2	2	3	2	

<Author>sylvielbg
<Content>Un excellent trois 茅toiles   showReview(17368373, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo albergo in posizione...   showReview(16731920, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>delphinelike80
<Content>l'un des plus beau hotel design d'europe !   showReview(15553675, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VeliVeli
<Content>Un excellent h么tel - Luxe - Design + Restau Gaig PARFAIT   showReview(14677739, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>briz70
<Content>Sch枚nes Hotel, tolle Lage, super Service, Gutes Restaurant   showReview(11215232, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>annieheitor
<Content>Bel h么tel mais pas 脿 la hauteur       sdb  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	2	2	4	

<Author>Tlse
<Content>design au coeur de Barcelone   showReview(10049646, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Hotel an guter Lage zu...   showReview(11402609, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s d茅莽u   showReview(11457782, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11428278, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel tendance tr猫s bien...   showReview(11402608, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournerons...   showReview(11399703, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>E' un hotel pretenzioso...   showReview(11402610, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sauber, modern, neu renoviert, sehr sch?n   showReview(11353774, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sono stato positivamente...   showReview(11402612, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Moren
<Content>magn铆fico   showReview(5809843, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'h么tel est tr猫s agr茅able et sa...   showReview(11402613, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Struttura eccellente...   showReview(11402614, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

