<Author>echel
<Content>Uninviting. We reserved for the Shinjuku Star and paid for the whole stay in advance.We passed through Tokyo in our way to Kyoto (we were going to Tokyo and the Star afterwards) and we visited the Star Hotel:noisy, worn out, poor illumination, etc. It was quite unappealing and we rushed to a computer to cancel our reservation, even when it meant losing some money. It was worth it. We foundwithout a problem a nice place nearby and more or less at the same price. echel. Mexico.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lsc314
<Content>Excellent for the price!! I am currently staying in this hotel for the next couple days. And it is exactly what I needed; a bed, a shower, and a place to keep my clothes. The window is frosted affording no view, only light in. This was the cheapest possible hotel I could find closest to the train station. The room is pretty tiny, barely able to walk around after opening my two giant suitcases, but was clean and fresh.The location couldn't be better because you are right in the middle of Shinjuku, a very short walk to the JR where the Yamanote line can take you pretty much anywhere you want to go. However, having said that, if you are staying for awhile and have a LOT of luggage this hotel is to close for a taxi to take you from where the Airport Limousine drops you off. I tried and they refused stating it was right behind the Odakyu buiilding. So I had to lug my back pack and two giant suitcases there, only about a five minute walk though. There are coffee shops, restaurants, and convenience stores everywhere near, and there is a small pharmacy downstairs also.The breakfast buffet had a good selection as long as you are not extraordinarily picky. The front desk staff were super nice and helpfull. So basically if you are looking for luxury, look elsewhere. But if you are looking for clean place to keep your things, sleep, and shower than this is it. Really, for the price paid I couldn't ask for anything more. It's exactly what I was looking for. The last place I want to be in Tokyo is in my hotel room!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>iTwins
<Content>Convenient but noisy and cramped First of all, I am still staying at this hotel as I am writing this review. I have sinced stayed 3 nights out of 8. Secondly, I understand that hotels in Tokyo are small and expensive in comparison to other major cities around the world-- we reserved a double room for 4 nights directly online from their website. When we arrived, we were given a semi-double room instead, which was considerably smaller in comparison. Rather than arguing with their staffs whom they speak very little English, we decided to try it out for one night-- Unable to adapt to the extraordinarily small room, we requested a twin room instead. We were provided one with no questions asked. Kudos to the staff for their efficient response-- Don't be fooled by the information on their website. If you switch between Japanese, English and Chinese, you will notice their room specifications were totally different for each language. The Japanese website is more trustworthy. Use Altavista.com's Babelfish to translate to your home language instead.-- The hotel was really 5 minutes walk from the Shinjuku subway station west entrance-- The room temperature is very warm, hovering at 26 degrees Celsius according to the trusty temperature clock that I brought with me. The in-room temperature control is futile. I really cannot feel the difference between LOW, MID and HIGH settings.-- Some of the rooms the windows are locked (no handles to open). You will need to call up the front desk and ask them to open them for you-- If you decide to open the windows overnight, it could be quite noisy at times (police sirens all night every night), especially in the early mornings where black crows sqwarking sp? constantly-- The room comes with a 20 CRT TV with ALL Japanese channels. Curious though...whatever happened to LCD TVs in this day and age and of all places this is Japan where they made most of the world's Plasma/LCD/LED TVs?!? For US$160/night don't you think your guests deserves a cheapo 20 LCD TVs that sell for less than an obsolete mobile phone!? -- No English TV, no problems. At least there is FREE internet in the room. The desk comes with a wired Internet cable but wireless Internet was also detected as well, although I have not tried it. Internet speed was very fast, over 20Mbps or download a full 4.7GB DVD movie in less than half an hour-- Toilet...well, not much to write home about...but the toilet paper is the thinnest I have ever seen in the world - you can see through it. The same goes with the Kleenex on the desk, which has the same texture and seethru-ness. I suspect the toilet paper and the Kleenex are the same thing-- The bed is quite comfortable but the blankets sound like paper - you can very clearly hear the sound of your partner turning in bed. Twin room would help a little.If convenience is what you want, Star Hotel is THE one. Otherwise, for more spacious hotels, look elsewhere!As for us, we have cancelled our remaining 4 nights and decided to move to a less convenient but more spacious and less expensive hotel 15 minutes away. Let's see how that goes...  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>daz1897
<Content>Convenient and Cheap Stayed at the Star Hotel in Shinjuku in Dec 07. As others have mentioned, the hotel/room is nothing exciting, a clean, functional place to crash after sightseeing or shopping all day. The rooms have everything you need. The best aspect is the price and location, very cheap for the quality and location. They stored our bags before check-in with no problem. The desk staff can be hit and miss, it seems to depend on the person. Two staff members were quite helpful regarding attractions and places to eat, while at another time a different receptionist was quite unhelpful, despite a group standing around doing nothing. Overall, good value and great location, would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	4	2	3	

<Author>redivan666
<Content>nice priced hotel in the heart of tokyo First of all, i was in Tokyo like 2 years ago, sorry for the late review but i didn麓t use tripadvisor by that time.Well, i spend like 3 nights in Shinjuku Star Hotel, it was in December 2005.The itself is european style so as you can expect there are standar beds and bathrooms. My room had one double bed and enough space to leave the luggage but not many. The rooms are very small but the location of the hotel is superb. Also really clean and without noise. Not much to say about it, but what else do you need?? hehe It is cheap, or at least very well priced and really close to Shinjuku Station where you can take the underground to almost any place and go walking thorugh the street under the huge skyscrapers of the spectacular japanese skyline.Would go back again, and recommend to everyone travelling to Tokyo.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>ooFlaneryoo
<Content>Excellent Location, value for money Stayed at the Star Hotel in Shinjuku from 1 - 6 September 2007. I chose it primarily for its location and it sure didn't disappoint. Paid USD120 per night for our 5 night stay.The hotel is a 5 minute (or less) walk from Shinjuku Station. Those who know Tokyo would know that Shinjuku is a behemoth of a train station that purportedly serves 2 million passengers a day. After having experienced it, I can safely say that the statement is definitely true. If you take the Airport Limousine Bus service from Narita Airport, you will alight right at Shinjuku Station outside the Keio department store and (as previously mentioned) it will be a mere 5 minute walk to the hotel.The hotel lobby is on the second level of the building. Staff speaks decent English to be understood and knew what we were talking about. Staff attitude was pleasant though somewhat mechanical, I attribute it to the language barrier. We arrived just after 11am, but was told they are very strict about the check-in time of 1pm. We deposited our bags with reception and went about exploring the fascinating Shinjuku neighbourhood.We were given a room on the seventh floor. It was well appointed but tiny. The room had:-- queen size bed;- TV with only local channels;- empty mini refrigerator; and- attached rather low-ceiling bathroom with bathtub and bidet.There was no in-room safe, so take care to store your expensive items properly.There was no more room to walk once I open up my luggage on the floor area in front of the window. Despite its small size, the room was more than sufficient for our needs - who wants to stay in the room all day anyway?There is a vending machine in the lobby selling Haagen Daz ice cream and a vending machine on our floor selling drinks. We didn't try the restaurant on the same level as the lobby, our booking didn't include daily breakfast. There's a Pronto Cafe and another restaurant (which name I can't remember) on the ground floor of the same building.The hotel is less than 3 minutes from Kabuki-cho, the red-light district of Tokyo. Despite its less than desirable reputation, we found no trouble walking around the area even late at night. There was no discernible noise whatsoever from the proximity either.Other notable attractions within walking distance from the hotel are the countless countless eateries (there's no bad food in Tokyo!), shopping galore (several department stores ENCASE Shinjuku Station, not to mention the others like Takashimaya and Isetan) and the Tokyo Metropolitan Building for its free 45th floor observatory.A truly superbly located hotel at a great price (by Tokyo standards).  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Sonia_Shen
<Content>Great location and nice service I spent two nights at this hotel. The service is good. For me, the best thing is the location. This hotel is easy to find and it is near the JR station, so it is convenient for travellers to visit the famaous spots.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>alberich
<Content>Nice hotel. Very well located This is a good hotel, very close to the Shinjuko JR station. From there you can easily take a train/subway to the most important sites in Tokyo. Shibuya is just a couple of stations away. The rooms are relatively small, but clean. Food is very good, with a good combination between western and japanese styles. Staff was always extremely helpful, their service being at least on par with most of the 5* hotels where i stayed before. If you stay there you most likely won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>poweredbyzen
<Content>yokoso, nippon! limo buses from narita usually drop you off in front of the hotel you're staying, but not to the star hotel. the closest drop off spot is at a mall so prepare to walk through a mass of human traffic, 5 intersections, downhill sidewalk, and 50 pachinko parlors that wreak of cigarette smoke. if you have a ton of luggage -- good luck! it was harder for me going back to the pick-up spot to go back to the airport on my return home. went crazy shopping for japanese goods.the hotel -- expect to smell cigarette smoke even if you're in a non-smoking room. even at the lobby, guests are allowed to smoke! what a turn off! the elevators are narrow and the entry way to the room is shoulder-width! you face right and there's the bath and shower. the bed touches the corner and 2 walls, so dont expect to be doing any cartwheels.window opens a bit, but all you can hear is traffic. for the little bit of space, i thought it was a bit pricey. but, i think it was the location of the hotel. you're basically in the middle of it all -- a stone's throw away from kabukicho, the red light district. even the metro/tram stations are nearby. shops as far as your eyes can see. a mcdonalds for breakfast, but i usually visit the tiny bistro downstairs that serve breakfast/snacks/cold drinks. staff was super friendly and bilingual -- though i had to give directions to a couple visiting from the states as i headed out. basically -- a place to sleep and shower with a small tv box, where your knees touch the chair for the dresser if you sit on the edge of the bed. i stayed in a standard room for one, so i'm not sure how big the other rooms are and how pricey.i'd stay elsewhere next time just because i want my limo shuttle to drop me off in front of the hotel rather than walking!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Sammyfloyd
<Content>Excellent location, ok rooms, good value overall A typical Japanese business hotel overall that offers good value and great location. Details:Location: This is its strongest point. It is less than a 5 minute walk from the west exit of Shinjuku JR and its various department stores, and even closer if you want to get on the subway or the Odakyu line. Many convenient stores and eateries are right around the hotel as well. Head east under the rail tracks and you are at the doorsteps of Kabuki-cho and the heart of Shinjuku within 3 minutes. It does face a busy main road so some traffic noise can be heard. Ask for a room facing the back.Rooms: Average business hotel overall, it is clean, not particularly new, but doesn't feel dated. We reserved a non-smoking room and could not smell anything. Bathroom is decent size for a business hotel with a real bathtub, and there is just enough room to lay out the luggage although walking around the room means yielding to your roommate frequently. Bed and pillow are comfortable, but the blanket had some polyester cover so it was a bit stuffy. Twin beds are real single beds so do not expect you can put more than one person in the bed. Amenities such as toothbrush and razors are included. Closet space is very limited. You cannot hang more than 4 things. Free high-speed online access with your own computer. No English TV channels.Lobby and other areas: Somewhat dated but still ok. Interestingly, the ceiling of the elevator really has stars!Service: Excellent from start to finish. Always polite with a smile, and we stored our bags on our last day before our flight at the reception without a problem.Value: Great value for staying at the heart of Shinjuku. Our twin room cost 14,250 Yen per night. Overall: The location and price made this an overall good hotel to stay in. Room condition-wise, I have stayed at better business hotels, but the rooms here are acceptable.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	-1	5	

<Author>NicC
<Content>Superb location, smallish rooms but can't ask for more This misses out on full stars because our room/floor felt very smoky. From what I understand, you are asked to not smoke in bed but this doesn't mean you can't smoke, so try and ask for a n/s floor.That apart, the location cannot be faulted. Less than 5 mins walk from the west exit of Shinjuku and just across the road from Kabuchiko.Rooms were compact (hard work getting 2 suitcases in) but as always clean and comfortable. A good choice for Tokyo.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>orangeman
<Content>Location and service is excellent       Normal day on the Tokyo JR line  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A nice, well-situated place to stay Very clean and situated quite close to Shinjuku JR Station. Rooms are good value, and not as small as a lot of other hotels in this price range. I found the staff to be very helpful and even more friendly than most other hotels.The breakfasts they do are nice, but you are given an exceptionally small plate (size of tea saucer) which I was a little dissapointed in. Overall a great experience!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tripdetective
<Content>Very Small We stayed at the SHinjuku Star Hotel last week. The good: Great location, clean, as always in Japan-great service, the breakfast was terrific.THe bad: SMALL. We stayed in several Tokyo hotels on our trip, all the rooms were small by Western Standards. But this room was unbearable. I am not kidding, once our 2 suitcases were open, we could not walk. We had to move the suitcase everytime we wanted to open the bathroom door. We had to CLIMB over the bed to get to the other side of the room. There was about 2 feet on each side of the bed to the wall and then a tiny hall (about 2 x 4 feet)where the front door and bathroom door was, which was the only place to put the suitcases. There was no closet, no drawers. For a single traveler, fine, but I do not recommend it for a couple. If we had to have spent more than 1 night here, we would have been absolutely miserable. It was like staying in a bedroom of a small sailboat.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

