<Author>vacationloveruk
<Content>A good hotel but no wow factor. Was in Amsterdam for one night with friends. The Marriott had the best price on expedia for a 'five' star. I would classify it four star. Located in central Amsterdam we found the hotel easily, although the lack of a porte coche with a valet was confusing. Eventually somebody took our car from us and we were able to check in. The lobby was small and had no large centre attraction that I like in a hotel. The staff were friendly. The corridors upstairs were confusing and of okay decor. The room was nice, no view but two large beds and a small but clean and elegant bathroom. The TV was pay per view only. Rip off. The concieage was helpfull. I got the impression they get alot of trouble at the hotel. Not long after checking in a man knocked at the door asking if we were using drugs, as the stench of weed on the landing was massive. We were not, but I did think 'when in Rome!'. Also you need a room key to get in the elevator, probably to stop the outcall business that is so popular in this city. We didn't eat in the hotel as the American Hotel over the road had a spectacular dining room, that was much nicer than the Marriot. As it was Xmas it was decorated and felt very festive. As good a place as any to stay, so long as the price is right. From what I saw of the American Hotel I would try and stay there next time.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>azsmitty
<Content>Heart of Amsterdam My family and I (five total with two adults and three kids aged 8, 11 and 12) recently stayed at this Marriott hotel in Amsterdam. It is a first rate Marriott, similar to what you'd find in any big city. The location makes a great jumping off point for exploring the city. You can walk just about anywhere, or take the tram line or water taxi. Although we squeezed five into the smallish four person room, it was no problem.One of the best things about this hotel was that it has a laundry room, and it is free to use it! Our two nights in Amsterdam came in the middle of our two week trip, so the timing was perfect and we were able to get all our clothes washed and dried, although both washer and dryer are small European style and it takes a long time to complete a load.This was one of the only nice hotels we stayed in on our trip (we stayed in BBs and small hotels in all the other cities except for Munich, where we stayed in an equally nice Marriott), but it was perfect and worth the splurge.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>2FK
<Content>Room not warm enough, but location good for sight-seeing There are two parts to this review: the hotel/room 鈥渋n isolation鈥?as itself and then how it fitted in with the weather and locality. So, the hotel itself: yes, good service, decent room, large, comfortable bed (not bad pillows!), relaxing chair to sit in and good if small bathroom with (a pretty good) mixer shower, although the bathroom did lack a heated towel rack. And good location near museums, restaurants and trams. You can walk (quickly) in to Dam square in around half an hour. Characters bar and grill was good 鈥?nice food for what it offered, warm and good for people-watching outside! The one disappointing thing was the lobby which (unlike other Marriots I have been in) was small and you couldn鈥檛 relax in it with a coffee if you wanted to.However, we went between Christmas and New Year and this is why the hotel let itself down badly: firstly, the room was almost constantly only-just-warm-enough, and sometimes cold. Yes, Amsterdam was going through a cold patch (as in just below zero at night) but I would expect a five star hotel to be planned to manage that and cope with it. Instead, the built-in room heating, even when constantly set to 28 degrees, blew out just-about-warm air (although not until after several hours after we initially arrived) and on its own would not have made the room warm enough. When we mentioned this to the Marriot, I was told 鈥渢he hotel is running out of heaters鈥︹€? so clearly it was not just our room. That said, they did bring us an electric heater within 5 minutes and it did help.Another reason I think the room was cold was because it had a nice big window but without double-glazing. Therefore, not only did that mean a lack of warmth but it also provided very poor sound-proofing. We were on the seventh floor but at night we could hear every shout and car door slam in the street below. Yes, the hotel is on a main road but our room faced a side street and at night it was quite noisy on several nights.I do realise that one could argue that we should expect a degree of cold at this time of year, and a degree of noise as it is party season, and that鈥檚 fine if you want to accept that. But one of the reasons we booked a five star hotel was to get a better hotel which should negate those issues. We have stayed in other Marriots before in other cities and at this time of year and they have been fine, but unfortunately this did put us off the chain if we were considering doing another trip next year at this time.Finally, for food, we recommend Het Molenpad at Prinsengracht 653. Excellent food (full meals and snack menu) and great atmosphere.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Dr_LT
<Content>Ridiculous why this hotel isn't in the top 10. We have stayed in a lot of hotels, some very cheap, some exorbitantly expensive, some very good and some extremely poor. This hotel is one of the very best we have stayed in.We stayed at the Marriot Amsterdam in Dec and booked via the website. I was a bit anxious about booking a standard room as we were traveling with a child and infant. The rate was 189euros with breeakfast which was very good value by European standards.The hotel is well located in the fashion/night district of amsterdam and will take you all of 3 minutes to walk to the center of Liedseplein. The best way to get to the hotel from Schipol is to take the 370 bus from in front of the airport ($3.60euros). This bus stops in front of the American hotel just a stone's throw from the Marriot. Main downside is that the bus comes half hourly on weekdays and only hourly on weekends. Cabs will set you back 35-40euros and the journey takes just as long in peak hour. Another alternative is to catch the train from Schipol into the centraal station and then take the number 5 tram to the hotel (stops also in front of the American hotel).Looks can deceive as the hotel doesnt look impressive from the outside (unlike the American Hotel - which I stayed in October). The service at the reception was very good, friendly and efficient. We found the concierge service to be consistently helpful and friendly.The room we had (252) was amongst the most spacious standard room we have ever had in Europe. Two double sized beds in 1 room with ample space on either side and in between was pretty impressive - much larger than the standard in the American hotel. The bedding was very comfortable and clean. The bathroom was clean and functional with a lot of vanity space around the sink. The shower hose was leaking but was fixed promptly after we filled in a repair slip (all hotels should have one of these) and left it on the door. Internet is not free (8 euros/hr). If tv is important, you'll get a flatscreen tv with a good selection of english channels on cable.Breakfast was adequate with a reasonable selection of continental and American but if you want a classier selection with a lot more ambience, head to the American hotel for this.Overall, a very spacious, clean, functional and friendly hotel in a good location without the bells and whistles. I will come here again with no hesitation.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Chirk
<Content>Great stay We used Marriott points for a two night stay and were very pleased with our accommodation: very quiet, fantastic bed; good amenities; fine location. The restaurant was overpriced so we never dined in. One note to watch for: the web site offers you a choice of picking an executive room, which we did. Upon checking in, they said that would be an extra fee per night--and indeed, that was listed in very very fine print online. The check-in clerk was very kind about it but it was a little frustrating after a long flight.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>japdx
<Content>Wonderful quick overnight from Schipol We were traveling back from Rome and couldn't make a one day trip back home so we decided to stay in Amsterdam overnight. I selected the Marriott because it seemed close to the airport yet would give us things to do for a day.Travel to the hotel was very fast (used a taxi) and convenient. Of all the major city airports, Schipol deserves huge kudos for ease of use and convenience. Anyway, check in at the hotel was efficient and very friendly. The registrar took the time to show us a map and mark some places to see.The hotel room was clean and decorated in a modern yet not over the top way. Nice little touches like reading lights mounted into the headboard for example. Food in the restaurant downstairs was actually quite tasty and service was good. Easy walking distance to restaurants and bars - also canal cruises and museums.The bed was wonderfully comfortable.Check out was a breeze and the taxi was waiting on time!We enjoyed the overnight so much we are planning a spring week-end trip to see more of the sites. And, the stay at the Marriott was a big part of that decision.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>mld80
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous Absolutely beautiful room! We had a desk, chest of drawers, beautiful carpet, bathroom and a comfy bed. In a beautiful part of Amsterdam, close to canal cruises and good food. We had a corner room with a very nice view. Everything was clean and top of the line, from the furniture all the way to the carpet. The staff was lovely, especially the gentleman who helped us with our bags. He gave us some tips and a map of the area. Coffee and tea in the morning was nice and overall we had a pleasant weekend.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DaveH-ExPat
<Content>Good location, good experience       Shower / Tub  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>ELSUSHI921
<Content>What a surprise Loved it, it was in the perfect location to walk to most places in Amsterdam. The staff was excellent and it had the feel of being in Holland and not the USA. The room was large and lovely and a great bathroom. The staff was beyond wonderful.The breakfast was pricey but you were able to order off the menu too so you don;t have to spend $30pp for the breakfast buffet which was nice but not amazing.The Holland Casino was 2 minutes away for late night fun too.I really thot this was a great location, clean and lovely hotel and it made the trip perfect.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sanjivbhambri
<Content>geat location, superb hotel Stayed at the Marriott in AMSTERDAM in the early part of october.The hotel is very well located as everything important from a tourists point of view is at walking distance.A wonderful park Vondel is right next to the hotel.The museums are at a walking distance and would definately recommend the Van Gogh MuseumThe staff is excellent and the club lounge is just superb.The rooms have been newly renovated and are really nice.Would definately return to this hotel when next in amsterdam  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CLHughes
<Content>Great Hotel!! Great City!!! Stayed for 2 nights prior to a cruise, and were extremely happy with oor hotel choice. We used our Marriott points for the 2 night stay and were very pleased with our accomodations. Spacious, bright rooms, recently renovated with large, well -lit marble bathrooms. Large flat screen Tv's with many English channels highlighted the rooms many amenities. Irons and ironing boards, robes, and in room safes were available in all room catagories. Upon check-in early in the AM, only 1 of our 3 rooms were ready. No problem, as we used the available room for storing our luggage. Marcel, a concierge/bellman, proved a valuble resource for tourist information. An outstanding employee, patient and eager to help.The hotel location, away from Dam Square and the Central Station proved to be our quiet oasis in a very active city. The canal boat bus stop is located across from the hotel and proved invaluable as a convenient and pleasant means of getting around. After the boats stop service in the evening, a taxi ride from Central Station to the hotel is a flat 20 Euro fee.We did not eat breakfast at the hotel, as it was VERY expensive. We walked across the street to the Satellite Cafe Pancake House located in the Liedesplan and enjoyed a very substantial breakfast for a fraction of the cost. Excellent coffee also.We always try to stay in a Marriott Hotel or one of it's sister brands whenever possible, as the standard of quality always meets our expectations. This Marriott not only met, but exceeded our expectations. Although not the least expensive accomodation in Amsterdam , it is certainly worth it.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PacoO
<Content>Good place Good hotel, located near a lively square and casino. Excellent check-in - let me check into my room at 7:30 am after a long flight without even asking for it.Clean, newly renovated, safe area. Good choice for a hotel and good price on Priceline. Only downside was that certain rooms face a busy street.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Carry0n
<Content>Great Stay! Beautiful very large room. Excellent location near Landesplaat,Culp Market. Room had wind blowing through closed windows.Hotel manager responded to problem ASAP, engineering didtemp fix, and we got the lovely breakfast buffet free as compensation. Would recommend to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Cweis
<Content>Very comfortable stay My husband and I stayed at the Amsterdam Marriott for 1 night during a stopover en route home from Italy. This was our first visit to Amsterdam.The hotel was a good home base, even though we were only there for a brief stay. We had dinner and then walked over to see the Red Light district - about a 15-20 minute walk. The next morning, we took a canal tour before heading off to the airport. The canal tours conveniently leave from a dock about a 3 minute walk from the hotel. The hotel room itself appeared to have been newly renovated. Very typical and very clean and comfortable.We have gold status with Marriott and so were able to use the executive lounge for happy hour. In addition to drinks, they had both hot and cold appetizers -- and there's a great view of the city from the lounge area.I would definitely stay here again on my next trip to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>BillyMac4902
<Content>Didn't Live up to our Expectations from a Marriott Hotel We just returned from a two-week European vacation which included stays at other Marriott properties in Athens and Brussels. Our three-night stay in Amsterdam was during the first week of August, 2008The Amsterdam Marriott has an excellent location. As others have said, it is steps away from the tram stop at Leidseplein, one of the central areas of Amsterdam. It is literally two blocks from major attractions such as Vondel Park, Rijks Museum, the Van Gogh Museum and Hard Rock Cafe. The Leidseplein area will provide you with everything you need including outdoor cafes and restaurants, entertainment, shops and stores. From Centraal Station, it is extremely easy to find. Simply, get on the 1,2 or 5 tram and it is about a 10 min ride. If you will be utilizing public transportation for several days, consider buying a Strippen Card from a tobacco shop for 6,90 euros. It will provide you approximately 7 trips on trams or busses. Ordinarily, one ride will cost around 1,30 euro each, so the Strippen Card is a very cost effective way to get around the city. If you have trouble navigating the public transportation or anything in Amsterdam, about 95% of Dutch people speak on average four languages, so you shouldn't have any trouble getting around,Regarding the hotel, I must say first, I am an Elite member of the Marriott Rewards program, and for the past three years have averaged over 100 nights per year at Marriotts. Nothing to be proud of, it simply means I have to travel quite a bit fout of town for my job. However, I remain loyal to the Marriott properties when I travel and have come to expect a certain level of predictibility from the hotel chain. We also utilized award points for these overnight stays, which should not - and did not influence the level of service we received at the Amsterdam Marriott.Check in was smooth and easy, and we were welcomed in the usual way. When we arrived to our room, we found it spacious by European standards, with average sized bathroom and normal ammenities. Yes, the beds are extremely comfortable after a long day of walking and touring.However, I found that the cleanliness of the room was definitely not up to Marriotts standards as the first thing we noticed was residue on the toilet from the previous guest(s). From days on, our room was not cleaned to anyones level of satisfaction. Used glassware was not removed. Glasses were not replaced from our minibar, even a complimentary bathrobe was not refolded and left over the back of a chair. For a full service Marriott, I have never stayed in one that did not provide a complementary telephone call from Guest Services to see if everything was in order, or the lack of turn-down service in the evening.As a Marriott Elite Member, I am offered, and appreciate the complimentary access to the Executive Lounge. While it is an advantage to utilize the breakfast services and evening snacks, we found the lounge had very poor management as there were many underage youngsters utilizing the services sometimes up to midnight - long after the lounge service was closed - to utilize the free internet terminals. While the kids were supposed to be under the guidance of their parents at all times, many parents simply gave them the access cards and left them unsupervised. On several occasions, during normal hours, we wanted to look up tourist activities for the day and had to wait in line for children to complete their activities on Facebook or other internet sites. In short, we found the Executive Lounge very poorly managed.To conclude, you will find the location of this Marriott very convenient. The ammenities are what you should come to expect from the Marriott brand of hotels. However, we found the level of cleanliness from the housekeeping staff, Executive Lounge management and general level of feeling welcomed at this Marriott was sorely lacking. With a modification in the General Management of this Marriott property and their better customer service training, I feel certain your stay will be more special than ours.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	2	4	2	2	

<Author>travelforfunNy
<Content>Stay here! If you want an American style hotel then stay here. It was a great room and great location. It's on the opposite side of the city then the train station and Red light district but my friends and I found that this was better. It was right across from this huge square with outdoor cafes that was perfect to sit at all night. Everything in Amsterdam is within walking distance but felt very safe and comfortable staying here. This was worth spending a little more money.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>zryder
<Content>Great hotel To be honest, we only booked the Marriott because of a special deal on Expedia but were really pleased. We usually stay at Hilton hotels due to my loyalty card status but the Marriott was less than half the price of the Hilton - my loyalty has limits!!Whilst not right in the centre of Amsterdam, it is a sensible 10 minute walk to the main shopping and tourist streets and the Hard Rock Cafe is right opposite. The location suited us perfectly - close enough to everything but not so you get bothered with noise.The rooms had been recently refurbished to a very high standard, including bathrooms. The bed was a dream and led to a very good nights sleep and a bit of indulgent watching TV in bed.We spent most of our time out and about so did not use any of the hotel facilities. Breakfast was much cheaper in local cafes so we ate all meals out. However, the concierge, door staff and check-in staff were extremely friendly and nothing was too much bother.Definitely an excellent choice, particularly if you can find a cheap rate.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MaximillianAmsterdam
<Content>Good place to stay I've stayed two nights in a Senior Suite for 鈧?365.00 per night including taxes, excluding breakfast.The suite is located on the 9th floor and offers a great view over Amsterdam.The suite is decorated very well, a large diningtable, two large sofa's and several chairs. The bedroom is located in a seperate room.The bathroom is very small and basic for a suite, a shower in the tub, ( doesn't fit for tall people ), and also the toilet in the bathroom.Compared to for example an Executive room in Amsterdam's hilton, these rooms are almost the same size.Roomservice offers a large menu and the food is from good quality. A plus is the location, just a few steps from the Leidseplein, with lot's of shops and restaurants.Overall; It was ok, not very special.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Kezhs
<Content>Marriott never lets us down The Marriott was really easy to find, central and very close to transport like the tram and bicycle hire place. The service was great, and the room was fabulous. The bed was the best, huge and soft like a marshmellow. If you are planning on a good meal out I would definetly suggest the Quoy restuarant at the Marriot, fabulous service and the steak was the best Ive ever had in my life. The New York cheesecake was too die for. The rooms were big, clean and the air con was helpful. I would definetly suggest the American buffet(this kept us going till 3pm), you wouldnt wanna miss out on the delicious waffles.Marriott never lets us down.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>ruienc
<Content>all gets so easy when it is perfect Stayed 1 night in July, have been there few times in the past... and it is always a pleasure to return. Stay in the executive floor, flawless room, breakfast on time, check in and check out were literally 2 minutes... and the car I had book on the previous night was waiting and redy to go when I got to the lobby. All is so easy when it is perfect....  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sparviero
<Content>A nice and comfortable hotel I have stayed for 4 days at Marriott Amsterdam with my wife and my 13 year old son. The reason for selecting that hotel was because of a very good deal from Expedia (700 euro total for 4 nights) and the very convenient location of the hotel. Contrary to some previous review I have read here, the Marriott Amsterdam was very easy to reach by public transportation from the central station (tram n. 2 to Leidseplein, plus 2-3 minutes walk, for just 4.8 euro total).We got a deluxe room, a large room with two twin beds, an elegant and comfortable bathroom, nice furniture and a wide LCD screen TV set. The hotel was very clean and the staff very professional. The only negative point was that our windows were looking at a major crossroad in front of Leidseplein and the traffic was noisy at night.Even though large American-style hotels are not my favourite types when I travel in Europe (I prefer smaller stylish hotels), I greatly appreciated my staying at Amsterdam Marriott. I also like Amsterdam very much and I think it is one of the most beautiful and charming cities in Northern Europe  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>sighttraveler10
<Content>Great Location If you want to go to Amsterdam, stay in this district. The environment is much cleaner and further away from the Red Light District, as that is growing and growing over the years. Amsterdam could be a beautiful city, but the drugs and sex make it a bit uncomfortable when traveling with family.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>VMC1967
<Content>Nice hotel but sketchy city and people We stayed in the Marriot in the city center of Amsterdam for two days. We had never been to Amsterdam but have been to The Netherlands several times. We like the places and people so far but Amsterdam was our least favorite and the Marriot had something to do with that.It was hard to get to from the central train station. We walked for at least 45 minuted before we finally got to the hotel. We arrived at the hotel at 11 am and our room wasn't ready yet. No problem for us because we wanted to explore the city. They offered to hold our luggage so we could go out and about. Everything okay so far.When we returned at 3 PM our room wasn't ready still. Eager to freshen-up we inquired how long it was going to take. 15 minutes the staff said so we opted to wait in the reception area. We ended-up standing around for at least 40 minutes because all the local businessmen seem to use the lounge to keep meetings. No one of the staff offered any drinks or otherwise. When the room was finally ready (after asking at least 6 times) we got a key and that was it. We went up to the room and didn't find our luggage there. We called down to the reception and they appologised for not returning it to us. Then they told us to come down to indentify it but never offered us help to get it to our room! How rude! They didn't even have a cart to use.The room was nice and the hotel itself was great, but the people ruin it. It might be an Amsterdam thing because everyone seemed to be rude. Now don't get me wrong, I'm a New Yorker so I'm used to something. But this was out of the ordinary.The upside is the location of the hotel and the breakfast which is nice. But honestly we won't stay here anymore and we won't visit Amsterdam anymore either. Been there, done that. Never again!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	1	1	4	

<Author>fishtail86
<Content>Just Right Located in the Liedesplein area, this hotel is in easy walking distance from public transportation. Lots of restaurants nearby (both local and chain restaurants like Hard Rock Cafe.) Also lots of good shopping. Convenient to the big art museums. The room was spacious, the bed very comfortable (lots of pillows and a cushy comforter!), the bathroom was large and had all the amenities. Very quiet and you can get a good night's sleep.Check in and out was easy and the staff were very helpful. The only complaint I had was that you had to pay for Internet access, which should be free.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TravlFam
<Content>Great stay- busy hotel We stayed 2 nights at the Hilton and 2 nights at the Marriott. The Marriott is located smack in the center of everything. You couldn't ask for a more central location. We upgraded to an executive room and had breakfast and cocktails everyday at the Exec. suite. Food was great and had a nice selection.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>RSW777
<Content>Standard High Quality Marriott I stayed just one night at this Marriott while on a quick business trip through Europe. I found it dependable and comfortable, with a nice concierge lounge (I have Elite status with the chain). The rate was a bit high, however, and the location a bit far from the train station and the Kalverstraat shopping district. Front desk service was professional though not very warm.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Gerard72
<Content>Great Stay Excellent location, easily accesible by tram from central station. Right in the centre near the Leidse Square. Plenty of terraces bars and restaurants around. Hotel room in very good condition and have to say that the beds are really comfortable. Also the staff very friendly and corteous. Will return when travelling to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	-1	-1	

<Author>henryv731_123
<Content>A Good Dependable Stay I stayed two nights at the Amsterdam Marriott in late May and early June. On balance, I was pleased with the hotel and agree with the mostly positive reviews other travelers have offered here. The location is pretty good, especially for the Rijksmuseum (a 5 minute walk) and the Van Gogh museum (a 10 minute walk). The Anne Frank house is about 15 minutes away, and the Red Light District is a little farther, probably around 25 minutes or so.The hotel offers free coffee in the lobby in the morning, which is kind of a nice touch before heading out to start your day.I would add a few additional observations: First, if you're looking for places to eat, the Leidesplein is literally a three minute walk out of the hotel, and it's a place replete with cafes and outdoor seating sure to make you feel like you are having an authentic Amsterdam experience.If you're looking for a quiet table at a canalside cafe, I would also recommend the Jordaan neighborhood. It's in the direction of the Anne Frank house, about a 15 minute walk from the hotel. It's much less crowded than the Leidesplen, and there are a fair number of outdoor table that directly overlook a canal, which is probably the most visible characteristic of Amsterdam.Getting from Central Station to the hotel can be done fairly cheaply on the tram, but if you've got luggage that's at all bulky, I might suggest spending the 20 Euros for a cab.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>SCabrera
<Content>Loved! Loved! Loved! I will keep this review short and sweet - this hotel was fantastic! Perfect location (clubs, restaurants, sightseeing venues within walking distance), friendly staff, beautiful and wide variety of food for breakfast, extremely comfortable bed (so much so that we overslept and missed breakfast - something we never ever do!!!), great room, great view of the square from the room, stylish bathroom (perhaps this could have been a bit bigger but it was very adequate).Can't say much more than that. Will only ever stay in the marriott if i ever return to amsterdam.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>pstadnick
<Content>Great hotel, amazing location! I stayed 10 days at the Marriot near Leidsplein, and it was a memorable experience. The hotel is great, the staff very helpful and the location is just amazing. Nearby you can find Vondelpark, Rijksmuseum and also walk to nice shops! Highly recommended!  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>astrochichi
<Content>great family value       Marriott Amsterdam - throught the trees the building to the right - good location in the centre   
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>burt1972
<Content>Excellent as always Stayed here from 9th thru 11th May. As always excellent service and I love the Marriott beds - hard to get out of in the morning.Great locationGreat serviceGreat if you are like me and want comfort and no one bothering you during the stay. Maybe not so great if you like old world architecture and local feel from a small hotel.Amsterdam is a fabulous city. Friendly people, fantastic buildings, clean as a whistle (except the canal but hey - its in a city so...). I loved strolling along the canals with my wife and stopping for coffee here and there watching the world go by. She loved the shopping and relaxation. Weather was fantastic whic halso helps.If you are looking to get there from Schipol get the train to the Central station (鈧?.60 from the airport per person) and get the number 2 tram outside the station door. (The central station is the terminus so the 2 only goes towards the Marriott at that point). Pay 鈧?.60 per person to the driver and it will pass up through the town centre, past the flower market on the left (beside a canal) and keep an eye out on your right immeditately past a big busy square (you will have been on the tram about 5 minutes and you will be taking a sharp left turn at this point) for the Marriott in big red letters on the hotel across the road. Get out at the next stop and it is 5 minutes walk or less back. we got ripped of with a taxi who brought us round the city from the station for 20 minutes. Not a pleasant start but if you are a reasonably seasoned traveller the tram is easy and efficient.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BinDereDoneDat
<Content>Good location but Overpriced       Canal  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BirminghamNetty
<Content>Covenient location but not much else Stayed for 5 days with my husband and 9yo daughters. rooms are comfy though not spacious and pretty expensive. no free in room refreshments. location convenient.take care with their packages. we had a package where children eat free with adults. was given no info on booking in. asked at reception who told me to ask in the restaurant. asked in the restaurant who told me reception should have given me vouchors - they had not. had to revisit reception to sort. then got charged for children's food on leaving.also 2 of my children's soft toys were lost in the room. two attempts to sort by us were inadequately responded to by the hotel. left us with very miserable child.won't go again  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	5	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>BeakerTX
<Content>Excellent stay, highly recommended.       View from room window.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravellingHoya
<Content>What I've come to expect from a Marriott; Great Location; Helpful Staff I stayed at this Marriott for two nights during a layover between Washington and Delhi with my husband. I have Platinum status with Marriott, so I didn't consider staying anywhere else. I would agree with all of the comments about the outstanding service at this hotel. The concierge helped us out several times by providing great recommendations and perfect directions on how to navigate through town. They also recommended we take a local bus to the airport, instead of a longer route by tram and train or an incredibly expensive taxi.Our room wasn't ready when we arrived, but we were able to relax in the executive lounge while we waited. We ended up with a fantastic room at the front of the hotel and on the top floor. We had a good-sized terrace from where we could enjoy a great view of the canal across the street. The room itself was quite spacious and had all of the amentities you would expect from a Marriott. The US electric plug was wonderful. It was so nice not to have to worry about converters. It was just a little hard to find because it's under a cover, unlike the euro and UK ones.Breakfast was included with the package we booked, which was a great deal because it was 25 euros in the restaurant downstairs. The breakfast buffet was very good. A huge selection of bread, cheese, fruit and hot dishes. We thoroughly enjoyed it, but never would have paid 25 euros for it. Also, internet access in the rooms is incredibly expensive, but fortunately, we were able to use the computers in the executive lounge.The location is great. It's conveniently located to a lot of the sites, but you don't feel like you are in the middle of tourist central. It's just a short walk to the main museums. Across the street there's a large selection of restaurants and bars. And there are bus and tram stops just across the street, that can take you to almost anywhere you need to go. The Holland Casino is also located across the street. It's no Vegas, but it could provide an hour or two of entertainment and admission is free with passes from the hotel.We bought 2-day i amsterdam passes from the airport's tourism desk, which proved a very good value. They were able to answer all sorts of questions for us and they even booked tickets for the next day at the Anne Frank House. The line wasn't too long when we went because it was the end of the day, but I heard that the lines can be quite long during peak times. It's best to book tickets in advance.Back to the Marriott, I think the hotel is able to make up in service what it lacks in charm and character. I'd stay here again, especially if I was traveling on business, as the business services at the hotel seemed great.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Flaesb
<Content>Beward of excess charges I made a reservation in January (for a March 08 stay) and paid in full via a credit card. Upon checking out of the hotel, the Marriott attempted to charge me an additional 60 Euros ($90) claiming that I had not been charged in full. I showed the asst manager the email I had received showing full payment, as proof. That was not good enough for them! Finally we called my credit card company in the USA, and the agent verified full payment had been made by me for the reservation.I am a silver Marriott Rewards member. Additionally, the internet access charge PER DAY was over $30! If one wanted to use the business center, the fee was over $10 per 1/2 hour. I found those fees inexcusable.The hotel was very nice ( I have stayed there before) and well located, but watch your additional charges and check that bill upon departure!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>antipodienne
<Content>Extraordinary Service - Seriously Good Enough to Rave About I am not inclined to rave, as my many Trip Advisor reviews will demonstrate. But this hotel was extraordinary and is therefore my first 'five star' rating.Easy stuff to start: The rooms are very large by European standards. I expected a room too small to leave my suitcase open in, and was completely (but happily) mistaken. Very large, comfortable and well appointed rooms appear to be the norm based on my room and those of my colleagues (I saw two others that were the same as mine).Internet connection was speedy, so I think the issues previous reviewers had must have been resolved by the time I visited. It's pricey, but no more so than any other hotel in Europe. In fact cheaper than some.The breakfast buffet is very good with plentiful quantities and options, but I'd suggest going out for lunch and dinner as the hotel's excellent location makes it easy to explore. Now's where I start raving. If service isn't the thing that makes or breaks a stay for you, just skip the rest of this review.Every single staff member at this hotel truly embodies the spirit to serve that the Marriott markets itself on. I've stayed at countless Marriotts and never thought much of it - everyone was OK and the rooms were clean. Other than the Book of Mormon in the bedside table, I can't think of anything that's distinguished Marriott from any other hotel for me in the past. But the people at this hotel put their counterparts - and virtually every other hotel's staff I've ever stayed at - to complete shame.The very busy front desk staff remembered me every time I had cause to pop down (and it's not like I'm particularly distinctive in any way). In fact when I rang on my last day to query something on the bill, the man who answered was the one who'd checked us in several days before and he had remembered both me and the special billing request I'd made. I just about fell over.The most amazing part for me was the concierges, who must attend to literally hundreds of guests each day. Every time we dealt with them I left with great information and a smile on my face. One quick example: Silly me had lost my luggage tags somewhere between my meeting and the hotel and was rushing to pick up my luggage and catch a cab back to the airport. I had to complete a form because I'd lost the tags (which they made quick and painless, even joining me - respectfully - in my own joke about my stupidity to lose my tags), Before I'd even finished signing the form, the second concierge had all of my bags sitting next to me. I hadn't described them or told him anything at all about them - he's just got an extraordinary memory and is very good at his job.Every exchange I had with the hotel staff, even when I was rushing like a mad fool, was not only courteous but also friendly in the very direct Dutch way of being friendly but not obsequious. It was truly a landmark of the stay. And it's the feature that will make me pay extra to stay at the Marriott even when I travel to Amsterdam for leisure. I really have seen evidence of the spirit to serve, rather than reading the beautiful book they put on your nightstand (of the same title) and wondering why I never see those people when I stay at Marriotts around the world. The answer is that they all work in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ATLyuppie
<Content>Wonderful Hotel with Updated Rooms! After spending 7 days in Italy where we stayed at somewhat average hotels, arriving at the Marriott in Amsterdam felt incredible. I guess we Americans are somewhat spoiled in terms of what we expect a hotel room to be like and the Marriott lived up and exceeded all of those expectations.The rooms were very clean and completely updated with a flat screen TV, US electric adapter port, and the overall decor was very modern with lots of wood paneling. The bed was SO comfortable with a pillow top mattress and all the usual accompaniments. We were also never able to anyone else the entire time we were there and in our room.The concierge was great in getting us tickets to the Van Gogh Museum and some of the other local attractions. They also provided very good advice on planning our return trip to the airport to avoid security delays.Location was also fantastic, being within a 2 minute walking distance from the main Museum area and Leidesplein square area with lots of great international restaurants and bars. Whenever we go to Amsterdam from now on we plan on staying at the Marriott for all of the above reasons.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>NYUCF914
<Content>Top Notch Hotel!       Our Room  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FifersScotland
<Content>"A Really Lovely Experience We had a weekend break at the Marriott recently, and found the great atmosphere and lovely staff a refreshing experience.....one of our party needed medical supplies to be forwarded to his room prior to his arrival . This was seen to without difficulty.......... Rooms were spotless, and checked on when guests were away and so were not disturbed.........Hope we are back again soon, well done Marriott Leidseplein.......  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mosttravelbuck
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised I took two of my pre-teen boys to Amersterdam for a long weekend. None of us had ever been, nor do we speak Dutch. The trip was very easy with a direct flight to Atlanta. The airport isn't far from downtown and the shuttle, train and taxis were easy to locate. I had booked a stay at the Marriott in the museum district. I was not too excited, since I didn't get a sense it had much charm from the website. We were pleasantly surprised. We had a room on arrival (right when you need a nap), which was EXTREMELY clean, very roomy for European standards, big bathroom, too. We were on the executive floor, which provided GREAT ammenities. Loved the breakfast and cocktail hour in the comfortable lounge on the 9th floor, which overlooked the city. Staff was very nice and accomodating, too. Not super quaint, but did turn out to be super good! We would stay there again and have recommended to my husband, who travels a lot on business.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tricia27
<Content>Convenient and comfortable stay Stayed at the Marriott for 3 days/2 nights in early February '08. Hotel is located further from Centraal Station, and transportation to hotel will be more convenient than walking. Taxi cost us approx 20 Euros, trams are also convenient to hotel. The hotel is located near the the Leidseplein, with trams, cafes and museums nearby; casino located across canel from Marriott. Restaurants are available in the Marriott with room serice and an all-night convenience shop across the street. We enjoyed being a little further removed from Dam Square, and this is the perfect place for families not wanting to be on top of coffee shops and the RLD (although all still just a few minutes away). Rooms are clean, larger than European standards, and the beds are very comfortable. Would be my choice again.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Adbass1984
<Content>Great Stay I was traveling in Italy for a month with school and we decided to take a weekend trip to Amsterdam. We chose the Marriot and were very happy with it. The beds are super comfortable. The rooms are clean and we payed a decent rate for the weekend. You are also in a great location. I would highly recomend  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MonikafromSurrey
<Content>Good location and friendly staff The hotel is in a pretty good spot, close to a canal boat station and museums. There are plenty of restaurants around just within a short walking distance. Our double room was quite smart and with a really large comfortable bed. In the hallway on our floor there was always a big bowl with fresh apples for guests. What a great idea! Staff at the concierge desk were friendly and happy to advise on interesting things to do in Amsterdam.Overall, not a bad stay.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>phukdesign
<Content>Good location cheap luxury What you would expect from a marriot, it is comfortably at the 4 star standard you would expect from this chain. Nothing to write home about, but is definatly worth staying at if you can get it at the right price. lovley big beds.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>hooleyholmezonhols
<Content>good location, really comfy beds! hotel is in a really good location for concerts at the melkweg venue which is a 5 min stroll away (although the venue suffers from really poor organization, shame cos it has a great intimate atmosphere). got the train from the airport into town which only took 15 mins and was about 4 euros, then took a 1 or 5 tram for 5 mins to get to the hotel. lovely comfy bed with lots of squidgy pillows. vondelpark is a five minute walk to the right from the hotel, boat trips leave just opposite the park, the hard rock cafe is also opposite the park. if you come out of the hotel cross over and head straight on for a few mins there is a nice restaurant called gauchos which does lovely steak and chicken (near to bulldog cafe). carry on walking for all of the shops (the adidas shop is pretty cool). the french toast in the quoy hotel restaurant for breakfast is yummy. staff and the hotel were pretty much all very friendly and helpful, was a bit of a surprise to be told we had to pay a few extra euros of 'city tax' when we arrived. the biggest problem i found in the city is that everyone smokes everywhere, there is no escape, as it was freezing cold we had to wear many layers of clothes and as soon as you go in a restaurant / bar / shopping centre your clothes reek of cigarette smoke.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>guy_traveller
<Content>Comfortable hotel Check in was efficient, the room was in good order and comfortable and checkout was seamless.We did not eat at this hotel due to the pricing of the breakfast being a deterrent, but this seems to be the case for hotels in Europe.The internet was abysmally slow to the point that it was not useful, and this was the most expensive internet on the trip! It was slow to the point of not being useable.They refunded the fee the next morning, which was good of them, but the point is that the internet should work properly in a top rated hotel like this.The excuse I was given was that I bahn was new to the hotel and they were still working out the kinks. Give me a break. If I-bahn doesn't know by now how to do hotel internet, that is indeed a sad story. It should be almost routine to put hotel internet in place nowadays.They put the ashtrays inside the doors at night so they won't blow away. The end result is that during the day, the smokers are encouraged to be away from the door of the hotel, but at night, they are right inside the doorway. For crying out loud, is it really so difficult to understand that smoke is offensive?Here we have a chain that has gone smoke free in North America, and in Amsterdam, they can't seem to buy the proper ashtrays and as a compromise decide to choke people with smoke at night. How does this make sense?????  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>david9498
<Content>Great for families Our family of 4 stayed here for 2 nights during a weekend trip to A'dam. A'dam is an expensive city and this hotel offered a room for 4 (very rare) for a decent price. It has a great location near museums and tram lines. Breakfast was not included and is expensive in the hotel. We had trouble finding any food at that time of day nearby and had to take in the hotel 70 euros and one kid didn't eat anything!) .. so pack you some breakfast in your bag before you go but otherwise was a pleasant stay.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	-1	5	5	-1	

<Author>KKAustin
<Content>Everything you expect from a Marriott First of all let me say that I booked this hotel so I could use my Marriott rewards points and save on the exchange rate. We used the Connexxion airport shuttle that someone else referenced in another review. They were very helpful and efficient. Upon arrival, we were immediately asked if we wanted to upgrade to the club level. For 50 Euro per night I thought it was a little too expensive since you basically get continental breakfast and access to a computer. The room we received was very quiet and clean. We chose a courtyard view to stay away from the street. Rooms are small by US standards but ours was big enough to have one suitcase open and still walk around. Room service was spotty. Although they cleaned every day and changed the sheets when we asked, they left glasses unclean and mirrors not wiped down. We did dine at the Pizza hut restaurant. The food was much better than any US Pizza Hut I ever went to. However, the other room service wasn't very good. The food we received was far undercooked, even though we asked for well done. I had to ask to have it taken off the bill over the phone, as well as when I checked out. The location of this hotel is great. It's within easy walking distance of the museums, the Leidseplein, and a lot of shopping. And, the tram is super easy to catch across the street. My biggest complaint about this hotel is that you get nickel and dimed on everything. Internet is 20 Euro if you want to use it in your room. There's no free wifi and even the business center is expensive. The only inclusive is the free coffee in the lobby if you manage to make it down there before 10am. All in all, if I had the points, I'd stay here again. If I had to pay for it, I'd look elsewhere first. If you plan on booking, you should know that this is a very business centered hotel and you will be charged like a business person. It's safe and nice and will cost you  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	1	

<Author>FlavieP
<Content>Great for a family break in amsterdam I booked this hotel after reading the reviews on this site and just wanted to share my experiences for all those parents looking for a family friendly hotel in Amsterdam. Having visited Amsterdam in my heady student days I knew it was the kind of city more suited to adult weekend breaks than action packed escapes for kids. Amsterdam is however a great place for a long weekend with young kids if you stay at a hotel like this.Situated on the edge of the museum district and a stones throw from the Vondel Park, this a well located hotel. The tram stops are just opposite the front of the hotel taking you to Centraal Station in less than 10 mins. Museums are in walking distance, as is the famous Liedesplein which is full of bars, restos and 'coffee shops'. Bigger attractions such as Madame Tussauds and the big department stores are a straight tram ride away, again less than 10 mins and very walkable if the weather is fine. The great thing about the hotel is that its in a well lit; safe area well a way from the red light district, something you just don't want your young kids to see. If you are after a charming hotel capturing the spirit of Amsterdam this is not for you. It's an ugly imposing seventies building servicing business travellers and airline crews. The terrible facade however is compenstated by the wonderful views of canal and city. The rooms are very comfortable with fantastic beds, plush decor and smart bathrooms. The daily room service is impeccable and there are nice touches such as turn down service at night (with choccies!) and a daily newspaper. There is also a well stocked bar at reasonable prices. We had a family room which was a bit small for us but okay. There are many connecting rooms so you might be better to go for two small rooms if they aren't too pricey.There are two restaurants. The Bar and Grill serves sanwiches and pizzas to name but few and it's OK. The food is cafe standard and service fine. It's fine with kids as you don't feel under pressure if they start to perform! Price wise its fine too. The Quoy restaurant is more upmarket so we saved this til our last night but it's not riduculous price wise so we could have eaten there more. The kids menu is the same as the bar so not much choice but they will cater to your needs (i.e. no sauce here, cheese on the side not on top etc!! kids!!). Go in early as fills with busniess clients later and you kind of feel that you don't want your kids being noisy while someone is having a business dinner. It is not however a stuffy restaurant and kids are most definately welcomed and catered for. Word of warning: they will serve you kids meals with your main course unless you ask them not to! We waited over an hour for ours. Service is very slow but the food is lovely when it finally gets to your table!Take breakfast if its included as its great. Again its in the Quoy restaurant with a great view of the city rushing by. They will cook you anything and the staff are lovely. They will warm milk and don't care if kids spill things!!Try to get a family package as it includes breakfast (which is too expensive per head otherwise)and kids meals and one of the deluxe refurbished rooms. If you fancy a trip out of Amsterdam go to Majurodam in the Hague. It's Holland in miniature and your kids will love it.All in all, a great hotel if you've got kids as its comfortable, well situated and on the whole, kid friendly.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OBERMAN
<Content>Excellent hotel in a beautifull city We stayed 5 nights at the Amsterdam Marriott and had a wonderful experience. From the airport we took the connexion minibus to the hotel 19 euros per person -return.It is is only a 30 minutes ride.Our room (#917) was on the 9th floor- executive room with lounge access. We had a partial view of the canal in front of the hotel . The room was renovated and very nice, big king size , very quiet .The breakfast at the lounge was good , but the breakfast at the main restaurant is bigger,with more choises. In the afternoon there is a cocktail hot buffet and later dessert with wine free wine and bear.There is a free coffe and tea machine with cookies all day and cold free beverages.The location of the hotel is very central.Overall - Excellent hotel in a beautifull cityTips: buy the 3 days amsterdam card- for 53 eurosper person.we calculate that we saved around 50 euros per person in this 3 days.Eat at the VD restaurant - LE PLACE- very good an cheap with all kind of food in a beautifull place.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Brklynrider
<Content>Marriott Amsterdam = Zeer Goed       View From Room  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>MandaB
<Content>Marriott's magical beds I stopped at the Marriott for one night only, We had a room overloooking the courtyard, which although lacked a view it was very peaceful. I have to mention the quality of bedding, although we failed to receive our roll away bed for our daughter who is 6, it hadn't arrived when we came in at 11pm, she was so exhusted we just put her in our bed, it was so huge we never bothered reception, we all climbed in and overslept in the morning. I have to say it was delightful, crisp clean and very comfy. We ate in the Hotel Bar/Grill, We tried Dutch mussels, they were splendid.Breakfast in the hotel was also very good, the staff were eager to please the wants of a 6 year old, the food was plentiful and the choice amazing. Taking a child to Amsterdam has its drawbacks but we enjoyed our stay, we carefully choose our sites, did the canel cruise, even ice skated at the Leidseplein. The Marriott has an exceptional concierge, quick, eager to please and help. I would stop again.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Miss_Pie
<Content>Very good location Booked a last minute weekend in Amsterdam so not all hotels were available. This hotel is entirely satisfactory but I could not describe it in the glowing terms that other contributors have done. I had booked it directly on the Marriott website and had requested a non-smoking room. When we arrived at the hotel there were no rooms available so we left our luggage with the concierge and went for a tour of the city. On our return we were allocated a room on the second floor which was a smoking floor. As soon as we stepped out of the lift we could smell the cigarette smoke and the smell in our bedroom was even worse. My husband went down to reception and requested an alternative room. We were then allocated a room on the sixth floor (a non-smoking floor) and this was much better - it is just a pity that we had not been given this room in the first place. The bedroom itself was very comfortable. The people in the room next to us had breakfast in their bedroom and left their dishes outside our room. These dishes lay there all day and were not removed until the evening - not what I would have expected from a hotel of this standard.The breakfast was very good and there was a very large choice at the buffet. The staff in the restaurant were also very pleasant and helpful although the staff on the concierge desk were less helpful.As mentioned in other reviews the situation of the hotel is very good but I think there are probably better hotels in an equally good position.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>2MillionMilesGone
<Content>Dirty Sheets, Horrible Service, High Price I have stayed at this property many times and the quality has always varied. The location is good so I kept returning. But never again!The sheets were clearly not changed, no hotel staff answered repeated calls for service, general manager called room at 10pm to disturb me further. Marriott corporate got all the facts wrong (including where I stayed) and would not refund the room charges after 10 years of loyal repeat business.The NH hotel next door has a great Italian restaurant and is a much better value. If you like dirty sheets and the 300 euro price tag, pick the Marriott (or the Renaissance which is run by the same management)  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FrqTravlr
<Content>Great hotel and location I stayed here one night before returning to the USA after 13 days in Europe. This hotel gave me the type of service I expect from fine American hotels. There were plenty of staff people to assist you, they were bilingual, and they were pleasant. The hotel is outside of the main downtown but taking the trolly is easy and cheap. I was to the Red Light District in 15 minutes. There's a Pizza Hut in the hotel which came in handy after 13 days away from American cuisine. I also ordered a steak and it was the worst meat I have had in months. Most of the food I had in Europe was fantastic but it was either pasta or seafood. If you love beef, don't eat it at this hotel. The room was spacious with the bathroom area being seperate from the room. There was plenty of extra space so I could relax and opeing the window let in the hustle and bustle of the city. A very pleasant sound for those who enjoy big cities. I'll probably stay here when I go back to Amsterdam with my wife.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Berkshire_UK
<Content>Good conference location Stayed at the Marriott for a conference in mid-October. The hotel is located fairly centrally, but still a short walk from most of the tourist areas. I got a taxi from the airport which took less than 20 minutes and only cost 26 Euro.The room was on the 3rd floor and was very quiet and of normal Marriott standard i.e. very good bed, lots of pillows, storage space and very clean throughout.Two negative comments are that it is 19 Euros for 24 hour internet connections which I consider to be too expensive, even by Mariott's standard. Also the room was not particularly big. It was ok for me just me, but still I consider it to be on the small side.The conference facilites were very good and the staff were very helpful, both in the service around the conference (i.e. lunches etc) and in the main restaurant areas and reception.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	2	

<Author>Chrssher
<Content>Great for families Spent a weekend here; highly recommend this location for families. We have two boys, ages 6 and 3 and travelling with them in Europe is a challenge at times. Marriott Amsterdam was perfect - rooms are large, with two double beds and great size for the four of us. Nice amenities, very comfy beds - room in great shape (clean carpets, new wallpaper and bathroom fixtures, etc.) The hotel breakfast is more than abundant - cereals, pastries, eggs (including cooked to order), breakfast meats, yogurt, pancakes (small Dutch ones and cooked to order, along with waffles made to order) as well as assorted cold meats and cheeses. The hotel rate with breakfast included is a steal. The bar and grill has a nicely varied menu, including Pizza Hut pizza (all is available via room service as well, which came in about 20 minutes and was served by a most pleasant gentleman.) Everyone we encountered was more than pleasant, very helpful and friendly and spoke excellent English. The location (just blocks from the Leidseplein, a busy, fun area of restaurants, theaters and shopping) is terrific. You are a short walk from the tram stops, canal boat tours and a casino. A bit longer walk takes you to the Rijksmuseum and Heineken experience. We arrived via train, and had no difficulties taking the trams, even with all of us pulling a suitcase. It was a quick easy trip to the hotel. Would highly recommend this hotel for families - close to trans and sights, with easy connections and lots of restaurant choices (even McDs and BK in close proximity.) It is a nice neighborhood as well; felt very safe here even returning later in the evening.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>davidzenof
<Content>Great Location I am currently staying at the Marriott for 6 nights. I reserved a corner room and encountered issues with the internet connection. After some discussions with the clerk at the front desk, I was upgraded to a suite. The suite is beautiful. It has an awesome view of the nearby canal and Leidsepleine. On the downside, as other reviewers have stated, the street noise could be bothersome for those who do not sleep soundly. Another negative is the value for the money. Even though I was upgraded, the cost of the corner room was expensive to begin with, enough so that I feel that the value for the money is questionable. Hope this info was helpful.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	1	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mudpuppy24
<Content>Couldn't wait to leave I've usually found the Marriotts to be fairly good, but this one was disappointing and just a notch above a Travel Inn. Location was ok, but not central, as it was a good 15-minute walk to Dam Square and the Centraal Station. The hotel had absolutely no character whatsoever; the lobby was uninviting; and the food in both the breakfast and the bar restaurants was only just ok. The room was a good size, and the furnishings looked relatively new and comfortable, but there was a strong drainage smell in the bathroom all the time, and there was a fizzing electrical sound all through the night, which only went away when it was drowned out by the loud air con. When I mentioned this to the reception staff at check-out, they weren't interested and didn't even comment. Only go if you get a very cheap rate as you can get this sort of mediocrity anywhere.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	2	3	3	2	3	

<Author>MrTarkanian
<Content>Nice Hotel, Great Location If you are hesitant to travel to Amsterdam based on its general reputation, then the Marriot is an excellent place to stay with nice accommodations in one of the most interesting cities in the world. The hotel is nicely situated near the museums and parks although the busy neighborhood makes the area rather loud at night, but hey, it's Amsterdam, what did you expect? The room was top notch and provided a nice contrast to some of the dodgy hostels we walked by. A real winner.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Moonette
<Content>Great Hotel! My husband and I stayed at the Amsterdam Marriott one night pre-cruise and used Rewards Points for our stay.Arrival and check-in: We arrived in Amsterdam early and decided to take the train from Schipol Airport to Central Station, and then the #1 tram from CS to the hotel (or a square about 1 block away). The trip was relatively easy and stress-free even though we had to drag 4 pieces of luggage with us. Next time, I think I will use the airport shuttle for a few Euro more.When we got to the hotel around 10:30 am, the front desk was very nice and let us into the room immediately. We were using our points to pay for the night, but they offered us a chance to upgrade to the Executive Level for another 250 Euro, which was the rate had I just booked the room outright. We didn't think we'd eat and/or drink enough to validate spending almost $300 more for a room! ;-) Once nice tough, by the way, was the bowl of mini stroopwafels on the front desk.Our room, on the 6th floor, was average size and spotless. The bed had a wonderful, fluffy matress cover into which you sink. There were also 6 pillows and a great comforter on the bed. When we finally decided to go to bed after a day of seeing Amsterdam, we slept very well in that comfortable bed!The hotel;s location is great! The Marriott is very close to almost anything. While we did buy a Canal Bus pass, we also walked a lot, seeing everything from the flower mart to the RLD on foot. One word of advice if you are walking around Amsterdam: Watch out for the bikes! There are 600,000 bikes in Amsterdam, and it seems like 90% of them are on the roads at any given time. Bicyclists do have the right-of-way, and they don't stop for pedestrians.The one negative comment I have is about the restaurant. . .It's over-priced, and the food was not that good. It wasn't bad, but it definitely wasn't worth the price.We would stay in this hotel again should we make it back to Amsterdam!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	1	

<Author>Napoleon72
<Content>Great hotel! Stayed at the Marriott hotel i Amsterdam for a weekend in sept., and found this hotel very nice. The staff members were great and the rooom as one can expect from a high class hotel. Its location is perfect with the museums, the park, shopping streets, bars/pubs in a short walk away from the door. It was also very quite and we didn't hear a sound from other rooms or from the street. The training facilities are good. The restaurant and hotel bar are standard for these kind of hotels - no feelings!I don't know if the prize we paid a a good deal, but about 200 euros for a 5-star in Amsterdam seems OK.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>SkiAdcock
<Content>Love the staff at this hotel; great location This is the 10th year I've stayed at this hotel during the annual IBC trade show. The staff is excellent, and the location superb.GETTING TO MARRIOTTThere are 3 ways to get to the AMS Marriott from airport. 1) Taxi. Expensive, but if you have more than 1 person  any type of luggage best way. About 35Euro + tip.2) Connexion hotel shuttle (which I did this trip): 12.50E 1-way; 19.50E RT. You can book at Schipol  they take cc's. Have to call 2-hours prior for return shuttle (or night before). On the return, they tell you up front that the shuttle can be up to 15 minutes late so I booked the timeframe one before I really wanted to get to airport to compensate. The bellstaff has the pick-up schedule at the front desk  will call the shuttle service to arrange pick-up.3) Last is take train from Schipol to Central Station  then backtrack on the 1,2 or 5 Tram to Leidesplain  then a 5-minute walk to hotel. I'm not into schlepping  this trip I always have lots of luggage, so that doesn't work for me but I know others have done it w/ no problem.CHECK-INArrived about 9am. Check-in went easy-peesy. Being Mariott Platinum member, they sent me up to the exec lounge to wait until room was ready. Bellman stored luggage. They're used to that, as they get a lot of morning arrivals.FYI for others. On the credit hold, in addition to the room charges, they put 75Euros (approx $110)/night additional hold on the c.c. EXECUTIVE LOUNGEThe executive lounge is lovely. 2 rooms overlooking the Leidesplain. One room has couches, chairs, tables  2 free internet terminals. The other has a couple of tables/chairs,  is the main section for meals. They have a flatscreen television in one room, and they carry USA Today, Wall Street Journal Europe, and the rest varies - London Times, International Herald Tribune, and an Amsterdam newspaper.Hours:Weekdays: 6am-MidnightWeekend: 6:30am-MidnightBreakfast is served in the lounge:Monday-Friday: 6am-10amSaturday-Sunday: 7am-10amCocktail hours are:Daily: 5:30pm-9:30pmHors d'oeuvres: 5:30pm-7:30pmDessert: 7:30pm-9:30pmWine  beer is free. Hard booze has a charge (form to fill out; honor bar). Wednesday night is the 'manager's reception', and from 6pm-7pm Quoy (the hotel's restaurant) sends up food (lamb, duck, sushi, gourmet type stuff).Brekkie in the morning has dif types of meat, cheeses, 6 dif types of fresh fruit, lots of juices, 8 types of cereal (boxed), hard-boiled eggs, yogurts, toast, pastries, croissants, etc.Cocktail hour munchies vary from Dutch items to seafood to couscous. Also veggie trays and at times cheese trays.Dessert is various desserts (chocolate ones, pastries, cakes, cookies, etc).During the day  until midnight, there's free soda, bottled water, tea  coffee.I LOVE the exec lounge staff here. They're great. Also thumbs up to the guest relations managers. ROOMSThe rooms were recently renovated, and are quite nice. The beds are lovely; you sink into them. 6 pillows. 3 foam; 3 feather. Great duvet. The headboards have nightlights on both sides. Granite sink tops etc. Hairdryer provided, as well as make-up mirror. Usual bathroom amenities. Television gets several channels in multiple languages. CNN is 1  I think Sky is 5. There's a channel called Veronica (channel 16) that has a lot of American television shows (NCIS, The Shield, Profiler, Seinfeld, etc). BBC is on channel 2 or 3. Closet has a lot of hangers, including skirt hangers, and also has a programmable safe that's large enough to hold a laptop. Also has ironing board/iron.The desk has all the outlets built in, and also include 110V US-style outlet too. Note to others. Do not plug your personal hairdryer into the 110V; blows the fuse. I didn't do it, but the electrician mentioned it to me when he repaired the fuse from when the previous occupant did.PHONE/INTERNETThere is for-charge internet access in the rooms  wifi in the lobby. There are also 2 free i-net terminals in the exec lounge, with a limit of 20 minutes at a time. Charge for i-net in room is 19.95E, which includes tax. The sign on the box says noon-noon, but I confirmed w/ guest relations that it's 24-hours from when you log on. Phone charges: 1st 5minutes/each additional minuteLocal Call: .75E/.50ENational: 1.00E/.75EMobile: 2.75E/2.25EUSA/Canada: 3.00E/2.50EEurope: 3.00E/2.50EAsia: 9.00E/8.50EMiddle East/Gulf: 9.00E/8.50ESouth-America: 9.00E/8.50ERussia  Baltic: 9.00E/8.50EAfrica: 9.00E/8.50ESpecial Numbers (0900): 3.50E/3.00EInternet Numbers*: .75E/.50E* starting w/ 0676/0677...Access Fee (0800)*: 2.00E* fixed charged after 60-secondsPlease note that '1-800' numbers ARE NOT TOLL-FREE outside the U.S. and will be charged as international phone calls (3E per number).ROOM SERVICEOpen 24 hours. Rates include tax+service, although there's a line for tip. If they don't deliver in 45 minutes, food is free. HEALTH CLUBHealth club is open 24/7 w/ room key. Treadmills, weights, spa, etc. Nice.If you're more into outdoor stuff, Vondel Park is literally next to the Marriott  you can go running, walking or biking through there. RESTAURANTQuoy is the main restaurant. Have never eaten here, although I've heard good people say good things about it. I've heard the breakfast is pricey so you'd probably want to go elsewhere for brekkie.There's also a Characters bar in the hotel, which is a basic pub bar. Think it has a pool table. And there's a Pizza Hut on site (w/ salad bar). You can charge to room service.CONCIERGE/BELLMANThey're quite helpful. Like other staff, been here quite a long time. They can sell tickets to some (not all) of the museums. I've heard it's good to do that, as it avoids the lines at the museums. Also good for restaurant recommendations etc.LOBBY/GIFTSHOP/BUSINESS CENTER/HOTEL DOCTORThis is the miscellaneous category. The lobby is ok. Not super large or exotic, but servicable. Same as the exterior of the hotel. There is a gift shop w/ most of the usual stuff, plus AMS type gift items which I've purchased in the past. There is a biz center w/ the usual stuff. Boarding pass printing is free, btw. Charge for other stuff.Each elevator foyer has a plate w/ apples for guests. Elevators require a room key to operate.Had a bit of a medical problem during my stay. Nothing urgent, but needed antibiotics which requires a prescription. US doctor can't prescribe over here, so needed to use local doc. Hotel had on-call doc call me in my room, and then I went over to doc's office ('bout 10 minutes away). Because I went there for quick test, rate was 20E cash vs 100E if doc came to hotel room. Got prescription  had it filled at pharmacy around the corner hotel recommended (12.11E for 'script). STAFFI can't speak highly enough of the guest relations managers  the executive lounge staff, not to mention the GM of the hotel!!! They're all excellent  truly kept track of things/were so service friendly, I rank them as some of the tops in the Marriott chain.LOCATIONI like the location of the Marriott. It overlooks the Leidesplain, and is only a few minutes away from Museumplein  a lot of other attractions. Doesn't really take long to get to any attractions. Nice central location. Also, there's a canal close to it so people can sign up for canal tours there, etc.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>emmi331
<Content>I Was Grateful for the Marriott! On my last few days in Europe, I decided to splurge and stay at the Marriott. When I checked in, I was assigned a room that connected to another and I could immediately hear the conversations and television in the next room through the connecting door. I asked to be assigned to another room, and the young woman at the desk cheerfully complied, apologizing for not checking with me first to see if a connecting room was okay. I was moved to a very nice room overlooking the square. This room was generously sized, with two double beds (the mattresses were a bit soft for me, but comfortable enough), and an immaculate, well-appointed bathroom.Unhappily, the second morning I was in Amsterdam I suffered a back spasm, and was in serious pain. Thank heavens for the kind concierge, who put me in touch with an excellent doctor and made sure I knew when and where my prescriptions were ready.I was able to get around a bit after that to see the sights, but it was wonderful to return to a comfortable and attractive hotel room to rest when needed.One drawback (aside from the stratospheric prices in the restaurant) was not having a coffeemaker in the room. Fresh coffee was available each morning in the lobby, however - incredibly, for free.The convenient location, sense of luxurious comfort, and courteous service (especially at a time when I really needed it) made the Amsterdam Marriott a hotel I would recommend to one and all.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WalterWalter
<Content>Mouse in hotel restaurant My wife and me had booked this hotel for our twentieth wedding anniverasry. We browsed several hotel sites on the web before deciding on the Marriott Amsterdam. As is the norm on most hotel sites you are given the impression of grand lobbies and facades only to find a lobby that is slightly larger than a normal house kitchen.Our room was not so bad, with a view of the square in front of the hotel. The only thing that bothered us was a smell that constantly was coming from the bathroom.We decided to eat at the Quoy restaurant which is the main restaurant at this hotel. As soon as we started eating I noticed a mouse crossing the restaurant floor and entering one of the cupboards that are used for cutlery and napkins. I immediatly went to talk to the waitress who seemed to imply that it is normal.We have travelled to many countries and eaten in many restaurants, but have never seen a mouse in a restaurant.We talked to the hotel manager and advised her that we will not be eating any food from this hotel, not even the breakfast which was pre-paid.What was strange was the fact that the restaurant was kept open as if nothing had happened. Mice mean disease and uncleanliness.To add insult to injury on check-out they didnt deduct the costs of the breakfasts that we hadnt eaten from there.I have waited for 3 months for a response from the hotel management before writing this report as they know very well how distressed my wife was because of the mouse.In fact we are members of the Marriott Rewards scheme and I can inform them from here that I will be sending back my membership in disgust.W. ShawMalta  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	5	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>abcdefghi
<Content>No soundproofing Amsterdam Marriott Hotel is a recently renovated 5 star hotel by Leidseplein. It's close to the Rijksmuseum, the Van Gogh Museum and right by a canal boat stop. Several trams stop right by, making it easy to get around the city. I recommend crossing the canal to have champagne breakfast at the famous Caf茅 Americain.We stayed at this hotel for three days. We were given a room on the 10th floor, and it was well equipped and had a very comfortable king bed. The bathroom was quite small, and the toiletries were limited to basics (but they smelled great - lemongrass, I believe). The room could have been cleaned better; - there were greasy fingerprints on the inside of the window and the carpet was very thick and apparently difficult to vacuum properly. We would, however, have been quite pleased with the room had it not been for the noise. There was a machine-like sound that made it impossible to fall asleep (it felt like being aboard a ferry). After a night without any sleep, we complained, and were told that they would look into it. We got back to our room to find that they had placed a piece of cardboard over the bathroom fan (which is impossible to switch off at night). However, the next night proved that the bathroom fan had not been the culprit. The noise was still there, and it was not coming from the bathroom, but from somewhere outside the room. After another night without any sleep, we asked for a new room. When we returned to the hotel that night, they had moved our suitcases to the new room. It was on the 6th floor, close by the elevator, facing the street, and it was smaller and not as well appointed as the room we had been in. Hint to the hotel: When someone complaines and shows great patience by letting you try to resolve the situation first, and you're not able to, which results in guests that haven't slept properly for two nights, and you have to move them, at least have the decency to give them a room of equal or better standard. The new room had a harder, less comfortable bed, only one nightstand (which translates to one nightstand lamp without blue light; not good news if you like to read), fewer toiletries (no conditioner for instance), no bathrobe, and a more limited minibar selection. Housekeeping seemed to have the same problem vacuuming the carpet in this room, and the bathroom fan could not be switched off here either. Fortunately, though, there wasn't the same machine-like sound to keep us awake at night. But who needs machine-like sounds to keep you awake at night when the room isn't soundproofed? We heard every word of the conversations in the rooms next to us, we heard the people in the hallway, not to mention the traffic outside, and we woke up every time an ambulance passed by.When cheking out, the receptionist asked us if we had any suggestions for them on how they could improve, and I said that they ought to work on the noise problem. She answered me back saying yes, well, it's a busy city. Second hint to the hotel: I know very well that Amsterdam is a busy city, and apparently so do you. That is the reason why you should install proper soundproofing. People expect that from a 5 star hotel.I should also mention that there is internet access in the rooms, but it's very expensive (I think it was 鈧?0 per day). I always find it tacky when five star hotels charge extra for internet access, I really think it should be free.If you're going to stay at this hotel, I suggest asking for one of their larger rooms not facing the street, and keep your fingers crossed that you don't wind up in the room with the machine-like noise.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	2	2	3	

<Author>njtravelpros
<Content>Just Back from Amsterdam Marriott My husband and I have just returned from our 8 night stay at the Marriott Hotel in Amsterdam. Our flight from the USA arrrived into AMS at 6:30AM and after quickly going through customs and avoiding baggage claim since we do carry-on whenever possible, we headed downstairs and took the train to Central Station and then the #2 tram which lets you off a short walk from the hotel. (You can take the 1, 2 or 5 tram to the hotel from the Central Station) All in all an effortless trip and very inexpensive (approximately $8 per person).Upon our arrival at the hotel we were told our room was not ready, which we had expected since it was 8:00 in the morning. We were directed to the 9th floor Executive Lounge since my husband is a Platinum Marriott member. What a great perk to have use of this lounge..........a great breakfast every morning, afternoon snacks and cocktails and evening coffee, tea and deserts. Also, located in the lounge are 2 computers with high speed internet connections available for use at no charge (in room internet costs 20 Euro per day).The hotel is very well run. The staff is very polite and everyone that we encountered spoke excellent English. The newly renovated rooms are excellent, large enough, and the bathrooms well appointed and very modern with brand new fixtures. The location of the hotel is excellent due to the close proximity and an easy walk to the major museums, abundant shopping areas and varied restaurant choices. We had a rental car for 3 days and utilized the hotel parking, no problem, although at 30 Euros per day a bit expensive.As far as the hotel, I can say not a negative word about the facility or the staff. As previous reviews have mentioned, the outside appearance of the hotel might lead one to have less than great expectations. But once inside everything is terrific! We would not hesitate to stay here again while in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ShariNyc_Ny
<Content>Great Location! I recently spent two nights at the Amsterdam Marriott with my teenagers. We used Marriott points for one room on a regular floor. This room had a view of the canal and was very lovely to look at . The other room was paid for on the Exceutive floor. THis room had no view. There was a decent breakfast there in the morning and snacks in the evening. We had to change our room as we were so close to the lounge that at 6 AM we awoke to the clanging of dishes and glasses. Just across the street from the hotel is the Canal Cruises, which is nice to do if this is yoru first visit to Amsterdam. The hotel is also about a 20 minute walk to Anne's Frank's house. I would suggest buying tickets ahead of time to Anne Frank's house as the line was nearly 90 minutes long. Well worth it though. I also recommend eating at the Resturant Pancakes. Delicious.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mkent924
<Content>No need to look further There simply is no need to look further for a comfortable, spacious, friendly, and ideally situated hotel in Amsterdam. We stayed for four nights at this hotel from Aug. 2-6. It is ideally located across from the square in Leidseplein, adjacent to Vondel Park, with a canal tour boat access across the street. The hotel has larger rooms than the American Hotel located across the street, and even offers an American outlet for any U.S. appliance you saw fit to haul across the ocean. The staff goes out of their way to be friendly and accomodating, and the Concierge staff is most helpful for anything you wish to accomplish from museum ticket purchases to obtaining a taxi to the Airport at your appointed time. The room quality is excellent, and my wife and daughter felt right at home. It is a few short blocks to walk to the Rijksmuseum and Van Gogh Museum. There is even a Pizza Hut inside the hotel, and if you venture outside, directly across the street, you will find an authentic Dutch Pancake house which is not a bad stop for breakfast. This is an ideal family hotel if you want to go to Amsterdam, and want to avoid hotels in areas adjacent to the more adult oriented sights Amsterdam has to offer. This hotel will get a return visit-no question about it.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Papad
<Content>Location, Location, Location We stayed at this hotel for three nights during and extended vacation in Europe. Given we were bringing our kids to Europe for the first time we wanted to stick with an American chain we are familiar with. We loved the hotel and it's central location on Leidsplein. One of the popular canal cruises starts literally one block to the left accross from the hotel. It was walking distance to the museums and had a ton of eating and shopping options all around. The rooms at the Marriott were small but completely renovated and stylish in decor. The decor was snazzy and young and the hustle and bustle around the hotel was great as well. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Marriott and highly recommend Amsterdam to others. It's one of the most vibrant and fun city we have visited.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>CoClare
<Content>nice stay Finding a good hotel room for four (2 adults  2 children) in Europe is never easy. Our room at the Marriott Amsterdam was good size (by European standards), and the toilet/shower area was separate from the sink. We had a balcony overlooking the little park and canal, and had access to the Executive Lounge which was a great place to pick up coffee and fruit. The staff was friendly and helpful, the location suitable for walking to museums or taking the tram, and the hotel was clean and quiet. Amsterdam is a accommodating town for families, as long as you don't do anything silly regarding the more notorious (though overplayed) areas. Be aware that there are virtually no taxi stands, but anyplace will call one for you if needed. And don't worry, their English is vastly better than our Dutch. We would recommend both the city and this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>BCSandman
<Content>Loved the Marriott The hotel is in a great location with easy access to many restaurants shopping areas by foot. From the outside the hotel and in the halls it may look a little plain, but, when you get into your room, a nice surprise awaits. Our room was large and very clean and looked as though it was recently renovated. We really enjoyed the three nights we stayed here. Service was good.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>kwh
<Content>Convenient Location The hotel is situated near the Leidseplein, which is a very crowded square, but it is on the other side of the canal, so it is also separated from the Leidseplein madness. We had a clean, quiet room. There are also rooms with nice views of the Leidseplein, but the woman at the desk said they could be rather noisy. The hotel is very convenient for the art museums, and you can catch a tram just outside the hotel that will take you just about everywhere in the city. The hotel is close enough to everything, but far enough outside of the central section of the city to provide an escape from Amsterdam's hectic atmosphere. In regard to atmosphere, the hotel is rather generic Marriott American, and it doesn't offer European charm. So if you want that or if you want to be close to the train station, you probably should look elsewhere, but we found our experience here very positive.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>moobaby214
<Content>Great Hotel and Location! We arrived late afternoon with two rooms booked. I decided to pay vs using points. Both rooms were on the 10th floor on the executive levels. The renovation is done and the rooms are nice. Big flat screen TV, good lights, nice desk and a very modern bathroom. The lounge is on the 9th floor and gets very busy. Breakfast is good open 6am to 10am weekdays and 7am to 10am weekends. Cocktails hour is from 530pm to 930pm with food served. They have two computers in the lounge for free. Overall a good lounge with great finger food at night. The gym open 24 hours is not bad for a hotel. They have 10 or so lifestyle tread mills/bikes. A full free weight area with at least 10 workout machines. One large rack in the middle of the floor. They offer water and towels plus a locker room. I used the gym everyday and was never super busy. The location of the Marriott is very good. As with any hotel in Amsterdam, walking to anything is not that far. What I liked is it was quite. Our rooms faced the backside of the hotel not a sound could be heard. They do have rooms that face the main street. I would not want one of those. Not saying it would be bad but why take the chance. Ask for a room not facing the street. We walked the city 3 times from the Marriott it was easy. Overall I am very happy with our choice of the Marriott. While it is rather expensive you get what you pay for. We did eat here once and the food was excellent. No complaints here at all!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>am470
<Content>Booked Trip Using Points Hotel is located in a good spot. They upgraded us to a nice large room. We used Marriott points for our stay. The only problem I had was a shifty cashier in the gift shop that tried to give me the wrong change. Rooms are clean and comfortable.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dimebueno
<Content>Loved the Marriott I've heard that finding a nice, comfortable accomodation in Amsterdam can be tricky. Originally, I had planned to stay in a BB, but due to last minute booking, my choices were not available. However, I was delighted with the Marriott! It was extremely clean, with a super central location. The bed was very comfy and the bathroom was well appointed. The staff also were very friendly and helpful. Overall, I would definitely recommend this hotel to any tourist looking for a great location and a great hotel.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Robinhoodguy
<Content>civilized city accomodation we stayed at the amsterdam marriot a week ago. after having previously visited amsterdam and stayed at lovely quiet hotels out of town this time we needed to be in the centre due to some temporary mobility problems.the hotel didnt dissapoint; the rooms are beautiful and the beds simply amazing. i wish i new what they were, i'd buy one, we had two fantastic nights sleep in a huge king size.we had an incredible view of amsterdam, and the room was cool and airy. the only dissapointment i have is that there are no facilities to make tea or coffee in the room. We had upgraded to the executive lounge so could go and fetch whatever we wanted but it would be nice to not have to leave the room early in the morning for a tea or coffee. only a minor thing though. the executive lounge may not be amazing value for what you get in terms of food, but simply having a pleasant place to relax, get a drink and a cookie, maybe surf the internet and print off information for your next days activities was really useful and welcome. the breakfast buffet itself is fairly standard continental fayre, and i rather enjoyed the relaxed informal atmosphere in the room at breakfast time, people often share tables and it all seems a little friendlier than sitting just in rigid ones or twos.the staff were friendly and courteous, even the lady i almost floored swinging my bag back onto my shoulder in the corridor as we arrived! the concierge service was helpful in my request for sporting event tickets, though i did get 2 different answers from the 2 guys i asked over 2 days, i still got what i needed. the hotel doesnt feel oppresively posh; it has some pretty relaxed public areas, the bar actually looks like a bar and there's a place to grab a Kip sate and frites or a pizza as well as a more formal restaurant. (the pizzas looked very small though) while we were in reception we heard a bride from the UK complain that her room was filthy and demanding her money back but that wasnt our experience. i guess mistakes happen; or maybe some people just over react. after we left we spent a week in a cottage in rural holland with the family. but both of us wished we were heading back to the marriot for a few more nights before we returned home.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>sketchym8
<Content>Great hotel in top location managed to get this hotel at a great price but regardless it is a really nice hotel with all the amenities you would expect from a 4* hotel. bit twin room, good room service.breakfast is exp I think but there was no chance I was going to be up by 11am which is when breakfast finishes anyway.I would highly recommend this hotel and this area Leidesplein (spelling?).I have also stayed in the NH hotel which is almost next door and the NH is also just as nice but a little younger in it's decor and general mood.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>GlobalJana
<Content>Great Location You can't get a better location than the Marriott in Amsterdam! It is within walking distance to all the main touristy sites (Rieks Museum, Van Gogh Museum, coffeeshops, shopping, casino, canals). The hotel is recently remodeled and has a great workout facility and concierge.It is definitely a hotel for tourists and business people - if you want to get a better taste of Dutch culture, I wouldn't recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>name_screen
<Content>Great location in Amsterdam Stayed for 4 nights in Marriott Amsterdam on business trip. It is located close to plenty of restaurants and sight-seeing. A canal tour dock is just steps away from the hotel entrance. Rooms are nicely appointed and recently updated with comfortable beds, flat screen TVs, marble bathroom, etc. In-room safe is large enough for computer and other items; iron  hair dryer included in room. Restaurants on-site are not overly exciting, but breakfast is a nice spread (a little expensive). Museums are 10-15 walk from hotel, and Anne Frank house about 20 min walk. Trams are avaialble too. Would recommend the Marriott Amsterdam for tourists and business travelers.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rich934
<Content>Refurbished rooms are outstanding!!!! I recently stayed at this hotel through priceline for a very reasonable $110 and came away very impressed. If you read through the past reviews, the consensus is that the hotel, while in a great location near the Museums and Vondelpark, left a little to be desired. Recently the hotel went through some rather major renovations and this probably contributed greatly to the bargain price. Anyway, I cannot say enough about the quality of the newly renovated room I stayed in. You can get a good idea of the value management placed on imparting a luxurious impression to the visitor by the quality of the improvements. Lets start with a 42 inch high definition flat screen television. How is that for luxury. In the bathroom we have black granite countertops, Grohe faucets, Villeroy and Bosch sink, and real porcelain tub. Then we move on to what looks to be solid cherry wood accents throughout. In the bedroom we have a nice Marriott take on Sheratons Heavenly bed. Very cushy, plenty of pillows, etc.... The desktop is solid black granite, with a nice high end leather or leather look chair. The rug was a beautiful red pattern somewhat akin to a Belgian rug. You get the picture. This is serious luxury we are talking here. The room itself, and the outside matching renovated hallway look 5 star all the way. The other parts of the hotel. Well, they were not bad. The outside of the hotel is not renovated and appears seriously dated.Inside the lobby, the renovations are not as obvious. Although the area does look new, it does not stand out. The location of the hotel is quite ideal. Walking out the door straight ahead about two blocks you head straight into the center of one of the cities hottest Restaurant sections (Leidesplein). and a Tram stop for convenient transport to the Central Station area. You can of course walk to Central station from the Marriott, but it is quite a nice hike. I would say 40 minutes or so. Also a short walk accross the street are a number of Canal tours. To the right one block or so is one of the cities largest parks (Vondelpark), another block or so down is the Rijksmuseum where you can see many of Rembrandts finest works. The Van Gogh museum is also in this area.  I tried the Quo restaurant for the breakfast buffet at $25 Euros and was underwhelmed at the quality of the offerings at that price. A few days later, for comparison, I tried the breakfast buffet at the American Hotel and formed a similar impression. This time it was only $21 Euros. Anyway, you get the picture. If you can get this hotel at the price I paid via Priceline you will likely get yourself a luxurious room at a great location for sightseeing.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>nicolac
<Content>Great Location, fab hotel, breakfast staff rude We stayed in a party of 14 women - 4 in 3 rooms and 2 in 1. The hotel is gorgeous, fantastic location - watch out for trams and bikes they're everywhere!!!!!The rooms are gorgeous, spacious and cosy - beds are amazing i loved them!!!! paying 拢5 for music is abit much though!Breakfast....now this was fun!!!!! there were 4 people in each room and when you go for breakfast they ask you your room number - easy??? you'd think so - they ask 2 people then us and then start getting stroppy with us as they've already crossed our room off the breakfast list - every morning we explained that there was 4 people in each room.... every day we had the same problem. some of us asked for a boiled, fried or an omlette - but after having to wait 45 minutes then asking again and getting told off for it - stopped asking altogether - too difficult to get right. 1 female member of staff shouted at 1 of our party for ordering an omlette, waiting 1 hr and asking again - she said we shouldn't ask her as it was too confusing - evidently she ended up with nothing!!!!!! everything about the hotel is great apart from the retaurant staff's attitude at breakfast, sets the tone for the day!there is an irish bar accross from the hotel which serves fab food and is quite cheap on drinks for the start of evening out. Leidersklein sq is very good - bars and shops in the sun..... there is a small thai restaurant very near the sq which serves fantastic food very cheap. Stay away from rembrant sq if you don't want to see drunken (young) lads with pants down etc - can be off putting.taxi from airport to hotel is 35 euros - not bad for 4 people in each taxi.we had a great time and would definately go back - but on a room only basis - breakfast was not worth what we paid!enjoy  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	2	-1	

<Author>Longwood Traveler
<Content>Excellent location - Executive Level worth it. We stayed here for one night after having been in Amsterdam, Brussels and Cologne for the last week. We had reserved a free room through a frequent traveler program and were asked on check-in if we wanted to pay 50 Euro for an upgrade to the Executive Level. The upgrade would include an happy hour appetizer reception in the evening, breakfast in the morning, internet access and an upgraded room. We went for it and were glad we did.I've stayed in this hotel several times before and knew that the location was very convenient but I had never stayed in a room as large as the one we got as a result of the upgrade. It was huge and looked out at the Leidensplein. The happy hour was quite nice and the appetizers were good. The place was busy but not overly crowded. The bed was extremely comfortable and we had no problems sleeping even though the area is very busy and can be very noisy at night. The breakfast was good, not spectacular. Even so we had our fill. The internet stations in the executive lounge were useful and a printer was available.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fred99aaz
<Content>All Good Very nice hotel, friendly staff, clean, great location, thoroughly enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>UkGMan
<Content>Good location Other reviews say it - good location. Just been refurbished so some rooms absolutely pristine. Breakfast was weak point. Small breakfast room and not as good a choice as some other hotels. Will return unless got a recomendation to try some where else.Very busy foyer - took awhile to book in and out  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>ccadvice
<Content>City of Freedom and Fun We were on an independent European tour and spend the last 3 nights at the Amsterdam Marriott on points. We were given a very, very large room (509, I think), which kind of was on a corner. It was great!The hotel was crowded with tourists, many on bus trips, which crowds the front desk and concierge. No matter, we just up and went.Of course we walked everywhere. The location of the hotel is ideal, as already noted.The first morning we ate at the hotel. BIG mistake. 22 Euros per person for a buffett. Don't bother. Walk past the Vondelpark to the first street on your right. Walk down to one of the caffes and take your breakfast. Much more charming and much less $$! We are learning...never eat in the hotels! We had our last dinner in Amsterdam at the Italian Restaurant across from the hotel. It was lovely and we met a charming young couple...she was 7 months preggers wearing high heels..nevertheless, they hopped on their bikes and rode home! Bikes everywhere!!!!!!Anne Franke house is excellent and disturbing;most important.Take time to stroll the canals and feel the flovor of this lovely and most interesting city of freedom and fun!  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Bank-r
<Content>Very nice Our group (4 couples mid-thirties) stayed in the Marriott for 2 nights (May 11-13). We booked directly with Marriott and had no problems whatsoever. Price was a little bit high at 160 eur per night with no breakfast, but we enjoyed the experience. All 4 rooms were spotless, bathroom was small but very nice and everything lookedreally new. I normally try to travel to Four Seasons, and the Marriott, though not luxurious, was perfectly fine.My only complain would be that the mattress was too soft and with a duvet cover that made it even softer. I felt it on my back the day after, as I'm used to a harder mattress. We weren't cold though with a duvet under and a duvet on top. I recommend buying the tickets to the museums at the concierge. We didn't do it for the Rijksmuseum and had to wait in line for about 25 min. We learned form it and bought them the day after before goingto the Van Gogh museum. Both cost 10eur and both are worth a visit. We also took a 75min touristic cruise through the canals with the company recommended by the concierge (also 10eur). It was fine, though not spectacular.We used Schiphol Travel Taxi to get to the hotel from the airport. It was a lot cheaper as we were a group of 8 people. They made us wait for about half an hour in the airport, but got us to the hotel really fast. You can also take the train to centraal station for 3.5eur and then take trams 1, 2 or 5 to Leidsplein 1.60 eur per way.Leidsplein has many bars and restaurants. It's right next to the hotel, but it's far enough so you don't hear the noise. When we go back to Amsterdam we will defenetely try the Marriott again. Perfect location next to the Museums, next to Leidsplein and only 15-20 min walking to Dam square or centraal station.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Savvy_Shoppr
<Content>Loved it!       Amsterdam Marriott  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>OpalJean
<Content>Wonderful Hotel, Perfect Location We visited Amsterdam for 10 days. Hotel is perfectly placed near Liedseplein, Vondel Park and public transport both tram, bus and canal bus. Rooms were beautiful, beds luxurious and the hotel staff are the best I have met to date. Wonderful concierge services. Can't beat this experience!!!  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Michael from Vienna
<Content>Good Hotel, great location We stayed for the second time at the amsterdam Marriott for the weekend April 29/May 1.The rooms renovation program was finished by now and the rooms really met all of our expectations. Beds are very comfortable, air condition working properly and bathrooms are small but very elegant.We asked for a non-smoking room and two beds on a high floor ans all wished became fulfilled.Rooms to the front of the hotel have huge windows but traffic noise can be heard, even when windows are closed. Since we love the view, this does not affect us, but if you want to have a silent room, ask for courtyard or side street view.We did not have breakfast in the hotel, since its quite expensive and there are plenty of charming Cafes around. we also did not use internet this time since we thought it was overpaid.There is a Grill restaurant and a Pizza Hut in the Hotel, but we only had coffee there.The staff is helpful and friendly, there is even a small souvenir shop in the Lobby for those not wanting to look around for souvenirs.Our personal Hotel recommendations:Ask for two beds since those rooms are bigger the ones with one double bed, if you like a nice view, ask for front side but high floor (but be aware, that street can be heard).Avoid breakfast if its not included in the rate and avoid internet, look for internet cafes around, there are plenty !!Recommendations for Amsterdam:You have to make a Canal tour, there is a company right across the square, if you leave the hotel to your right, opposite the Casino.Go to see the red light district, but take care, no photos of the girls in the windows. There are guys around to avoid this.Just take good shoes and walk along the little canals early morning, such charming views.The hotel is renting bikes for 10 Euro per day, reserve the day before because they only have a limited number. Drive around early moning and go to Vodel Park next to the hotel, very peaceful dont worry the traffic, they take care on bikers, since biking is very common in Holland.We will for sure stay again at the Marriott.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Greenvilletravelers
<Content>Excellent Hotel This hotel exceeded our expectations. The staff was so friendly, professional, and efficient. The location of the hotel was ideal for walking for seeing all the sites and museums, and there were many nice restaurants and cafes close by. There was a trolley line and a canal line directly across the street. The hotel is not very attractive from the outside, but the rooms were extremely quiet and comfortable. The renovations were successful. The decor was very pleasant - the new bedding was superior! Our room was super quiet (even though the hotel was full for Queen's Weekend) and the 100% cotton sheets and fluffy pillows and mattress cover made it a great place to sleep. The chocolates from the turn-down service were better than the usual Marriott chocolate! The hot water was super hot. The bathroom amenities were very nice. The concierge gave us great recomendations. We were very happy with the staff, decor, cleanliness, safety, location and price. We would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HKing
<Content>nice people, new rooms, great location I recently stayed at this hotel and was very pleased to see that they have finished their renovations and it looks great. The beds are very comfortable! I had dinner in their Quoy restaurant and loved it. I was surprised at the quality of the kitchen - the meal was otustanding. The location is perfect for getting around town and very close to everything including the Rijksmuseum and the docks for taking canal tours. I will stay here again next time I am in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GBSwansea
<Content>Very good hotel We stayed in one of the newly refurbished rooms, clean and with new furniture and two very confortable large beds. The Hotel has an excellent location and is a very good base for exploring Amsterdam. The Concierge is helpful and can sell you tickets for most museums (at no extra costs) which allow to jump the queues. Definitely recommended, especially if you find a good rate including breakfast.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>omfs
<Content>Loved it       View from the room  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Rick30
<Content>Great location,staff excellent Stayed for 3 nights. great service from restaurant staff to concierge. All very friendly and helpful.Hotel completely remodeled, so clean and comfortable. We asked for quiet room and it was very quiet. Great location right off tram line, walking distance to everything. take tram from central station.Would stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>College Bowl
<Content>Remodeled and Reliable Returned to this property after four years and we were pleased with the remodel. The room was small but well equipped and the bed was wonderful. Service was excellent and the concierge lounge was well stocked and provided decent food.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>brandita
<Content>No Heat in Our Room This marriott is currently undergoing construction and I would not reccomend staying there until the construction is complete. They started work at 8 in the morning every morning and woke us up. Our room, number 725, also lacked a heater which was yet to be installed and this made it very cold. The staff is very friendly and helpful and this helped compensate for the other problems we encountered. The concierge is also very knowledgeable and useful. The rooms and bathrooms are quite spacious and redone well and have good views of the nearby sqaure. It is conviently located next to the Leidsplein which has many restruants, coffee shops, bars, etc. It is also very close to the museum quarter.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>4vrongo
<Content>renovated rooms lovely but make sure yours has heat We stayed at the Marriot on March 20-23 with our two young adults and our past exchange student from Spain. The location is great for families with teenagers or young adults as it is a very safe but active place for them to be. They went out at night without us and we felt very secure about it.  The hotel renovations are still going on as reported and for us the first day started noise at 8:30 the next at 7 am. We had booked two executive rooms that were on two separate floors 3 and 7th because the executive floor is not finished however both were renovated rooms which are lovely. Only problem our second room with our kids did not have heat. Totally renovated with all the thermostats but no vent. At 1 am when our kids called down they at first said just turn on the thermostat then after complaints sent someone up who noticed no vent. They then sent a portable heater. At 330 euro's a night this was kind of overpriced for not having heat when it was only a high of 39 during the day. We were very happy though with the friendliness of the staff and really our only problem was the heat. In the excecutive lounge which is located temporarily next to the meeting rooms they do take down breakfast at 10am so if you are on vacation with young people you have to be prompt.I think once all the renovations are complete it will be an excellent hotel to stay at.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>tatallen
<Content>Excellent Hotel choice for families. We took our 2 kids: 12 and 15 to Amsterdam for Spring Break and I think this Hotel was a great choice.We got a room with 2 double beds and a rollaway (no extra charge); The room was in the renovated part of the Hotel and furnished with very good taste.The location is excellent because you can walk to Museums, restaurants, and the City Center but it's in a quieter part of town without being far from the action.The Hotel is 2 blocks from the Rijksmuseum.Service was very good by American standards and excellent by European standards.The breakfast buffet at the Quoy restaurant, located on the ground floor was great and I do recommend this hotel to any family with children since it's very difficult to find hotels in Europe with accomodations for older children at no extra charge.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>SpottedCat
<Content>Great hotel, very expensive We stayed at this property on March 13, 2007 after deciding to stay another night in Amsterdam. We had previously stayed at the Hotel Vondel, and it was booked for that evening. The Mariott was a very nice property, however, fairly expensive. We were out and about the city most of the evening, so we spent little time in the room. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom updated and clean. We got a great night's sleep here (probably the best while in Europe). The concierge was helpful in calling us a cab to Schipol in the morning. We needed more Euros and used the hotels cash exchange service with a credit card. I do not recommend this, as we were charged a high fee and got a low exchange for our dollar. Overall, I would spend the money on this hotel only if you plan to spend a great deal of time in the room. The Hotel Vondel was a better quality and a much more reasonable rate.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>koala
<Content>very average We have stayed here one night only because my husband had some business appointments overhere. At first, we booked trough their website and there is comment because some construction is going on. The noise was terrible. It continued till late at night and at 7.15 am it started again! Check in was not really fluently. We brought our 7 weeks old daughter with us and we booked a crib. It was not in the room so I was checking at the front-desk where it was and the girl said that I didn't reserve it. And it was on my confirmation!!! She wanted to start a discussion with me about it but I walked away. After we talked to one of the (friendly) lady's at the executive lounge the crib arrived.We also had asked for a newly renovated room. The rooms on the club-floor were not renovated yet but it didn't matter to me. But the lady at front-desk she said all these renovated rooms where already occupied without even looking in their system!Also the club-lounge was in one of the meeting rooms at the first level. Very crowded with SQ-airline crew who saw the buffet as their dinner....Also the rooms at club-level (not renovated, very old but even full-price!) where in a hallway which was partly smoking and partly non-smoking. SO the smoke of the smoking-rooms penetrated into the non-smoking rooms! All in all not really a good experience. Location is good so maybe we try the hotel again later this year when renovations are finished.Personnel not friendly! Most of them had very much an attitude. Only the lady's at the club-lounge where friendly.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>3	1	1	4	2	1	1	3	

<Author>siobwills
<Content>Cant fault it I stayed in this Hotel with 2 girlfriends while staying in amsterdam for 2 party nights. The Hotel rooms have just had a face lift. They are clean, modern and comfortabel. The bathrooms are clean, small but adequate for us. If you are taking a family Im not sure wheather it would be big enough. If you're a stag or hen party The Marriott is probaly not the place for you as it is calm and quiet. Also it is quite a distance to Rembrat Square and The Red Light District, the 2 main night spots.I would recommend this Hotel to friends and family.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Cosmotrotter
<Content>Where else but the Marriott Had a great stay: Warm  proficient staff at reception desk and the guys at the concierge are worth their weight in gold. They got me tickets to the Keukenhof  the theater in the time it took for me blink.For the best rooms, ask for the corner rooms or the rooms overlooking the Leidseplein for some action.Perfectly central location with tram stopping in front of the hotel, shopping opposite the hotel and smack in the middle of the cultural district with several musea in walking distance. Anything beyond that: Rent the bicycles from the concierge to explore the city, like a typical Dutchie, but be careful in traffic.Great American hospitality, an example of how Mr. Marriott's hotels should be run.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dwbrouwer
<Content>A mainstay in Amsterdam The Marriott Amsterdam is always a great choice for the American Business Traveler in Amsterdam. If you are used to the American style luxuries during a business trip, then this hotel has everything you need. They have a gymnasium facility, a sports bar, and even a Pizza Hut in their location. All is definitely giving the American traveler the comforts of home in the heart of Amsterdam. The breakfast buffet (while very pricey) is absolutely a business travelers dream given that most Dutch business lunches consist of a slice of meat on a piece of bread. Fill up on Breakfast and you can last most of the day. The hotel is also located near to Leidseplein which is great if you are into sampling the various restaurants from around the world that are located there.If you are looking for a safe, American style hotel choice in Amsterdam, this hotel wins hands down.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LizzieAn
<Content>New Year In Amsterdam Visited Amsterdam and stayed at the Marriott for 5 days over the New Year period The location of the hotel is great, close to museums (Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum, ) and a short walk to the Leidseplein with many restaurants  bars. It is right beside the canal bus stop and a canal boat trip. It's also close to the shopping on PC Hoofstraat.Check-in was very easy and friendly, and the concierge was extremely knowledgeable. I would follow their recommendations for restaurants and you won't go wrong - Fiorentina ( Italian) , Gaucho ( Argentinian steak) and Punte Mas ( Indonesian) were all first class. In addition the meals in the Characters and Quoy in the hotel were good. And we would recommend the Aran Irish Pub for breakfastOur room was on the front of the hotel and was large and comfortable - the bathroom looked a bit tired but was perfectly adequate. Not all rooms have been upgraded as yet as the hotel is going thorugh a refurbishment programme. The room had a view of Leidesplein which was great for celebrating New Year ( as it was raining !) !Overall a good hotel and will be great when the refurbishment is complete - but don't let that put you off right now. It is close to many attracttions and has good rooms, services and excellent staff.I would most definitely stay here again next time visiting Amsterdam  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>highfly
<Content>Marriott was fine as usual       bed  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alpones
<Content>Not 4 Star! This hotel is not a four star. The rooms are ageing, the bathroom needed a face-lift, the rooms reek of smoke (even the non-smoking ones!) and there are no tea/coffee making facilities in the room.The carpet in the room looked like it had not been cleaned in years - so take your slippers! The bathroom whilst old, was clean and the bed was quite comfortable.The only thing 4 star about this place is the lobby and the price.I would avoid this hotel and stay somewhere else on my next trip.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	5	1	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Harrald
<Content>Call before you book We stayed in the Amsterdam Marriott for 4 days in early Dec. We had 2 rooms on the third floor that were down the hall from each other. Most nights both rooms were awakened by the sounds of construction during the night. One room had a flood in the bathroom from the room above that was fixed quickly. One morning the elevators didn't work for about 30ish minutes. To be fair to the hotel they are in the middle of renovation. I have stayed in Marriott properties for many years and in many countries. This was by far the worst one I've ever stayed in. As I stated though, they are renovating. If you plan on using this hotel I suggest you call ahead and see if they have finished the work. Also if you need to stay there soon, you should ask for a new room.If I return to Amsterdam I will choose another location and check on the status of the Marriott while in the city. The location is good and the tram stops outside the door. The hotel restaurant is overpriced (like all hotel resaurants) but there are a number of other choices within a few minutes walk. I took no pictures since it would be unfair to the hotel to show rooms that will soon be updated.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>monkeybot
<Content>Very good experience Very little to fault with this hotel. Fantastic location on the Leisesplein near various museums, bars and the lovely VondelPark. Reception staff were brilliant and very helpful. The room was very nice with a very comfortable bed and pillows. The property is slightly dated, but everything is tidy and didn't detract from my stay. Would stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>JohBe
<Content>Fine Stay!       Marriott Hotel Amsterdam  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>gottogonow
<Content>Four stars, hardly! We stayed in the hotel for 3 nights starting Sept. 29th. We requested a canal view, no smoking, guaranteed late arrival.We arrived at the hotel from the airport around 10:30 at night.When I asked about our room being a canal room I was told that there were none available. I informed the clerk that we had requested a canal room she informed us that because we had were arrived late and it was no longer available. I showed her my confirmation sheet and she suddenly found us a canal room.I was tired but very polite. I asked if I could get a bell person to with our luggage we were told, no one was available. We took our luggage in two trips . Our room turned out to be smoking and there were cigarettebutts all over the little balcony and the room reeked of cigarettes.As it was the beginning of our trip, I just decided to not make a big deal out of it and let it go. The bed was wonderful and very well appreciated. The location was great and was the meeting place for the tour we were to go on so we decided to make do.The next morning we ate breakfast (included in the room rate)in the dining room, it was excellent. Much to my surprise when I happened to check our account on the TV set, they had charged us an additional 25 euros for breakfast. I went downstairs with my confirmation and they removed the charge. The second day they did it again and I went down and they removed it. By the third day I had let them know I was more than a little irritated. We spent almost $900 for a lousy stay. I would not recommend this hotel. There are much better choices. We have had much better rooms and most importantly service at every other Marriott, including Courtyard Marriotts we have stayed at. A disapointment  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	5	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>BiotechTraveler
<Content>Nice beds, but pricey Nice enough hotel, but the place is not quite up to Marriott's US standards. For Europe, the rooms are good size, and so is the bathroom. However, the towels were somewhat low quality and not as big as expected. The shower is European, which means it appears as an afterthought in a deep tub, and the bathroom is what gave me the feeling that this should not have been a Marriott but maybe a Fairfield Inn. The bed however was outstanding! Rooms and bathrooms are nice and clean. The lobby is quite nice, with a free coffee dispenser in the corner (mornings only) - no coffee in the room. Staff is nice and helpful. Internet is around 25 Euro per day.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	4	1	

<Author>WStaso
<Content>Mixed feelings       view of double beds  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>FingalDublin
<Content>first rate Myself and my wife stayed for 2 nights in the Marriott in late august and found it to be excellent. On arrival we found the staff very friendly and only to happy to help.The room and bathroom was as you would expect ,spotless and well stocked.Something not often seen in rooms but as important as the toilet was an ironning board and iron,very very handy.We had breakfast to the room which was plentiful if not a bit expensive, but the place makes you want to treat yourself . As i said the staff were only to happy to help with directions to attractions or if needed sold 24 hr tram tickets which we used and found great.Best value and only 2 tram stops away from the hotel was the Heineken Brewery,鈧?0 admission, a must.Also only about 200mts from the hotel was the canal cruise which lasted about 75min also a must.The Redlight district is another must see if your inclined,tacky but part of the tourist trail.As i have said trams are good value and regular ,and 2min from hotel at the buzzing Leidseplein area.We took the connexion shuttle from the airport to the hotel which would cost 鈧?1 one way 鈧?9 return,and found it slow with long waiting time and little order once a mini bus did show,this was the one down side of the weekend.We took a taxi back which cost 鈧?0 and had us at the airport in 15 min,however next time it will be train to central station and tram to hotel(no 1/2/or5)as the public transport is exellent.All said the hotel was first rate ,very comfortable and in an exellent location,a big upside to Amsterdam is everyone without exception speaks english, its unreal.I hope you find this information of use,enjoy Amsterdam.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ATLfunguys
<Content>Great We booked two rooms for 6 people, rooms were large for Europe standards, beds very comfortable, has AC but doesnt blow out very cold but ok with window open. Bathrooms large with lots of hot water. Staff is incredibly helpful and friendly. Fitness room is large and better than most in the states. Great location easy to find and get to most places. 2 blocks from Van Gogh about 4 blocks from Flower Market. Lots of clubs and restaraunts nearby. Will stay there again!!!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pnatale
<Content>bad experience Although this hotel is in a great location in the museum area of Amsterdam, I had a bad experience, that really ruined the stay. I was there in august, and it was quite hot. When we checked in, I noticed that the room was quite warm, and called the desk. The maintenance man said he would have to open the wall to fix the air, and requested that i be sent to another room. That room, while not quite as warm, never cooled off either. After suffering through a long night, the next morning, I again complained, and the front dest this time told me the engineers had turned off the air the following day, and were turning it back on, and it should be 13 degrees cooler by the end of the day. When I returned to the room at n oon, it was warmer than ever (the sun was now out).I finally gave up and checked into the NH hotel across the street and had a lovely time.The reason I booked a Marriott, was because i am aware that many Hotels in Amsterdam do not have air conditioning, and I knew it would be hot , so i booked a MArriott with air conditioning. I feel I was lied to and got the run around.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pamandgary
<Content>Marriot was fine for us! This hotel is central, clean and allows four in a room which is why my three children and I decided to book online. We had requested a non smoking room on the top floor, 2 double beds, baby cot and extra towels and to my surprise all had been arranged - something I hadn't expected! The staff were very helpful and friendly. No complaints!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>EUEx-pat
<Content>Not so great. Room: We had a corner room with king bed so it was big. We were on the third floor. Decor is outdated. Carpet was pulling away from the wall. Couch in the room had a wooden plank underneath it therefore uncomfortable and made a lot of noise when sitting down. Couch was stained. Bed was comfortable.Bathroom: Grout in the shower was extremely dirty. Tub had stains. Shower curtain had mold on it. Shower pressure was good but temperature was hard to manage. Toilet and sink were okay. Nice toiletries were provided.Service: Very good. Staff was nice and helpful. Let us store our luggage after check-in. Breakfast was okay...they had a good buffet with fruit, scrambled eggs, pastries, etc. You could order an omelet and waffles if you wanted.Amenities: Gift shop, hair cutter on site. Daily parking fee of 25 euros.Neighborhood: walking distance to Rijksmuseum and Van Gogh Museum. We expected more for the price of 235 euros not including parking.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	5	4	4	

<Author>bezoona
<Content>Fantastic Location - Great Hotel Despite having booked through Priceline (which sometimes gets you snotty service) we were given a fantastic (and huge!) room on the 10th floor with a great view of the city. The hotel is in a perfect location in the middle of all the hub-bub, just walk outside and you're in a great area to sit at a bar and people watch. The hotel had some fantastic free amenities including a brand new large gym, sauna, laundry room, and they sell the tickets to all the museums at the front desk so you don't have to wait in line. I would highly recommend the Marriott because of its location (first), cleanliness, new-ness, and the super helpful staff.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>St._Louie
<Content>Good Hotel and Location Nice facility in good location. Walk to museums with canal cruise across the street. Next to Vondelpark (watch out for fast-moving bikes!) Clean with quiet rooms. Ask for an executive room if you need convenient space for luggage in hallway by room door. Used Marriott points and would stay at this hotel again.Buffet breakfast was good, but too pricey if it's not included in your room rate. Recommend restaurant called Puri Mas within walking distance if you'd like to try the an Indonesian rijsttafel. Smallest fixed price selection is quite sufficient.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>AgentJim
<Content>Super location, Nice soft Beds       Leidseplein area and the Tram  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MrTheKid
<Content>Great Location but a bit dated....       Corner Executive Suite  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Rooms Overall, I would have given this hotel an excellent rating had the dining options been better. The room we stayed in was very nice, very spacious, and a had a wonderful view out onto the street. We had two queen beds and both worked well with the room. This room was definitely not one of your typical small European rooms. My only large complaint about the property was the dining. The first night, because of jet lag, I ate in the hotel bar. The food wasn't bad, but the service was slow. The other dining options, their fine dining, didn't look to be too fine, so we opted out of eating there and instead ate across the street at Bice which was very good. There is also a Pizza Hut which occupies the hotel building which devalues one's perception of the dining that the hotel offers. I'm in the hotel business and putting a pizza hut in a four star hotel would be something I would avoid at all costs.The service was good as the concierge was very helpful for dinner and for sight seeing. The only small complaint was how long it took to have certain things delivered to the room. I had a power converter delivered to the room and that took what seemed like 20 minutes.Overall, the hotel itself is very nice and the lobby is nicely done. My only complaint is the dining.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RWAppleWannabe
<Content>Great location, extremely comfy beds I stayed at this Marriott over Memorial Day weekend 2006. Using Priceline, my husband and I (and friends we traveled with) got great deals on our rooms - we couldn't have been happier with the location! It was just a 5 to 10-minute walk to Vondelpark, Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum, and great concert venues like the Melk Wag. Although the Leidseplein (the large square on which the hotel sits) is well-served by trams, we much preferred walking everywhere, which was easy thanks to the hotel's location. It took just 20 minutes along the very scenic and nearby Prinsengracht to reach the Anne Frank House and to take in the stores and cafes in the Jordaan neighborhood. After long days of touring and late nights enjoying the nightlife, we particularly appreciated the superior beds. The mattress has a featherbed top, and the down comforters and super-fluffly pillows reminded me of the beds at the Ritz Carlton. I was surprised and impressed. The concierge was always helpful and friendly when I asked for directions to different places. Overall, the Marriott's a great choice if you're in town for a few days playing tourist.PS - the majority of the Rijksmuseum is closed for renovation right now, so check on what's open before you buy the pricey tickets there. When we went, just a fraction of the rooms were open and masterpieces were jumbled together in small rooms. We had a much better time at the Van Gogh museum than at the Rijksmuseum.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Lievesleys
<Content>Excellent Hotel !! Absolutely fabulous Hotel!!.Service was excellent, rooms large and well equipped, mini bar(re-stocked daily), bath robes, slippers, tv, telephone, internet access and 24 hour room service..Beds were turned down each night and chocolates/sweets left- nice touch.Nothing is to much trouble, the concierge will arrange taxi's, book canal trip/musuem/ trip tickets etc.Booked directly threw marriot for my husbands 40th Birthday.Breakfast and cocktails were included daily in the executive lounge (where internet access was also available).The hotel also has a fully equipped gymnasium.Location perfect right in the Leidesplein area and very convenient for all transport links.Would highly recommend and defiinatley stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>really disappointed I can not believe this hotel has such rating stay away from it, I think it deserve one star the most. The service is really bad and not to mention things disappear from your room and their respond is we are investigating it, they charge you for compelementry coffee, and it takes them five hours to get you a taxi to the air port. Bottom line very expensive for the service for the same money you can get a real 5 star hotel. Trust me stay away. Anti american.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>LauraKK
<Content>Convient  We were unexpectedly pleased with the Amsterdam Marriot during our recent 5 day stay there. It was ''tulip season'', and all the cute little canal BB's were booked, so we grabbed what we could get and took the Marriot. We were afraid it would be an American ''tour bus'' experience, but were so surprised with how nice it was. First of all, the location is terrific. You are 3 minutes away from the major restaurant areas., bus to the airport ($2.50 USD, what a bargain), and several of the canal cruises and the Rembrandt and Van Gough museums. Location could NOT have been any better.The rooms were very large by European standards, and the showers powerful and linens very nice and comfy. The staff was friendly, helpful and knowledgeable about sights in Amsterdam. Despite the large numbers of American tourists, there was always someone at the Concierge waiting for us, and willing to go out of their way to help us with postage for postcards, booking restaurants, getting theatre or museum tickets, etc. The location was perfect, as mentioned. You are within easy walking distance of all the major sites and restaurants, museums. We had a lovely balcony view of the canal, and couldn't have been happier. We'll definitely stay here next time.BTW, breakfast in nice, but way too expensive for Amsterdam. Book without breakfast and explore the area within 3 blocks of hotel for fabulous breadfast fare for 1/5 the cost!  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>view2
<Content>Good hotel We stayed at the Amsterdam Marriott during Queensday weekend. Arriving noon Friday there was a long check in / out que. We later learnt this was due to problems with the newly installed computer system, hence express (in-room via TV) check-out was not working and everyone had to queue up in the lobby.First impressions good (despite the queue), staff were welcoming us and smiling. On our previous Amsterdam trips we have had some terrible hotel experiences (i.e. Old Quarter), so we have learned the hard way that AMS hotel rooms are small. The rooms in Marriott were decent sized, though small compared to any US Marriott. Still, nicely appointed and clean. 28 TV, mini bar, wines offered for 7 Euro, which is not bad. Decent amenities in bathroom. Large safe. Ice-machine down the corridor, which suited our party weekend (Queensday) nicely.Nightly turn-down service, which basically is making the bed ready for night and leaving a little chocolate for each guest. Used the business center on Saturday morning, my girlfirend and I each got a 45 min Internet access to the computers in the business center. This set ut back 15 Euros each. Unbelievably pricey. In fact most extras were highly priced. We booked through Priceline, thus had no breakfast included. Because it cost 26 Euros each we never ate breakfast at the hotel. Just not worth it for breakfast. Our rate was 108 Euros a night, which I think is a good rate for this hotel standard in Amsterdam. They mentioned Priceline at check-in and that it was pre-paid. No problem.Location is excellent, right in Leidseplein and close to museums. Much nicer area to stay in that Dam Square / Damrak or the Red Light District which we have stayed in previously.Recommended.  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good staff let down by terrible admin facilities I have stayed at the Amsterdam Marriott on a number of occasions and had pretty hassle-free stays. This time however was not as good. First the positives, the staff are extremely welcoming and friendly, even more so if you speak Dutch as I do. I was made very much to feel at home. The rooms are a good size for Amsterdam and the hotel is in the heart of the action, a few metres walk from Leidseplein. Coming from Schiphol, the train to Centraal Station is fine, however the tram ride to Leidseplein can take a while as they stop for ever to let passengers on. The rooms were also very clean. However, they have just installed a new computer system which had more than its fair share of problems. First of all, check in was delayed, with many guests hanging around in the lobby, by the fact that there had been a computer failure. I handed over my credit card as a guarantee, however, 10 days later they haven't taken the authorization off my account and more than that, they have taken even more money off it. When I called up to find out what had happened, they had absolutely no idea and could not help me at all. All they could do was apologize and tell me that my data are completely secure and that the authorizations should disappear soon. Not much comfort to me. I have been advised by my credit card company to wait for a few more days and then to take more action if necessary. I would recommend perhaps leaving a cash deposit instead while they sort out their technology. The other thing is the in-room wireless broadband, why is something that should be free to business travellers, extortionately priced at EUR20 per day?  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Xamcory
<Content>Great Hotel Flew to Amsterdam Thursday night and landed about 9:00 am Check in at 11:00 am and was in the room at 11:15 am.. great service and great location, the trams come right in front of the hotel and the square is right there, the coffe shops are very cool recommed rookies, there for two nights, priceless, the offer free beer in the club lounge but charge for the acholol, over all this Hotel was very good, and the Locoation is prime  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kjh888
<Content>Accommodation good, service disappointing We stayed at the Marriott Amsterdam for Easter weekend 2006. Overall, it provided a high standard of accomodation, however service was disappointing and I at 鈧?15 a night I wouldn't say it was great value for money.The location of the hotel is great - at the southern end of the Liedelsplein and very close to the Vondelpark. Trams 1,2 and 5 run regularly from the central station and you can pick up a canal tour from very close by.Perhaps it was because we arrived on Good Friday, but the check-in queue was long and slow moving. Our room request of a high floor room and a cot were met however. The room was quite small but spotlessly clean and had most of the expected facilities. We were disappointed at no tea and coffee facilities in the room. The bathroom was dated, but clean - I would expect more from a 5 star hotel however. Our room was supposedly executive - I'm not sure what made it qualify for this rating!Breakfast was included in our room rate but costs between 22 and 27 Euros if you purchase separately. We had free and unlimited choice from the buffet which was vast and good quality - masses of choice and even Stollen and easter eggs on Easter Sunday. There were plenty of tables, although we always had to queue to be seated. Staff were helpful and friendly. On our final day they provided breakfast to take away as we had an early flight - this was very convenient.We travelled with a toddler and the hotel catered for this well- a cot was provided in the room and a highchair for breakfast. Staff were considerate towards the need of a small child too.Service on the whole was disappointing for a 5 star hotel - our room only came with one bathrobe, and we asked for another one at reception three times (we stayed three nights, and asked every night). They never delivered and we ended up stopping a passing maid for assistance. It was such a simple request and yet they failed to meet it 3 times! It wasn't important to our stay, but it was the principle.I wouldn't discourage people from staying at this hotel, but feel it is more 4 star than 5 star, and might not be the best example of the Marriott brand.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>ikoihil
<Content>Large Rooms, Good Heater, Clean Bathrooms, COMFY Beds Large rooms, near Van Gogh Museum and the Leidseplein, friendly service, comfortable beds and duvees, puffy pillows and decent food. Biiiig downside: the street in front of the hotel is VERY loud at night... get a room on the back of the hotel on the highest floor available, unless you plan on being up all night too.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jengator
<Content>Pleasant surprise My husband and I were in Holland for a wedding this past January and went to Amsterdam for 3days. I ended up using my Marriott points for a free stay, and though most reviews were good, I still didn't know what to expect.We were impressed... the room was very clean and the service was outstanding (better in fact than we've gotten in the states). Not sure about the food as we always went out to eat... The location is fantastic.Highly recommended.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mmp92130
<Content>Solid **** I booked this hotel through Priceline and was a bit apprehensive after reading some reviews and complaint about the service. My experience there was great from checking-in to check-out. Location is great. Rooms are very comfortable and well appointed if maybe a bit dated. The best surprise was the service - I did not have to ask for anything twice and when I did, help was at my door instantaneously (from small problem with plumbing - was moved to another room, to having my coat pressed). The hotel has an awesome, if a bit overpriced, breakfast and I also had a very good dinner there in the evening (surprised by the solid wine selection with reasonable prices). The personal service, the restaurant and the bar ( I did not try PizzaHut,but I'd guess it's better then what you get in the States if that's your fare or if you are with kids)on the premises made my stay very comfortable considering I got to Amsterdam with a cold. So, thanks again to the Amsterdam Marriott staff! Everything in a walking distance or a short tram ride. Definitely recommended  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Steveracer
<Content>Very Nice Having had to change from the supposedly 4 Star Hotel we booked into just down the road because of its poor state. This was very nice indeed. The hotel has a good location minutes from connecting trams to and from the main station, with plenty going on, shops,bars and resturants. Our room just over the R on the Marriot sign out the front of the hotel was nice and spacious, clean and tidy. The view to the front of the Hotel was lovely. No problems with any noise. The staff were very helpful and friendly and above all courteous. Nothing was to much trouble. Finding rooms available in this hotel made a pleasent stay in Amsterdam after a dreadful start. Despite the weather we would stay here again and would recommend to others. Please note though we did not eat at the hotel preferring to use resturant facilities outside.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>wanderlust55
<Content>Americanized Hotel in Amsterdam Banking on the reputation of Marriot hotels, I booked a weekend at this hotel when I became engaged. The hotel has none of the european charm that other luxury hotels in Amsterdam seem to have in abundance.The multilingual hotel staff was knowledgable and able to make reservations at nearby resturants (a must in amsterdam) and arrange for anything our hearts desired.This is a good hotel for families or large groups who need looking after but I recommend looking elsewhere if you are interested in local flavor.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lachen
<Content>Decent Hotel, good location We spent 2 nights here and found it to be pretty nice. Not a lot of European Chram however after 2 weeks at the in laws, I was looking for American comforts. My husband is a platinum member so I have seen my share of Marriotts. While this was not the most luxurious, it was comfortable, clean and the staff was unbelievably friendly. We had an executive room and because of the tiny entry way, we were able to put our 2 yo to bed and still read or watch TV. We had a low level room facing the square and had no problem with noise. I also found the breakfast buffet to be very impressive, albeit a little excessive. Regardless, it was a good location and I would absolutely stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>markrandom
<Content>Perfect Location... what a deal!!! We got this hotel on priceline for the paltry sum of just 拢42. We were totally surprised because it's a fantastic hotel (and we stay in a lot of hotels), smack bang in the middle of the action, near to Vondelpark and the Museumplein (Van Gogh, Rijksmusuem etc...). Leidseplein is just across street! You can catch a No 1, 2 ,5 tram from central station to Liedseplein. It鈥檚 a three minute walk from there. The beds are very comfortable. The mini bar is well stocked and the prices are more than reasonable... just 7 EUROS for a bottle of wine鈥?nice Merlot too! Great room service, nice lobby, great concierge, bellman etc... I don't know if I would pay rack rate for this hotel because I never pay rack rate at any hotel anymore鈥?since I discovered priceline. This is undoubtedly the best deal in Amsterdam at this price. If only it had a swimming pool... never mind... I challenge anybody to complain if they get this hotel. Tip: Ask for a Leidseplein view!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel, Nice Location I have stayed at this hotel several times, and it is very consistent...exactly what you would expect from a well-run Marriott. Staff is friendly, but nothing outstanding. Concierge is knowledgeable. The hotel has an excellent location, near the Leidseplein, public transportation, Vondelpark, and museums. Complimentary coffee/tea in the lobby in the mornings, but no coffee maker in the room. Pizza Hut is good, but I have never eaten in the fine-dining restaurant. Rooms are nice (you won't have to take the risk that you often have in Europe that the rooms are small or dirty), and the new beds are super-comfortable!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An Average Stay - typical multi-national chain       The Marriott Bedroom - Room 514  
<Date>Nov 23, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jimtexas
<Content>Dreadful service -- Absolutely dreadful I could go on and on about the dreadful service at this hotel, but i'll just summarize it all with the following statement. The front line staff are not interested in the least with listening to or addressing a customer's needs or concerns. They are only interested in getting you in the door and up to a room--not about any preferences or reservation confirmations. They are all too quick to make excuses--and the same excuses over and over and over again.I'm a Marriott Platinum member and have been for years and have NEVER been treated with such indifference at a Marriott property.The front line people at this hotel do not care about customer service--even their most loyal customers.Now about the actual hotel--it is located in a great area with abundant transportation options. The hotel itself is rather tired. The first room they thought they would put me in was about the size of a postage stamp. After my incessant complaints and talking with just about everyone in the hotel, I was moved to a room that was of normal size. The effort to get moved to this second room was FAR BEYOND any I would have expected.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>penguinsix
<Content>Nothing Special I see such glowing reviews and I simply can't agree. My stay was nothing special. Mundane is a good word. I didn't find the bathrooms to be overly clean, and the carpet was definitely worn out a bit. This is an older Marriott and in need an upgrade. If the best Marriott in the world is a 4, and the worse a 1, this is a 2..heading downward.The location was quite nice. Make that can't be beat, but cabbies running from the train station to this hotel will try to rip you off if you don't have the right accent. Staff was quite friendly and helpful. Run stumbler on your PC in the window and you might be able to get a lower cost wifi signal from some nearby buildings rather than the expensive in-room rates they charge at the hotel.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A very good hotel provided you stay away from Characters. The hotel is ideally situated for shopping, museums and canal trips. The hotel staff are extremely helpful and friendly. The rooms, even the standard ones have everything you need and are maintained to a very high standard. Breakfast in this Marriott is a must. I think the breakfast experience in this hotel is probably the best we have come across in any major European city we have visited. It is a must for anyone visiting the hotel. The breakfast staff are great. Unfortunately the same cannot be said for the Character鈥檚 Bar and Restaurant within the hotel. During our stay the hotel鈥檚 main restaurant was closed on a Sunday and Monday. On the Sunday after a hard day鈥檚 sightseeing we returned to the hotel and decided to have a meal in Character鈥檚. As the menu was not extensive we decided on Burgers with the instruction that these should be very well done. Half way through the meal we both discovered that the core of the burger was raw. As we had eaten a good bit of the meal we made no complaint. Nevertheless we pointed out the raw meat to the waiter. He apologised and said 鈥業 don鈥檛 know what was wrong with the kitchen staff tonight鈥? Yes I would stay at this hotel again but I would not give the Charter's Bar and Restaurant my custom.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Akba
<Content>"Nice Stay in Amsterdam" From restaraunts to sightseeing to shopping, you can't beat the location of this hotel. It is close to everything. The hotel staff is very friendly and helpful. Definitely one of the better Marriotts in Europe. Make sure you take the canal boat tour as it will be the best part of your Amsterdam trip. 9 euro's for adults and 5 euro's for kids for a 75 minute tour. The canal tour boat dock is located directly across the canal from the Hard Rock Cafe. (about a 4 minute walk from the hotel) We stayed here with our kids and they loved it, especially having a Pizza Hut on the bottom floor. If you take your car, be prepared to pay 25 euro's a night for parking. Have a great stay.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okay - wouldn't stay again Stayed here 4 nights last week - using Marriott points so it was free. Hard to argue with that price, but wouldn't stay again. Our first room faced the Leidesplein; sirens three times during the night woke our baby up screaming. Moved to another room the next day (no problem from the front desk), but in that room the A/C wasn't working the first night, fixed afterward. Typical Marriott decor, room size and layout. Bathrooms in need of serious cleaning/regrouting. Not bad, just no character at all. The hotel supplied a crib, an ancient pack-and-play type with no mattress to speak of. I expected better from a Marriott, which I think describes my feelings about our entire stay - I expected better. On the plus side - a convenient location next to the Vondelpark and close to the museums.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mark60657
<Content>One of the few good ones Great service, unbeatable location...where in Europe you have to struggle to fit into the 2x4 bathroom space, this hotel has a great bath, close to Leidesplein (1min walk), Tram 2/5 stop right outside, also close to all museums...bars/clubs...Best to book on priceline, select 4 star and put a price of $80-90/night, more than likely you will get this, its one of the very few 4 star hotels in AMS taht is on priceline. They even have a turndown service!! Enjoy!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mishark
<Content>Excellent Stay Stayed three nights - although possibly not the best exterior, beautiful interior, foyer, rooms, bar etc. Friendly staff, couldn't have asked for more. One problem, heard noisy guests in next room, informed management, problem immediately rectified. Highly Recommended.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great trip We went to Amsterdam From April 28th thru May 4th. The hotel is right at the city center. Close to everything. The accomodations were nice, the people that worked there were more than helpful. We purchased our trip through Priceline.com and got a great deal. We highly recommend staying here.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel This hotel was in a great location, easy to get to by tram from Central Station. It is off the leidesplein, which is a little touristy but we found everywhere was easy to walk from and easy to find your way back. The staff was friendly and the rooms were nice. The bed was very comfortable with a pillowtop, down pillows and duvet. This was a great hotel for a priceline!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay!! We loved our stay at the Marriott located in the Leidesplein area. When I first saw the building for the Marriott I got a little worried, b/c it doesn't look that great from the outstide, but as soon as we stepped inside I knew it would be great! Our room was on the 6th floor, with a balcony and very clean. The staff was extremely helpful and courteous, we checked in with zero problems and everyone was more than willing to help us with directions or suggestions for places to go to. The hotel was very easy to get to, it could not have been any easier, and you can basically walk everywhere from the hotel. We did use the Tram, but mainly walked all over the city without a problem. We purchased most of our tickets to the museums from the concierge which turned out to be great, b/c we did not have to wait in any lines!! we paid $122/night on priceline.Would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, $110 on Priceline Hotel is one block from the tram station (convenient for luggage) and a 20 minute stroll through interesting neighborhoods from Centraal Train Station. When we arrive around 9:30 am we were told that they were cleaning a very nice room for us. It couldn't have been better-on the fourth floor-directly facing the intersection. We had fun watching the trams, pedestrians and bikers and the more distant view of Liedersplein with its cafes and nighttime performers. The room was totally soundproofed so there was no noice despite the hubub outside. When I have bid on priceline before and contacted the hotel to ask for a room with a non smoking room with two beds, I have invariably been told that my request would be noted but that there was no guarantee with priceline. In this instance, the hotel promptly emailed me that they would be happy to meet my request. Front desk and concierge staff were very friendly and helpful. Two canalboats departed from across the street, there is a pancake house also in the square across the street, a tourist information office, shopping, cafes, bakeries etc. one block away.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>For $100/night on Priceline, man what a deal... Our low nightly rate probably colored our view of this place, but at $100 a night I think its a great value.First, the location: the Marriot is between the Leidesplein and Vondelpark, which is really a great area. The Liedesplein is the party center of Amsterdam, and is chock full of restaurants, bars, coffeeshops and other people partying. Vondelpark/Museumplein, as the name implies, contains a nice park and some world class museums.Second, the property is really deluxe. It has uniformed doormen, bellman and concierge. There are two eateries, a bar, a gift shop and a gratis morning coffee concession in the lobby. There is a free laundry on the second floor. Okay, so from the outside it does resemble the Politburo Marriot - but I didn't care how it looked on the outside.Third, the rooms are nice for Europe. That is, our room had a safe, ironing board, iron, unbelievably comfortable king sized bed and a small television. As is mentioned in other reviews, the heating and cooling leaves something to be desired, but by opening and closing the window, we were able to stay comfortable. The bath is large and the shower is great.The concierge staff was extremely helpful. This old dude gave me directions to the Dampkring Coffee Shop without batting an eye. Hell he plotted it out on a map. Another of the concierge staff gave us the heads up on beating the line at the Van Gogh Museum by selling us our tickets (at the same price as the museum). We strolled past the other art fans and were checking out the Potato Eaters in no time at at all.Getting there was easy from Schiphol Airport. We hopped a $5 train from the airport to Centraal Station. We then hopped on a tram (lines 1, 2 or 5) and were at the Marriot ten minutes later. When you get on the tram, tell the conducter that you need to get off at the Marriot and he or she will tell you when to get off over the PA.Transportation around Amsterdam is easy from the Marriot. Three different tram lines run from Central Station by the hotel all day. We explored the whole city by jumping on and off trams.We found the Dutch to be the coolest people on earth. They speak English better than I do, they are very friendly and are perhaps the best looking people on the face of the earth. We cannot wait to go back.If I had to pay more than $100, I would be far less enthusiastic. But for the price we paid, it was the best deal in town.  
<Date>May 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SWAMPRAT
<Content>Great location You can't beat the location of the Amsterdam Marriott. There are bars, restaurants and coffee shops everywhere within walking distance. It's also within walking distance to the main museums (Van Gogh, Riks Museum, etc.). The best restaurant we ate at was Puri Mas (ristafjel - typical Indonesian rice table meal). The food was excellent, plentiful and the staff were friendly and accommodating. The only problem we had was with the A/C in our room. If you are concerned about being able to control the climate in your room, make sure you ask if the A/C or heating is individually controlled when you make the reservation. I found out that in these older hotels in Europe, even if there is a thermostat in your room, that doesn't mean that you can really control the temperature. It's pretty much on winter (heating) or summer (cooling) overall, and controlled from a central location. Fortunately, we were able to keep our room cool by opening the window.Other than that, the rooms were clean, beds were comfortable (double beds instead of twins is a plus) and the location is excellent. I'd definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, nice room We stayed at the Marriott last weekend. The worst part was getting to the hotel, as there is construction going on around it and many of the roads leading up to the hotel are closed. The rooms were very nice. The location is fabulous, city center. Parking was 25 Euros/night, which was a little bit of a shock. Nice, helpful staff.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>turquaz
<Content>Marriott is super!! Great location and the staff were wonderful. The rooms were very clean and we even had chocolates left on our pillows...LOVED IT!!!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JohnUK
<Content>Highly recommended Really cannot fault this hotel. Stayed three nights in a deluxe room with two huge beds. Room spotlessly clean. Breakfast was included in the rate and offered a great choice. The real honeycomb was a bonus!We took advantage of the Anne Frank House tickets which are valid in the evenings after 5pm - no queuing at all, and recommended.The staff were unbelieveably friendly - and seemed genuine too. We will certainly be staying there again.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Think Motel The location of this hotel is great. It is at Leidseplein - you can walk to great restaurants, and it's close to museums. The staff is also helpful.This is not the same quality as a US Marriot. The building is what I would call, Communist Modern, and and the decor/room quality is shall I say, American Motel? That being said, the room was spacious and had a nice canal view.The hotel is priced rather agressively for this quality (I recall it was about EUR 224 plus tax when I stayed). If you are paying $100 (I understand that is the price offered at Priceline), that is a fair value.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Service!! We stayed at the Amsterdam Marriott with our three children for two days at the beginning of March. The service was absolutley perfect. We arrived in the morning and the reception staff worked hard to prepare our rooms so that we could rest after our long flight. While our rooms were being prepared we had breakfast at the resturant downstairs and once again the service was terrific. While we ate breakfast the resturant staff checked on the status of our rooms and kept us updated. On the second day, when we returned from sightseeing, The lady who had cleaned our rooms left apples and a nice note for our children. We have traveled alot for both buisness and leisure and our experience at this Marriott was the by far the best.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fantastic experience My family and I just returned from a 3 day trip to Amsterdam. We were so impressed with the Marriott, I had to write a review. The hotel was centrally located so we were able to walk everywhere. The room was a great size for a family of four. We had the breakfast everyday and we were impressed with the wide variety of hot and cold food offered. We went to the Executive lounge one evening and we found a great variety in their snack buffet and there was free wine and beer! The best feature of the hotel was the staff. We were greeted by friendly people everywhere in the hotel. The reception staff was polite and welcoming. The concierge staff was outstanding. We obtained our tickets for the Anne Frank House and for the Van Gogh Museum from the staff-- this saved a lot of time because were able to jump the queue. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a clean, comfortable, and welcoming stay in a fantastic and beautiful city.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ooookch
<Content>Pro's and Con's, and too expensive. I spent a weekend in February with my girlfriend in the Amsterdam Marriott. The location is great, close to Leidseplein area with its restaurants, bars, cinemas and theaters and also close to the museums. The staff was very nice and helpful, check in took quite a while though. The room (whe had an executive) was large, but the heating was not good enough to get the room to an acceptable temperature (changing the room didn't help) and we were really cold throughout our stay. The A/C is very loud. Tiny bathroom which definitely needs an overhaul as it shows traces of many years of usage. So the room is not up to Marriott standards, however the prices are. Wouldn't go there again; I usually prefer Marriotts over Intercontis, but in Amsterdam it is definitely vice versa.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PhilInSuffolk
<Content>Excellent location, generally good but some problems Stayed here in February for a conference. The location is excellent - handy for the restaurants towards the centre as well as the Van Gogh and Rembrandt museums. Getting there from the airport without using taxis is easy, too - train to the Central Station and then trams 1, 5 or 6 - total cost 5 euro. Note - it's best to have some Euro coins to buy tickets from the automatic machines.Most of the stay was good - the room was a good size and the facilities were in good order. On the plus side, the windows opened, there was broadband internet access (and I was only charged a day, despite using it for 3 days), the bed was comfortable and the bath was good. However:I asked for non-feather bedding. The pillows were replaced quickly, but the duvet was just taken off and not replaced, despite my asking for a non-feather one on a separate occasion.Internet access is expensive - 29.95 euroI was charged for bar expenditure I didn't make (which was refunded)Breakfast is (as seems often to be the case) very expensive - 18 euro minimum - make sure it's included.The air-com makes a noise like a jumbo taking off, and mine seemed only to heat with no control.They have a security system that means you have to use your room key to activate the lift - this is acceptable for going up from ground, but coming down?I hated the smell they pipe into the corridors.On balance I'd use it again, but they should tackle the niggles.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>36000ft
<Content>perfect staff was more than accommodating. effecient check-in, concierge helped us so many times, housekeeping was great, and the resaurant staff looked out for us every morning like we were 'friends'. The rooms and public space are very nicely appointed and large. The beds are pillow top with down comforter and down pillows. This was my fourth stay in 2 years and everytime I get a room with a balcony overlooking Leidesplein. I litteralythink this is one of my favorite hotels worldwide. note: that they rent bikes cheaper than you can find in the city, the breakfast is quite the spread, and above all location-location-location. You can take tram #'s 1,2,5 right to the hotel from the Centraal Station.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel Very nice hotel, in a great location. Good rate 150 euro for weekend nights. Very good staff, good beds, quiet room with balcony overlooking the Leidesplein.Best of all they let me check in at 9:00 a.m. after a long flight from the USA.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wildenfree
<Content>great location. I have stayed here twice now, and found it to be a comfortable, clean and friendly hotel. The beds are huge, and the location is truly awesome, just minutes away from the lively Leidesplein. It was nice just to walk across to the Leidesplein in Summer and have breakfast in an outdoors cafe and watch the world go by!!.Lets face it, most guys normally get somewhat  hammered in Amsterdam, so its nice to have a bit of luxury thrown in!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TaraR
<Content>Great place to stay! Three of us stayed at the Amsterdam Marriott for a long weekend at the end of Oct 2004. Room was equivalent to what I have would expect in a US hotel and much bigger than any other Eurpean hotel room I have stayed in. I requested 2 double bed and all of us agreed that they were VERY comfortable (featherbed and great pillows). Location was great and was an easy train  tram ride from the airport. I was hoping to find something a little cheaper than 178 Euros / night - but this actually was one of the lower rates I could find (I looked at both triple rooms and 2 seperate rooms). After reading other reviews, I tried priceline a couple of times for 2 rooms at btwn $77 - $99 - but no offers were accepted. We did not eat breakfast at the hotel or eat at any of the restaurants or use room service. Fitness center was very nice (for a hotel) - 2 treadmills, 4 bikes, 2 EFXs and lots of weights. I used it everyday we were there. Overall, I would definitely recommend!!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Welcome Comfort We stayed at the Marriott after trying the tiny canalhouse hotel we had enjoyed in our youth - when damp and cramped were not a problem. Give me the comfort of central heating, large beds with down-filled pillowtops and a huge bathroom! It was worth every penny!We had access to the Executive Lounge with free breakfast, happy hour and computer to check emails. Service was excellent and the Characters cafe was just the ticket for hot food looking out at the rain. Great location - walk out onto the Leidseplein or a short slog to the museums.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mme_X
<Content>There must be better places, especially at this rate Really mundane rooms, probably some of Marriott's least desireable anywhere -- can use an overhaul.Check-in was a trial. The first room was 90 degrees, and the heat uncontrollable. Asked for another room. 'Got the idea that this was too much trouble for the young lady at the desk, and was given a room that would overlook a construction area -- NOT good since I arrived late in the evening. Asked again for a change. Third room was only okay, but the temperture could still use better controls.My departure time changed, so I specifically informed the concierge that I DID NOT need the very early morning wake-up and cab at 6 a.m. Of course, I was phoned at 5 a.m. to inquire if I needed a cab for my early departure. Concierge also gave lousy advice about how much time to allow for catching my international flight.So many of these problems are avoidable with better training, attention to detail, and maid service reporting when rooms have real problems.Would never stay again, particularly at these prices.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not so good! When you are in the hotel, you don't have the idea of staying in Amsterdam, it could be anywhere in Europe. The hotel does not comply with the new slogan of the city of Amsterdam - I Amsterdam. The bar looks like an Irish pub and on top of that a Pizza hut is included. The room I had was very small and a little bit old. The breakfast room is old fashioned. Overall the hotel is not worth the price.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dolly123
<Content>Wonderful Stay! In December 2003, I had 3 days to kill between business trips (one week in Poland, then 4 days in The Hague); flying home to the US and then back to Europe was out of the question ... so I decided to cool my heels in Amsterdam. I'd visited Amsterdam several times before, and with the rush to get all my Christmas activities done before the 2 weeks of business travel, I really just wanted somewhere to veg-out ... and the Amsterdam Marriott was the PERFECT choice. I treated myself to an Executive Room, something I've never done in all my travels. Check-in was a breeze - quick, efficient and friendly. The Conseirge answered every question/request with accuracy and a smile. The room was huge (could have held a roller derby in there). The king bed was the most comfortable hotel bed I have EVER slept in. The Executive Club Room (access came with the rate) was quiet, classy and spotlessly clean; breakfast here was very nice (typical continental plus smoked salmon, fresh fruit and few other extras); my favorite ECR amenity was the available-24-hours-a-day Cappuccino machine (sorry Marriott, you lost money on this guest). I even hung out here a few hours each afternoon working on my laptop - got lots done with all the quiet and endless supply of coffees, teas, and sweet and savory munchies. The fitness center was well-equiped: 4 treadmills, 4 bicycles, rowing machines, nautilus equipment and free weights; TVs in every corner so you could catch up on news, sports, and make the work-out time fly by. I basically locked myself in my room for 3 days, only going to the ECR, the fitness center and the occassional walk outside (freezing in Dec). Since it was too cold to venture outside after dark and I was alone, I took a risk on Room Service: Fabulous! The Cream Tomato Soup is to die for (and I am a serious Food Snob), as is the Caesar Salad. I ordered several other times over my 3-day stay, and all were exceptional. My only complaint: HAVE THE MASSAGE/SPA STAFF AVAILABLE 7 DAYS A WEEK!!! With the state I was in, I would have booked a massage, pedicure, facial, etc - but the spa facilities weren't available on Sat afternoon, Sunday or Monday. I left the Marriott, as my husband would say, fat, dumb and happy! Highly, highly recommended.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fromArizona
<Content>Disappointing! You can do a lot better ( Very disappointed in this hotel. The rooms are small. We had a kingsize bed that took up the whole room. The room was so small that the desk did double duty as a night stand. Did not look at all like the picture on the Marriott website. Definitely not up to Marriott standards. Expected more for approx. $230/night. We booked for 7 nights and moved to another hotel after 2 nights where we got a more spacious room for less money  
<Date>Jun 10, 2004
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>RJPOceanside_CA
<Content>Excellent Stay in an Executive Room Re-located here from the Holiday Inn. Executive room more than adequate for a family of four and the executive lounge helps with free soft drinks and snacks throughout the day. Beds were outstanding as were the nice touch of robe and slippers. In one of several great locations in central Amsterdam. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>echoecho
<Content>A little old, but ok overall I bid on priceline and got a good deal ($99/night) for a busy long weekend. The hotel is at a good location. Walking distance (literally2 minutes) to Ledseplein, museums (5-7 minutes), and casino (across the street). I enjoy walking everywhere, so this is perfect. But the rooms are a little on the old side. Although it is quite spacious for European standards. It has a nice pizza hut and a bar downstairs as well as a nice gym. The only complain I have is the climate control. I don't think it's worth $99/night if it wasn't for the long weekend. So I suggest you only stay here if you can get a great deal.   
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A little worn, location could be better I was here May 6-9, 2004. I thought that the room was a bit dated. The location is close to the museums so if that is your main interest you are in good shape. I was interested in the museums but the shopping and clubs were quite a ways away. I would probably try to find something closer to the center next time.There are however, many good restaurants to pick from near the hotel. Take a look down the side streets off Liedsestraat.One place I would not recommend is the Italian restaurant next to the hotel. I thought it was overpriced and really not very good. I had a much better meal for about half the price in one of the side streets.  
<Date>May 21, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Get a nice view Ask for a room with a view of Leidseplein. The hotel has no real Dutch character but excellent location and helpful staff.  
<Date>May 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Especially liked the health club!   showReview(1754413, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great rate, nice hotel, good location   showReview(1681944, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bauernhoffen
<Content>The most comfortable bed ever.   showReview(1545233, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dotcatini
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(1510193, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing Service   showReview(1278684, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Recommended   showReview(1258712, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fundog
<Content>Substandard hotel   showReview(1256908, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Everything!   showReview(1032609, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kappy9857
<Content>Loved the Amsterdam Marriott   showReview(970982, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb Luxury Hotel   showReview(837582, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>italianoalondra
<Content>ottima colazione e posizione strategica   showReview(22642266, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>da consigliare!   showReview(20550956, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>namy123
<Content>Gran weekend       Il bagno e due estranei...  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon Hotel   showReview(19642521, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel in perfekter, zentraler Lage   showReview(18532016, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ci ritornero' sicuramente   showReview(17430873, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bello e centrale   showReview(16592164, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s d茅莽ue   showReview(15561850, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Davvero bello!   showReview(15561851, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottima posizione bella camera da tornarci   showReview(14728140, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit wieder   showReview(14728139, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel tres bien situ茅   showReview(13983857, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Veramente un sogno   showReview(13196053, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bon hotel avec un accueil sympathique   showReview(11398798, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瑾般倐鎶曠銇椼仸銇勩仾銇勩伄銇с仈鍙傝€冦伨銇?#x201d;   showReview(19159051, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

