<Author>Chico_malo45
<Content>Great Hotel Fira Palace has a great location in Montjuic, right next door to MNAC (Museo Nacional de Arte Catalana) with its massive splendor and magic fountains. The hotel itself is on a quiet street yet close enough to Plaza Espa帽a and Av. Para.lel where one can catch the metro or the Airbus to El Prat Airport. Room was clean and efficient with a sparklingly clean and spacious marble shower. The staff was unbelievable helpful and the bar staff absolutely charming. Highly recommended...  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Coeury
<Content>Good deal Booked via expedia for the terrific price of 99鈧? staid 2 nights. 1st night regulat dble rrom : large room, nice view but beds too big and hard! second night: we decided to upgrade to an executive for 19鈧?and was a good choice to make (by the way executive rooms only on 4th and 5th floor).indoor swimming pool nice but small. Note that you'll have to enter the gym club on -1st.Easy to park around if you have a car. Close to Monjuic but I am not sure I'll consider to stay there without a car...  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>hkist
<Content>Great hotel, good location, bargain rates to be had I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights Sat-Tue in July 2008.It is very handily located for the airport bus, Montjuic park and the metro which will take you anywhere. It is clearly intended to cater for the Exhibition attandants which gives it a business hotel feel (clean, good service) but with nice enough leisure facilities. Pro: -very good sized room and beds- wifi available (but not free)Con:- pool hours severely restricted at weekendsI did not have breakfast in the hotel (expensive) , chosing instead to have a roll and drink at local bakery. Plenty of shops around.i booked directly with the hotel which had a special on at weekends. I got 4 nights for 400 euros!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>brussels_ldj
<Content>Beautiful, but...beds very hard. This hotel is beautiful and the rooms are spacious. However, the walls are paper thin and the beds hard as rocks. I had a very difficult time sleeping due to the uncomfortable beds. Our neghbors came in late and talked for a while, we could hear everything. The pool was closed for maintenance for the entire weekend so we did not get to use it. We ate breakfast at a lovely shop on the way to the metro station.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>K8TF
<Content>A wonderful hotel! We stayed here for 2 nights before leaving on a 12-night cruise. After looking at the website, we learned it was part of the Select Hotels Group, and they gave special rates and amenities for members of its iPrefer club. It's free to join iPrefer and the hotel has a link to the iPrefer site.The hotel is clean, classy and all the staff were personable. As a result of being iPrefer members, we were upgraded to a suite. It was huge - living room, bedroom and a large bathroom with a separate shower, plus a free bottle of wine. The hotel itself is in a great location. I'm glad we didn't book a hotel near Las Ramblas because it's busy and congested. Fira Palace is near Montjuic and is a 5-minute walk to the nearest Barcelona Bus Turistic stop which is a hop-on/hop-off double decker bus. It's a great way to see all parts of the city and then you can decide on where to spend more time later. The hotel's restaurants are very good. We had the breakfast buffet. It was 16 euros and well worth the price. It had hot and cold cereals, eggs, bacon, sausage, potatoes, tortilla espanola (Spanish potato and onion omelet/fritatta), fresh fruit, yogurt, etc. It was enough that we didn't feel the need to eat lunch. The El Mall restaurant is open for dinner, but a little pricey. There are loads of other restaurants in the area that are good and well-priced.We will definitely book a room here the next time we're in Barcelona.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CarolineF
<Content>Great hotel in good location Stayed at the Fira Palace for 3 nights. Arrived from airport at 12 noon and room was ready for us. Check in was fast and efficient dealt with by friendly staff. Our room was on the 4th floor overlooking the local school and with views towards the Tibadado mountain and castle. Room was very large and very clean with a well stocked bathroom with his  her sinks, separate shower and separate toilet areas. Large wide screen television, but still the only English channels were BBC World News, CNN and sport channel. The bed was a super king size, but although we slept very well (partly due to the excellent black-out curtains and lack of street noise) the mattress was quite hard. Didn't have breakfast which was 16 Euros per person. We took a travel kettle with us and bought juice and croissants locally. Used the hotel pool which was good, but didn't have time to use the gym. The Espanya Metro stop was an easy and pleasant walk from the hotel, being alongside the Magic Fountains (these are not in use from the end of September so we didn't get to see them). Barcelona is a large and busy city, but the Metro is a quick and fairly easy way of getting around. We bought T10 tickets which cost E7.50 and give you 10 journeys per ticket and can also be used on the bus (the No 46 takes you directly to the airport from Pl Espanya). Would recommend a visit to Park Guell (which is free) and also the Olympic complex which is within walking distance of the hotel. We didn't have time to see everything, but managed to see the main places of interest.Having signed up for the 'I Prefer' scheme we were given a free late check-out till 6pm which was greatly appreciated as our flight was not until late and it gave us the whole of the day to look around the city.Would definitely stay at the Fira Palace again.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>catmon
<Content>Immaculate hotel and service My husband and I were very grateful to the kind and most informative staff. The desk clerks were extremely helpful with a map, directions and things to discover in thier city. Our room was clean and stocked full of amenities. The bathroom was luxurious.The view was beautiful. They let us check in early and we enjoyed breakfast the next day in the restaurant. We would reccomend this hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gloria27
<Content>An oasis of calm This hotel is an oasis of clam after a busy day sightseeing. The rooms are large and the upper floors have good views across to Tibidabo mountain. It is very convenient for Montjuic and all its museums. It is a short walk (5-10mins) to either poble sec or plaza espanya metro stations and we felt safe walking around the neighbourhood. Also useful that there were always taxis waiting outside the hotel for the whole of our 5 day stay. It cost about 6 euros to travel across town by taxi.Thanks to previous reviews we made use of the patisserie across the road for breakfast and found it to be cheap and tasty!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>jonobass
<Content>Great position and facilities We had originally booked an apartment in Barcelona which turned out to be sub-standard. Fortunately, the Fira Palace was just around the corner and they had two standard rooms available immediately at very reasonable rates.We loved the place! The staff were friendly and helpful and the accommodation was excellent, with large rooms (with huge beds), light, airy public spaces and fantastic leisure facilities that the kids loved.The bonus is the fact that although it is in quiet location, it is 2 minutes form the Magic Fountains, Monjuic and MNAC. You are also 5 minutes form the metro and can be on the Ramblas in 15.I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel, or indeed to stay there next time we go to Barcelona.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SpursLS6
<Content>Quiet in a lovely area We wanted a hotel with a swimming pool in a quiet area. This is exactly what we got. Walking around other parts of the city, I am glad that we chose this one because the noise must have been a problem with many other hotels in parts of Barcelona with busy nightlife. Everything was perfect - the bed, the size of the room, the bathroom with amazing shower,the pool, the service and the location. We were able to walk to the main tourist areas (Las Ramblas, the Gothic area and Montjuic) and could see the top of the muscial fountains from the window. However, if you are looking for a hotel with character - which I normally am - this is probably not for you as once inside, you could be in any city in the world.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CJ1920
<Content>Great location I have just returned from a four night business stay at the Fira Palace in Barcelona and had an excellent stay. The check in was easy and staff welcoming. The rooms are a great size and the bathrooms very impressive, with large massage shower and separate bath and toilet.The breakfast is quite expensive at 16 euro each but does have a good selection of hot and cold food.I particularly liked the location, near to the Olympic Stadium and about a 25 minute walk to Las Ramblas, so away from the crowds. Will definitely return.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BYJP
<Content>Amazing stay A group of us stayed at the hotel for one week, and our stay was perfect. Our friends said their beds were too hard but ours was just perfect. The rooms were quiet (the double doors helped) and the rooms and the bathrooms were quite spacious and clean. The reception staff was really helpful with restaurant suggestions and maps. The metro station is 2 blocks from the hotel and 1 block away from an amazing water fountain show at night.Booking directly with the hotel gives you a discount after the third night.Tips: There is a great little patisserie directly across the street where a lady with a very good English sells juices, coffee, croissants, and pastries.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>john_d_Uk
<Content>Good hotel - but take care when booking We have been to the Fira Palace on two occasions and thoroughly enjoyed our stays. The rooms are very large and in good condition. The hotel is in a good location at the side of the Montjuic park ... quite peaceful after a hectic day in the town ....yet easy to reach the centre by Metro.There are however a few things to look out for: -Firstly, the buffet breakfast comes a little expensive at 15 euros a head and there is no simple coffee and pastry option until after 10am. Secondly, they sometimes launch reduced rates on their web site. So you can find yourself staying in a room for 131euros with your neighbor paying only 97 euros. Thirdly, when I booked this year we asked for a superior room. On arrival we were placed in what turned out to be a standard room. Now having been there before we knew that it was a standard room so I contacted reception. I checked on the room rate first and they confirmed that I was paying the superior room price. Only after challenging them further did they finally admit that we had been given a standard room.So, it looks like yet another case of 'buyer beware'.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lakesman44
<Content>Yes - Very enjoyable stay Very enjoyable stay in this hotel in a great location in Barcelona. The room was very comfortable, great pool and friendly staff. Would definitely recommend.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Antonis2
<Content>absolutely perfect hotel Just PERFECT....Great location(5' walking from metro station Espanya-Placa Espanya),very clean hotel and room,room very comfortable,2' walking from the Museum of Art. It was the best choice for our holidays in Barcelona. In the beginning we were thinking of reserving a hotel near to LAS RAMBLAS area but hopefully the last minute we made the perfect choice....Ramblas is perfect area to visit but not staying because it was so crowded and noisy....Staying in FIRA PALACE you are just 10' by metro away from metro station Catalunya(beginning of RAMBLAS)....trust this hotel!!The next time of visiting Barca for sure we'll be staying at this hotel!!!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>parsleysmum
<Content>Great experience! Booked Fira Palace for a short break with my two teenage daughters to escape the rain in England! Got a good deal price wise and was very impressed with the reception we got when we arrived.Our room was huge with 2 double beds and a great bathroom, seperate loo and shower, everything we needed.We had forgotten our adaptor but the reception guys were quick to help and lend us one, vital for the girls and their array of hair straighteners, mobiles etc etc!!The air con was a godsend and worked well, and we were able to keep up with the olympics on the wide screen TV.On the second morning we awoke to the sound of drilling and hammering underneath our room....they were renovating the restaurant!! I asked if we could move rooms and this happened straight away with no problem. A slightly smaller room but still big, and on the 6th floor so away from any noise!We liked the pool and the bar, and the lobby area is really nice to sit and cool down.It is a good 20 minute walk into town which we did couple of times but we also used the bus and the metro which was easy.Mount Juiec is beautiful to explore and you are couple of minutes walk from the magic fountain, which is amazing! We also used taxis a lot as they are very cheap, and it was nice to be able to get away from the chaos that is central Barcelona!!All in all a great find, we didn't use the breakfast faciities and a kettle in the room would have been good, but coffee in the bar was very good!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>NorthernIrelandJojo
<Content>Fab hotel! Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights for a long weekend. The room was excellent-seperate living area to the bedroom with sofa, flat screen T.V, desk and a small table and 2 chairs. Bedroom was spacious with a very comfortable bed and again a flat screen T.V. Bathroom was also spacious with walk in shower and the room was cleaned every day and bed sheets changed.Complimentary soft drinks and apples are available in the reception area for most of the day. Swimming pool was good for a bit of relaxation after a day in the sun but never used the gym so cant comment on that.The hotel is a five minute walk to the metro (subway) which only takes a few minutes into the centre of barcelona. The magic fountain is just up from the hotel and we watched a lovely water display from it on the saturday night-lots of tourists and local turned up to watch this.Breakfast was plentiful and tasty, we also had dinner in the restaurant one of the nights and found the food excellent.This is a brilliant hotel and i would recommend it to anyone. Although it is not in the centre of barcelona and we found the surrounding area quiet.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mr_beng
<Content>Great place, huge rooms Stayed here for 4 nights, and would recommend this to anyone. The rooms have great standard, and are spacious and clean. Staff always helpful and friendly. Location close to the Magic Fountain, and about 5 min walk to Metro.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>onero
<Content>Perfect location for conferences       5th Floor deluxe Room in Fira Palace Hotel  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>maisvenus
<Content>Not what you'd expect... The Fira Palace has got a wonderful lobby. The standard rooms are quite like what you see on its actual webpage so all in all, pretty pleasant.Again, location was excellent and I enjoyed the breakfast buffet which has an excellent spread. Rooms are spacious and well stocked with toiletries and towels (the massage shower in my room did not work very well though but still it was alright).However, a few things happened that have coloured my perception of this place. So much so that I'm writing this in my room in the hotel!Firstly, when I checked in, I noticed that the dates shown on the check-in card did not match the dates I had on my travel coupon (booked via a travel agent). When queried, the staff insisted that their dates were correct and because my travel agent amended the booking, my agent must have gotten the new set of dates wrong (2 nights less). The part that ticked me off was that they did not offer to try to resolve the situation for me. They simply told me to contact either my agent or the company handling their website reservations and that was it. However I did not believe that such a big mistake could have been made by my agent and only upon being very firm, did they go through all the hoops one would expect of a supposedly 4* hotel service to try to check what went wrong. Turns out they did not update their logs hence put the wrong information into their system!! But I did not get any apology, just a, no, no you are right in what I perceived as a semi-grudging way.Coming up to the room, there was a particular fried dough smell in the bathroom and only by opening the door to the room did it kind of fade away but every time you closed the door you could smell it. I presume it's from the restaurant downstairs (I was on the mezzanine level)? On other levels, you can smell it along the corridor. They clearly need to work on their air filtration system!The Wi-Fi internet service is not free but the price is reasonable (10,50Euros for 24 hours). However, the connection speed is variable (at one point being very, very slow) and the connection itself is very unstable. Once, the connection just died and I was unable to re-connect to the wi-fi spot despite multiple tries (my time was still ticking here). So again, I rang up reception who was slightly more helpful and claimed that the network was fine. However, the end result was the same as when I checked-in - that I had to ring the company providing the internet!Surely they would be able to check on my behalf given that it was a pretty simple problem. At the end of it, there also was no offer to extend my usage time to compensate for the time wasted. I rang the company myself and although the staff I spoke to claims the number is free, I will be very, very unimpressed if I get billed for it! Also, if they charge me for two extra nights from the check-in fiasco, I will be well ticked off.Overall, I have no qualms about the physical aspects of this hotel (e.g. location, decor, rooms etc) but its service leaves a lot to be desired.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	5	4	2	2	2	

<Author>kaiser01
<Content>good hotel stayed at this hotel for 4 days with family room very clean and comfortable two large beds and a seating area, bathroom was clean marbled through out and well equipped with separate shower with body jets and a separate w/c and bidet.Hotel very well located as only 5 minutes from the Magic Fountains which are a must see but dont leave before they play Barcelona by Freddie Merqury as this is the finale, also very close to the Plaza Espanya where you can catch the metro (which is very easy to use) to anywhere in the city.did not need to use the hotel staff apart from the check in and check out we arrived at 11.00 and was allowed to check in even though the check in was officially 15.00.Pool and gym very good we used the pool everyday and had it to ourselves.you can also request any type of pillow you like to make your stay more comfortable if need be.Hotel is also used for a lot of business confrences and also used by flight cabin crew who stay there.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>GalvestonJT
<Content>A Noisy Business Hotel With Bad Service My wife and I stayed three nights and hated each night. My biggest problem is the hotel is noisy. One can hear conversations and TV sounds in the next rooms and all conversations in the hall. My wife awoke to violent screams in the hall on our first night. If this is not enough, the staff service alternates between disorganized, surly and bored. (By the way, we are Spanish/English bi-lingual so it was not the language barrier.)I filled out a how are we doing hotel form and turned it into the desk clerk after night two. I requested a new room, but of course I never heard a word. I am guessing it went into the trash.Their restaurant El Mall was a puzzle. We had a wonderful lunch, then a distressingly bad dinner. Really bad - as in TV dinner bad. The breakfast buffet was just fair and very pricey.I could not find a scenario where I would return or recommend this place. The hotel does have large rooms and is somewhat new, but there must be a better hotel in Barcelona for the same money.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	4	2	1	1	1	

<Author>Ralpha
<Content>Up to expectations The Fira Palace matched the expectations that we had from reading other reviews.The location was a good balance. Far enough out to be quiet but within a walkable distance of Las Ramblas. The room was large and well furnished and the bathroom was also large and well equipped but it's starting to look a bit dated.We didn't eat in the hotel at any time.Next time we go to Barcelona, we will certainly consider going tothe FIra Palace again.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>spyderwoman
<Content>Good Location I stayed at the FIra Palace for 5 days with my sister who was here on business. For European standards the room was large with 2 queen sized beds and a sitting area. The bathroom was marble with separate toilet and shower areas. Although I did hear people in the next room when I first checked in , I heard nothing at night and it was very quiet. The staff is friendly and helpful . The hotel is located 5 minutes from Plaza Espanya and therefore you have the metro steps away. It is a $5 euro taxi ride to the marina and La Rambla. The tourist bus has a stop in the Plaza. Good value and location for a family or business traveller  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	4	

<Author>flash76
<Content>Quiet nice place I spent two nite in biz trip in this hotel.Well located near mont juicWorm welcome from the staff better that the other hotel I used in barcelona.Large various breakfast.Fast WIFI connection  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>stez867
<Content>Had a fantastic time at the Fira Palace My husband and I spent 2 nights in Barcelona at the Fira Palace-what a lovely hotel! it's near the plaza de espana, not in the center of the city, but perfect for us because i liked to sleep in peace  quiet.We signed up for the i prefer program before booking our hotel (through their website) and got free wi-fi in the room and a room upgrade just for signing up for hte program. definitely recommend signing up for the program  providing your account number when you book your room.They gave us a corner suite with a balcony, and we only booked a standard room. it was fantastic. the shower had 2 body sprays, and a separate tub was nice. All the bathroom products you could ever need, along with a safe that was large enough for our laptop  other belongings. Would defintely recommend the Fira Palace to anyone wishing to stay in Barcelona!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	4	

<Author>rugg
<Content>huge rooms Room was quite a suite with king size bed, sofa, table and armchair. Huge LCD tv. Bathroom very large as well.Just some doubt on the celaness of mouquette but it is something common around, so....The position is not central but big trade off quality/price.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	2	3	3	5	-1	

<Author>nickyormonde
<Content>Great hotel!       The hotel  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Doug_Car
<Content>Great Location       Bathroom  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	-1	3	

<Author>Frampsta
<Content>Quality hotel in good location Everything you would expect from a hotel that caters for business travellers - the room was a decent size, well furnished and well maintained. The bathroom was large with a well-powered multi-head power shower - the tinted glass door that separates the WC from the rest of the bathroom is certainly a unique touch!The hotel's location 200m from the Magic Fountain is quite handy and the hotel is a short (EUR 6/7) cab ride into Las Ramblas / harbour - alternatively there is a Metro station not too far away that will do the journey in 10 mins door-to-door.Room service was good but over-priced - but whatever you do, on no account go to the little italian restaurant that is located on the rear side of the building (and to which we were directed by the concierge). Grubby, sweaty, rude waiters throw equally grubby and mediocre food onto the tables of unsuspecting visitors - we witnessed one altercation between a diner and a waiter, and had we not left after the starters would have no doubt witnessed more.In summary - hotel v. good, concierge recommendations v. bad!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	2	4	4	

<Author>IonutBucharest
<Content>Excellent Location and Services We've been for New Year's Eve 2007-2008 and we felt excellent! Services and personell are ok! Breakfast not included for 145 Euro/Room. Accesss to swimming pool, sauna  gym granted in the same price.Roomy, excellent bath (shower cabine, toillete  bath - separated in the same bath by glass windows), flat LCD 32'' Sony TV included, wireless web access, etc. Location is excellent - direct access from the airport Prat - about 20 min by bus - take line 46 (Plazza Espana).- night busses N13 direct to city center- Subway, L1 and L3, etc.Remember !!!!You will save ~100 Euro if you choose Fira instead of a Rambla Hotel.You will be more satified in a much much cleaner location!Mariana  IonutBucharest, Romania  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Indi1983
<Content>Nice, clean and comfortable... but could have been better Having booked the hotel only a couple of weeks before heading out to Barcelona, i thought i'd done pretty well to get a room at this place for 4 nights. It is in a good location; not too far from the centre of Barcelona (i.e. Ramblas) which was only a 10 minute metro ride away. Metro station (Espanya) only 5 minutes walk through a safe and well lit neighbourhood with the huge Fira exhibition centre, beautiful art museum and magic fountain nearby (which was not working by the way!). The rooms were big and very clean. Yes, the beds were a little hard but not uncomfortable. I had no problems sleeping! The bathroom was great which a nice shower with side jets. This was great after so much siteseeing/walking over 4-5 days.The only bad points about the hotel were certain amenities. Firstly, there is no kettle for making tea or coffee in any of the rooms and the hotel cannot supply them on request. I thought this a bit odd as i have stayed in my fair share of hotels and everyone from the very expensive to low budget have supplied these. It's a small thing but in the morning or after a day of sightseeing, to be able to make your own hot drink would be nice instead of having to go to cafes or the hotel bar all the time.The second issue i had was that without realising i had booked a rate without breakfast. Eating breakfast at the hotel is a crazy 15 euros per person! For business travellers this would be ok, but for leisure, no chance! Therefore another inconvenience of having to find somewhere to have breakfast each day. Luckily there are lots of nice cafes nearby the Espanya Metro station whwere you can get tea and croissant for less that 10 euros for 3 people!Sorry to ramble on. All in all the stay at the hotel was very nice. It just would have been better with the above not being issues.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>YorkieAl
<Content>Luxury Stay - The very best! My girlfriend and I just returned from a 4-day (three nights) short break to Barcelona, we booked the Fira Palace online , got a rate of 拢210 and were delighted with the results. I'm not the best at writing these reviews so I'll share my experience in sections instead:LOCATIONThe F.Palace is away from the hustle of the main tourist attractions but ideal for a relaxing stay. Taxi's wait outside the hotel ALL DAY and the main metro staion Espanya is a five minute walk, from there you can reach any part of the City in under 15 minutes. Personally I wouldnt like to stay on La Ramblas is it's a little crazy on a night.HOTELThe building itself is lush! Huge, marble floors, three elevators and the interior just screams class! We didnt use the leisure facilites or the bar but both looked very nice (altough I'm told its very expensive) .ROOMSAs a 24-year old I've not had the luxury of experiencing such high standards before, this blew my socks off! The room's are HUGE, two kingsize beds, big screen LCD flat TV, minibar ( expensive but not as bad as I'd expect ) and plenty of wardrobe space. The Bathrooms are a class above too; twin sinks, shaving mirror, seperate bath, beday, and the shower is one of those 'hydroshowers' which has jets comeing from the sides as well as from the shower head above!Barcelona as a place is amazing! We're both football fans and took in the Barcelona Vs Almeria game on the Sunday night, even if youre not into football - get yourself there! It's an overwhelming experience!FIRA PALACE - we shall be returning!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>RobNI
<Content>Quiet but very accessible Location Really lovely hotel with very large bedrooms. Some on the higher floors have really nice views. We were initially on the 6th (top) floor but asked to be moved, as the entire floor 'resonates' with a constant hum from the air-conditioning. The sound nearly drove me mad ... however, it can't have been that bad, as my husband didn't even notice it!!The hotel is in a good position, right at Montjuic and beside the MNAC. It is a very quiet location, there are a couple of nice restaurants nearby - but the main action is a taxi ride away.It was about a 20 minute pleasant stroll to the Ramblas.Would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IndoPolska
<Content>Great Bathroom and Great Price This is a nice hotel that is well worth the bang for your buck (We paid 99 Euros for 1 night). The shower area has multiple shower heads which made this stay worth it. The location is a bit isolated, especially with all the construction going on around the building but I would think this will clear up soon. A very comfortable room and a bit of a American feel, in terms of service and style.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>dkmr
<Content>Very good hotel but so-so restaurants We stayed at the Fira Palace for nearly a week. This hotel is extremely convenient to the convention center (the Fira), and close to a subway station. The rooms were very well appointed and large by European standards. The lobby and public spaces were large and elegant. Most of the staff spoke English, which was a plus for us. The biggest disappointment by far were the restaurants and bar. Breakfast featured a complete buffet which was OK. However the food at dinner in the restaurant was adequate at best. It featured local dishes, but the preparations were unexciting. In Barcelona, with its wonderful local cuisine, this was a big disappointment. On the other hand, the restaurant had a large selection of inexpensive but excellent Spanish wines. The bar off of the lobby was high priced and the staff was indifferent to the point of rudeness. Stay here for the rooms and location and skip the restaurant.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>TripReady
<Content>Fanastic Stay at the Fira Just got back from staying at the Fira Palace. Fifteen minutes from the airport. Not in the center of Barcelona but a ten minute bus ride, with the bus stop right across the street from the hotel. If not up to a easy bus ride, taxis are always parked outside of the hotel. The staff were friendly and accomodating. Provided exact directions and gave great resturant recommendations. One of Barcelona magnificent attractions is down the street from the hotel, Museu Nacional D'Art of Catalunya. At night the gorgeous water fountaions light up, a spectacular display. The rooms were spacious, clean but the bed too hard. Bathroom shower needed a shower curtain but no big deal because another bathroom shower stall had a glass door. Every morning found myself at the three floor gym to get a great workout or taking a drip in the pool.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Stanislov
<Content>Fira Palace met my expectations Spent four days/nights at the Fira Palace with a friend from Chicago who was in Barcelona for a medical conference. It turned out that the location of the conference was quite a distance away, but since I wasn't attending (and he was there for only one day), I didn't mind. I had been a little concerned about the hotel's location being away from the action, and while it's true, you're not in the center of the City near the star attractions, I liked that it wasn't in the thick of things. Barcelona's metro system is fantastic, and we took it everywhere. It took about 10 min to get to Placa de Catalunya. And you're about 150 m away from the Magic Fountain and Montjuic and all that it offers.Coming from one night at the Barceo Sants, I can say the Fira Palace is infinately better: the rooms are quite large for Barcelona standards, the washrooms are huge. The staff at reception were very helpful in suggesting restaurants to us, which was no easy feat due to La Merce Festival that week (restaurants were either booked solid or closed for the holiday). The elevators did break down a couple of times while we were there (and the staff seemed lost in what to do), but other than that no complaints. Since I wasn't paying for the room there, I can't honestly comment on value. I do highly recommend a nearby restaurant - Elche at Vila i Vila 71 - excellent tapas and paella!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Marcellus12
<Content>Anyone with a sense of taste avoid this I'm a frequent business traveller working with a Fortune 50 Company. Our corporation is notorious for selecting bad to terrible hotels for events and meetings. This rule was clearly confirmed this time. I stayed in the Fear Palace 3 nights and counted the minutes to leave. It clearly rates as one of the 10 worst hotels I stayed in (among 100's). Worst: - Food was unbelievably bad during the 3 days. It can't be described but I'm sure anybody who ever stayed there and has some sense for acceptable food knows what I'm talking about. One waiter was sweating so heavily during dinner that sweat drop poured into the food. This was the most disgusting experience in my life. I literally did not touch or eat the food for 3 days and only had bread. Some other attendants had problems after eating.- Rooms. Yes they are big. But I don't care if they a room is big my first priority is some cleanliness and an acceptable bed. Let me start with the cleanliness. It was DIRTY! On the entry door there where balls of dust that accumulated over the years that was never cleaned. The bathroom was outright disgusting. The shower (yes it is separate) was full of lime. The mirror to shave was covered in dirt. The bed was uncomfortable and the cushions were old and smelly. The whole room had a very strange smell. The cabinet doors couldn't be opened without force. It was a terrifying experience. It goes on and on like this....- Service. Apart from a super incompetent service at the lobby I tried to order something on the room the first night. After a couple of tries I gave up. I never had to do that in my life.- Infrastructure. The infrastructure is outdated and looks like late 80's. Internet did not work and we had to be reimbursed. They were not able to keep the temperature at an acceptable level in a room with 300 or so people.I could go on and on..... but if you are a business traveller or anyone with a little taste or sense for hygiene avoid this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	1	

<Author>Niamh12345
<Content>Good value but won't go back. My partner, 12 year old son  I stayed here for three nights (after staying in Gerona for a couple of nights). The hotes is very near the Sants train station, which was handy, but complicated traffic systems meant that what would be a short walk was a much longer drive.the hotel is situated in a fairly working-class residential area close to the Parallel street. Evening walking in the area felt slightly scary.The entrance lobby to the hotel is huge, with a real 5 star appearance. There is a tiny gift shop which is actually not too bad for last minute trinkets etc, though the very nice sales assistant took absolutely ages rummaging around for gift wrap to wrap each individual gift; nice touch but too too slow.The check in/out was slow, with very impersonal  uninterested staff. Lifts up to the room were a little slow,  the room we had (supposedly a slight upgrade from standard) was at the end of very long corridors. The room was very spacious, as advertised. The room had 2 queen size beds, which posed a bit of a problem. When I mentioned this to reception they seemed unwilling to do anything for us, though I did not push the issue. A queen size bed (about 4 foot wide I think) isn't big enough for my partner  I to sleep in comfortably, being used to standard double at least (4 foot 6 inches) or our own king size (5 foot wide). The other bed was for my son. So over the three nights we experimented with the format. Overall, though the beds were individually very comfortable, this was not satisfactory.The Bathroom, and indeed the hotel overall, looked like it had been built/designed in the 70's as a 5* luxury hotel, but now although not too shabby it does feel a little dated. The shower was merely satisfactory. The toiletries were ok. The minibar was full of the usual highly priced items which I refuse to purchase. There was a bottle of water (bizarrely, from Norway) on the bedside locker, looked more like a bottle of aftershave. This had a price sticker on it of 2.80 Euro. The chambermaids were a little too enthusiastic about arriving early, and knocked several times before we had gone out of the room for the day. Also, during our three days there we had two separate incidents of staff walking in unannounced while we were in the room.Despite the mini hallway entry to the room with a second door, the carpeted coridor seemed to produce a lot of noisy people  staff banging doors etc.We tried out the pool on one occasion. Tthis is in the hotel but is part of a separate gym which is open to the public members. The pool looked like any municipal pool, but was fine; no-one but us in it at the time.We didn't eat in the hotel at all, but there was a nice enough restaurant about 20 yards from the hotel front door. I can't remember the name of it, but beside it was a fairly expensive fish restaurant that looked great but was full when we tried to eat there.Checking out was painfully slow, but we were able to leave our bags in the storage facility while we did some more sightseeing, we collected our luggage later (had to queue again)  asked the porter to get us a taxi. This involved him standing out in the street trying to see if he could hail one, which took a good 5 minutes  we could have probably done this ourselves.Overall it was comfortable but not fantastic.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>benbLondon
<Content>Loved it! Stayed here for two nights with my wife and two children and can highly recommend it. Kids under 12 stay free in parents' room and the bedrooms are vast.Great bathroom, too, marble everywhere, and superb separate shower with powerful body jets.Staff are friendly; on site car park that charges 16 euros per day.Hotel rates a bargain for this sort of hotel - it's officially four stars but could easily pass for five.Breakfast extra, 15 euros for adults, half price for kids. But lovely little bakery across the road which has fresh croissants, pastries etc every morning if you want to save some euros.Bus 55 stops outside the hotel and takes you to La Ramblas in around seven minutes.Hotel quite close to the Nou Camp - Barcelona FC's famous ground - and a tour is a must. Around 55 euros for two adults and two kids.Only tiny drawback of hotel is it's modern design - it was constructed in 1992 - so doesn't have classic Spanish look, with balconies, wrought iron etc.Ask for room high up on the car park entrance side of the hotel, much better views.Lots of internet cafes nearby, cheapest we found was 50 cents for 30 mins.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>harryt
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed here for 4 days with 2 children and loved it.Rooms were huge and spotlessly clean. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Pool was nt huge but great to get in and relax after hours walking around Barcelona. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kmdinparis
<Content>Excellent! Don't bother looking anywhere else! We have been lucky enough to take several vacations in Europe this summer. The Fira Palace in Barcelona is by far the best hotel we have stayed in. The room was very large, with two full/queen beds, sofa, desk, flat screen, etc, etc. The room and amenities were just as nice as the five star hotel we looked into, but the beds were bigger, and more comfortable, ( and if you've read the other reviews, yes the sheets are REALLY nice!). The bathroom was superb, with body sprays in the shower, and a full set of toiletries on the marble vanity. The executive rooms have bathrobes, and extra amenities as well. The front desk and service personelle were helpful, and friendly, and all spoke English. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone. Oh, let me not forget the price. We paid two star prices for what we considered a five star experience! It was in a lovely area, with a fabulous bakery across the street. Thus we did not choose their breakfast. We also did not have time to use the pool or gym. Some complain of the location, but a taxi stand is in front of the door, the bus stops a few meters away, and the metro station is about two blocks. What we would pay in taxi, bus/ metro fare, we saved in the super price of the hotel! We brought a car, and the car park opens into the lower level of the hotel. Super safe!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BarcelonaManchester
<Content>Excellent! Excellent! Excellent! My daughter and I initially booked into The Hotel Barbara but were advised not to stay there as it was located in the red light area. We altered our booking and by chance stayed in the Hotel Fira Palace. Everything about the place was just great, spotlessly clean, spacious rooms, well equipt bathroom, everything we could want. I think we got a good deal on the price as usually this hotel is used by businesses many of which shut down in August, so if that's the month of your trip it's worth a try. The location is ideal. Just around the corner from the Royal Palace with it's fountains. Three stops on the metro from La Ramblas, therefore excellent for a good night's sleep. We will return very soon!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jimbo2007
<Content>Excellent Hotel All Round We stayed here for a week in August 2007. The hotel is situated in a quiet suburb of Barcelona and is within easy reach of a couple of Metro stations and bus routes. The rooms are very spacious and air conditioned. The pool is adequate and the gym facilities are good. It is an easy walk into the Rambla area of the city from the hotel or you could use the Metro (3 stops to La Rambla area). There is a fantastic restaurant just down the road from the hotel called 'La Canota' which offers extremely good value fr money and friedndly staff. The range of food at La Canota is good and the Seafood Paella is a must! On the Av. Paral.lel there are various pizza bars, tapas bars so there is no need to go right into the city to eat. The Parc Montjuic is approx 100m away from the hotel and on Thur, Fri, Sat nights you can walk there to watch the Magic Fountain, with lights and music. There is a pastry shop just opposite the hotel which is also excellent and good value for money. The only down side that we found to the hotel was that there is no kettle and tea/coffee in the room.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	-1	5	5	-1	

<Author>ntm4
<Content>Excellent hotel....not centrally located.---at all! Excellent hotel! Very quiet section of the city. 3 adults stayed in one room. The rooms were large and clean. The bathroom was huge also. The only downside is that this hotel is NOT centrally located. We live in NYC and walk everywhere and felt the hotel was NOT near any of the attractions. Be prepared to take the metro and or a taxi EVERYWHERE! The fountains (at night) are near the hotel and this is one attraction that is within a walking distance.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rossy Boy
<Content>Good for Short Break The Hotel Fira Palace was all that you would expect from a 4 star hotel. Stayed here for 4 nights. The rooms were spacious, well equipped and cleaned daily. Heard no noise from outdoors or neighbouring rooms and good air conditioning. Friendly English speaking staff with excellent service within the bar and reception areas. Indoor pool and gym facilities of a high standard. Good location for the fountains (2 minute walk), Montjuic (behind the hotel) and Harbour, Ramblas etc (5 minutes by taxi costing 6-7 euros). One thing that was advertised at the time of booking - was complimentary coffee in reception. This was not the case as they only provided this for Delta airline staff! Overall though we were very satisfied with the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mijansso
<Content>Excellent rooms, good location - gym  Fira Palace is excellently located very near Avenida Paral.lel, close to all major central Barcelona areas (plus a subway station is just few hundred meters away from hotel). This hotel has some of the finest, best rooms I have seen in any hotel in Spain in its price range - rooms are large  spacious, well-lit, and marble bathrooms offer separate enclosures for toilet, bath and shower for added privacy. All the hotel's amenities were very good - the only thing that stops me from giving this hotel full 5 stars is the gym/swimming pool - these facilities are NOT AT ALL on the same level of standards as the rest of the hotel!!! Swimming pool was dirty and delapitated, and gym was also like from early 70's. Fully  highly recommend the hotel for those who do not care about the gym  pool (well, at least these facilities exists...).  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>sabrinaa
<Content>Suprisingly Good! I have just returned from a long weekend in Barcelona and we stayed at the Fira. The hotel staff were very accomadating and polite. We got to the hotel before check in times, but they were happy to keep our luggage in a store room whilst we wondered around the area. There were three of us booked into one room, the rooms are very clean and spacious. The room we were in had two double beds and a sofa bed. But there is no need for the sofa bed as the double beds are big in size. the bathroom was clean with a shower unit and also a bath tub. The showers were good and the water pressure is high and the side jet pressure is a bonus.It is a bit out of the town centre but the hotel is less than 5 minutes from the main bus stops, metro and turistic bus stop. it takes 5-10 minutes to reach La Rambla on the Metro. The best way and cheaper way to come to the hotel from the airport is via the aerobus (3.50 euro) or the local bus 46 (1.25 euro). the first stop with the aerobus is Espanya, which is where the hotel is located. Overall the hotel was very nice, the staff were pleasent and the rooms and beds were good. If you want a bit out of the Ramblas then this is a good hotel to stay in. I will probably not stay here in the future as persoanlly i think staying up in Passage Garcia is a better choice.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>tottie
<Content>Great hotel Stayed at the Fira Palace for 2 nights last week with my 18 year old neice. When we checked in - a room with 2 beds wasnt available, however, the receptionist phoned housekeeping and after 15 minutes a room was available. Room was large - 2 queen beds, table and 2 chairs, flat screen TV, 2 seater sofa. bathroom a reasonable size - 2 showers, 2 sinks, seperate toilet with BDay. Fairly good location - used the metro. Swimming pool on ground floor - have to wear swimming caps but hotel provided those and towels. In the lobby there is complementary water and coffee and biscuits at various times through the day. Top of the reception desk sweets and fruit. Breakfast wasnt included in the price - 15 euros each but did include champagne, smoked salmon, various cooked items as well as continental fare. Overall felt it was great value for money.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	4	3	

<Author>haasenpher
<Content>A Perfect Vacation The perfect Thanksgiving break. The hotel has everything you could dream of. Within walking distance (5 min) to the locals shopping district and the city bus tour. Cab fares were relatively cheap for after hours clubbing. The hotel is a true 5* hotel (American standards). I was there for 4 days with 3 friends in 1 room. The room had 2 queen size beds and a sofabed. The bathroom was equipped with a shower and tub. And the all inportant double sink and large mirror for 4 females. The only thing that we would have liked was to have the pool open later than 10pm.Not a great location if planning to really enjoy the club scene since you are a bit away from downtown Barcelona.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nico_ch
<Content>Nice hotel The Fira Palace is a nice hotel located directly next to the fair (which can be good and bad - especially when you are there 5 days before the int'l car show). It's in town, but we spent quite some money on taxis to go to various locations.Rooms are really large, bed is hard (which I like), bathroom could be better organized (large but shower is small).The breakfast is quite OK, the food (conference) was too - but not very diverse. The bar could improve (only basic cocktails and some cheap crackers).The staff was cool and spoke pretty good english for Spain.Overall I really liked the hotel, but it wasn't cheap (160E/night one month in advance).  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>DeeClarkin
<Content>Excellent Hotel Stayed for one night in the Fira Hotel in BArcelona. Rooms were exceptionally large with a beautiful bathroom.Breakfast was excellent with an extensive choice of dishes.Location was perfect in the centre of barcelona, beside the Plaza Espanya.Parking for guests is 16 euro per day.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>TravelingDad69
<Content>Excellent hotel even with kids Stayed there en-route to a Disney Cruise. Hotel was a lot better than I thought it would be based on the information on the web. We had 3 rooms. All rooms were big and nicer than the standard European hotel. Location was off the beaten path and quiet. Easy place to get rest after a long flight. Bathrooms are very spacious and extremely nice. Restaurants are close by but as you'll see, food in Spain is expensive in the tourist areas so don't eat near a square or large tourist area. A small pastry shop is across the street and the best I've had in Europe鈥nd cheap too. Major international airline crews stay here as well which means it's a good place. If anyone complains about this hotel, they should not travel. The cost of a taxi from the airport is around 16 Euro plus extra passengers and luggage. I paid 40 Euro for 4 folks and lots of bags plus the standard 5% tip (on the meter) The cost for a taxi to the port from the hotel was 35 Euro鈥et the port is a lot closer to the hotel than the airport (no meter used鈥e had a standard price sheet)鈥axi from the port to the airport was only 30 Euro (on the meter)鈥o be aware the taxi cab drivers can play games with tourist especially if you don鈥檛 speak the language. The subway is about a 10 min walk. The hotel staff was very nice to us and spoke good English. My dad needed a new pair of reading glasses and the lady at the desk walked him to the store so he could get there without any problems. The next time I travel to Barcelona, I鈥檒l stay here again鈥ut I鈥檒l have a better plan on how to deal with the taxi cab drivers! If you鈥檙e traveling light, the bus from the airport is supposed to be really easy and has a stop near the hotel.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fizzy-MoonPerth
<Content>Disappointed with Fira Stayed here for 4 nights in May as part of a conference. Very spacious rooms  as mentioned previously spacious bathrooms with separate shower  bath  toilet/bidet. What everyone has failed to mention, however, is that if you actually want to take a shower in the bath (as a shower head is provided) you end up wetting the entire floor as no shower curtain/screen has been provided. In addition, if everyone is using the shower at the same time (or just your neighbouring room) your shower pressure cuts down significantly to a trickle - barely enough to wash the shampoo from your hair! One last gripe, the bed itself is the hardest I have encountered on my travels, a point that a 4 star hotel should really address. After all, if you can't have a comfortable bed  good shower, what else is there to a hotel room?  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>jlvetock
<Content>Great family hotel! Stayed here with my husband and two year old daughter last week. Got a great deal going through the hotel's website--much better than any search/travel site. The rooms are HUGE and the bathrooms are immaculate. Easy walk to the Metro which takes you anywhere in the city. A little away from the main attractions but for us it was great as it was quieter than being near the nightlife. Staff very friendly. Separate bath and shower areas.  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Wingwing
<Content>Spacious and Recommended for business travellers I stayed there because I have to attend a conference at this hotel. It is spacious, clean, staff is helpful and the room is equipped with wireless internet access. Breakfast is okay, the piano bar is nice too. It is some distance from the main shopping area, I needed to take 5-6 Euros taxi to get to De Glacia Street. Though it is quiet and comfortable.  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	2	3	3	3	4	

<Author>BartDM
<Content>Pretty good and enjoyable A good hotel, located close to some major Barcelona attractions.Very good sized rooms and a hell of a bathroom (with bath and separate shower), they also offer a good and decent priced wireless access.Some remarks however are that the restaurant's choice is a bit limited, and the breakfast could be better and a bit more offerings.The staff are very helpful and friendly- even if your spanish is limited or non-existing.  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>KellyAustralian
<Content>Excellent Hotel Both my partner and I loved this hotel. I have read other reviews and I feel they do not do this hotel justice. Everything was clean, spacious and the staff were very friendly. Everything is closer then what you expect and were able to get around very easily. The bathrooms are exceptional.We were very pleased  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CatherineB
<Content>Great Hotel, Friendly Staff The Fira Palace is not bang in the centre of Barcelona but is a few minutes away by taxi or underground so it is in a peaceful area of the city but close enough to enjoy all the action.The staff were very friendly and helpful from the reception to the lovely bar tenders (very large measures served too). The room was enormous too and the bed very comfortable. I would recommend the Bus Turistic sightseeing bus which has a hop on hop off system and covers every part of the city. The underground is also easy to use and efficient. I would also recommend the Taxidermista restaurant in the Placa Reial which served the best steak my husband has ever tasted!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Gerlad
<Content>Well recommended I stayed in the Fira Palace for two nights at the end of March/start of April and have to say I was pleased overall. The hotel was only a short stroll to Plaza Espanya which is well connected to the rest of the city by metro and is also serviced by the tourist bus. We were well treated and on arrival the hotel were very helpful as we had to dart to a FC Barcelona game due to our delayed flight. The receptionist checked us in quickly and offered to take our bags direct to our room and order us a taxi to the ground. This was a great help. The pool in the morning was fine but I was a bit perturbed about the cleaner using pool water to clean the walkways around the pool by dipping her bucket into the water and then mopping around. Something didn't seem right about this!! Rooms were massive and bathrrom was excellent with bidets, power shower and separate room for toilet and for shower. However beds were very hard and I had a bad night's sleep due to this and some of the paper thin walls letting in noise. I didn't use the local restaurant as I felt 15euro per head for the buffet breakfast was a bit excessive. However the options outside of the hotel aren't great with basically one or two small (and expensive!) tapas bars available.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>upper
<Content>Not a bad place Stayed here for a few days in March, 2007, including attending a conference. The property is fairly well situated, as described in previous posts. It is possible to walk into the Barri Gothic, though you've got to want to walk - 40 minutes and not much to see. The room was huge, by European standards, and well appointed. Internet access (extra fee) was fine and the overall amenities were great. I considered sleeping on the floor, however, thinking it might be a little softer than the bed. Either I was too fatigued or got used to it - the last night I slept fine. Meeting arrangements were very good. Overall, an Ok place to stay.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>strawbear
<Content>win some lose some win some lose some is the best way to sum this hotel uprooms first class very spacious and superb bathroom the only problem was the lack of tea and coffee in the room a minor point for some people but for me importantfood only averege breakfast choice dissapointing for hot food choicerestaraunt food again nicely presented and served but not very inspiringlesuire club just about ok but lift broken down so had to go up and down from reception to book in not happy about being asked to leave room key as deposit for the cap and towellobby very clean and tidy piano bar nice but no piano playeroverall good spot to explore the city superb rooms but food coulld be a lot better suggest guests book bed and breakfast only  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>windvalley
<Content>OK but would not call it four star We stayed at Fira Palace for 4 nights last week. As the previous reviews stated, the hotel was a little further away from the center of Barcelona than I would have liked but we good a good rate so we went for it. The National Palace was right next door, so it was great for some sunset pictures. Unfortunately, the magic fountains are only operational during the weekends in the winter (which, by the way, is RIDICULOUS considering how many tourists there was even in the dead of winter!) The hotel lobby was very nice and spacious but furniture was quite out dated, definitely in the need of some revamping. Our room was on the 2nd floor next to the elevator room so of course, we could hear the elevator going up and down, which was very annoying at night time. We had the buffet breakfast at the restaurant downstairs and can say that it really wasnt worth the 15e per person. The fruit tasted overripe and the selection of hot breakfast foods was small. Also, we got cold tea every time and had to ask specifically to get hot tea. The other restaurant El Mall had good food, we had paella a few times and really enjoyed the Crema Catalana (creme brulee). Our stay was okay but I dont think I would stay here again because of the location.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	2	4	4	3	2	

<Author>Lovvers
<Content>Enjoyed my business stay I came here for a conference. Last time I stayed in Barcelona, I was in cheapo accommodation, so it was nice to be in a half decent hotel. The rooms were very spacious (2 king size beds), telly, minibar, very nice bathoom with jet sprays in shower, bidet, the works. View from the room was not exciting, but did enjoy it as a business hotel. The walls of the rooms are paper thin though. I thought people were in my room, when it was simply the cleaner next door or a neighbour guest in the bathroom.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gyngefungo
<Content>Very good value for money I am writing this using the wireless internet available in the entire hotel. This hotel was really a pleasant sureprise, it was quite cheap, and the rooms are very spacious, and I am in standard room.Unlike some reviewers I have not had any problems with the staff not speaking english, as a matter of fact I am yet to talk to anybody here that did not speak english.One drawback that other reviewers also have mentioned is the fact that the gym doesn't open before 9am and closes already at 10pm at weekdays - opening hours are even more limited on weekends. That said the gym has all the equipent you could imagine, I think the gym is actually open to locals also and it is probably not even run by the hotel which explains why it is so well equiped as it has to compete with other local gyms.The hotel is located 500 meters from Plaze Espanya which is not too close to La Rambla, but it works for me, the metro can take you there directly in no time.The view in my room is nothing special, so try to get a room facing towards the mountain.All in all except for the limiting opening hours of the gym, I am very happy with my stay here.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	-1	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>COLONEL124
<Content>In Barcelona stay at the Fira Palace Stayed at the Fira Palace Hotel 18-20 Oct 2006. The property was very clean and the staff was very helpful and friendly. Needed a reservation at the 4Gats and the hotel staff secured it. Wine buckets, ice, and extra pillows (you know these hotels with flat pancake pillows) were no problem. The restaraunt even made ice tea for me at breakfast. Fira Palace has a buffett. Try the donut shop across the street. The owner speaks perfect English and very friendly. Close to the Metro and the HopOn-HopOff Tourist bus at Placa Espanya. The hotel is close to the Convention Center and Placa Espanya.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>globalbiztrav
<Content>Extremely Disappointed Business Traveler... I'm an executive and frequent business traveler for a Fortune 50 company based in NYC and have stayed in a wide variety of hotels across the globe, ranging from business to luxury class. The Fira Palace Hotel was recommended to our team for a Barcelona meeting, as we're a rather large group, and the reviews posted thus far on TripAdvisor didn't seem so bad. (The worst I saw was a comment about the rock-hard beds - quite accurate but manageable). However, those reviews fail to capture some real problems here, particularly for the business traveler. First, the gymnasium opens at 9 am, precisely the time that your meetings will have begun, so don't bother packing the sneakers and shorts. Second, room service (other than light fare) is available on a very limited restaurant style schedule - open only for several hours in late afternooon and late evening, and is closed all other times. Besides that, the menu offerings are incredibly limited, and unacceptable for a city business hotel. Third, English is not spoken by a large percentage of the staff, which is fine for meetings of local travelers but doesn't work well for an international gathering. I could go on and on, but will spare you the details. What's more, the staff and management were entirely unapologetic for these shortcomings, and seemed to suggest that the issues cited were perfectly reasonable, at least for the Spanish business traveler. (My condolences to the Spanish!) Be that as it may, I will recommend that my organization do no further business with this establishment, and I would caution international business travelers to look elsewhere.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	2	1	1	

<Author>Jonathanparis
<Content>good hotel and good place We stay five days in this hotel to discover barcelona and everything was as i expected to.Big room, frontdesk very friendly, the breakfast worth his cost.Just a little bit from the city center,15 min by metro, the hotel is in Montjuic which is for me one of my favorite place in Barcelona, going up the hill and having a fantastic panorama of Barcelona!I totally recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JenMoody
<Content>Fira...nice but a bad taste Stayed here for three nights. Rooms were quite nice...very big, the bathrooms were huge and magnificent (tub, seperate room for toilet and seperate huge shower with jets!). Yes the beds were too hard for my liking, but my spouse didn't mind. The location is fine...it is really only a 5 min walk to one of two metro stations (one the green line, which leads right to las ramblas, and gets you there in less than ten mins) Regarding previous reviews about the location and the metro being hard to navigate, well, they must not metro much. It was very straigtforward and the 2 and 3 days passes are very reasonably priced.We did not eat here....breakfast was not in our rate and the room card said the continental breakfast was 14.95 euros...ridiculous...not a chance.The hotel itself was very nice...what bugged me was the service. We booked early and got a rate of 129 Eur, no breakfast. Two days before we left the listed rates had dropped to 99 Euros including breakfast. I emailed the hotel and requested the new rate. They did not answer my email. When we arrived I discussed this with the front desk, and was told tough luck, too bad, 72 hour cancellation if you don't like it you will be charged half of your three nights at the original rate. So walking out wasn't really an option. With regard to other requests, the front desk staff were not very knowledgeable. The gondola at the waterfront is closed for a while for renovations....after reading something that alluded to this, but hearing the front desk recommend it to another patron we asked. This guy said he didn't know and because it was a holiday, there was no way to find out (from any other staff or any other means). Ok? The last morning the girl on the front desk kindly circled where to catch the airport bus (5 min walk)...too bad it was the wrong place....we spotted the bus stopped around the corner from where she directed us. Oi. To top it all off, arriving home there was an email message from the hotel hoping that we had enjoyed our stay and welcoming and comments or questions. So they will email uselessness in the name of providing the best service, but they won't answer your email if you are asking them to honor the best rate available two days before arrival. My advice, don't book far ahead, or if you do, recheck the rate 73 hours before and if it's much better, cancel and rebook. That would have saved us 90 euros!The hotel rating would have been a 5, the service disappointment dropped it to a 3.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>stcdub
<Content>Stayed there with small kids Just come back from a 5 day break in Barcelona, staying at the Fira Palace Hotel with husband and 2 young children (6 and 2). Chose the hotel based on reviews here, but found it difficult to find advise from other familes travelling with small children. We were happy with our chose as we fit comfortably into 1 standard room, including a cot. Beds were very comfortable (some people actually have a preference for hard beds) and bathroom was enormous (separate bath and shower and double sink). We could not hear other guests, so assume no-one was disturbed by our 2 screaming and jumping on the beds! Minibar fridge, though large, was not cold, so difficult to store milk, snacks etc. and there was no kettle for heating bottle (we did request this, but it was not available). Front desk staff were not overly friendly but were efficient and dealt with all requests expediently (extra towels, pillows etc.)We found the location convenient and used the metro throughout our stay (it was a little walk away, but if you don't like walking you should choose another city). Metro was not very buggy-friendly but we had got a new light-weight one and got great exercise carrying it and baby up and down several flights of stairs in and out of the stations.Also availed of the Bus Touristic and would advise doing this over 2 days. A visit to the zoo is also essential, though bring a picnic as the foods' not great.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hard Beds We booked into the hotel and decided to have a rest before exploring Barcelona.Three hours later we had to book out of the hotel because we just could not sleep on the rock hard beds ( Room 405 ) and the manager refused to move us to a different room saying that all the beds were the same.I have read all the positive reviews and have decided that these must in fact be posted by the hotel.I do not believe that anyone would be able to sleep on these beds.................Apart from this the hotel seemed to be very pleasant if a little further from the centre of Barcelona that we expected  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel We spent 8 wonderful days in Barcelona, including our stay at the Hotel Fira Palace. The hotel was one of the most quiet I have ever stayed in--we heard virtually no noise while in the room.The staff were courteous and accomodating, and given it was out first trip to Europe we had lots of silly questions (How do we work the shower? The lights?). I had heard from a family member that many European hotels have poor air conditioning, but the Fira Palace was comfortable in all areas.It is off the beaten path but situated next to the beautiful National Palace and Magic Fountains. We enjoyed walking past them on our way to and from the Metro station each day.There is a convenience store down the street (and on the right hand side) directly in front of the hotel. Just before the grocery store is an internet cafe which costs only 30 euros for 30 minutes of use. The hotel restaurant had a limited menu for lunch and dinner, but what we had was very good. The buffet breakfast was excellent.Watch out for pickpockets while on the metro, including teenaged girls.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>janetiler
<Content>overpriced and out of the way If you are not really interested in Spain and just want an ordinary hotel this place is ok, except the beds are cheap and hard. It's about as interesting as any other Holiday Inn type place in say Dayton or Topeka, but not worth 199 euros without breakfast. I made the mistake of booking at their site and they have a 72 hour concellation policy so we were stuck. We arrived at check-in time, but were obliged to wait two hours with no apology for a room while they kept telling us to return in 20 minutes. The next morning we tried to buy a coffee in the restaurant, but were told that it was impossible. The restaurant was also way overpriced for Spain, we walked a few blocks away and had an amazing and upscale meal for a third the hotel lunch rate. Also the hotel is not near to anything, even the metro is quite a hike. All in all just not worth it and the beds are rock hard and impossible to get a good night's sleep on.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Peaceful location Stayed here for 3 nights for a weekend break. Although at first we thought it was a little far away from the main sights, it turned out to be a perfect location. You can walk from here up to the Miro museum and through a lovely park, and there are several metro stations within 5-10 mins walk. The hotel was extremely clean and spacious, there is a gym and pool downstairs, and even spinning classes, although we didn't get time to do any of this. We did plenty of walking instead as it's the best way to see Barcelona! We had breakfast in the hotel one morning, and it was superb, lots of choice and all very fresh. The bathroom was extremely spacious with a separate walk in shower which was extremely welcome after a day sightseeing. We mainly ate down at the Olympic Port area, as the fish there was superb. I'd definitely recommend taking a bus tour, where you can hop on and off throughout the day, some of the sights are far away from the centre so it's a nice way to see the city whilst getting to the sights. We'd read alot about pickpockets in Barcelona, but we felt safe, just use the normal precautions you would in any big city and you'll have a fabulous time. We'll definitely be going back!  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>RodWebb
<Content>Excellent Hotel - Most comfortable bed ever! After a disappointing stay in Stiges, we returned to Barcelona for one night before travelling to Paris.The Fira Palace was excellent - the location is within easy walking distance (if you're relatively fit) of many of the tourist attractions, including La Ramblas. It's very close to the Spanish Village, which is worth a visit.The room was spacious and had the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in - though judging by the previous reviewer's comments, not to everyone's taste. It was also quiet - I'd recommend asking for a room at the back - not pretty but very quiet.Staff were pleasant and accommodating and by booking in advance we got a great rate.On the downside, the restaurant food was only average, and the hotel isn't the prettiest ever on the outside. Nevertheless I'd definitely stay here again when returning to Barcelona.  
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ekatzen
<Content>Horrible location We visited Barcelona on holiday for 4 nights. As soon as we arrived at the Fira Palace we began to suspect that we had made a mistake in choosing this hotel. It is a business hotel located next to the Fira Barcelona which is a huge facility that hosts trade fairs. There is nothing appealing within walking distance, and navigating to the subway (a 10 minute walk at least) was difficult. Cab fare to La Rambla was 7 Euros which means you have 14 Euros in transportation expense every time you venture out unless you like to walk in which case it takes 30-40 minutes each way.In addition to the unfortunate location, the bed was as hard as a slab of granite which made any activity other than actually sleeping impossible and sleeping itself was difficult. The hotel staff were indifferent and there was no doorman to help with luggage. After one night we moved to Hotel 1898 for a few Euros more and were very pleased.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant Stay, but Price Must be Reasonable First Stayed for 3 nights (a romantic trip). The rooms are certainly clean and spacious, but getting a little dated. I felt that I got the best price by booking directly through the Fira Palace website ( not in my case by using the hotel booking internet sites). The restaurant was too quiet for our liking and the drinks in the bar quite expensive. However, the room price was much better value than other 4 star hotels that I had enquired about. The Taxi fare to main tourists spots a very reasonable 6 Euro approx. and to the airport 18.50 euro. Not the place to stay if you want to walk out directly onto the shopping streets (as it is located in a business area, along a quiet side street), but if you want peace and quiet in your hotel room, I was not disturbed once either night or morning which was a godsend to us! Easy to find from the Plaza Espana (a 5 min. walk) and the bus costs 3.75 each to Plaza Espana from the main airport (another bonus).  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>DDMOttawa
<Content>Great hotel....but book on-line for lowest rates My wife and I stayed at this hotel for three nights on two separate occasions (1-2 April then 14 - 16 April). This hotel is very high quality. It is located in a quiet neighbourhood about a 20 minute walk from the main tourist sites of Barcelona (while some may find this slightly inconvenient, I was pleased with how quiet the area was). It is spotlessly clean and the rooms are large and well set-up. On our first stay (one night) the rate was 108 euros. What a bargain! I got this rate by booking it online. Since we liked it so much, we decided to book for our next time in Barcelona. I made this booking using a telephone in the lobby. Unfortunately, the rate went to 150 euros per night. When I explained that I thought maybe I could get the same rate, I was offered an upgraded room (a very nice suite) and complimentary breakfast (valued at 30 euros). So I think we were both satisfied. However, to get the best rate, be sure to book on-line. The breakfast buffet (16 euros) is terrific with a huge selection of food. All very good. We found this a good way to start our day and we skipped lunch after such a feast. We had dinner in the hotel one night. The service was excellent, the food very good and the price reasonable. Overall, an excellent choice for business or tourist travellers.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel We loved the hotel. It was clean, spacious, comfortable huge beds, large bathroom, quiet, even blackout curtains so the light didn't wake you. Breakfast was included in our deal and was amazing. Fresh pineapple, 2 types of melon, papaya, kiwi, orange. Freshly sqeezed orange juice, peach juice, tea, coffee, breads, cereals, cakes, cheese, parma ham, smoked salmon and all the cooked stuff too. You're free to take what you want. Swimming pool we didn't use and its not always available due to lessons but it looked good, also lots of fitness machines.It's a 5 minute walk to the nearest metro stop and they are so frequent you're in Ramblas in about 10 minutes door to door. Its nice to get away from the crowds in the evening and have a quiet hotel.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>brasco88
<Content>Great hotel I am a little confused as to why the reviewer below gave this hotel 5 stars as they didn't seem to like it at all! Myself and my husband however, loved this hotel. From when you walk in the entrance, the reception is beautiful.We stayed here 3 weeks ago in a superior room and didnt once smell sewers. The bathroom was big, with separate bath and shower cubicle, which was lovely. The staff we spoke to/met incuding the manager were all well spoken in English and very friendly and helpful. The food was very nice too. Would definately stay here again. Nice big bed!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Less than mediocre My husband and I stayed at the Fira Palace in Barcelona for 6 nights in March 2006 and we would definitely not stay there again. We were there for business and so we were able to compare our experience with others staying there at the same time. The pros: The rooms were spacious, and the windows to the outside were very sound-proofed while still being able to open for fresh air, close to Montjuic. The cons:The bathrooms smelled so bad we had to keep the door closed to our room (they smelled like sewer gas and everyone we knew staying there said the same of their rooms), the shower would not keep a constant water temperature no matter what time of day it was (fluctuated between icy cold and scalding hot water), the staff was not helpful and made almost no attempt to try and speak English (which was very strange for a business hotel), the cleaning staff was extremely loud in the hallways at all hours, the room service is very expensive (11 euros for a cheese sandwich), there were no irons in the rooms (again, strange for a business hotel) and when we called to get one, they insisted taking it back each day, not close to anything except Monjuic. Overall, the hotel was less than mediocre. We would not stay there again even if the hotel was paid for. We may have also been a little jaded because we had just come from Amsterdam and had stayed in a great hotel there (the Ambassade), but we are not the types that demands perfection from a hotel...but this did not even come close to decent.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>5	1	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Piqua41
<Content>What a fabulous place! Great location near a Metro stop, Montjuic, and the Catalan Art Museum. Convenient parking beneath the hotel. Luxurious, four-star hotel with helpful front desk staff. Huge rooms, especially for Europe. Within walking distance of much in this beautiful, hilly city. We'd stay here again in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>paulinelScotland
<Content>GREAT HOTEL Hotel is fantastic, rooms are huge, clean and decor is very pleasing. Location is excellent, away from the over-priced Las Ramblas. Hotel staff and very pleasant and very helpful.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jamwilson
<Content>Nice Hotel, Large Rooms My husband, daughter  I stayed here in February. The hotel is nicely appointed with larger than average rooms for European standards. We had 2 queen beds with a sofa  desk in the room. The bathroom had a separate shower from the tub. The only real complaint was that the shower water temperature was never consistent, you had to keep adjusting it one way or the other. The location is not that convenient for site seeing so a cab is a must in most cases. The staff was pleasant  spoke English. Overall a pleasant experience.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sweep65
<Content>Nice Hotel Stayed for 3 nights at the Hotel Fira De Palace in January this year. Lovely spacious hotel with large room containing two queen sized beds. Like many other travellers I agree there is a problem with the drains which first thing in the morning can be a little off putting.This was definately a 4* hotel with 4* prices. Food and drink in hotel very expensive so opted to eat out even breakfast.Personally I found the hotel to be a little bit out of the way from the main attractions. As a family of 4 with 2 young children dragging a buggy across the underground was not ideal. For this reason I consider a hotel nearer the ramblas would have been better suited for our needs.Otherwise a nice spacious hotel. If you use the hotel swimming pool you have to wear swimming hats provided by the hotel!!! unless you take your own.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>krasavitsa
<Content>Excellent My husband  I stayed at Fira Palace this past Aug. The hotel is beautiful. The rooms are enormous and so clean. The bathroom was gorgeous. Marble from floor to ceiling. There were two showers, one was part of the tub and the other was a stand-alone. The food at the restaurant was delicious. We had breakfast there every day and ate lunch and dinner there twice. The location is right near the convention center and a quick walk to the bus stop. I would definitely stay there again and would recommend it.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jax1962
<Content>Thank you fellow Trip Advisors!! We have just returned from a family break to Fira Palace and cannot praise the hotel and staff enough. We booked for 3 nights on the hotel website after researching through Trip Advisor and ended up extending our stay. On the first night we were there we were kept awake by noisy neighbours and I ended up, bleary eyed, at reception at 5.45 am asking if our next 2 nights could be in a quieter room. Not only did they cheerfully oblige, they upgraded us to a suite at no extra charge. Next day my husband(rather cheekily) asked if we could extend the stay and they agreed to let us have another night at the same rate of 99 euros! We found the staff extremely helpful and pleasant, they looked up an address we needed in another town, photocopied it and went through directions on how to get there. We cannot comment on the food in the hotel as we felt that 14.50 each for breakfast was a bit too much for us. We travel with kettle and teabags and there's a nice bakery across the road for breakfast pastries. However we did find a wonderful restaurant along the Ramblas. If you exit the Metro at Place Catalunya, walk UP the Ramblas (away from the sea) and across the road from Habitat you will find the Trobador. The address is Rambla Catalunya 2. Modern layout with comfy cushions, a bar at the front and dining at the rear where you can see the cheerful chefs prepare your meal. Food is cheap but excellent. Starters from 3 euros, Main Courses from 5 euros and desserts (if you're able!) for 3.50. Be warned that the portions are very generous - we ordered some side dishes, thinking that as the prices were so reasonable the portions must be miniscule - big mistake! Our total bill for a family of 4, with drinks, came to 57 euros. They are also open from 12 noon to 1.30 am - handy if you're not into the late dinner hours in Spain.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent stay! Barcelona is a great place to visit! But, it also helps that you are staying at a great hotel in a great location. Of all the places we visited during our European vacation, Barcelona was our favorite. This hotel is located in the most ideal location - $5 cab ride over to a very very very busy area of the city: Las Ramblas  the Gothic Quarter. I would NOT stay in those 2 areas because traffic is a complete mad house over there as well as the number of people in that area. It was nice to come home to a nice quiet place to lay your head down after hours of sighting seeing. The hotel staff was very helpful, and the rooms were enormous! It was bigger than 1 bedroom apts in Paris! I would highly recommend this hotel to all types of travelers. I also highly recommend that you do the Open Bus Tour. This will give you an idea of where all the major sights are to see in Barcelona. We took it around one time (there are 2 routes), then we went back the next day and stopped at sights that were of interest to us. It worked out really well because we did not have to use the metro and we always ended up in Las Ramblas where we took a $5 taxi ride back to the hotel. This is a great city. See  do as much as you can while you are here!  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BernieIreland
<Content>Enjoyable Stay Realy enjoyed our stay in this hotel over the October bank holiday weekend. Bedroom was fine, clean, not to noisey with traffic outside. Booked a double standard room and got a lovely room- two double beds, sofa, writing desk in the room and still plenty of room in the bedroom, bathroom was fine also. Breakfast is pretty good also, buffet style, breads, cereals, hot and cold meats etc. Drinks in the piano bar were expensive through, 鈧?.00 for a vodka/gin etc, mixer extra. This hotel is a half an hour walk from the main areas - Las Ramblas etc, but only takes couple of minutes by taxi and the fare was usualy under 鈧?.00. Overall loved our stay in this hotel and would stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>veezAtlanta_GA
<Content>Great Hotel My family enjoyed our three night stay at the very clean and quiet Fira! Excellent breakfast buffet lasts the whole day. Our daughter stayed (and ate) free and we booked a special priced deal from their web site. Not central but easy access to Metro. We enjoyed leaving the noise of La Ramblas behind every night! Highly recommended.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pdxmark2
<Content>Excellent Hotel in an Excellent Location We stayed in this hotel one night following a cruise, and selected it based on the reviews here on TripAdvisor.Compared to the hotel we stayed at before the cruise (Vincci Condal Mar), this place was a vast improvement. Clean, modern, excellent location for sightseeing, and a very helpful and friendly staff.The rooms are huge, and very comfortable. The bath facilities in the rooms were also quite nice: twin sinks, very cool multi-headed showers, etc.The location is excellent. It's located midway between the Espanya and Poble Sec metro stations, with a 5-minute walk to either of them, through either a nice residential area or skirting the edge of Park Montjiuc and down the wide boulevard leading up to the spectacular National Art Museum of Catalonia.The staff was very helpful in providing maps, recommending routes to get particular places, and was very friendly. The only recommendation of theirs I wouldn't follow again was visiting Poble Espanyol -- NOT WORTH THE ADMISSION PRICE!It was a great jumping off point to visit Park Guell, Park Montjiuc itself, and the Olympic Stadium. I'd highly recommend coming home at night so that you arrive at the Espanyol station shortly before the half hour, so you can see the Font Magica show as you walk back up the boulevard to the hotel. Amazing, and great way to end the day.Early the next morning, it was a very short cab-ride to the airport, so great from that perspective as well.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>johnscott
<Content>Great value, quiet and clean ! Stayed here in July with my 11 year old son, found it nice and quiet, but also close to Olympic park. Situated close to the convention ctr, but on the back side feels very neighborhoody. Hotel staff friendly, nice little bar, and the buffet breakfast was outstanding. The rooms were very clean, unlike the Barcelona Sants where I stayed the following month. The sub way was a couple of blocks where you can hit all parts of town, or take cab for 5 bucks to the La Rambla area. Strongly recomended for a reasonable stay, but still close to everything.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>offtosee
<Content>Nice hotel Our room was large enough for three adult travelers. It was immaculately clean and had nice decor. The staff was extremely helpful and were able to assist us with whatever was needed.  The buffet breakfast which was included in our package had a good selection of hot and cold options including a variety of fresh juices and pastries. The only drawbacks to our room were the sewage smell that came from the toilet/bidet area, and the shampoo/bodygel that the hotel provided. ( A trip to El Corte Ingles provided opportunity to get some more hair friendly shampoo. There were two showers in the bathroom, one of which had powerful jets shooting out from the walls (Great massage!)  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vicmerson
<Content>Well worth staying at this hotel As I used this service as a basis for choosing this hotel, I only thought it fair to leave some feedback. I was not disappointed. Stayed there for four nights and could only grumble at two things - the smell of the drains (which seems to be part of Barcelona) and the fact that the room was not attended to on one day.On the plus side, the rooms are large and airy with excellent blackout curtains for a good nights sleep, the air-con worked a treat in 30 degree C temperatures, the swimming pool is very nice and the staff are most attentive.It is situated close to Placa de Espanya which is 3 stops on the excellent Metro system to La Rambla and served by the direct Airbus to El Prat Airport (a 15-20 minute ride costs 3.60 Euros) yet it is far enough away from the centre to escape the noise and pollution. It is also a short walk from Parc Montjuic, the Olympic Stadium and the Magic Fountains.It is a quality hotel - don't be afraid to book there.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly  Fira Palace is within walking distance of everything, close to the magic fountains, Spanish Village  old town areas. We walked everywhere  rarely took a taxi, which by the way most of the time stated that their A/C was broken. We had a suite it was spacious, with a large living room TV in both bedroom  living room. Our bathroom had a separate shower cubicle, and another containing toilet  bidet, twin wash basins.Breakfast buffet was excellent with hot and cold choices, fresh fruit and freshly squeezed orange juice. I specially loved the salmon  鈥渏amon Serrano鈥?Friendly  at the same time a professional atmosphere, very helpful personnel. Housekeeping always did an excellent job, not only with the room but also with our laundry. I called the bar a few times to have the same chocolate desert, to be served in our room at 10:30pm. My husband, son  I enjoyed our stay  would surely go back if the opportunity becomes available again. They were even more helpful when I had an accident 1/2 a block from the Hotel, this was on the last day of our stay, the Mgr. rushed to see what he could do to help  went looking for my husband who was attending a business seminar in one of the conference rooms, had a taxi waiting for him to go to meet me  pick up our son at the hospital. At 10:30pm when I got back I had a delicious dinner, along with desert served in our suite.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent, comfortable stay... Staying for 4 nights in late May, my girlfriend and I found the Fira to be an excellent hotel to complement our visit to Barcelona, for a moderate price.Rather than rant on, I'll list the most important points you'll no doubt want to read!* Location - Adequate. Certainly not central, but it is in a safe area and within easy reach of everywhere you want to go in Barcelona. It is right next to the Fountains at Montjuic, which was breathtaking at night, especially having explored the city by day. I would say the only reason for staying closer would be if you *hate* any kind of walking or if you are elderly or have a disability. Public transport is so close, you can get anywhere you like within 20 minutes. The beach is around 25 minutes' walk away. The airport is a 20 minute taxi ride.* Staff - Reasonable. While they will not exactly fall over themselves to help you (and some seem to take their time), they still meet expected standards. Always a pleasant 'hello' to greet you, which was a nice touch.* Cleanliness - Excellent. Always clean, tidy and well presented, although the legendary 'Spanish drain' smell was there. Ah, you get used to it...after all, you're in Barcelona!* Price - Exceptional. Great value for money, especially when booked through the hotel's website. Will always upgrade when they can (which happened to us and 4 other couples we knew on the weekend)!* Rooms - Definitely some of the biggest I have stayed in. While they have the usual 4-Star feel (you know what I'm talking about), there just seems to be more of it. Bigger beds, more comfortable sofas, more furniture; the room was definitely not without. The 5th floor view over Barcelona was good; I'd advise you to ask for this.* Breakfast - Good. I really enjoyed the variety, having stayed at many far worse 4-Star hotels. Worth investing if you like eating, they usually serve until 10:30!***Overall: an excellent, clean hotel with a friendly relaxed atmosphere, you cannot help but feel that the Fira is slightly set apart from its other 4-Star peers. Recommended - 8/10.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PHeeley
<Content>Good choice in Barcelona Fira Palace is in a pleasant area adjacent to congress, the magic fountains and Spanish Village. The Metro station at Espanya is about 7 mins walk, and 4 stops to Old town areas. It caters for a mix of business clients, airline crews and freetimers.Hotel has large public areas and good size bedrooms with marble bathrooms. Our bathroom, in a standard room, had a seperate shower cubicle, and another containing toilet and bidet. Twin wash basins.Decor of good quality, though nearing time for refurbishment/ update.Breakfast buffet was very good with hot and cold choices, and genuine freshly squeezed orange juice.All in all a good choice and we would go again.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Palancio
<Content>Barcelona Fantastic Fira good too! Stayed here for 4 nights at a rate of 122 Euros, which included breakfast and 1 evening meal. The hotel is located about 3 minutes walk from Espanya metro station, which is only 1 stop from sants for connections with the airport.The room was very nice, clean, triple glazed, 2 large beds and a large marble bathroom (2 sinks and separate shower/wc cubicle)Breakfast buffet was just average, had a choice of smoked salmon, hams or a cooked breakfast.The leisure facilities were ok, a clean pool a bit small but deep enough.Overall a very enjoyable stay in Barcelona and I would be happy to stay again at this hotel.  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for business There on business for 3 nights, found the staff friendly and accomodating, however I arrived there at about 10:30pm only to be wrongly advised that the room service had finished for the night, but that meant that I went out of the hotel to find somewhere to eat, only to discover the fantastic dancing fountains, thank you the hotel staff.Other than the wrong advice I found the hotel brilliant, with excellent dining and conference facilities, and bar that will stay open all night....hick...As for location, the hotel isn't in the best part of the city, but the city is only a 5 - 10 min walk, which was very refreshing to do after spending the day in conference.  
<Date>May 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid at all costs!! Stayed at this hotel for a short duration, nice enough from the outside, with a pleasant reception area.During my 2nd full day there, I was accused of stealing from another guest.The hotel staff had received a delivery from a courier but could not tell me when/where this had occured as they do not have a policy whereby deliveries are signed for, and they subsequently invented a story whereby it was claimed that the item had been delivered to my room, even though it clearly had not.Returning to my room, it became clear that the hotel staff had provided the other guest with my room number, as the room had been trashed by the said guest. My door had been kicked from it's hinges, my personal belongs had been thrown around the room, and several items stolen from the room. The hotel staff state that they saw and heard nothing, to which I replied I'm just glad that there wasn't a lone female in the room, the consequences could have been far worse.Since returning to the UK, I have tried unsuccessfully to close the matter. My emails to them are generally ignored, and they only ever make contact saying they've had problems with their computer systems. Please take my advice: AVOID STAYING AT THIS HOTEL AT ALL COSTS!!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An excellent holiday but some draw backs to the hotel Just returned back from a five night stay on 27/04/05. The weather was better than expected and getting warmer by the day. I almost nearly hired a car for the freedom to travel around Barcelona, but trust me you wont need it. Barcelona has an excellent public transport system, an underground similar to London but with air-conditioned trains. Taxis are easy to get hold of and reasonably cheap, buses are also quick and easy. i purchased a 5 day travel card which allows you access to both metro and buses. Driving in Barcelona is organised chaos.The hotel was overall impressive, large sized rooms, ellegantly decorated and furnished throughout. The bathroom was also spacious but accommodated a foul smell protruding from the sink drainage, to reduce this ensure to use the sink plugs at all times when sinks not in use. The smell of sewer drainage is common around Barcelona and goes unnoticed by locals, so it is pointless complaining about it.House keeping as hardworking as they are were a little too helpfull, each time i returned in the evening i found the room spotlessly clean but also my personal items re-arranged and packed away, everything from shoes to bus tickets and toileteries, leaving me the eery feeling my mother had been around - very annoying.The rooms are sound-proofed by what seems like cardboard, noises from the room next door could be heard loudly and each morning i would be woken up by a tremendous thud against my headboard- i later discovered this was house keeping next door re-arranging the bed. To avoid this try and be up before the neighbours so they get the wake up call instead of you.The food was average but priced way above, i would reconmend local restaraunts away from the tourist areas such as La Rambla.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Fira Stayed here on 26/03/05 - what a room! Living/T.V. room; desk/lounge area; balcony with table  chairs; slide doors to bedroom (big double-bed); bathroom area with shower room and bathroom with shower  toilet; 2 sets of bathrobes  slippers. Quality room which was actually the cheapest of my euro trip which involved 4 hotels in 6 nights! The area is lovely (beside the Royal Palace) and a little quieter. It is convenient to the metro line and taxis appear to reasonable.However, I originally booked the hotel as we were flying from Paris to Barcelona with Ryanair  its direct bus from Girona Airport landed behind the hotel BUT since my booking the bus stop is now situated at Gare du Nord which is a lot further away (but easily accessible by metro or taxi).The other downside was that a smell was present from the toilet (not us!)  it was not flushing properly. We alerted the reception desk who did not appear to do anything about the dodgy toilet system. We were lucky we experienced the sweet smell of success with the rest of the room. Still 5 stars.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>American-n-Germany
<Content>Nice Hotel We actually booked this hotel prior to getting on the plane. The hotel is really nice and the front desk very friendly and helpful. We stayed three nights and had a great time. The rooms are fairly spacious and the breakfast was great however lunch and dinner was not that good (only ate lunch and dinner there once). Not a lot to do right around the hotel but a short walk up the street (five minute or so) you can catch a city tour bus and there is a metro station. Since I enjoyed my stay at the Fira Palace, I would recommend it if you were visiting Barcelona.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>REALLY BAD SERVICE IN BARCELONA Fira Palace Hotel in Barcelona, right next to the city鈥檚 big conference centre. The building鈥檚 fine and elegant, but the staff have no idea. After lugging in a heavy case past the blank stare of the 鈥減orter鈥? the next task was to interrupt the check-in staff鈥檚 conversation after three attempts. That evening, after waiting nearly 15 minutes for restaurant staff to offer a drink or to take an order, the walk-out was greeted with surprise. Across the city, I鈥檝e also stayed at the Hilton which was top-notch, possibly because it has international standards and a well-known commitment to training.The local papers were full of worry about declining tourist figures. The rise in numbers for countries like Egypt and Dubai, homes of amazing service, should be sounding the warning bell. On the city鈥檚 seafront is a statue of Christopher Columbus pointing out to sea, probably in the direction conference and holiday business is going!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2004
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No disappointments here October 18-21 2004How nice to be pleasantly surprised when entering your hotel room for the first time. Loads of space for the three of us. Great bathroom with all the extras, and wow that shower was exhiliarating. Good double glazing cut out the noise from outside, but soundproofing not so good from the room next door. A very good deal from Hotelclub but check out the hotels own site for special promotions-it was cheaper! Swimming pool and gym were great to unwind after a long day in the city, but watch the wet floor tiles, they are slippery. Location is great for Montjuic area, magic fountains, Olympic village, Exhibition site and National Art Museum, but quite a trek to city centre. Food in hotel at five star prices. Good cafe opposite for cheaper breakfast if you want to enjoy the local scene. Could have done with complimentary tea  coffee tray in the room. Get this hotel at a last minute price and you won't be disappointed by the comfort and quality, but if you want a lively atmosphere with less travelling look in the Las Ramblas area. A good buy is the three day travel ticket for buses, metro, train and funicular railway.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>elemental
<Content>Great retreat! We just returned from a 9 day trip to Spain where we spent the first 4 nights at the Hotel Fira Palace, Barcelona. This hotel was ideal for us (3 lady travelers) as the room we shared was very large with plenty of closet space and a large bathroom. The location is out of the hustle and bustle, but within close proximity of transportation. Stay away from the breakfast, although good, very expensive. There are several little places within walking distance that offer a good Spainish breakfast at much more reasonalbe prices. Walk to Plaza de Espana and catch the Bus Touristico for a grand adventure! We enjoyed our stay and would recommend this hotel to our friends.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>djoSurrey_uk
<Content>Great value  Just returned from staying at the excellent Fira Palace hotel for a few days after staying in a villa for a week. Before choosing a hotel it was a concern about staying in a family room in a forgien hotel as previously our experience was that the family rooms were simply a normal room with a couple of temporary beds squeezed in - therefore making your room resemble one big bed space with no room to move - nightmare!!Take it from us the family rooms here were the best we have stayed in and were MASSIVE. The bathrooms had both a bath and seperate shower (handy for multi tasking with small children). This place is a must for those staying with a couple of young kids and not wanting seperate rooms. The hotel facilities were excellent, with excellent A/C and thee was no noise to disturbe us (again this was a concern).Although the pool was closed on the Sunday...On the Monday we were in the pool but you do need bathing caps which were supplied by a bloke from the gym (upstairs) for free.I took advise from this site to ditch the hire car and travel around by taxi (again v cheap compared to London/SE)..I wouldn't fancy driving around Barcelona..its insane...Overall highly reccommended and we will be staying again...FANTASTIC  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mahler
<Content>Luxury in the Suburbs Parents and a 12-year-old from Oxfordshire, UK, for 5 nights in mid-August. The great advantage about being a couple of miles out of the town centre is the peace and quiet and the large, luxury rooms. Bus stops and the metro station are nearby so there is no problem in getting to places of interest and there are inexpensive passes for 2 to 5 days which cover all public transport. Five minutes walk away are the stupendous magical fountains which erupt into a sound and light display from 9pm Thursday-Sunday during summer. Staff were attentive and friendly and the air-conditioning was a highly-effective barrier against temperatures which reached 35C. Buffet breakfasts were standard international fare. The only downside was that the indoor pool is closed from 3pm Saturday to 9am Monday in the summer - an arrangement clearly made to suit the hotel management rather than the guests. Barcelona is a great city for a short break - with a side trip to Montserrat a must. This is an hour by rail from Espanya station (400 yards from the hotel). Take the cable car option (included with the train ticket) and then the St Joan funicular. A mile-long walk from there landed us in the midst of a spectacular mountain landscape.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bayard1music
<Content>Excellent Hotel Just returned from a five day stay with the family. August 2004. Had two adjacenet rooms. Very good in all respects, large rooms, air con. needed in these temperatures. Very good breakfasts. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Stevescott
<Content>Excellent choice My family and I have just returned from an excellent holiday spent partly at the Fira Palace and then in the Grand Melia down the road in Sitges. Both hotels were chosen after many hours researching this site and I am really glad I put the effort in.As has been mentioned before the Fira Palace is not the most centrally located hotel but it is handy for some locations e.g. the Montjuic fountain. It also benefits from being a bit quiter than some. We didn't eat in the hotel so I can't comment on the food but we did make use of the other facilites like the excellent free gym.The rooms are incredibly large, even the standard rooms have two queen size beds. The air conditioning worked like a dream which was just as well given the temperatures that we had whilst there. The room was cleaned and tidied spotlessly each day we were there. A clean set of sheets each day was bliss after a hot trudge around Barcelona! I didn't actually see inside a superior room but they must have been pretty good to beat our standard rooms which cost just 鈧?6 per room per night booked directly thorugh the hotel's web site.A few quick words of warning on Barcelona itself; learn some Spanish before you go. Like most Brits my family isn't much good at foreign languages. We normally holiday on the Spanish islands where the British, along with the Germans dominate. This means that Engish is widely spoken by taxi drivers, waiters etc. This isn't true in Barcelona! In a way this was also a plus for me as it was nice to see where Spaniards went on holiday. The other thing to watch out for is La Rambla. Walking down the street was an interesting experience and reminded me of home during the festival. However, beware the rip off cafes/restatuarants. We were stung at one place for 鈧?0 for 2 cokes, a beer and half a bottle of wine. They also wanted us to pay over 鈧?1 each for the worst looking pizzas you could ever imagine. Fortunately we sent them back without paying for them. I can't remeber its name, but the moral of this tale, is if it is easy to get a table then you probably don't want it.Fortunately this isolated experience did not spoil the holiday and we will be back again soon, probaly in the Fira Palace.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dave_evans
<Content>excellent professionally run hotel Exceptionally comfortable spacious rooms with quality fittings. Excellent sound proofing. Effective air conditioning. Spotlessly clean. Professional, helpful staff. Do Not Disturb door label always respected.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Positives  Location: Good for Poble Espanya, Palace weekend fountain display  Fira Exhibition Halls. 10 min walk to metro station connecting to Rambla or 40 min walk. Hotel much quieter than staying in central area. Hotel Facilities: Large bedroom but bathroom suffers with 'spanish drain' smell. Small charge for using Safe. Good buffet breakfast. Overall: too far away from centre for a 1 or 2 night stay but good for longer stay - much quieter than the average BCN hotel! Best use would be for attending the exhibition halls.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>doc4converse
<Content>Great Location If you are willing to spend the extra money, this is the place to stay. We stayed here one-night prior to starting our week-long cruise. It was worth it after the long-flight from the US. Taxi's are always available. There are bell-hops/bell-boys to help carry your luggage to your room, and the breakfast buffet was delicious. The location was also perfect with nearby places to explore and nice little restuarants and cafes to enjoy.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow, well worth the money   showReview(2171407, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location. Huge rooms.   showReview(2132841, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Couldn't find a better hotel   showReview(2131985, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous hotel and superb location!!!!   showReview(1786582, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location to explore from   showReview(1741882, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for a family   showReview(1702416, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>testerooni
<Content>Comfortable, convenient - great base for exploring Barcelona   showReview(1545710, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this place   showReview(1507774, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DeanoFromLeeds
<Content>Highly recommended   showReview(1223264, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2003
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dofter
<Content>Quiet    showReview(854589, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>銉椼儍銉併偆
<Content>銇婇儴灞嬨亴搴冦亜銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(21331128, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>aeroplanino
<Content>鏈濋銇岀刀鍝侊紒   showReview(21161084, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>durchwachsen   showReview(19630932, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A proximit茅 de la place d'Espagne bien situ茅 pour visiter barcelone   showReview(19630930, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>j'y retourne demain   showReview(19630929, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un po' fuori mano   showReview(19630927, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo per una vacanza a Barcellona   showReview(19630926, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Unser Bestes Hotel in Spanien   showReview(19630925, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>l'un des meilleurs de barcelone   showReview(19630924, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(19630928, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Plutot deux ou trois que quatre 茅toiles   showReview(18526813, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima qualit脿, ottimo anche il prezzo   showReview(18526812, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PPPotamoCantabria
<Content>隆隆隆 Han renovado Todo !!!   showReview(18173204, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ROSADELVALLE
<Content>Amplia habitaci贸n cu谩druple   showReview(17989788, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel confortable bien qu'un peu vieillot   showReview(18526811, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellemment bien plac茅, hot锚l de qualit茅, chambre immense   showReview(17437976, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>decisamente positivo   showReview(16593168, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>si nous retournons 脿 barcelone, nous choisirons le m锚me hotel   showReview(16593167, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo hotel   showReview(16593166, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ideale Lage und ruhiges Hotel   showReview(16593165, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bien mais pour la cat茅gorie des petites choses 脿 revoir   showReview(16593154, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Je le recommande   showReview(16593153, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un abergo stupendo   showReview(16593150, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres bon hotel   showReview(16593151, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>1semaine a Barcelone   showReview(16593152, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon mais peut mieux faire   showReview(15567553, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mchnp006
<Content>Fira Palace gerne wieder   showReview(15397201, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gro脽e Zimmer   showReview(15567554, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>auparacing
<Content>me encanto el fira palace   showReview(14977468, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(15567552, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel un peu trop excentr茅   showReview(14733313, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr茅s satisfait   showReview(14733315, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A conseiller   showReview(14733314, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Notre r茅servation 茅tait pour...   showReview(13189278, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gutes Hotel in guter Lage, aber WLAN hat im Zimmer nicht funktioniert   showReview(13192327, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel molto accogliente   showReview(13192317, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel fira palace銇仈鍫卞憡   showReview(19167804, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo Hotel   showReview(13192329, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(13192325, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Davidvillereau
<Content>bel hotel   showReview(12491180, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(13192319, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>fira palace barcelone   showReview(13192318, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel favoloso   showReview(13192316, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel 脿 recommander   showReview(13192315, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Confortable et bien situ茅   showReview(11307369, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>excellent rapport qualit茅-prix   showReview(11307367, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>la colazione dovrebbe essere inclusa   showReview(11307366, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bonnes prestations...   showReview(11411751, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Giudizio complessivo: eccellente!   showReview(11307365, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent rapport qualit茅-prix   showReview(11660255, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Durchaus wieder   showReview(11660256, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>pececilla
<Content>Bien situado y equipado   showReview(10044337, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder !   showReview(14733312, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous avons pass茅 3 nuits au...   showReview(12649985, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ThierryLyon
<Content>Superbe hotel   showReview(8492388, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel eccezionale.   showReview(11439400, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>婧€瓒抽枔閬曘亜銇仐   showReview(19163034, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pour le confort   showReview(11439376, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo hotel in bellissima zona   showReview(11439374, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent hotel, 脿 d茅couvrir   showReview(11493691, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un mot : parfait :)   showReview(11432194, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un peu d茅莽u pr un 4 茅toiles mais int茅ressant   showReview(11409379, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nstes Hotel wo ich jemals war   showReview(11409378, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Perfetto. Camere spaziose e...   showReview(11411752, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel Fira Palace vuol dire cortese disponibilit脿, spazi vivibili, finiture eleganti.   showReview(11374734, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ruhige Lage, beste Ausstattung   showReview(11338690, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Struttura di gran pregio con...   showReview(11411753, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Da fuori l'aspetto non rende...   showReview(13397861, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2003
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

