<Author>honestgerman
<Content>Stay away The hotel has a quite good location but is horribly dirty. We wanted to leave immediately but could not find alternative accomodation due to the New year Eve period.Stay away and choose a better hotel.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	1	3	

<Author>ChicagoBlu
<Content>The worst hotel in South Beach Clearly, this was the worst hotel in South Beach. You can easily find a different hotel at the same price so don't bother with San Juan. Awful smell, dirty carpets, plastic chairs in front of the hotel, and not so great location. Yes, it is right across from Delano but it just makes it worse. After all, it is like a few good blocks from Ocean Dr. There was some kind of stove in our room but it was covered with aluminium foil and we didn't dare to use it. However, we appreciated the fact that there was refrigator. The swimming pool is dangerous, there are living species so do not disturb them. The whole place is falling apart, starting from the lobby to the broken bathroom door in our room. I went to South Beach in December 2008 and the hotel looked even worse. No, I didn't stay at San Juan but wanted to look at this place and that assured me that this is the worst hotel in the area.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	2	1	

<Author>pete707
<Content>Disappointing When i arrived at the hotel, the guy at the front desk was dead asleep,i coughed a few times and he slowly came around.. I should have taken the hint that this place wasn't the best. The room was pretty average, the carpet was alittle worn out and had seen it's best days many years ago, there was no air conditioning in any of the rooms which made the stay very uncomfortable. Our view from the window was of a horrible run down building site, then again i wasn't in Miami to look out of the window. If you have a car expect to pay $20 a day parking .The good thing about the hotel is it's location, shops, restaurants and the beach is only a few minutes away. The San Juan did have the most gorgeous smelling elevator i have ever been in but in the end if you are on a very tight budget and not to bothered about the state of the room then this place should be okay but if your not on a tight budget then give The San Juan a miss.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	1	3	-1	

<Author>pattersonann
<Content>Great location, low price, but .... The San Juan hotel is very dated and extremely basic but very clean. The hotel is across the street from the ocean and very close to everything that you will want to do and see. You can't beat the location. If you are looking for a fancy room then go somewhere else as the rooms here are sparse with a bed, tv, microwave  fridge. No coffee in the room nor in the hotel. Front desk staff friendly. Parking expensive. If you do not spend much time in your room and you are out most of the time, then this will serve as a place to rest your head and take a shower. You just can't beat the price!!!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	5	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>hope2332
<Content>You get what you pay for Before booking this hotel, I read almost all of the other reviews. So I pretty much knew what I was getting into. I expected the worse and fortunately it wasn't as bad as I thought it was.Don't get me wrong, this hotel is old and is not fancy and nice like the surrounding ones but if you are trying to find some place close to all the action but at an affordable rate, then this is a good spot.I think that I got lucky with the room that my husband and I stayed in. It was a corner room facing the street. I believe that this room was a lot bigger then the other rooms and maybe has had recent cosmetic updates to it. There was no mildew in the rest room but the bath tub did have stains in it. I did have a refrigerator with a microwave, which was unexpected. The room did not have an old dirty smell like I thought it would and the sheets looked clean and new. But I did bring my own bed sheets and I wore flip flops the entire time. And it is true that they do not change your sheets while you are there but that was ok with me because I don鈥檛 like when people are in my room while I am not there. If you are the type that gets disgusted a little more easily then most, you don't need to stay here. We stayed July 26th to July 28th. I truly believe that they could have rooms there that are not a good but some rooms are ok.One thing that I wanted to tell all the ladies. Although this spot is in a really good location, you still have to walk a couple of blocks to get to the beginning of the strip. Please keep in mind that the strip is about 6 blocks long, so if you are trying to be cute with the heels on, you might want to bring some flip flops that can easily fit into a small purse. Also, we rented a scooter, which was good for going to the end of the strip and back but I was always concerned about my hair messing up while on the scooter. So if you want to try to stay in the middle of the action, you might want to try some where between 8th and 12th street. But this place is on block from Walgreens, Package Store, Rainbow (clothing store) and right around the corner from a McDonalds and a Subway and a 24 hour food place.The front desk clerk, was really nice and friendly and had great customer service skills. The lobby is very neat and I found it pleasant to sit outside in the chairs and watch people walk by.If I could afford the other hotels I would stay at the other hotels but if I was budgeting, I would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>thefirstlady2008
<Content>Hated the San Juan San Juan was a horrible experience for me. I was in south beach from July 28-August 1 2008 During this time i had so many problems. 1. They did not change our sheets for two days and we had to ask about changing the sheets. There reply was that they only change sheets if they are dirty. We told them that we wanted our sheets changed everyday. 2. There were spiders in the room we had to ask them to spray or do something about the spiders. (if there had been another hotel that we could have gone to we would have. everything was booked. 3. They control the air and in the middle of the night if gets HOT because the air is not on. we had to call a number of times to tell them to turn the air back on. 4. The bathroom is disgusting and the towel too. we had to keep asking for more towels. some of the towels had stains in them and just didn't look clean at all. 4. The electricity went off and was off for about 5 hours during the evening time. we were trying to go to the room and rest up to get back out that night. 5. There is no parking at any of the hotels unless pay 27.00 a day. 6. everybody at the front desk tells you something different and when you go to the desk after shift change they have no idea of what you are talking about. I had a real nice time in south beach and would go again, but would have to have a better hotel.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>aaronbond
<Content>Great location but... First of all this hotel is in an excellent location. In the heart of South Beach, 2 minute walk from the beach, near all of shops, bars, restaurants. The majority of hotels in this area are quite expensive, so for the price, the location is ideal. It also must be noted that the staff were very friendly and always happy to help.Because of the price, I wasn't expecting much, however, the hotel was pretty run down and didn't feel too clean. Most of the doors had marks on them, and the bathroom needed a complete overhaul.I understand you get what you paid for, but on this trip to the States I stayed in similarly priced hotels elsewhere and the standard was much higher.If I go to Miami again, I'd probably try to look around elsewhere and make the San Juan my last resort.Also, be aware that this hotel has no car park. Instead they offer a valet service for $25 per night.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	4	3	2	

<Author>brugesgae
<Content>You get what you pay for on this Location Accross for the delano and Ritz hotels and Lincon ave behind the corner, the beach accros the street, your sit in one of the better places in SB, for a very cheap price.The hotel is old en not very fancy, but it has a bed in it and room to put our suitcases.We were there during Memorial day and I think we were the only white people in the hotel. one of the geusts even made the remark : there's whites in here, they must be crazy. ...We were put in the first room next to the reception, (I wonder why that was) The room was  clean  but with a small window view of a roof with arco on it, there was not very much to see. The other guests were loud, but that was because of the holiday, the last night when everything quiet down it was OK to sleep.The hotel staff is very helpfull and nice. All in all it was a nice stay in a great location. for that money.And that is All i can say about the Hotel.Would not go back, but then I would not go back to Miami either. There are much nicer places in Florida to stay.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Voyager85
<Content>You get what you pay for!!! My friends and I booked this hotel back in June, for our Memorial Weekend trip! When we arrived the lady behind the counter gave us a room key. When we arrived to our room it was already occupied with other guest! Secondly, they only change the bed sheets every third day of a stay(which is disgusting) my friends and I had to keep requesting fresh sheets EVERYDAY. Mind you our stay was from May 24-May 30th. The cleaning lady was attitudinal for what reason I have no idea. There is a hug gap under the door so a HUGE HUGE HUGE COCKAROACH or waterbug water that thing was crawled into our ROOOOM!!! The only thing that is OKAY about this hotel is the location. The pool is ok that's about it. So as I said, you get what you pay for. It's a cheap hotel so if your gonna crash for a night FINE but that second night and so fourth....GOODLUCK!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	1	2	1	

<Author>BarbieAM
<Content>Opt for a more expensive option - otherwise you will regret it Stayed here on a Saturday night after having driven down from Cape Canaveral. We wondered up and down Ocean Drive til late as we could not bear the thought of going back to there for just 1 night. There are several things I have to say about this hotel:-1) No parking facilities - told to park the car in the muncipal car park behind which was ran by guys smoking something not tobacco and cost $20 to park til 6am - was then charged a further $10 to get out in the morning. Did not feel safe at all.2) Full of loud undesirables who found it fun to yell at 4am in the morning and crash against the door to the room when they came back. This is not to mention the clientele who sat drunkenly in the reception and on the plastic chairs outside and who ogled you as you enter the buliding.3) DIRTY - chose to rather sleep in clothes on top of the bed - was subsequently freezing all night as could not turn off a/c - no remote or controls anywhere to it.4) Bugs crawling around the bathroom and shower was akin to a metal hose spouting water at you.5) Carpet cut by what looked like a blunt pair of scissors and just left on top of tiles which was a hazard as it was so easy to get your foot stuck under the gap which was left.Do not be fooled by the pictures on its website and also do not think that the pool is suitable for lounging around by and swimming - it is more like a foot spa which was full of people smoking by the side of it.The only positive things I have to say about this hotel is that the staff upon check-in and departure were very pleasant and the location is excellent for Ocean Drive.Next time, however, I would happily pay more than double what we did for this hotel and stay somewhere decent. Possibly the worst hotel I have ever stayed in.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	4	-1	-1	

<Author>MakeupI
<Content>Reasonably priced, excellent location This was one of the cheapest hotels in the prime section of South Beach. Great location, 3 min walk to beach, right by Lincoln Avenue for shopping / restuarants and directly opposite fancy hotels like Delano and Sagamore for their lovely bars.The room was good size with kitchenette facilities. Bathroom adequate (good water pressure and temp in shower). Plenty of storage space in the room and there was a safe which is a welcome addition. They also deliver a free copy of Miami Herald each day.There is a pool which is a good size and deep and was lovely to take a morning dip, although there isn't much lounging space around the pool. Downsides, the TV had 3 English channels  1 Spanish channel and not great reception, there wasn't a 'do not disturb' hanger for the door so had to fend off the housekeepers on one occasion when lying in after a big night out. Also on my penultimate day, someone opened the door to our room and then rang later as they had no record of anyone staying in our room. I had been there for 5 days already at this point so pretty strange. Also on that day housekeeping didn't sort out our room.Overall excellent value, South Beach is expensive but this hotel was very reasonably priced and I was happy with the room and my stay there, we stayed for a week.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Lauren5488
<Content>Don't Be Scared!       Pool!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	5	2	

<Author>cookiekhanh
<Content>Great for Budget Partiers I booked this hotel for its location for the WMC in Miami this past week. The price was unbeatable for prime location in south beach 1 block from the beach and near the other hotels hosting big parties. I booked through skoosh.com who were HORRIBLE - worst customer service ever, do not use them!- but the San Juan was able to accomodate us in the end after much scrambling.We were traveling with a party of 7 mid 20s singles and booked 2 rooms. The rooms are very spare, but clean enough with 2 beds, tv, fridge, and clean bathroom. Definitely not super nice, but perfect if you plan to use to room to clean up and pass out from time to time.The service at the hotel was courteous and helpful. No complaints.it IS loud..but i'm not there to sleep, so i didn't really care. lots of friendly people.Wifi was easy to get and cost us $25 for access for 4 days. The front porch is a great hangout for catching some breeze and doing some people watching. Nearby (walking dist) you will find a liquor store, sushi rest., burger king, Walgreens, cvs. very convenient. I would definitley recommend this place for people looking to party in south beach. if you are looking for a luxury hotel and quiet peaceful times in your room..this is not for you.all in all, enjoyed my stay and was satisfied with the san juan.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	5	2	3	4	3	

<Author>02canadians
<Content>Great deal! After reading some of the reviews about the lower priced South Beach hotels, we decided on this one. We couldn't be happier! The location is excellent, and you're surrounded by luxury hotels at triple the price. No, the rooms were not spectacular by any means, but the staff were always friendly and we had no problem with check-in/out. The beach was across the street and Lincoln road was just around the corner. We weren't planning on spending much time in our room anyway, so this suited us just fine. There was no noise in the hallways at night and we all got a good sleep...to ANYONE that is on a budget, but wants to stay in South Beach, this is a great place for you!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelLover2008
<Content>Just think about! There are some thing you have to think about If you want to stay at a hotel like this. It's not easy to find a hotel in Miami Beach if you don't have to much money to spend. San Juan on a good location. Very close to the beach and to the famous lincoln road. The bathroom looked just* dirty but was ok. The shower is not the best to wash long hair or to shave your legs, but anyway it's ok if you don't expect to much. It was very cold in the room because of the a.c. we had to call someone from the hotel, because you are not able to change the temperatur in your own room. Someone came and put some adhestive tape in front of the airing. there is no parking lot! you have to find a parking by yourself or you can pay 25 dollar for a day. The staff was not very friendly like we know the people in the usa and all in all we payed to much for what we got!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	3	2	3	

<Author>movieman72
<Content>The San Juan Hotel in South Beach The first time I stayed at the San Juan Hotel was in 2005. I chose this hotel because the price was affordable and the hotels in this area are much more expensive. I found the staff to be courteous and they provided excellent customer service. All of my needs were met. I found the room cold and was unable to control my own air conditioning. Maintenance was kind enough to cover the vent in my room so that my room would not be so cold. I stayed in another hotel in the area in 2006 and realized that I prefer the San Juan. The San Juan also has a beautiful swimming pool. Last year, I returned with my daughter who loved it here as much as I do. Renovations had been done to many of the rooms and they were even nicer then I had previously remembered. The rooms are kept clean and what I also like is that there is a fridge and a microwave so that I could make my own meals in my room. There was also a table and chairs. This year once again I went back to the San Juan and had the pleasure of having a most pleasant conversation with the owner and manager. I told her that I think that she is a very good judge of character as she has always hired staff who are attentive to the needs of their customers. They provide excellent customer service and are always kind and most helpful. I can only say positive things about this hotel as all of my experiences here have been wonderful. Each and every staff member employed here has excellent customer service skills. They know how to handle any situation with kindness and humor. Miriam Corcos  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>blahblahblah2
<Content>Not for Families The pictures on Expedia and the San Juan web site looked very appealing: deco and very South Beach - perfect for our Spring Break with 10  12 year old children. When we arrived there were some sketchy types hanging around outside and the front desk was ambivalent to our arrival. The room was very dirty and noisy. The beds uncomfortable and poorly made up. The bathroom was disgusting. The San Juan is really only suitable as a flop house, and yet not flop house cheap. We had planned to stay additional nights but canceled at the desk the next morning. They seemed to understand/had heard it before and we were only charged for the single night.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PaulLori
<Content>The Old San Juan The hotel is an older Art Deco property. The rooms are average for the era of this hotel. The room was clean but sparse with economy furniture and furnishings. The cooler worked and the staff was friendly and helpful. They have an excellent pool and guest laundry. Parking is not close but that's the case with all public parking in SoBe. You can't beat the location across from the Delano and Ritz Carlton but a price of 10% of their room costs. If you are looking for luxury or beach front locations pass this one. If you are looking for economy this is the place.Lori and Paul  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hotdog647
<Content>Think Carefully Be sure you know exactly what you're getting into at this hotel. Our party of 4 arrived and even from the street the clientele sitting on the porch looked shady. The lobby seemed better, but after seeing the rooms we decided that any other alternative would be better. The desk clerk said not to worry, they could rent the room out. We were charged for the night anyway because of their 48hour cancellation policy. Read all the reviews carefully, and get the hotel's cancellation policy in writing, not on the phone. True the hotel is probably one of the cheapest in Miami Beach, but it's only for the most hardy travellers on a strict budget.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>kung_fu_chick
<Content>A pleasant stay... My girlfriend and I booked this hotel because it was the cheapest in the area ($69/night). After reading so many horrible reviews, we were apprehensive but decided to take the chance anyway because we simply could not afford to stay anywhere else. To our surprise, the hotel was much better than we anticipated. The location was great - 1 block to beach, 1 block to Lincoln Rd mall and close to everything else in South Beach. They recently renovated the lobby. It was colorful and clean. The staffs were very friendly. Our room was big enough to sleep 4 adults. The beds were clean. They even have microwave and refrigerator. The bathroom was also clean. Everything was old, but well kept. The only complain is the noise. The walls were super thin that you can hear everything around you from people whispering to traffic. Other than that, I have nothing bad to say. I would stay here again if I were to go back to Miami.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	5	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Sil01
<Content>Perfect location I stayed recently at the San Juan Hotel for 10 nights. I was pretty anxious because of the reviews I read here, but everything ended up being OK.The San Juan Hotel has great, perfect location in Collins Avenue. Everthing is close: Shopping, beach, transportation. The room was OK, I never saw a bug and the microwave and fridge were very convenient.I guess the hotel has made some improvements, because I never saw dirtiness, bugs or other issues/complaints I read before.It麓s not a 5 star hotel, but for the money, the perfect location and the fact that we only used it at night, I found it perfect.Special recognition to the staff: The guys at the front desk, specially Claudio and the one that checked us in.I would definitely recommend the San Juan Hotel to someone looking for a decent, clean, cheap and greatly located hotel!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Wokky_99
<Content>Solid performance for a budget hotel I was nervous after reading the reviews on the San Juan, but only wanted a cheap hotel near the beach for one night before returning to the West Coast. The taxi driver from the airport knew where to go (and my husband and I were delighted it is a flat $32 cab fare from the airport to Miami Beach - so no worries for either party about costs or directions).I need not have feared. The man who checked us in (and out the next day) was really friendly and helpful and gave us a lot of local knowledge on good coffee/where to get digital photos burned to CD etc. (I have been places where staff cannot provide this basic information)We arrived at 8am, even though check-in wasn't until 2pm. We were able to store our bags in the storage room (and when we picked them up, he took our baggage tags to fetch the luggage himself, rather than letting us wander in and pick up anything - so we were happy with that) and came back at 2 pm as stipulated to check in. The room was clean, and the hotel is obviously undergoing renovation. The lobby looks great, the corridors were clean and the pool was out of action as they were repairing it. Our room was on the third floor at the front of the hotel and had a clean queen bed. The bathroom was dingy, but clean, and we had 4 towels between the two of us. We thought we were on the beach, but indeed the hotel is one street back. It is also quite a hike to the main part of Ocean Drive, but was easy to manage in about 20 minutes.For one night, we were close enough to see 'Miami Beach' and stay somewhere solid, clean and cheap. After all - for $64 a night, we were perfectly happy!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>elaine609
<Content>Good for 21 year old...not 29 year old The positive is first: You are within one block from a liquer store, burger king, and cvs so you can save some money, which is good if you are on a budget (which you must be if you are looking into the san juan) The hotel IS NOT on the beach but is about a block away. There is also a pizza place that delivers and has FABULOUS food! The bad and the ugly: I walked into the room to find a bucket as our garbage can. We went to cvs to buy clorox wipes to clean the bathroom. We had to ask for new towels after the second day (each day!!!) And you think that the hotel is in the heart of south beach (ITS NOT) we went to Mansion, Wet Willies, and to dinner the first night and walked about a mile! (took a cab home) The heart of South Beach with all of the resteraunts on the strip is too far to walk to. Spend $100 more on a hotel to be closer to the action. Word of advice: If you want a cheap night and like hip hop music, there is a bar called Royal Bar not too far from the hotel and its $20.00 open bar. We found the Rose Bar across the street from San Juan to be classier, but of course you'll spend the $$$$$ there! Overall, you get what you pay for.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>Vivalasvacaciones
<Content>It's bad but oke for one night traveling After staying here for two nights we were happy to leave the hotel.If you are alone, or just 2 girls, you do not feel save. with us this was not the case, room: old, but clean,surroundings: perfectstaff: allright, helped us well with parking directionsfor one or two nights its okay aslonge as you are in company of a men, if not you dont feel safe in this hotel, if you are traveling trough it; s oke.but I will never stay here again in my life.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	3	2	1	

<Author>mcgordiany
<Content>There are MUCH better  First I ended up having to call the hotel to make the reservation, as their website was unable to finalize a reservation. When I arrived in front of the hotel, it was not at all what I saw in the pictures. Then once inside the hotel I found that this hotel has the worse customer service my husband and I have ever encountered. Though the Miami Beach area was not part of our itinerary, we decided to book one night here so that we were closer to the hotel. During check in we were given the parking explanation, which consisted of our car being parked over 2 blocks away at a municipal parking lot by a valet driver 鈥?none of which could be held liable for any damages what so ever. The other parking alternative cost more than $30 (we were only there for one night) and that parking lot did not belong to the hotel either. The hotel itself was not much to say for, the place was very loud and it wreaked even in the lobby area and the rooms were no better. After checking in and going through two rooms by 6:00 p.m., we left the place and ended up having to find another hotel room for the night at our cost of course, as we were charged for the night.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>MrTravelCritic
<Content>Best Bang for Your Buck on South Beach The hotel is better than what you pay for. It's a budget property that could not be located better with a very friendly staff. I have stayed there several times over the past few years and the hotel has improved on every trip. Seems like they really take any criticisms to heart as the hotel is constantly rennovating.Hotel is kind of old but they do a good job of keeping it clean and comfortable. The staff is very friendly and will do everything they can to help you enjoy South Beach...  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hulahand
<Content>Unfortunately, it's TWO THUMBS DOWN. My company shacked me up in this hotel, and I was very nervous after reading some of the reviews. Here's my take on it.Cons: EVERYTHING about this hotel is old. The room was clean, but all the furnishings looked old and broke down like you would expect to see at the Salvation Army. I did see one baby roach, and that tells me there are thousands more in the building. There was a 5 inch gap under main door, and that made me feel uncomfortable. The bathroom door couldn't close all the way, and the toilet looked like something you would see in a public restroom. Overall, the worst part of the hotel was that the walls are paper thin. I had to listen to the couple next door get there groove on after Midnight every night.Pros: The hotel is extremely cheap in price. It is ideally located next to the beach. The beach is located behind the hotels across the street. It is also located next to much of the night life that Miami has to offer.Overall, I would be ashamed to vacation with my significant other at this hotel. I believe this location would be ideal for me if I was a college student, low on funds, and didn't plan on staying in the room much except to sleep. Unfortunately, my college days are over and I am older now and at a point where comfort and luxury is a must.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	5	2	2	2	1	

<Author>meribon
<Content>Fine By Me I was a bit worried by the reviews, but staying at this hotel was perfectly fine. The staff were very friendly, the room was clean and the location was pretty close to the beach - a 5 minute walk. If you're looking for an affordable place to stay so you can spend all your money on Ocean Drive then this is the place to stay!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>divaheart06
<Content>Not a single problem Its pretty bad when someone has one horrible experience because then the review becomes so biased. This hotel was absolutely fine. There were no roaches, no leaks in the bathroom, nor were there any problems with our beds. They were completely comfortable. I would recommend the San Juan for young travelers who are looking for a nice place to sleep, shower, and get ready to head out on the town. The pool was not as bad as some of the reviews made it seem. The beach is across the street and you are in walking distance to just about everything in South Beach. And don't keep yourself isolated to South Beach hop on the S or the C bus and take a trip to downtown Miami where you can have lunch or go on a cruise and sightsee Millionaire's Row. Bands play regularly there and there are also many places to shop. All in all Miami was a wonderful trip and I truly feel bad for those who had such negative reviews. I was really scared when I decided to book this hotel because of what people were saying. Luckily my friend and I went to check it out for ourselves and I am happy we did because we definitely weren't disappointed. If you have a family or you're traveling with your significant other I suggest you stay directly across the street in one of the five star hotels.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>superchila
<Content>So HORRIBLE we couldn't even stay!!! After looking forward to a nice time in Miami Beach and traveling 4 hours with two small children and a family of 7 we were beyond HORRIFIED to see the disaster that is the San Juan Hotel. It is NOTHING like the pictures or the hotel description. It was around midnight when we arrived and asked to see the room, the front desk person was extremely rude and did not want to show us the room. When we entered the room the matress was up against the wall, the boxspring on the floor and a broken-down washing machine like thing in a dark corner. No sheets, No towels, NO DECENCY. Not only that but even though it was advertised as a double occupancy there was only one ancient scary mattress against the wall. Literally not even on the box spring. It was just horrible. There are really no words to describe the awful surroundings. I was scared and horrified at this place. We quickly took the key back and at midnight had to find a new, safe place for my family to stay. BEWARE this is not a good place to be EVER.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>DoloresD
<Content>OK for the price       room  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>specialschnitzel
<Content>Not bad after all The San Juan actually grew on us over five days. I scoured the reviews and decided that the negative reviews of this one weren't worse than negative reviews elsewhere (especially for the money). With that in mind we didn't go in with high expectations and wound up having a great time. It's not exactly a honeymoon haven, but it was great for three women on a budget ($80/night). The major con is that the bathroom wasn't that clean when we checked in, nor did it proceed to sparkle even after tipping housekeeping daily. It could have been a lot worse, but a few mysterious hairs here and there make you wonder when it was last scrubbed down. Also, the water pressure was weak--manageable, but noticeably weak. The pool is kind of a waste of space, but who goes to South Beach to sit at a hotel pool?Other than that, it was perfect for what we were looking for: a cheap place to crash in a convenient location. The beds were comfortable enough. The room itself wasn't huge but big enough to spread out, and the mini-fridge was a big help. It was nice to relax on the porch with a beer and people watch between the beach and the bars. The staff was pleasant. We never felt unsafe, completely grossed out, or otherwise uncomfortable. I would definitely recommend the San Juan to budget travelers in need of a decent place to crash, and we would definitely return next time.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	5	2	3	3	3	

<Author>jazzjunkysue
<Content>Bring your own bathroom cleanser and scrub brush: We did. Yuck! We went to the drug store and bought the cleanser and rubber gloves and scrubbed the bathroom clean. After that, the only real problem we had was the exposed flourescent light on the ceiling. I have to admit that the first room we tried had terrible beds but the second was good. Ask for room 308: Nice beds, and the bathroom's clean, now! The carpet in that room was newer than the first, too. The pool is pretty sad but it would keep a little kid happy if they didn't like the ocean. And if you're into refridgerators and keeping food and drinks in your room, they all have that. Some even have mini kitchens, great with little kids. Keeps you out of the expensive restaurants. Feed the kids in the room and then buy them french fries and ice cream at the restaurant.So, if you want a room for under $100 that's close enough to be your beach bathroom, go for it. In that part of town (17th on Collins) there aren't any public beach bathrooms, so, it matters. The big fancy hotels on the beach will most definitely not allow you in to relieve yourself, so, this room gives you a nice, close personal potty. But don't be surprised if the town drunk is perched on the front porch, asleep. There's no one watching the outside, even though it's on a busy part of Collins. A few blocks south is a great deli and a great restaurant called Grillfish. Fab.I'll go back and spring for a better room next time. It was beautiful!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jane30584
<Content>It is ok one, check pics       Bathroom  
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sandeep9585
<Content>Ok. lil place small, needs remodeling. Kinda clean. u get what u paid for.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Scots_jen
<Content>Clean beds, great location. What more do you want? A party of 8 of us stayed at the San Juan over New Years. I was a little apprehensive after reading some of the reviews (among the group were my parents), but I must say that the San Juan is a fine place to base yourself if you want to explore South Beach and not pay $300 for a room. Here are some of the positives:1) Location, location, location. SJ is on Collins Ave (A1A/Ocean Dr.), 1/2 block from Lincoln Ave., and 1 block from the beach. You don't get much more central for the price2) Friendly staff. They might not speak impecable English, but they are friendly and helpful. It seems to be a fairly small staff and it feels as if they know each other quite well. Think Fawlty Towers...3) Cleanliness. Some people have complained about dirty beds. Perhaps the hotel took the complaints to heart. When we stayed there, the mattresses seemed to be brand-new and the sheets and towels were impecably clean. There are some negatives, but they're mostly the result of the hotel class. Budget means budget. You don't get much for $100-$150 in South Beach. Yes, the tvs are old (what are you doing watching tv anyway?), the plumbing is old (lukewarm showers are the norm) and every room seems to have an alley view. These are not rooms to hang out in. If you want that, pay the $300 to stay at the Nationale across the road and stop whining!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	4	4	1	

<Author>md001
<Content>Great value for the money Nothing fancy, but clean and comfortable, and a great deal during Thanksgiving week for about $50 a night. One block from the beach, close to public parking ($8 for 24 hrs) and polite service. The $2 a day safe charge, not included in the quoted rate but applicable whether or not you use the safe, is annoying. Why not just include it in the hotel price? But I would highly recommend this hotel for someone looking for a cheap, decent place to stay in South Beach. Also close to Lincoln Street Mall and many restaurants.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Kilgorie
<Content>Where do I begin First let me begin by saying I don't book hotels that are high end because I plan to spend as little time as possible in them when I'm on vacation. That being this place was below even my standards. Two words immediately spring to mind as I write this squalor and delapidated. Let's start with the postives;1. Location-It's right on Collins Ave across from The Delano (yet a world away in terms of quality). It's also a quick block from the beach.2. Price-We got 4 nights stay plus a nice rental car for a cheap price.3. 2 bars fridges in the room.4. A decent pool.Now the negatives;1. The only colours on the colour T.V. were green and pink.2. The remote control for the T.V. didn't work.3. Water pressure was very low in the shower.4. Lots of blacks spots in the tub where the enamel had been chipped away.5. Our beautiful view of an alleyway.It was so bad that I couldn't fall asleep on our first night because I was afraid that I would awake to bugs on my bed (Thankfully the sheets were clean and the linen was changed every day.)I told my friend if I couldn't handle 4 nights in the San Juan I would pack my bags, walk across the street and pay $400 for a room in The Delano.Sorry but I can't recommend this place.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>Jesse2337
<Content>Not that bad... A group of us (eight total) returned from Miami last night where we stayed at the San Juan Hotel on A1A. We weren't expecting much after having read all of the horrible reviews about blood and bugs all over the place. In fact, I brought my own sheets and pillowcases and never even used their beddings! My friends, on the other hand did. We had a total of three rooms and had no problems with any of them!Let me get the cons out of the way first: The rooms were not elegant at all. The carpet in the hallway was filthy and there were a few stains on the carpet in just one of the rooms. The rooms are pretty small and contain 19 TV's that have only about 12 channels. The bathrooms are dated and the sink is very small. The water pressure in my shower was so great that it almost took the skin off of you, while my buddie's water pressure was not much more than a drip. Those are all pretty feeble complaints but I thought I'd throw them in. Here are the pros: The bedding was clean and I DIDN'T SEE A SINGLE BUG IN THE FOUR DAYS I WAS THERE. There are decent sized refridgerators in each room that work great. The A/C was cold and there were even ranges in the room to cook on (we didn't use them). The front desk staff were always curteous and more than helpful. Javier, the night clerk, arranged to have a few of my friends picked up in a limo for free (obviously he gets a kick back from the expensive restaurant that the limo takes you to). The only way the location could be better is if you paid an extra $200 a night to stay ON the beach across the street. It took about two minutes to walk to the beach and we were surrounded by excellent clubs, places to eat, and shops. If you are a younger couple or a group of friends looking to explore South Beach and aren't too concerned with the amenities of a hotel, there is not a better option in all of Miami. I'll probably try to get something a little swankier when I go back with my wife, but my friends and I all agreed that if we do another trip to South Beach with just the guys, we're going to stay at the San Juan again.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	5	1	

<Author>22Pearls
<Content>Spending a little more money won't hurt, BUT THE BED BUGS WILL! OK so I'm a broke college student, who loves Miami! I stayed in San Juan hotel 2 times. One during spring break and the other during Memorial Day weekend. (1st experience ok, 2nd experience horrible) The first time I stayed yeah it was old but we didn't stay in the room unless we slept. Yes the carpets have dirt stains in the hallways and the elevator is small but you have on shoes and you can take the stairs. The location is great and the price is even better if you want to be where the action is.So like I stated above my first stay at San Juan was decent. So I stayed there again Memorial Day weekend. Everything was the same nice customer service (Especially from German and Jorge) but this time we had a problem! In room 215 in the mattress near the window HAD BED BUGS!!! My friend slept in the bed for 2 days before noticing, once she discovered BITES ON HER BODY we immediately told the manager. The manger directed us to the owner and she pretended not to be in the office and when we insisted we call her, the employees gave us the run around. However as you know during Memorial Weekend there are no vacancies in South Beach. So we couldn't go to another hotel. Eventually they gave us half of our money back and a new room! But we still weren't happy but I know we will never go back there again!!!!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>2	3	1	5	1	4	2	-1	

<Author>raskan
<Content>what a (---) hole!!!!!! I went to stay there during the Winter Music conference with my buddy. We paid over $210 per night. Now... if I spend that amount of money per night, I have high expectations. Maybe I'm used to San Francisco, LA and Vegas where you get a top quality clean room for this price. WHAT A DUMP THE SAN JUAN HOTEL IS.The carpets were dirty and moldy. When I sat on my bed, a roach crawled on my leg. I couldnt sleep good cause I was scared a roach would crawl in my mouth. The sink and fridge were totally disgusting. The TV was something that was from the 60's. I would never stay here again. This place is not fit for death row inmates.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelreviewer023
<Content>Do not stay at this hotel! We were supposed to stay at this hotel on a recent trip to South Beach. Fortunately, some family got there a couple of days ahead of us and called to warn us about this hotel. After hearing what they had to say about the hotel, we immediately booked another hotel the day before our trip (Doubletree Surfcomber....see review). Family still stayed in the San Juan and we spent some time there. It was horrible. Roaches in the rooms, holes in the sheets, stains on the bed, falling apart. I will say the location is good--right across the street from 4 and 5 star hotels and the beach. If this hotel was dirt cheap and you don't mind filth, it might be worth it, but it is not that cheap. We stayed in the Doubletree (an excellent hotel) for only $20 more than what family paid to stay in the San Juan. I would say if you are on a budget and looking for an inexpensive hotel, do some research...you can find reasonably priced hotels at a much higher quality than the San Juan. Do not settle for this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>planetstomper
<Content>Rock Bottom       Mouldy bath tiles and trickle from tap  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disgusting! This hotel looks nothing like it does from the picture or the description! It is located near the beach but it looks like a crack house for the homeless. The rooms were very dirty and there was blood stains on the bed sheets. When we asked the front desk for new sheets they completely disregarded us. There was no maid or anyone to come and change the sheets, nor did anyone apologize for the mess. The sheets we got in return also had stains on them. Each room looks like it is rented out by the hour! I HIGHLY RECCOMEND NO ONE CONSIDERS STAYING AT THIS HOTEL UNLESS THEY WANT TO LIVE IN DIRT DURING THEIR VACATION!Obviously i was not expected a 5 star hotel but it could have at least been a 1. It is a very shady hotel. If anyone is thinking about taking a trip to Miami Beach, stay on the beach front side of Collins AVE....Your health should not be supplemented for cheapness  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What you paid for. Its a good cheap spring break hotel. Leaves you with money to spend on you drinks and is decently clean. Just make sure you get to the ice machine early. Sometimes our safe worked so well it locked us out but the staff was helpful with that. If you are just looking for somewhere to get a few hours of sleep after going out at night and before you head to the beach for the sun, its worth it. Not as close to the beach and clubs as other hotels but still close enough.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>san juan terrific hotel this hotel was great the negative feedback must have been by people wanting a 5 star hotel at 1 star pricemy wife and I stayed a month and plan to stay there again next yearthe hotel was as pictured, very close to the beach,staff were very friendly, the room was clean, bedding changed each day, the bathroom and tiolet spotless, plenty of towels, everything was fine, sure things were not new, but if you want the Hilton stay at the HiltonI would say if you planning to holiday in Miami avoid March when the collage 'yobs' invade South Beach in there hundreds, although the beach is free as they only party at night. a Cornish man with Russian wifewe are pla  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A deal if your expectations are not 4-5 star! If you want to be pampered stay elsewere. For a decent no frills place it's fine. The staff was friendly and helpfull.The location for the cost can't be beat.I would avoid Spring break peak time.The Cuban resturant next door is excellent!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay here at your own risk My boyfriend and I stayed at the San Juan the weekend of Feb.24th. We are party goers. We came to South Beach to party. The San Juan just wont do, first of all we took the elevator to the 3rd floor, which was an elevator from a horror movie. The hallways are very dim. Then we opened the door to our room there was a portable fan in the room so the first thing that comes to mind is there is an AC problem. Sure enough thats the case. A PORTABLE FAN! :) But overall the sheets were clean the bathroom was a little dirty. The microwave was nice. We are party goers that didn't spend alot time in the room but I will not stay here again. I'll spend the money for a nicer room next time.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>happywonderer10
<Content>very unclean we arrived the week of feb.12,2006.Te rooms were very small and very dirty. for the 4 days we were there the hotel staff never cleaned the room or the bathroom. The cup that held the toothpaste was never cleaned the carpet was never vacummed. I actuallsaw an Irish couple that had complained to me about the filth of their room comin out of their room with a broom and dust pan in their hand. I mean my wife wanted to leave the moment nwe arrived.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Probably wouldn't recommend it We stayed here during a two week road trip of South Florida, thank god we were only there two nights. Pluses first - it is very central, it is only a minutes walk to Lincoln Road Mall, which is really nice with outdoor cafes and some funky little bars, and around a 5-10 minute walk to Ocean Drive, which is awesome fun. We stayed a thursday and friday night, and recommend Friday night on Ocean Drive, it was so busy!!Bad points about the hotel - it is in need of renovation, the swimming pool was dirty and smelly, there were gaps under the door so you could hear EVERYONE coming in at whatever time of night. All the rooms were smoking rooms, and we're not, we didn't dare walk in the bathroom in bare feet, we had showers in our flip flops!!! I wouldn't recommend this to anyone other than someone who purely wants a cheap, centrally located hotel, we paid around $60 per night, which was very cheap for South Beach.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>qsuzicue
<Content>cheap lodging with some problems At the price, we weren't expecting to be overwhelmed. The lobby was fun, the clerk was not. He was a bit gruff to us and the couple in front of us. Then another guest came down to ask about the AC, but the clerk didn't help her out. I didn't understand what her fuss was, but when we got to the room (decently clean, average furnishings) I saw what the problem was: the AC is centrally located in the hotel with no thermostat in the rooms. So our room (with windows closed) had been blasted with AC for hours and was as cold as the arctic. The only way to get around this was to open the windows. Which looked out onto a parking lot where people were tailgating and playing their stereos loudly. So sleeping was difficult. Especially since the room was cold and the bed didn't have enough bedding for arctic temperatures. We knew that calling the guy at the front desk wouldn't resolve the problem. We checked out the next morning. Since we really wanted to have a hotel in South Beach just for sleeping purposes, the San Juan didn't seem like it could fulfill that function.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's All South Beach The San Juan is the working man/woman's South Beach Resort! I read the reviews after the reservation and knew it couldn't be that bad. It was great if you know what you're getting compared to across the street! You get what you pay for and this place is a real deal. We came for the Miami Boat Show and it was great!! The hotel and rooms are old, but onging maintenance is evident. The bedding and bathroom facilities were clean and well stocked. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The best part is the location on A1A! You will never have a better place to watch 'South Beach'. It's all there. The Cuban restaurant next door has great coffee and food at really good prices.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location Ok everyone is being really harsh. Ok its not classy and its old and run down. Personally i have been to south beach so many times and stayed in so many hotels and to be honest I am going back to the San Juan again this year in march. Depending on what ur looking for, if its just a room to shower and sleep then the San Juan is for you. If ur looking for a romantic getway...go somewhere else. Party people who would rather spend more money shopping, dinners on Lincon and entertainment...stay here! not bad at all!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware Of The Dirt       KID SIZED TV.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PennsylvaniaBee
<Content>not as bad as all that I just spent a night here and it's not as bad as people are making it out to be. It's not the newest or the fanciest, but it IS clean. The service was speedy and my room was fine. I had a fridge, microwave ironing board, and television. Clean sheets, clean towels, etc. I didn't see any bugs. And it's just one block back from the beach. I'd stay again in a heartbeat. For less than $60 a night, you can't beat it.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our third time at the San Juan My boyfriend and I have stayed at the San Juan two years in a row and are headed back there this spring. The staff was very accomadating! The sheets are clean. The rooms are old, run down, but clean. Fridge, Safe, Microwave are bonuses... TV didn't work great but I wasn't there to watch TV. I didn't see any roaches. Ok, so I am not rich...I am a poor Law Student who needs to get away from the Minnesota Winters. Now, don't get me wrong here I don't recommend this place to any one who has been spoiled by nice hotels. I guess we could walk 30 feet across the street and stay at the Delano with P.Diddy and all the celebs for $665.00 per night. Hmm... 92.00 for a comfortable bed, clean sheets, 1 block from the beach and all it's amenities, close to clubs, shopping, restaurants, bars. Yes, you get what you pay for and I am sure we could get a nicer place with similar pricing if we went north a couple miles but for now the San Juan is just fine. We are going again this spring the whole trip is under $1,000 for two people for 5 nights! If you are looking for nice  cheap go to Vegas not South Beach!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>it looked like a run down motel not hotel ac didnt work, room pic that i saw was nothing like the real room. roaches everywhere, not hot water only cold, view was a wall! to expensive for that crap! not not stay there if u care about ur health, it was so dirty n service was terrible! i had to check out eairly because it was real bad. do not stay there ever!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply.Terrible When you first look at the lobby of the hotel, you think its just another art deco hotel in miami that is decent. But when you walk into the hallway and into the rooms, you know you have been mistaken.The rooms are terrible, have nothing that is original. The carpets are dirty and have stains, the shower has no pressure, the paint is coming off the walls, the bed sheets are yellow and dirty, the bathroom door doesnt close, the closet is dirty, the bed was broken and leaned one day, and the list goes on an on.I strongly urge no one to go to this hotel and even though I havent been to every hotel on miami beach, I imagine that there must be something better.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I only have one word... I only have one word to describe this hotel: Nasty, nasty, nasty! I checked in at 11pm when my flight arrived to Miami...and checked out at 7am the next moring because of all the nastyness. I decided to find a better (i.e., clean and quiet) hotel down the street.BTW, you have no control of the air conditionor in the room. It's up to the managment how cold (or in my case, how HOT) the room will be.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>badboy4england
<Content>Nice Outside Not so nice in !!!       Our room 2 !!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>2	4	1	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Repulsive When we first walked into the hotel, it didn't look that bad. We walked into our room and felt a wave of hot air, there was a fan on but it didn't do too much. After calling the front desk, we were told the air conditioning was on and it wasn't working too well. The room looked like it has not been cleaned or updated in about 20 years. The bathroom was dirty and one morning when we woke up, we saw a few roaches in there. The only thing about this hotel that was positive was the man at the front desk during the late night shift. He was very nice and accomodating and didn't charge us the money for the in-room safe b/c of all of the problems the hotel had. I would NOT recommend this hotel to anyone! The location was good but nothing about the hotel was.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Dee082
<Content>Death Trap! The San Juan Hotel is a death trap. This hotel really is as bad as the reviews say it is on this website. We weren鈥檛 expecting red carpets or anything as it is a 2* hotel and after reading the reviews on this website we were prepared as we only wanted to sleep and shower there but this place doesn鈥檛 even deserve 1 star. When we arrived the lift wasn鈥檛 working and even if it was working I don鈥檛 think I would have used it because it is very old, dingy and looks like it will probably get stuck any moment. So after lugging our suitcases up an old, seedy, narrow and dirty concrete staircase we found that the bathroom door in the room didn鈥檛 close let alone lock and we had a cooker in the room which had dirty food dried over it. The rooms are small, dingy and not very well kept at all. To be fair though, the bed linen and towels were clean. The shower is a joke, it鈥檚 like a trickle of water (no force at all) and you only get hot water after it has been left running for 10 mins. The bathroom and sink looked like they hadn鈥檛 been cleaned in a century and the towels were tiny and felt like sand paper..SERIOUSLY and very thin, my dish cloths are thicker than the San Juan towels. As the bathroom door didn鈥檛 close, we were moved to another room at the back of the hotel which had a massive motor (Im guessing it鈥檚 the A/C) buzzing very loudly outside and when we went in the room the bathroom taps were running brown water..we moved several times and found the best room they could offer us had a safe that didn鈥檛 work (in fact the safe only worked in 1 of the rooms we were shown).The hotel is in a great location but the facilities are dreadful. The cleaner forgot to clean our room one day and one of the receptionists doesn't speak English. The swimming pool looked like a pool of filth, disease and infection, however, there is no need for it as the beach is only 3 mins away. I would recommend anyone who wants to feel safe in their hotel and have a decent shower go to another hotel because you do not get the basics here. South Beach is a great place to go, the beach is fabulous, the bars/clubs are really kicking and the people are very friendly..the San Juan is the worse thing about Miami..dont let this place ruin your holiday!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DCVAMD
<Content>San Juan (-) lobby smells horrible.moldy bathroom.a/c vent doesn't have any climate control.vent is also dusty  broken handle to adjust flowelevator was broken.pieces of ceiling falling apart.carpet on floor ripping off.trash/gum in sink.walk across carpet  your feet turn black.towels were paper-thin (although I brought my own  didn't dare touch them)didn't even attempt going to the pool.we checked out of the hotel 2 days early b/c we got really sick...thanks to the cold, dusty air that was blowing out of the vent.This place is the worst! Only go there if you want to get sick and leave your vacation early!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Cabriokitty
<Content>And I qoute "the lobby smelled like ----"... LOL... just read the reviews... it's ALL true!! I am not a picky person, but come on... this place is just outright NASTY!!! Loved South Beach/ Miami Beach so much that after checking out of our timeshare we decided to stay two extra nights closer to the action... who would have thought the action would be discovering odd stains on the carpet and pubic hairs on the sheets of your bed! We wore shower sandels in the bathtub and relaxed in front of the no-cable tv and cooled off with the room fan that was missing the front metal gaurd, fully exposing the blades. (The only form of air-conditioning besides opening the windows)... hope your cell phone has an alarm clock since they obviously weren't in the SJ's budget... oh and the decor was lovely, the chief designer must have been a blind person with real sense for textures... there is valet parking for $15 dollars a day, and hope that when you get your car back it's in one piece and with no parking tickets (more horror stories on yahoo's website)... we booked this hotel through orbitz and could not get a refund, hopefully others will not make the same mistake!!! Will post pictures soon.......  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay here only if you can't afford better I purchased reservations at the San Juan Hotel before reading the reviews. It was important for me to have more money to spend in SoBe rather than blowing it on a hotel. In addition, the San Juan is walking distance to the beach, it's on popular collins avenue and a block over to Lincoln and Ocean Drive. It is the best location on SoBe. So I figured how bad could the hotel be.Well when I walked into the hotel, I was apalled that the lobby looked nothing like the photo on the website. In addition, the lobby smelled like mildew. They only have one elevator and it is tiny. It can only fit about five people and it makes scary sounds and abrupt stops. When we got to our floor the damp smell diminished. We opened the door and the room was old but clean. Lighting was horrible. It was so bad that we opened the windows even though we were butt naked getting dressed. There was no alarm clock, the television did not work well. I was pleasantly surprised because linen was clean and towels were clean. The bathroom didn't look to inviting to me maybe because it was old and small. Also the water pressure sucked and did not get very hot. Needless to say, shower pressure was horrible. The only reason I do not give this hotel a one star is because I did not see one bug and my linens were spotless. They also provided a fridge and a microwave which I was surprised they did. Put it this way, you get what you pay for. If you are not going to be in the room long then you may be able to handle this. I will not stay here again, nezt time I will allot a little more money to a hotel.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Grimey! First off when, I walked into the hotel it smelt like butt-ussy. I got up to the room we stayed in and was not pleased. The beds squeaked a lot and the mattresses had brown stains all over. My friend noticed there was no alarm clock, so she went down to the front desk and asked if they supply alarm clocks. She was told by the rude person working at the desk that there is a wal greens right across the street. The smoke detector was not even functioning. They had no cups in the hotel room, so we had to go down to the lobby and ask. We were given HOLIDAY INN CUPS! We all took showers with our slippers on because of the mildew. The towels felt like sand paper. The elevator sounded like a freight train. Everytime i heard it, I laughed. We were in Miami for 48 hours and probably spent a total of 7 hours in the hotel room. The hotel was grugerious however the price was worth it. It was a experience to remember, I recommend this hotel to anybody just b/c its like the show survivor.  
<Date>May 11, 2005
<Rating>1	4	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>MsLady
<Content>Not the best, but far from the worst I had booked my stay at the San Juan well before I read the user reviews on this website. Once I read them I was horrified. I looked all over the web and made several phone calls to try to find another hotel for the week that I was to be in South Beach. Nothing was available because of the business of the city at that time. Feeling like I was doomed to stay in a damp, dank, dungeon, I went ahead with my plans to stay at the hotel. Needless to say, I expected the worst. I have to say that I was relieved once I arrived. Yes, the lobby smelled a bit damp, but you're right across the street from the beach, for goodness sake! The room was rather small, but it was clean. The bathroom was clean, the sheets were clean-these were all of the things I was quite concerned about from reading the previous reviews. I even went went so far as to pack sheets, pillowcases, and towels! All for nothing. The hotel staff was MORE than accomodating. They tried (and often did) provide everything I requested. Don't think that you'll be walking into a palace: it is far from that. But for the price and the location, it was more than adequate.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than expected I spent 7 nights in San Juan Miami Beach. I expected to see bugs and blood so I was prepared for everything. I was happily surprised; room was clean, bathroom was clean, sheets were clean. No bugs, no blood. I slept perfectly well (ear blocks) and hit the beach bright and early. The only negative thing about my stay there was all these hundreds of screaming little girls who were having their spring break. No manners at all.. but what else can I expect from self-centered little idiots?  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disgusting!!! Do not stay at this dump! Very old and dirty. No staff and the bathrooms were full of mildew and no locks on the door!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disgusting I know this is an ECONO hotel but only stay here if you have no other option. The rooms are old, noisy, NO air conditioning. The place was unacceptable. I would stay away from here.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, unbeatable price I recently stayed at the San Juan Hotel with my two girlfriends and three small boys. The day staff was certainly neutral, but the night staff, Mr. Luis Prestan, was particularly accomodating and courteous. The room was clean, and even included a full-size fridge and microwave (absolutely great for traveling with small children!). The bathroom was clean as well. The location of this hotel is amazing. Located just diagonally from the Delano Hotel, it's a 2 minute walk to the beach. Just next door is a 24-hour restaurant with great cuban food. Two 24-hr pharmacies (CVS and Walgreen's) one block away (both with plenty of necessary items-milk, juices, munchies, Miami t-shirts/caps!...)Yes, the lobby can smell musty, but, hey...it's Miami.. A LOT OF HOTELS THERE SMELL LIKE THIS. And the elevator being broken for three days--NOT very nice when you're traveling with everything but your kitchen sink. Also, the towels were too small and too rough, bring your own...( I always travel with one!)Would I stay there again? While I'm still on a budget, and simply using the room to sleep and wash up after the beach...absolutely.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>They were real bold to charge for a hotel that smelled like MOLD I would proably not even stay there if it were free. Then again if it were free I might but I would really think about it. I boked this room for myself and two of my girlfriends and I was so embarassed. The first room was dirity. The second room was clean but they put three single females all the way in the cut near the air shaft, there was blood on the shower curtain. The floor was so dirity we put down sheets to walk on. All someone needs to do with this hotel is clean it and then it might be halfway decent. If you are hardly ever going to be in your room then this hotel is fine but it was one of my worst experiences and I've been traveling for the past 18 years. You get what you pay for.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Run away as fast as you can Don't even think about staying here. It was horrible. The place smelled, the front desk staff was rude, the elevator jerked when it stopped and didn't even open on one occasion, they charged me $2 a day for a safe in the room that I didn't even use, the door had 2 flimsy locks on it and only one of them worked, the paint was peeling and chipped, there were dead bugs in the shower and on top of it all, the box spring on the bed was broken. I would really not recommend staying in this place, it's not worth the price.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>DONT DO IT!! Your going on vacation, you should not feel like your staying in a prison! My freind and I were on a budget vacation and read the reviews of the San Juan hotel. We went in expecting the worst, and were determined to be o. k with it. We went into the lobby, which smelled and we were ok with the odor becasue we expected it. When we were finally able to check into our room, we were able to open the door without a key becasue the lock was broken The room looked like something out of a horror movie. It smelled, was dirty, and was scary.When we were trying to talk ourselves into not being afraid by saying we are only here to sleep, we realized we had no electricity. The front desk sent a little man to fix it. He found a way to turn the lights on, which then could not be turned off. The only good thing about the hotel was that when we demanded a full refund, the front desk did not put up a fight. While they refunded our money, I walked across the street and checked us into a fab. hotel. An hour later, we were drinking margaritas by the pool at the Delano and had forgot all about the horror of dirty San Juan. My advice: DONT DO IT!! THE DISCOUNT IS NOT WORTH IT!!  
<Date>Jan 13, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Warning: Roach Hotel doesn't even come close! This was the worst place ever. I checked in, took a shower, and checked out. We decided we would have a better chance of sleeping in the rental car... or sidewalk... or beach. All of them smell a LOT better, and are cleaner than this place. The owner didn't give us one penny in discount, and in fact, tried to charge an extra three bucks for the room safe, pointing to the sign on the counter. The carpet was at least thirty years old and appeared to have never been cleaned. My shoes actually stuck to it like when you spill koolaid on linoleum. The room was moldy, and the paint was peeling off the walls. The springs in the beds had actually put holes in the mattress due to being so old. We had thought about trying to sleep but given the filth, we shut off the lights, and immediately started thinking we shouldn't have the lights off to hopefully keep most of the roaches in hiding.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Watch out for the Bed Bugs When we first arrived at the hotel, we were a little startled by the 3 inch bug within the sheets of the bed. We pulled open the bed spread and there he was, it was so repulsive, I was scared to get in after that. The employees were so rude that we didnt even want them cleaning our room in fear of theft. Once we told the maid this, she was mean about giving us clean towels. The pool was dirty, the carpet had stains everywhere, the bed was uncomfortable, and the curtains smelled like smoke. This pretty much explains this hotel. Also watch out at checkout! You are going to be charged a $2 automatic everyday charge for a safe box located within the room. We didnt even know that there was a safe deposit box, it looked like a microwave sitting on the floor. When we were checking out they were like $2 for every night whether you use it or not. It was ridiculous how they bring up these extra fees as your leaving. In conclusion if you are looking for a hotel in South Beach that has a roof, then this is the hotel for you. However if you are a person who likes clean sheets and towels everyday then you need to look at the Ritz across the street. Thank you and Good Luck!  
<Date>Dec 17, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wouldn't let me worst enemy stay there   showReview(2495596, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Was OK   showReview(2478773, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Please avoid this "SHELTER"   showReview(2449390, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Believe me.. it's true   showReview(2268211, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 5, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One word: Gross   showReview(1880518, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>decent hotel   showReview(1721515, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay Away!   showReview(1659131, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Run as fast you you can from this rat trap!!!!   showReview(1554490, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WVTravelGirl
<Content>If you like nasty smelly hotels, stay here!   showReview(1101228, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible - Do not visit this hotel   showReview(914303, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 13, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mariateresa566
<Content>Nos gust贸. Volveremos   showReview(20181721, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Proche de la plage   showReview(19640237, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bien plac茅 mais vetuste   showReview(19640236, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buono per chi vuole soggiornare vicino ai punti di interesse spendendo poco   showReview(19640235, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Einfaches Hotel - zentrumsnah   showReview(18531875, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione OK - Prezzo contenuto   showReview(16596612, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hinterhofabsteige   showReview(15579114, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pour le Ritz/Carlton, traverser la rue.   showReview(15579113, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Horrible hotel, las...   showReview(16728821, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>economique mais le service propos茅 est en consequence   showReview(11334594, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

