<Author>osguru
<Content>Paris is perfect! We just returned from an 18 day trip through Europe. Spent two days in Firenze at the Paris Hotel. The hotel was in a perfect location in the city centre. Walking distance to the train station and all of the museums, churches, etc. Our room was on right on Via dei Banchi, so if we looked left we saw Piazza del Duomo and to the right was Piazza Santa Maria Novella. The staff was excellent and provided perfect recommendations. They were all so eager to help; Front desk, bell desk, maids, parking, breakfast staff....everyone. We were only there for two days but I think we managed to meet and enjoy service from everyone who worked there.This is an old world Tuscan building with history so rich you can feel it. The art throughout the hotel was very impressive and provided the perfect atmosphere, especially for those looking for classic Florence charm. I would definitely recommend this hotel to a friend, especially given the price/value ratio... a bargain.Three bits of Advice: 1) This hotel is located on a one-way street (heading toward SM Novella). If you drive, know your route to the hotel and park right in front. Let them park your car.2) This hotel, like most in Europe, have few power outlets. Ask the staff to borrow an extension cord if you have more than one device to charge at night, i.e. PDA, Phone, laptop, etc. 3) Let the staff handle your bags. Even though there is a lift, you have stairs and steps to navigate for some of the rooms and if you over pack like most people do, then you should take advantage of the great service and let the pros handle the bags.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>CarolynOntario
<Content>Disappointing While touring through Italy, we were told that we would love Florence. We did not love Florence and we believe that it was because of our hotel. Our room was not reaady on arrival, so we were asked to put our luggage in a room off the lobby. The room was open to everyone and anyone and accessible from the street. This hotel had a great location just down the street from the Duomo, however, it was dark, and had a grimy feel to it. It appeared old and in need of a makeover. Our room was quite large and the bathroom had been udpated and it was also large, but the windows are single pane glass and the street noise was constant all night long.We were happy that we only were booked in for one night. Our breakfast in the morning was only fair.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>testla
<Content>Ideal Hotel In Florence       The Paris Hotel from the street  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>holidaytrekker
<Content>OK hotel Stayed at this hotel in the beginning of September. If you are traveling with a car, this is a pain to get to. Hotel does not give you very good directions on the phone; especially since half of Florence is being renovated. Had to park at the train station and then walk to the hotel to find out how we could get the car to the hotel. (In person the front desk gives you good directions with the help of a city map.) View from our room was of the Duomo which was very nice. Until night fall came....Very noisy with traffic late into the night and picking up again well before sunrise. Could hear garbage collection, store gates being opened and closed and carabinieri/ambulances all night - - even though we were on the top floor. A/C worked well. Bathroom was very small. Bed in our room was horrible, needs to be replaced badly. The building has a lot of character to it but some areas (like the beds) need updating. Breakfast was ok; served in a very nice room. Front desk was very pleasant and helped us to book a tour to Siena and San Gimignano.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Galloglaigh
<Content>Second time around This is the second time we stayed at the Paris Hotel, the first time was five years ago.After a second look we'd say we like the location which is 5 minutes from the station and 5 minutes from the Domo, the central market and the main square. There is no restaurant or bar at the Paris as there are many better alternatives in the streets around. You get a big breakfast, large clean rooms and excellent service. The building is an old palazzo (merchants house) which has loads of character.It does have a downside though. Even with double glazing and air-con, Florence is all around you from the twice daily ringing of the church bells, to the over enthusiastic carabinieri roaring through the streets at full throttle, to the nightly bin collection outside. Luckily we were so tired from our full days in Florence we barely noticed.So if you want to be insulated from the real Florence outside try one of the business class hotels elsewhere but the Paris will always be one of our favourite hotels.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	1	

<Author>ShootingGirl
<Content>Elegant Booked through Venere.com. This hotel was the best stay of 4 different hotels. Great location - could walk to any of the highlights in Florence, including the street performers at night. Rooms were large and elegant. Beds a bit hard (though all of our hotels had hard beds). Good breakfast buffet. Expensive internet connection. Very friendly concierge. Restaurant across the street was pretty good too.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Ben33Australia
<Content>Paris Hotel - a true treasue in Florence! This is a real treasure. A 3 star hotel with relaxed elegance and great customer service attitude. Rooms are really large , and the whole place is well appointed. It is a great location as well as really reasonable rates.It made our stay in Florence a real pleasure.We moved there from Hotel Spagna which was a nightmare.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	3	5	3	3	

<Author>Nassa
<Content>Far from great       Nassa, Dublin  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	5	2	2	

<Author>tedafloat
<Content>loved this hotel loved this city booked this hotel through octopus it was 800 yrds from the central station where we were dropped off by the terravison bus from the airport the building had been an a 16th century house and had frescos on the dining room ceiling not flash or posh but nicely twee ! room was basic but clean and very comfortable some street noise with the window open but that was just part of the atmosphere . dont expect english breakfast !  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>SwanseaWalesBlondie
<Content>Nice Hotel, shame about the noise! I stayed at the Hotel Paris last September for a conference, and was so impressed decided to stay there again with my husband for an anniversary break. I booked a double superior room which was lovely, two huge comfortable beds, spotlessly clean, big bathroom and very friendly, helpfull staff, however, the room overlooked the road which became very busy from about 5.30 in the morning, the old windows were very beautiful but let in the street noise so not ideal for a lay-in, access to the hotel also proved to be a problem at times as there was structural work being carried out at the front with scaffolding on the pavement, we had to climb over the scaffolding once as a car was parked right in front of the hotel entrance totally blocking the way in, again not ideal for guests with a disability, or the older individual.I would recommend this hotel but advise you ask for a room away from the front of the building!  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FloortjeRotterdam
<Content>excellent choice We just returned from a long weekend in hotel Paris in Florence and are looking back at a great stay. This hotel was an excellent choice: the location is perfect, we walked to every sight. Authentic beautiful room with a lovely view. The bathroom could have been more spacious but all the amenities looked very new. The hotel staff could not have been more helpful with everything, and gave very good restaurant recommendations.Flora (Rotterdam, the Netherlands)  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>3crows
<Content>Huge Room        Sleeper Bed  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Frequent_Traveler6
<Content>Fabulous Service! My husband and I stayed here for a conference I attended. I was very impressed with the service we received. We had the unfortunate experience of having our luggage not arrive in Florence. Once we arrived at the hotel, we learned that the conference reservation actually started the next day!!! The hotel accommodated us for that day anyway at the conference rates. That evening they recommended a restaurant for dinner and assured us that our jeans and t-shirts were fine since our luggage had not arrived. The next morning we received a call from the front desk telling us that they had contacted the airport for us, our luggage had arrived and the hotel had sent someone to fetch our bags! I have never experienced service quite like that -- certainly not in the US!Our room was nice sized with a private bath. It was quiet despite the hotel being full. The complimentary breakfast each morning was very European with bread, cheese, fruit, etc. The hotel is a 5 - 15 minute walk to all the sites in Florence.I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DonnyMelbourne
<Content>Good Hotel Hotel Paris was in a great location close to the train station, you do not need to organise a transfer if you arrive by train and can read a road map. Our room was huge we were upstairs and away from everything it was great, this was the largest hotel room compared to others that we have stayed in.We found the staff very pleasant, breakfast was just ok.The only problem was the bed was really uncomfortable.Hotel was easy access to everything, the best way to take in this wonderful city is walk everywhere.The History, art and shopping is fantastic.We arrived on a Sunday which is not really a good day to arrive there was not really a lot open except for your designer stalls, also be aware that a lot of the museums are closed on mondays as well.Would return here but would ask to check out the bed first.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>pb05
<Content>Elegant for a resonable price My family and I have just returned from an overnight stay at this hotel. The staff were very helpful: offering dinner suggestions, arranging parking, helping with museum reservations and even free currency exchange. Both our rooms were airy and spacious and the bathrooms had several essentials included. The hotel is very close to the train station and a stone's throw from the Duomo. The thing that impressed me the most was the authenticity of the place. The frescoed vaulted ceilings, broad staircase, stain-glass windows, private terrace and winding hallways lent to the aire of being in a renaissance manor ... all nicely complemented by more modern amenities like an elevator, sparkling bathrooms and even glass stairs.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>brogmalog
<Content>Loved this hotel! I took my boyfriend on a romantic break to Florence for his birthday and chose to book the Paris Hotel after looking at the pictures on the website - amazing!We weren't disappointed in any way and really enjoyed the two nights we spent in Florence. The staff were incredibly friendly and in terms of the main sights, the location of the hotel couldn't be faulted.Having read some of the reviews on here, I was a bit worried our room would be the size of a shoebox but it was massive and had beautiful high ceilings and shutters - very romantic. I think maybe that was down to pot luck rather than anything else though as the hotel used to be a palazzo so no two rooms are the same.Other reviews have said the traffic noise from the surrounding streets was terrible and yes, it wasn't great but it was nowhere near loud enough to keep us awake. Besides, every city gets a bit noisy when it's waking up so you can't really complain. I would wholeheartedly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>STALLIONM
<Content>somewhere to rest your head A very good hotel in terms of location and i am not a person quick to pick fault, when it comes to a hotel all i want is a good location a clean room and an honest review prior to booking, however a single superior room in this hotel is a contradiction in terms.I spent four lovely days in florence but the room was a joke, my mother and i both had single superior rooms and we are both of slim athletic build but i was left with no option other than to purchase a shoe horn from reception to prize my mother out of her room to enable us to go out to dinner, the gap between the wall and the bed would have proven problematic for a worm to access and the general size of the room inspired the heading,it was somewherer to rest your head as long as you have a small head.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>AhToscana
<Content>Great Value We stayed 2 nights at the Paris Hotel. We had a large room with high ceiling. My mother had a very small but charming single room. The staff was extremely friendly. The breakfast was very nice  pretty typical, yogart, fruit, breads, cheese, salumi etc. It is a terrific location. You can hardly find a better location for the price. As far as the noise, Florence is a city and I expect to hear some noise. We have stayed at much more expensive hotels(3-4x price) and heard noise. I will be staying there again in November.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>glc74
<Content>good value and convenient location My husband and I stayed in the Paris Hotel for 2 nights. We would not hesitate to return there.While it is not a luxury accomodation, it is not priced like a luxury accomodation! Pros:The room was very clean, the bed was comfortable, breakfast was good (the breakfast room is absolutely gorgeous), and the hotel itself has a lot of charm. The location can't be beat. It's very close to the train station (an easy walk, even with luggage) and literally just down the street from the Duomo. This street did seem to have a lot of the cheaper hotels (it's certainly not the most attractive area in town), but Florence is so small that the area between there and the more expensive areas is less than 1/2 mile. Cons: As others have noted, the room was much smaller than the pictures on the website. It was small, even by Italian standards. It was the smallest room we stayed in during our trip (but also, this was the least expensive hotel we stayed in). The elevator was dodgy, and so was the internet connection.All in all, we enjoyed our stay. It was a clean comfortable room and we got a good night's sleep, which is what a hotel is for after all. We spent most of our time touring the city anyways. If you are looking for an affordable room with an authentic Italian feel, this is a good choice.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	3	3	2	

<Author>Gotravler
<Content>Great Location We stayed 3 nights at the Paris Hotel in Florence. It was close to the train station, which was a plus, and close to most museums, several churches and some great street vendor areas. The only problem was we were in a room where we had to go up a short glass staircase and my friend has a fear of heights and walking on clear floors that are high up. The price to use the internet was more than double other Italian hotels we stayed in. Breakfast was average. We had a roomy twin room and a nice size bathroom, so all in all, it was a nice hotel and I would stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>Jacey56
<Content>Loved Florence and hotel Middle aged couple.We have just returned from a weekend stay in Florence at the Paris Hotel. The staff were fantastic, very friendly and very polite always willing to help and go on the net to find out train times etc.The breakfasts were very good, lots of choice and all fresh.The only problem we had was that the room was smaller than we had been led to believe by the photos on the web site. Although we booked a standard double room it was only about a foot wider than the length of the bed which was right under the window so we couldn't have the internal window open as it came across the bed. The length of the room was only the width of the bed plus the width of a small wardrobe plus a little bit more. The standard double bedroom bedrooms look bigger on their photos. But with all that said we would use this hotel again and recommend it but advise all to check room sizes first.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mevaker
<Content>Good hotel but... Very good location from every point of view ! Good and abondant breakfast. But we feel very well the age of the hotel ! We expected rooms as shown in the pictures but got small rooms with broken floor, old and noisy beds (without canopy) and mini-bathrooms. The worst of all was that we put our documents in the safe in our room and found, later, that the safe had been opened during our absence... The staff explanation was that the safe batteries emptied (!!).Our advice - keep your documents and money in your pocket and not in your room safe!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>KatyaL
<Content>Beautiful hotel but beware of noise and smell Beautiful hotel with intriguing history. I found it noisy though, as the room we had was facing the noisy street and the old windows are not thick enough, so I could not really sleep at night. In addition to that, they use this system of disinfecting the bathroom facilities with ozone that goes through the ventilation system in the morning, smells absolutely horrible! Breakfast was nice and staff was friendly.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mailmark
<Content>Paris in Florence We have just returned from an excellent 8 day stay at this hotel.The staff are all exceptionally helpful and friendly and make you feel very welcome. They will happily recommend trips and restaurants for you and even book them if you wish.Our room was spacious, well maintained and even had its own original fresco on the high vaulted ceiling.The hotel is situated only a few minutes walk from all the main sights and only 5 minutes walk from the railway station.The only drawback we found was that it had no bar of its own but being in the location it is this was not a real issue.I would recommend this hotel to anyone for a friendly and relaxing visit to Florence.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>globetrekker01
<Content>Pretty good for the location The lobby was nice and the people at the desk were great. Upon entering our triple room we were surprised and confused. It was two tiny levels with a twin bed and bathroom on the first level with an old tiny metal ladder stair that took up half the room. On the top level a double bed and armoire were crammed in a loft like second floor. After travelling all over Europe I was accustomed to small rooms but this was insanely small. I could have made it work but the room was supposed to have air conditioning but it was not working. The bed on the second level was unbearable even at night (it was June). I looked at the emergeny exit floor plan (always good to see the size of your room versus the rest of the hotel) and saw that we were in the smallest room on the floor. The front desk was very nice about it when we asked to be moved to a larger room. We went out sightseeing and when we came back our bags were moved for us into a much larger (one level) room. The air didn't really work in that room either but it was cooler than the two level room. The breakfast was the best breakfast we had in all of our stay in Italy! (salami,cheese,yogurt)  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mountainview03
<Content>No more The location was fine but the room was so small you could barely move around in it. There was one window in the room and it was up so high that my husband who is 6'4 could not see out it without standing on his toes on a chair. The bathroom was very small and dimly lit. The buffet breakfast was typical consisting of assorted breads, salami and cheeses. We would not stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>VivienNottingham
<Content>Loved Hotel Paris 2 of us stayed in a standard double room in May for 5 nights and had a wonderful time. Hotel Paris has kept the old traditional feel with painted ceilings and ornate decorations in the public areas and is very charming. Our room was clean and a good size and cleaned daily by the maid. Breakfast was great with lots of choice for all. The staff were lovely and very helpful with lots of leaflets and maps and helpful with ideas of what to do during the day.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nuncio35
<Content>Great Hotel       Bathroom 1  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	-1	-1	

<Author>CSANDEL
<Content>Great Location, Dirty rooms After changing our room 3 times we finally got a half decent room. I would suggest asking to see a few rooms once you arrive. The hotel saff was very nice and they had a decent breakfast in a beautiful room. We found the location to be great, but would not stay in this hotel again due to the cleanless. The hotel is over 500 years old and it seemed like they have not changed the bed linenes and matresses for over 200 years. Everything seemed dirty.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Debpemb
<Content>Hotel Paris -- Magnifico! My daughter, my best friend, and I just returned from a week in Florence. I absolutely do not know where to begin with my praise for this beautiful hotel  its staff! We were visiting my other daughter who is a student at the Rucellai Institute. My husband was unable to accompany us, so I was more than a little homesick. But, no need to worry. From the second we entered the lobby, we were treated as Royalty! (It didn't hurt that my husband's family hails from Gubbio, Tuscany  our surname was instantly recognized by Francesco at the desk!)We arrived at the hotel a full hour before check-in, but our room was ready. We had booked a twin superior for 3 people. The room was absolutely breathtaking. It was huge! We had a lovely view of the Bell Tower  the Dome. The decor  furnishings were beautiful as well. There was a print of Botticelli's The Birth of Venus on one of the walls (one of my all-time favorites!). The bathroom was marble. I loved the towel warmers. When my daughter saw how beautiful the room was, she asked if she could stay with us instead of at her apartment. I asked at the front desk if that was ok  to please charge me the extra $20 per night for her. Not only did they let her stay with us free of charge, but I also had the feeling that they kept an eye out on both of my daughters (20  21).Our itenerary was that we would stay at the Hotel Paris from Monday night thru Thursday night, check out Friday morning, travel to Venice  Verona on the weekend  stay in Verona Friday  Saturday nights. We had no where to stay Sunday night  also nowhere to store our luggage while we were in Verona. We were going to stay at my daughter's apartment, but that didn't work out. We checked at the desk to see if they had any rooms for us upon our return to Florence Sunday night, but the fellow told us they were booked solid. However, he said it was fine if we left our luggage there (even though we were checked out!). He suggested that we keep checking, though, which we did  Francesco did come up with a room for us for Sunday night! We were ecstatic!!!The trip to Verona was fun, but I sure missed the luxury of Florence  the hotel! When we returned to Florence, the gentleman at the desk whipped out a hotel brochure to show us our new room. Well, it was none other than the Presidential Suite! I thought he was joking ... he wasn't! OMG ... the room was so beautiful. It felt as though we were staying in a museum. They charged us for a regular room. It was their present to the princesses. Unbelievable. Frescoes; antiques; wall niches; fireplace; beautiful art, rugs, chandelier, lamps; etc. And, the beds .... so comfortable. The bathroom was a beautiful shade of cherry red, mosaic floor. Breathtaking.Besides the beauty of the hotel itself, I have never met a staff that was more accommodating. They helped us in so many ways ... from dinner reservations to train reservations, etc. When we asked directions to the travel agent, the young man actually walked us all the way there! Our plane for home was leaving Florence Airport at 6:40 a.m. Monday. The girl at the desk (Cara) left 3 breakfast bags for us (gratis) ... how thoughtful is that?I could go on  on with my praises. Rest assured that the next time I visit Florence (can't wait for that!), I certainly know where I'll be staying! I can't wait for my husband (not Francesco, but Frank!) to come with me.In summation, visit Florence  stay at the Hotel Paris. You won't be disappointed. This place is a gem  I haven't even mentioned the gorgeous breakfast room!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MissIzzy
<Content>Loved the Paris! My husband and I just returned from Florence. We stayed at the Paris and loved it. The hotel is an old palace, so the placement of the rooms can be a little odd. It's beautifully decorated and quite exotic looking. Our room was well appointed and had the usual toiletries and hair dryer. I was excited that our bathroom had a bathtub so that I could soak my tired legs!! The staff was terrifc. They graciously made reservations for us to the Uffizi and the Accademia (same day service, no less!), offered suggestions for restaurants, and called us taxi's. All with a smile! The breakfast was great--very Italian with cappaccino and espresso to order, American coffee, croissants and other sweets, fruit, yogurt, meat, cheese, bread, and cereal.The hotel is located within two blocks of the train and bus stations, but there was no noise. It's about three blocks from the Duomo.The only negative is the street noise. Our first room faced the street and we were hot so we had to open the windows (no air conditioning). Nighttime revelers kept calling out for Stella, so sleeping was a little tough. If it's a problem for you, ask for a room away from the main street.Florence is a fabulous city. Enjoy!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AL0011
<Content>Great experience at Paris Hotel       View from room 335  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Charlino
<Content>A splendid holiday at a well located hotel. I shall return. I am a frequent visitor to Firenze, and so am well able to judge the value-for money qualities of its middle ranking hotels. They do not come any better than Hotel Paris! The hotel is superbly located for walking to tourist venues on both sides of the Arno, for buses to outlying villages, and for a selection of modest and smart restaurants. The hotel is spotlessly clean throughout. The breakfast room has splendid decor, and the selection of food for a Continental Breakfast is wide and fresh.Staff on the Front Desk are both courteous and knowledgeable.I write as a single traveller, a group of people not always welcomed by hoteliers or restaurateurs. I could not have been made more welcome at Hotel Paris.If you wants flunkies and fuss, go somewhere else, but if you want quality commensurate with reasonable rates, and above all, cleanliness, friendliness and location, then look no further.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ChristineSeefer
<Content>Nice the Paris hotel in Florence is much more than a nice and particular hotel!We booked the Paris Hotel in Florence through our Travel Agency which suggested it as a very nice and particular hotel: the Paris hotel is much more than a nice and particular hotel!Breakfast room is unique with its frescoes of the XVI century as the atmosphere in every part of the hotel. What a pleasure to sit and relax in this room having your breakfast with such a large choice of products among which ones also some Tuscany specialties...Our room had a very high ceiling with nice decorations, the ancient furniture was very elegant, bathroom was comfortable enough and very clean. Moreover this hotel is placed in a very good location: from there you can reach easily everything in a few minutes on foot.We couldn't imagine to bring with us such a good memory from Florence鈥?br/>  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Marcelocara
<Content>My holidays in Florence.... I have been in January ['07 at the Paris Hotel in Florence with my ex-wife and our 3 years old child in two separated rooms and I can tell you that we really enjoy our stay at this hotel, very centrally located ( just few minutes away from the Duomo) and for the fact that we had 2 rooms, both very nice, I can tell you for a 3 stars hotel it was worthy.The hotel has these wonderful frescoes on the cealing and our rooms were so spacious, with no traditional shape, as I have been told by the staff that some rooms still keep the original shape since it has been built making it quite unique and the decoration quite tasty. Despite the fact that it is a 3 stars, with some limitations( es. no bar neither restaurant), neverthless we spent most our times outside, visiting the city, so we did not bother with. This property is well above compared to other 3 stars which I stayed before in Florence and I will come back next .Really good value for money.Marcelo / Sao Paulo - Brazil - London - UK  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rozee
<Content>Mai piu (Never again) Stayed there end of Nov. 2006. Probably the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. Or maybe it was just our room. Actually, the staff was very nice and helpful. The breakfast was good. The public areas were lovely. The elevator was working. The area very convenient to everything. But our room . . . long, narrow, high ceiling, bad lighting, dirty bedspreads, cold, loose tile floor, an armoire where the bar kept falling down when we hung up our clothes so we had to hang things on the outside and on the window latches . . . and the bathroom . . . worse lighting, at best one 20 watt bulb, and a shower the size of a phone booth with one curved wall and no room to turn around and no sill to separate it from the rest of the bathroom floor and just a slight dip with a drain in the bottom and I can't count on how clean it was as how could housekeeping even see it in the dark. The pix on their website show the nice rooms. Maybe it was our travel agent.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ogg023
<Content>Loved it       The small room with twin bed  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Greysdog
<Content>There are lots of good hotels in Florence. Don鈥檛 stay at this one. The Paris hotel is in a great old villa, in a good location; I could see the Domo from my window and the bellmen was first class. Other than that, the experience was not wonderful. First, my room was just about large enough for 1 child鈥檚 size bed and a wooden chair. After protesting to the front desk, I was given a slightly larger room with an adult bed. I was told about the street noise in the guide books but did not realize how loud it could be. One night my ears were ringing from the noise in the street even with the shutters closed. And then there was the sewer-gas odor from the bathroom! On the 3rd of my 4 day reservation,after a call to my wife, I needed to head home unexpectedly. I told the front desk of my need to leave early and was told I would need to pay for the room regardless of the reason.There are lots of good hotels in Florence. Don鈥檛 stay at this one.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MTML
<Content>Love Paris Hotel This is my second time staying at Hotel Paris - and once again the experience was great. My first time was with my husband and two young children - excellent location - excellent staff - excellent accommodation.I decided to book in again for Dec 06 for a weekend away with my mum and sister to shop before Christmas. Once again my experience was fantastic - excellent location - excellent staff and excellent accommodation.I have never had a problem in this hotel - breakfast (especially the room it is set in) is superb! Never had a problem with noise at any time with either stays.Great little restaurants all around! So close to everything! Will definitely be back again!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EFTF
<Content>Location, location, location but loud, loud, loud We stayed at the Paris hotel for our 3-day, first-time visit to Florence. It's just blocks from the train station, Duomo and the haute couture shopping district. Our run-down room was unfortunately not as elegant as the common areas of this former palace. For european standards, the bathroom was decently sized. Our major complaint was the late night street noise that even our shutters couldn't block out. We also couldn't lower the heat in the room. The hotel charged a ridiculous amount for a 1/2 hour internet card. Finally, despite the convenience of having the concierge order tickets for the Accademia for us, he failed to tell us that the hotel charged a service fee that doubled the cost of the ticket. If you do stay here, request a room NOT facing Via di Banchi.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	3	1	

<Author>mickeymouse75
<Content>An honest opinion We had a difficult time choosing a hotel as it was our honeymoon and our first time in Europe. We decided on this hotel and when we got there ....no kidding if there was a room in the attic this was it. Everything was clean...and I am meticulous about that. The shower was not that good with a hand held head and a bad curtain. We were disappointed for the money!!!!! The location is great..a few blocks from the train station and close walking distance to the Duomo. We didn't want to go back to our room we hated it so much so we had a late night drink across the street from the hotel. We met a lovely couple who were staying there too and were also disappointed... so we felt better that it wasn't just us. The next night they changed our room and 200 dollars went missing with the transaction... we were not happy.Don't stay here  
<Date>Nov 23, 2006
<Rating>3	1	2	4	4	4	4	1	

<Author>dannafromcalgary
<Content>Not our Favorite! The location turned out to be not so bad. If you turn left you get to the nice tourist area(s), but if you turn right you are in a much more lower residentail area. We did end off walking right as that is where we found a great laundrymat.The rooms were really 3*. Older, not fresh feeling, and the bathroom was tiny and also didn't feel very clean (due to its age and not the actual cleanliness) The air conditioning really was not very 'cooling'.The breakfast was OK, not great, but OK.We did take a walking tour of Florence and thought that was great to learn the stories to go along with the buildings. We did feel very safe throughout the entire visit!! We mostly enjoyed our evening sitting by the Uffizi Gallery listening to the musicians and watching all the people.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	4	-1	-1	

<Author>johnnykluv
<Content>A really nice hotel Although the lobby is not airconditioned, the rooms are and are very comfortable. The ceilings were high and had beautiful old murals.The bathroom was a tight squeeze but usable. The hotel is close to everything yet it is on a small street. The fact that it is not sparkling new gives it a lot more character. I don't quite understand the gripes about noise. If people don't like noise at night they shouldn't visit big cities.The desk personnel were very helpful in helping one find places, booking reservations and finding restaurants. One warning is thatif you want a side trip, take the public transportation there (e.g.,Siena) and don't get talked into an expensive tourist bus full of camera-toting maniacs.All in all a wonderful experience.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>RTullis
<Content>We thought the Paris was great       Front Entry Door  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Noisy When we walked down the street towards the hotel, I was ready to kill the travel agent as we approached what looked like a run down building. We were pleasantly surprised when we got in and found the hotel to be very charming. The room was large and we enjoyed the antiques which added the the overall charm of the hotel. The breakfast room though crowded and noisy is a beautiful room with wonderful frescoes on the walls. We loved everything about it until we tried to go to sleep. The street noise was terrible. If you are a light sleeper this is not the place for you. If you are willing to put up with early morning trash pick up, street cleaning, and noisy drunks in the middle of the night in exchange for a unique hotel with lots of charm, then I'd take a chance on this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wspt
<Content>Perfect Location ---- but a Bit Noisy at Night I took my three teenagers to Italy for Spring Break/Easter. We were only in Florence for two nights, but were very pleased with our accommodations at the Paris Hotel. By U.S. standards - I'd say it's a 3 star property. We booked a quad room that was very spacious by European (and U.S.) standards --- two full beds, a desk, armoire and open space to spread out a little. We had a great view of San Lorenzo and could also see the Duomo clearly. The bathroom was decent --- a full-size bathtub with a hand-held shower hose, large bath towels, toiletries, and plenty of hot water. Room was clean. The only negative comment is that there was a significant amount of street noise (despite the fact that we closed the window  shutters). We all woke up a couple of times during the night to hear laughter and loud voices from the street below, but fell back to sleep easily because we were exhausted from all of the touring we did!The front desk staff was always friendly and helpful. Although they were unable to get us four tickets to the Uffizzi for our second day in Florence, they did try. (Advice: plan in advance for this!) We spent a morning going to Pisa via train from Florence --- it was fun, but caused us to rush out from the nice breakfast. The breakfast room was beautiful ---- high ceilings w/ painted frescoes. Food was decent ---- a nice spread of fruit, croissants, cereals, yogurt, cookies, etc. The apricot tart was magnificent!The location could not be beat -------- it is a 5-min. walk from the SMN train station and a 5-min. walk to the Duomo and San Lorenzo. It's an easy 10-15-min. walk to the Uffizi, Science Museum  Ponte Vechhio. Note: we climbed the Duomo --- great views on a clear day --- makes for some wonderful souvenir photos!One could argue that the Paris Hotel needs a fresh coat of paint and little sprucing up, but we enjoyed our stay nonetheless ----- it gave it character, I suppose.Would we return to this hotel ---------- yes! It was a good value and, aside from the street noise at night, there was not much to complain about.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>beechtree29
<Content>Great value, centrally located. Had a very pleasant stay at this very well located hotel. An excellent welcome by a relaxed efficient staff. Room was exceptional. It was a triple with double ensuite. Breakfast was very satisfactory setting us up for a long days site seeing. All in all excellent value for money.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>janetbMontana
<Content>Wonderful staff- great buffet Five friends and myself just returned from Italy. We stayed in many hotels and by far the most accomodating desk people were at the Hotel Paris in Florence. The rooms were interesting and unique.The buffet breakfast was incredible. One could eat for a day with the wonderful variety of foods.The hotel is located on a dark street close to railway station. Very convenient to Accademia and Duomo.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't go there! We stayed at the Hotel Paris in October 2005. It is shabby and rundown, nothing like the pictures in the brochure or on the net. It must have been impressive when it was refurbished back in 2001. Our room was very large, it had a sizable damp spot on the ceiling (the paint had been scrapped off) and the room had a bad smell, probably damp. The furniture was falling to bits and the shower could only manage a luke warm dribble. We asked to have the room changed and was told 'You have the best room in the Hotel!' Worse of all the room was freezing. I asked for the aircon/heating unit to be checked and was told that the only thing that could be done was to shut the grill. When I complained I was offered extra blankets! Eventually, after a heated negotiation with the Hotel staff they placed an old radiator in the room, which we kept on day and night. We spent our first night in Florence trying to find accommodation elsewhere (which we were unable to do). Seriously, don't go there!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A taste of the Medicis This was our first visit to Florence and as a convenient base for exploring the city this hotel is ideal. Within easy walking distance from the station (it would have been easier if we'd set off in the right direction to start with) it is also a few yards away from the Duomo and a short stroll from almost everything else you will want to see. Judging from other reviews no two rooms in the place are alike, hardly surprising when it's converted from a sixteenth century palace. We had no complaints about ours - large with an impressively high ceiling, antique wooden furniture giving great character, huge windows from which the San Lorenzo church could be seen over the rooftops and a massive and supremely comfortable bed. The bathroom was small with only a shower, no bathtub but everything clean and inviting, large warm towels provided. The only problem we had was a failure in the hot water supply for the last couple of days (not just us, the whole hotel) - it seemed to have been fixed but was then cold again the following day. We also had a fair amount of noise from the street below, inevitable in a city centre setting I guess and something you rapidly adjust to after the first night.The breakfasts lived up to the rave reviews from others and if you make the most of them you could comfortably manage without lunch (not that we did, but we do overindulge on holiday and why not). I do think other reviewers have been a bit unfair on the restaurant opposite; gourmet dining it certainly isn't but the pizzas and pasta are excellent (so are the jugs of house wine), many Italians were eating there which is always a good sign, and as a convenient place to fall into on your first night to recover from the journey it would be hard to find better. In fact we liked it so much we went back on our last night as well and weren't disappointed.So overall, great location, fascinating place to stay, very comfortable and good value for money (particularly impressed by the telephone bill at the end - we had chatty phone calls back to the UK four nights running and paid less than five euros in total). And yes the lift was working fine, but the wide staircases are so impressive you don't need to use it except when you have luggage.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, quiet and comfortable We found our hotel very easily from the train station. The staff was very friendly and welcoming and even gave us recommendations on places close by. Our room was on the 5th floor, just beware that the elevator only goes up to the 4th floor, but we didn't mind, we liked burning the calories we were eating all day! Our room was very quiet with a great view. Breakfast was simple but filling with great coffee! The little restaurant across the street is AMAZING, great for that night you don't want to walk far!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jay Kyle
<Content>Great Location I am a little late but I had to talk about the Hotel Paris. First of all, GREAT LOCATION. Only 2 to 3 blocks from the following sites: Church of S. Maria Novella, the Medici Chapel and flea market, and the Duomo, and the train station. Add a few more blocks and you have David, the Ponte Vecchio, the Uffizi, and the Bagello. Surrounded by good affordable restaurants. The first room we got, we had to crawl over the bed to get to the bathroom. It was on the top floor but the view looking over the city onto the rooftops was spectacular. We requested another room which we had the rest of our stay. It was a 2 level room with a loft bedroom. Quite nice. The breakfast buffet was quite spectacular and in a room with frescoes on the vaulted ceiling from the 16th century. The staff was very friendly and helpful. It was quite fun to stay in a palace from the renaissance period.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>AS GOOD AS OUR FIRST STAY HERE IN 1998!!! My family and I stayed here in 1998 and again this summer. Great location, pleasant staff (very accomodating, friendly and helpful!!!). A great terrace and my teenaged son made use of the internet facility nearby. Very adequate breakfast in a lovely frescoed room. Rooms are large, airy; bathroom large. From here, you can walk to all the major sites: Duomo, Uffizi, Signoria, Santa Croce, Novella etc etc. You can walk from the train station to this hotel in 10 minutes (no taxi needed). Elevator is working well and renovations done between 1998 and now are evident and positive. Try the pizzeria restaurant just across the street and the nearby Spada restaurant.....both have great food and value!! We'll be staying here again.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>roadgard
<Content>Not worth the trouble. Customer Service? No, they don't do that. Adjustments to charges for their error? No, they don't do that. Help in finding other accomodations? No, they don't do that. Walk up six flights of stairs? Yes, they can watch you do that.There are too many other far superior places to stay in Florence.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Close to sites, shopping, food places... My husband and I spent two nights at the Paris Hotel in November 2004. The room was adorable, but small. We were surprised to have a balcony! The breakfast was sufficient and the staff was very nice. Our hotel was very close to most sites and food places.I would definitely recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Traveller beware - disappointing customer service During my stay at the Paris Hotel from May 12 to 15, 2004 I verified that the reservation for my 22 year-old daughter who was arriving May 20 was in order. This was her first trip to Europe and she would be alone in Florence over night until I met up with her the next day. However when she arrived at the Paris Hotel and presented her hotel reservation confirmation to the front desk she discovered two things. One, that she had arrived a day early, and two, that the front desk personnel couldn鈥檛 find her reservation for May 20. She was asked to return at 3pm when the reservation clerk would be working. In the mean time, she managed to find a bed at a youth hotel across town for that first night. When she returned to the Paris at 3pm, she was again told, this time by the reservation clerk, that they still could not find her reservation. At this point she collected her bags from the storage room and left 鈥?what else could she do. Unfortunately the hostel where she had spent the first night couldn鈥檛 accommodate her for another night but they did help her find a bed elsewhere. She managed, but it made her stay in Florence very stressful, to say nothing of her pre-paid room at the Paris Hotel which presumably remained empty. By the time I arrived back in Florence May 21st, the hotel had found the reservation, but confirmed to me that she had presented herself twice at the front desk and that they had told her both times that there was no reservation for her. Incredibly, despite these admissions, the hotel submitted a 鈥榥o show鈥?to the booking agent and have refused to reimburse us the cost of her room. Such incidents reflect badly on the reputation of a hotel, and potentially spoil a great vacation.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tuxedoavenue
<Content>Better than expected This hotel has a great loation, helpful staff, and after a day of Florentine art, it was nice to sleep in an air-conditioned room under frescoed vaulted ceilings in the Rafael room. We had 2 adjacent rooms, the second, next to the Rafael room was smaller but acceptable. Breakfast was warm in an un-airconditioned room but the dining room was attractive and food areas clean. Parking was not included in the price but valet parking was available to the local garage. A benefit since driving in Florence is very difficult. The bathroom was large and clean. Not a Hyatt but good value for the price.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Under the Tuscan Sun... Just returned from three wonderful nights at the Paris. This jewel of a small hotel could not be more conveniently located: a few minutes to the Duomo, Piazza dela Signoria, Uffizi, San Lorenzo market, Santa Maria Novella train station...you name it. Exceedingly well informed and helpful English speaking staff. We had just come from Rome, where the air conditioning didn't work well, the concierges at the hotel (Atlante Garden: handy if you need to be at the Vatican, otherwise forget it) were singularly unhelpful, and we were unable to get laundry done because all of Rome was at the beach for the August vacation. Amazingly, the laundry people don't go on vacation in Florence, and we were able to obtain clean clothes in just a few hours, get reservations for the Uffizi, and get recommended to the most charming delicious and cheap hosteria that you can imagine. Yes, the elevator was still not working, but after climbing endless stairs on my much surgered knees to the top floor we were rewarded with a large, lovely, light and well-decorated room with 20 foot ceilings, outstanding views, satellite TV, minibar, working AC, and a truly grand, modern and marvelous bathroom. Don't stay here if you're a Hilton type, but if you want charm, convenience and a real sense of history, stay in this wonderful, and very affordable ($150 Euros per night for three including a very satisfactory breakfast buffet in a glorious vaulted 16th C. room). We had to tear ourselves away and would go back in a second.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RNnyusa
<Content>Not for me. As of July, elevator still not working. There are a lot of stairs. The terrace advertised on the website is not available due to elevator construction. Hotel is near the railroad station, which is not the nicest part of town and doesn't feel very much like the Florence you expect. The Hotel didn't feel like a Florentine jewel, instead it was musty and sparse, and the rooms were very dowdy compared to the sumptuous photos on the website. Breakfast room and stairs have no air-conditioning. We paid 150 Euros a night. Would have preferred to have paid more to stay in a nicer hotel closer to the main Piazzas in a better area. Room was clean and had a spectacular view, however for me the pro's did not outweigh the cons and I wouldn't stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>justgotravel
<Content>Good Location!! Wicked climb up 5 flights of stairs to room! We stayed at the Paris for 2 nights this June (2004). The elevator is still not close to being done, so beware if you cannot climb that many stairs. It was very noisy during the day with the construction on the elevator. Our room faced the back of the hotel and was quiet. Lovely breakfast, helpful staff. It was very difficult to reach by car. They are located in a pedestrian zone. The traffic officer felt sorry for us after watching us drive by 5 times, so he allowed us to head down the street to the hotel. Easy drop off and pick up by the garage after that.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Reasonable place to stay Stayed there May 2004, elevator still not working. We were well pleased with the hotel--great central location, very close to train station and to rental car we got later in the trip, large room, clean, everytbhing worked, helpful staff, not too expensive given the market in Florence, we would stay there again.  
<Date>May 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sptravel06
<Content>Be picky about your room We stayed at the Paris Hotel on May 8 - 10th, 2004. We had been recommended to the hotel by our agent so when we first got there we were given a room that was very small, 2 story and very cramped. Being a two story made it extremly hot so we asked the front desk if we could change rooms the next day since it was so hot. They were extremly helpful and the next night we stayed in a fabulous room complete with a full bathroom and queen bed. So based on the first night I would not recommend this hotel at all, but based on the second night I would highly recommend it!  
<Date>May 19, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice rooms, but keep looking Belive the warnings about the elevator...it's still not working and judging by the amount of scaffolding and support structure around it both inside and out, it's not going to be anytime soon. It took 125 stairs to get to our room on the 3rd floor. Once we'd made the climb, the room was lovely (and very large), and as one might expect in a small hotel like this, the staff remembered us and handed us the correct room key whenever we came in without having to be asked. What soured our opinion was that upon arrival, we were notified that our rate would be higher because it did not include taxes. We spoke with the manager, and he took offense to it as a pride issue, challenging us to prove him wrong. We did so, providing him a screen capture from our travel agent's reservation system that stated incl tax, prompting him to counter with an email from Utell's central reservation center that we were still incorrect. The extra $40 per night wasn't a big deal, but on principle alone, the affont to customer service is inexcusable. We were already paying over 200 Euros nightly, and despite the fact that the hotel rents rooms for much less than that, the manager suggested we were trying to rip him off by asking him to honor the rate on our reservation confirmation. There are plenty of nice hotels in the neighborhood to choose from. We were staying only 2 nights and chose not to look elsewhere, even though we should have. Based on the inconvenience of the broken elevator and the arrogant treatment, we recommend you look elsewhere when booking in Florence.  
<Date>May 13, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location We stayed at the Paris Hotel at the end of April, 2004. The lift was still being renovated and according to the front desk, will probably be in this state for quite a while. Apparently the city wants the lift to be updated for handicap services and this is difficult to do in a shaft designed for a typical small European elevator. The staff was very, very friendly and more than helpful. The breakfast was adequate but the breakfast room's fresco is beautiful. Our room was large, but quite a climb up, and the bathroom is beautifully done. Overall, we loved our stay there. However, I was just getting over a bout of acute bronchitis so we feel the lesson learned was that we would stay in more modern facilities to ensure that we would have the services of a lift in the future.  
<Date>May 6, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cuse2006
<Content>Great location and friendly service We visited Florence in late January and stayed at the Paris for three nights. The room was large and clean although the climb to it was difficult after a long day of sight seeing. The elevator was out of service our entire stay, and I suspect had been for a while. The breakfast room was quaint and the ceiling our first fresco of each day. The food was adequate and staff kind. The front desk always had a friendly face and welcomed us as recognized guests. Only about two blocks from the Doumo and the train station, it was ideal for getting around. I would stay here again without question, but would be wary of upper level rooms if traveling with someone unable to walk many stairs.  
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous location This is a brilliantly located hotel withing a stone's throw of the cathedral, most of the other main sites and the best of the shops.The hotel itself has character and has been converted quite well. The room was large and clean with very high ceilings and attractive reproduction furniture.Staff are very friendly and helpful. The lift is not working (hasn't been for a long time) but the porter carried our bags up to our 4th floor room - although we did help him for the last flight of stairs as he was struggling by then!The only complaint was that the room was quite noisy in spite of being on the 4th floor. I understand the rooms not facing the main street are much quieter.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceptional value We just returned from a five night stay at the Hotel Paris and cannot speak highly enough. While it?s true that the elevator was temporarily out of service, it is in the process of being replaced with a larger one; we watched the workmen doing it. It?s probably back in service by now. This is a three star hotel, not a four star as somebody below misunderstood and we found it to be an excellent value. For those who don?t know, stars are awarded based on specific services provided and are not a guarantee of quality; it?s possible to find 3 star hotels that outshine 4 stars, etc.; everything depends on the personnel and the personnel at the Hotel Paris are outstanding.Breakfast selection was broad but could use some variety from day to day. This is not the right place to stay for somebody looking for slick, modern and sterile. It is the right place for people who appreciate well designed and reasonably well maintained older buildings that offer character and style that are sadly lacking in so many of today?s hotels. As with any hotel, you need to be careful in your booking arrangements if a particular type of room is necessary to meet your needs; their website provides views of several different types. We chose the Presidential room and found it to be an outstanding value. All hotels offer a variety of rooms; sometimes you only get what you pay for. Sometimes you get a lot more; we feel that we did. Thanks to all who made this a memorable visit.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BJL
<Content>I'd recommend the Hotel Paris despite a few things       Room 444 (Paris Hotel, Florence, Italy)  
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A bit over-rated   showReview(1563943, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Must stay Hotel! I would comeback here!   showReview(1557252, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Artwork   showReview(1518751, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Gem!   showReview(1496720, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>onigiri2
<Content>OK   showReview(1492915, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2003
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good visit   showReview(1369124, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The art of Paris   showReview(1127049, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location   showReview(909822, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mirandarose
<Content>Loved the Paris   showReview(851022, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 1, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El hotel mas tenebroso de...   showReview(22487828, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione. Personale...   showReview(22626568, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>monalisacc
<Content>Paraguas desaparecido   showReview(22125682, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel id茅alement situ茅 pour une...   showReview(21582541, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel bien situado, con buen...   showReview(21391973, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un ottimo albergo, un 3 stelle...   showReview(20923264, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>yoopino
<Content>Ni a mi peor enemigo   showReview(20266058, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fr眉hst眉cksraum wundersch枚n...   showReview(20133083, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La ubicaci贸n es excelente...   showReview(20188682, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍙ゃ倎銇嬨仐銇勮叮銈傘亗銈娿仾銇屻倝銈淬兗銈搞儯銈广仹濂虫€с伀銇娿仚銇欍倎   showReview(19915370, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>姝村彶銈掓劅銇樸倠銉涖儐銉仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19915221, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione per la visita...   showReview(19492963, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>銉栥儷銉笺儹銉笺偪銈?> 銉栥儷銉笺儹銉笺偪銈?</a> </div>
<Content>銈儵銈枫儍銈儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19037065, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>MadridJuan
<Content>No vayas, el hotel de los horrores   showReview(18074791, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel muy bien situado, un poco...   showReview(18411284, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excelente hotel!!!!! Altamente...   showReview(17272684, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tripontheworld
<Content>fantastico   showReview(15157585, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione tra stazione e...   showReview(16727572, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>arvrowenn
<Content>Bel h么tel, tr猫s bien situ茅, mais bruyant   showReview(15003006, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>椐呫亱銈夈倐瑕冲厜鍦般伕銈傝繎銇勯珮绔嬪湴銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19169427, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel calme, pt dej sympa,decor...   showReview(16725407, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel extr锚mement bien plac茅...   showReview(16724521, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ho soggiornato una notte con il...   showReview(14274067, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉┿儍銈兗銇с仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19168673, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Struttura corrispondente a...   showReview(13163116, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 猫 bellissimo e...   showReview(12651293, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Solo una notte a Firenze. Il...   showReview(12651742, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>椐呫亱銈夈倐銉夈偐銈儮銇嬨倝...   showReview(21803140, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RGOMEZ
<Content>La mejor situaci贸n   showReview(11240302, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	4	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El Hotel Paris en Florencia, es...   showReview(11352350, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel bien situ茅 pres du...   showReview(11352349, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>姝村彶銇亗銈嬪缓鐗┿仹鐓ф槑...   showReview(21803130, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Toskanafan
<Content>Verkehrsl盲rm extrem   showReview(10068279, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍓嶅崐锛掓棩銆佸緦鍗婏紦鏃ャ伄...   showReview(21803056, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓€娉娿仛銇ゃ伄鍒ヤ細绀俱伄鎵?..   showReview(21803031, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓笘棰ㄣ儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19164394, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>EL AIRE ACONDIONADO NO FUNCIONA...   showReview(11352352, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>椐呫亱銈夈倐銉夈偊銈儮銇嬨倝...   showReview(21802793, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉儜銉皸銇叆銈娿伨銇椼仧锛?#x201d;   showReview(19162152, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buona l'albergo e l'accoglienza   showReview(11352353, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tr猫s bien, mais evitez...   showReview(11352354, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>STANDARD銈儵...   showReview(21802404, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>椐呫亱銈夈仺銇︺倐杩戙亸銆佽Τ...   showReview(21802294, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Mon homme et moi avons pass茅 3...   showReview(11352355, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广偪銉冦儠銇柟銇仺銇︺倐...   showReview(21802222, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉戙儶銇嬨倝瀵濆彴杌娿仹銉曘偅...   showReview(21802189, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Me ha parecido un lugar...   showReview(11352351, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉曘偅銉兂銉勩偋椐呫亱銈夋...   showReview(21802059, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹夈亸銇︿究鍒?#x201d;   showReview(19159416, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>寤虹墿銇屾徍銈屻仸銇俱仐銇熴€?#x201d;   showReview(19159387, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>椐呫亱銈夎繎銇嬨仯銇熴伄銇с偣...   showReview(21801577, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉勩偆銉炽儷銉笺儬浣跨敤銇с仚...   showReview(21801205, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Stanza principesca. colazione...   showReview(11352356, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱仧銉曘偅銉兂銉勩偋銇銇嶃仧銇勶紒锛?#x201d;   showReview(19154848, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>闈欍亱銇с€佸ぉ浜曘亴楂樸亸銈?..   showReview(21800397, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉戙儶銆€銉曘偅銉兂銉勩偋   showReview(19930489, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈€楂樸仹銇椼仧銆?#x201d;   showReview(19930354, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel, tr猫s bien situ茅...   showReview(11352357, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴銈勫€ゆ銇亜銇勩倱銇с仚銇屻€?#x201d;   showReview(19929986, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>SIAMO STATI VERAMENTE MOLTO...   showReview(11352358, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tres bruyant on se serait...   showReview(11352359, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Davvero carine le camere, ma...   showReview(11352360, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇勩仱銈傦紨銇ゆ槦浠ヤ笂銇儧...   showReview(19926194, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>12/26銇嬨倝4娉娿仐...   showReview(19924037, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A Firenze tutto costa... Ottimo...   showReview(11352361, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇仺銇︺倐搴冦亸鏄奸枔...   showReview(19923350, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 6, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绉併倐涓€浜烘梾銇с€佷粬銇兘...   showReview(19923332, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱伄銉涖儐銉伅鏈綋銇亰...   showReview(19921424, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓€浜烘梾銇у埄鐢ㄣ亜銇熴仐銇?..   showReview(19918320, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銆€銈儍銉椼儷銇曘倱銇т簣绱?..   showReview(19917852, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

