<Author>lethargo
<Content>Nice hotel - good location! We stayed for the USM vs Troy football game at the New Orleans Dome. Hotel staff very nice, hotel very clean. Room was spacious and comfortable. We had a room amidst 100's of band member college kids and never heard a peep in the hallways! The hotel is in good walking distance to the casino and French Quarter. Self parking was easy and reasonably priced. If in the area we'd stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gabbygigi
<Content>Worst hotel experience ever!!! Our company Christmas function was booked at the Hilton Riverside with special rate rooms. We made reservations 2 weeks plus in advance for a non-smoking room. Arriving a little after check-in time we were told a room was not ready, but a rush would be put on the cleaning. No problem. We checked our bags and enjoyed a walk around the Riverwalk, returning about an hour later. Still not ready - smoke smell was reported by housekeeping and would be sprayed. By six o'clock, we still had not been called so we returned to the front desk and waited in line again ( bring a book). The desk clerk went to the room on the 23rd floor, came back and said all was okay. We took the inefficient elevator, put the key in the lock and were knocked out by the smoke smell. I tried calling the front desk - no answer. Finally, I reached the hotel operator who was very helpful and located a manager. By now I had very little time to dress for a formal affair. The manager called back to say no other room was available and we could check out. Thanks!!! He agreed to compensate us for the inconvenience ($40). By now, I have a migraine - the worst trigger is smoke- and my meds cost more than $40. All of our clothes smelled of smoke, suitcases, shoes, etc. The next day I saw the housekeeper and she was surprised the room had been let out. On returning to our room after the function, the key would not work. Back down the slow elevator, get new keys and finally get to our room. The air had cut off and the heater was on full blast - hot smoke smell. While my husband was in the shower, someone came to the room, inserted the key and the handle turned- good thing I had put on extra locks. The room next door was having a party, and we could participate in the conversation the walls were so thin. PROS - The furnishings are nice - Crabtree  Evelyn products, Lavazza coffee. The sound did not work on the TV but we couldn't stand staying in the room anyway. The view of the CCC bridge was spectacular. We stay in hotels about 30 days a year. Never have I posted a negative. By the way, I am a local and very ashamed that my beloved city calls this first class accomodations. Go to the Monteleone.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	5	1	1	2	-1	

<Author>lovet-travel11
<Content>very overpiced My only reason to stay in this hotel is to attend a convention that is held in the hotel. The hotel has good facilities. But it is very overpriced and it tries to charge fees for a lot of things: in room Internet access $14.95/night, a small fridge in room $10/night. Fitness club needs a fee. Swimming pool is outdoor but free of charge.There are many many hotel within 0.5 mile distance from this hotel. Others are better deal. Try to avoid this one.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>defresh
<Content>Nice Stay! I didn't pay much for the room so I can't be to picky. Overall it was nice. I asked for an upper level room with a view and my wish was easily granted. The room was clean with a nice LCD. The beds were a bit soft for me but just a preference. Not much to complain about. It was a great location but with that comes $30 self parking. It does give the hotel guest in/out privledges and that was helpful. I don't think it is cheaper to park anywhere else. I would like to know if it is. Looking forward to going back.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GraftonTraveler24
<Content>Average       Cruise ship passing our window  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>eaikens
<Content>Nice for us Contrary to many other recent reviews of the Hilton Riverside, I thought the staff, rooms, and amenities were beyond satisfactory. I received a good deal, yet would have been just as pleased with my stay had I paid full price. Many staff members were Eastern European, but this did not create any language problems. Good location, not a bad walk from the French Quarter for a reasonably fit person (maybe 10-15 minutes). One specific complaint I can think of is the high fee for the self-park in the attached parking deck. I knew it would be high and was not surprised, but still frustrating that it is only 5 or 6 dollars less than valet (and significantly higher than other decks in the area). Reading the hotel's reviews, I was a bit uneasy going in, but there is nothing to be worried about here.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>pvg
<Content>Good stay for biz trip I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights for a recent conference. Arrived about 9:30 pm on a Monday night and had no problems checking in. Room was on the 22nd floor. I had concerns with neighbor noise based on other reviews, the fact that my room was situated at the end of a hallway right next to two other doors, and there's was a connecting door from my room to another, but I heard nothing. It was very quiet, with the exception of occasional hallway noise (loud talkers, housekeeping).The room was clean and comfortable. Internet is $14.95, which seems ridiculously overpriced. I tried to charge it to my room but the website wouldn't recognize me. Bed was very comfortable and I had plenty of space since I was by myself. The shower nozzle in the bathroom couldn't be adjusted; the spray hit the back wall and poured past the shower curtain onto the floor by the door. Also the shower temp and pressure were lower than I like and it took me a couple minutes to figure out how to get the shower on (have to pull very hard on the plug). Another thing to know is that the lamps have tricky switches. I had to call the front desk for help when I couldn't get any of them to turn on; you have to turn the switch and hold it for a few seconds before it clicks. However, these were relatively minor issues.Generally service was good, it was easy to catch a cab, and elevators were fast and frequent (on one of them, the lights would go out while the elevator was moving, which made me uncomfortable when I was in the elevator with a stranger). Proximity to Riverwalk, Harrahs, shopping and the Quarter is good, although not as convenient as other hotels (probably quieter though). The front desk tried to convince me it was safe for me (a lone woman) to walk at 10 pm from the hotel to a restaurant in the Quarter, but I quickly voted for a cab.Do NOT eat at Dragos if you can avoid it. Food was mediocre; pasta was very mushy and tasteless. I was not the only one in our group to complain about it. We were glad they were able to seat our large group at last minute, but the table service was also minimal (no refills on water, for example). They do not automatically include gratuity on the bill for a group of our size and nothing on the bill highlights this fact; the person paying didn't catch that, and actually added on what she thought was an extra tip. The waitress came back and without smiling, pushed the bill back at us, said you didn't add a tip and walked off. It was an awkward moment to say the least. With all the great restaurants in the area, it's easy to avoid this place.Overall the stay was fine as long as you know where to go.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>lovemyboys2
<Content>Hilton needs help Goodness where to start...first and foremost the worst part of the room was the walls were paper thin. I could hear the entire conversation next door. Also, we could not sleep because as everyone on the floor came in for the night their door would slam. There was mildew on the grout in the bathroom..yuck! The room was outdated. The only positve things are location and the beds were very comfortable. 4 blks from French Quarter and French Market. Sits right at the Riverwalk and has a trolly stop right at the hotel. We ate at Mother's.after some reviews recommended it...was very disappointed..it was not good. We also ate at Landry's. OMG..it was delicious. From the salad to the tuna..yum! All in all we would not stay there again. There are hotels closer to the things that are more reasonable.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	4	2	3	-1	-1	

<Author>lsuchipman
<Content>No Good I would like to start by saying this was the worst experience in a hotel I have ever spent. Harrahs casino set me up at the Hilton New Orleans Riverside for 2 nights, and all I can say is NO SLEEP!!! You can hear everything going on in the rooms next door and in the halls.Good thing we did not have children in the room because the things we heard was xxx-rated, noisy, plus cursing, laughing, tv,music, etc. I called front desk to make a complaint and they said they were very sorry and they would send security up there. After about 30 minutes the noise became so loud I called back the front desk to see if they were going to do something and they said they told them to keep it down. But that did not happen. They asked if we wanted to transfer rooms so I said Yes, But then they tell me they only have 2 double beds instead of king that the wife and I had before. So at 3:45a.m. in the morning I check out of the room after being so tired from not getting no sleep for two days. The wife and I walked to the parking lot where we park the truck.(NOT THE SAFEST AT THAT TIME OF NIGHT) Then drove home with no sleep. The only good thing about this is that Harrahs paid the room. I am so glad it only cost me sleep and not money too.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	2	2	3	

<Author>cbgaines
<Content>Super elegant property We drove a rental car from airport. The hotel was easy to find at the foot of Poydras and Canal Streets. Valet parking only a few bucks more than self-park, so we thought it was worth it. Entering the lobby, you have to go up to second floor to check in. This was the one draw back to the experience. There are several agents at registration, but no line control. Guests were standing around trying to figure out who is next, if/where there is a line. The plan must be that there are enough agents so you don't have to wait. And even though another agent came out to man a position, we still waited and wondered with the other guests.A nice touch after check in was giving us bottled water. I thought it was even better getting chocolate chip cookies at Doubletree.We are Hilton Honors members, so we got upgraded to Executive Level. We had requested King sized bed, but got two Queen instead. A bit of a let down, but maybe that's another reason they gave us the Executive Level. That gives you access to free continental breakfast in the morning and cocktails (no-host bar) and appetizers in the evening.Room was clean, easy to find amenities (iron, hair dryer, etc.), and great views. The hotel was very busy with conventions, but we were there on our own and found it easy to walk to French Quarter for dining, shopping, and entertainment. When we needed to drive, valet generally had car waiting for us when we called before leaving our room. But be sure you actually get the valet desk. Once when we called, the phone was busy so it automatically went to another garage desk, and they never gave the message to the valet. Be sure you're talking to the valet desk.Housekeeping ladies couldn't have been more accommodating with our towel requests. Be sure to tip your housekeeping. Always.We will stay here again on our next trip to The Big Easy.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TrvlEngr
<Content>Did not meet my expectations of a Hilton I stayed at the Riverside Hilton for four nights during a convention. I chose it because of its proximity to the convention center, the group rate that came with the convention, and the Hilton reputation.Upon arriving on Saturday night, I was informed that all of the rooms that had been blocked off for the convention had been taken (although I made my reservation 3 months prior). I was told that I would need to stay in one room Saturday night, and then move to my permanent room on Sunday. While this was a minor inconvenience, I didn't mind. However, the room that I was assigned on the first night was one class higher than my normal room. Moving to a plain room after that was a let-down., It seems that if they knew how many rooms were reserved for the convention, they should have let the full-price weekend guests have the nicer rooms, and not make the convention-goers change rooms on Sunday, which was a full convention day. Otherwise, let the overflow convention guests stay in the nice rooms as a free upgrade, since they were going to be empty for the weeknights anyway.During a break on Sunday, I moved to my normal room. Warning: if assigned room number 20 on any floor (i.e., 1620), do NOT accept it. The service elevator is right next to those rooms, and is very noisy, and constantly going up and down. I requested a different room, and was assigned one with two double beds instead of one king bed. Since I was by myself, that was acceptable, but could have been a problem if my wife had come with me.My new room (now my third room in two days) is now three rooms down from the service elevator, but it can still be heard/felt moving every few minutes. I did not want to move to a fourth room, so I've put up with it. Luckily, I'm at the convention center or at restaurants most of the time, so I only need to deal with the noisy elevator for a few hours each day. I don't know if the guest elevators have the same problem, but beware of any rooms by elevators.Besides the noisy elevator, the mirrored closet door is broken and leaning to the side, half of the buttons on the TV remote don't work, and the desk and TV cabinet both have loose parts and missing screws. The Wi-Fi connection is also $15/day, which luckily is being paid by my company. There is also a fee to use the exercise facility. The dividing walls also seem pretty thin, as I can clearly hear the person in the room next to me talking on the phone and watching TV.Finally, the on-site sports bar (Kabby's) is closed, leaving a void in the restaurant/entertainment offerings for the hotel. Luckily there is a brewery/restaurant across the street.If I end up at another conference in New Orleans, I will definitely stay at one of the other hotels in the area. I have nothing against Hilton's in other cities - I just won't be staying at this one again.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	2	3	2	2	

<Author>VenueQuest
<Content>Don't waste your money I stayed at this hotel for a convention I was attending. My first impression of the hotel was that it was very average, just a great big box with no personality and character, which is unusual for a city like New Orleans where the vibe of the city is so permeating that the spirit and charm of the city can be found almost anywhere. The hotel is located next to the railroad tracks and very close to the river. The location is okay, but a little off the beaten path, it is only convenient to Harrah's Casino next door, and the riverfront mall. The front desk personnel were cold, slow and unwelcoming and I did not feel like anyone in the hotel went out of their way to ensure good service, unlike my recent stay at the Loews New Orleans in February, where the entire staff was very gracious and welcoming. In addition, during my stay at the Hilton, I had two expensive text books that were somehow removed from my room (I believe that housekeeping may have accidentally thrown them away, but no one will admit to it) and the hotel basically gave me the run around for over a week and then their security firm called to tell me that unless I can prove that the books were in there, they will not be responsible for them and that I should have secured them better if they were important. An associate that was with me also had her Coach purse stolen from her chair while she was eating dinner at the hotel. There are too many great hotel options in New Orleans to waste time and money on such an average hotel with below average staff.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	3	4	1	2	3	

<Author>aktx
<Content>Not so great I was quite disappointed with this hotel. I was promised a non-smoking room, but upon arrival all they had left were smoking rooms. What really irked me is they didn't tell me this until I entered the room and realized it was smoking room. I called down to the front desk and was told that was all they had left. Grrr.The furnishings were worn, the room was a bit dirty and it was very dark, even with the drapes wide open. The room did have a fantastic view of the river and the bridge.This hotel nickel and dimes you for everything, so be careful.The hotel is HUUUUGE and it takes forever to get to your room. It's located a bit too far from everything too. I wouldn't stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	2	2	2	2	3	

<Author>Chrissydb
<Content>Executive Level A Joke I was recently at the Hilton Riverside for a large conference. There were three of us sharing a room and thought that the Executive Level rooms looked like they were worth the extra $50 above the regular conference rates. A week before check-in, we received an email letting us know that we could order any extra amenities we needed, so we made sure to order extra towels and because we drink a lot of water, a refridgerator so we could stock up. We were informed that because the refridgerator is only $10 a day, we needed to order something else because they have a $15 minimum. Going off of that, my friend ordered a small bottle of Chardonnay for when we check-in, figuring that we could use it after a long day of traveling across the country.After checking in, we were informed that because we wanted a smoking room, we would not be on an executive level floor. We figured that the hotel would have just placed the amenities we needed in that room, no problem so far.When we reached our room, no refridgerator or Chardonnay. We called Guest Services and were told that they ran out of refridgerators and would put us on a waiting list. Five hours after that, we finally got our Chardonnay. If they let you order the refridgerators online, why do they continue to let you order if they have none left? Also, we did not receive turn-down service or bathrobes as advertised on the hotel's website.The next morning, we woke up and went to breakfast, which was included on the Executive Level. It amounted to nothing but some cut fruit and stale breakfast pastries. We were highly dissapointed since having the breakfast seemed like a benefit of paying the extra amount. We also did not receive a newspaper as promised. By now, we've had it and wish to speak to the manager. We spoke to the manager on duty and expresses our concerns, telling him that if the hotel did not rectify the situation or refused to refund us a portion of our bill, we would leave. All he said was I'm sorry, and made no attempt to keep us as guests. His attitude towards guest service was the last nail in the coffin. We ended up checking out that afternoon and moved to a hotel two blocks away for $50 less a night.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	2	2	

<Author>sdstingray
<Content>Great Location, but they charge extra for everything! We just returned from a week in New Orleans. We had a great time and really grew to love the city and the people. My husband and I stayed at the Hilton Riverside because I was attending a conference in the hotel so it was ideal for our situation. The good: Very clean, good location and nice employees. This hotel is located right next door to the Riverside Mall which has numerous places to get a quick bite and even a Cafe du Monde. Harrahs is right across the street and if you walk directly thru the casino you come out on Canal St. It was very hot on the days we visited so the little air conditioned stroll helped out. The not so good: The hotel check in was pretty easy but they didn't have any remodeled rooms when I checked in. Our room was on the inside and over looked the Starbucks and reception area. The room was clean but noisy at times. After staying at an Embassy Suites last year we were a bit spoiled. There was no complimentary breakfast or cocktail hour and they even charged me $15 to ship a Fed-Ex package, this didn't include the actual shipping charges. If you are not a Hilton Honors Silver or above they charge $13 a day to use the gym!! The business services offered internet but it was $5 for 15 minutes. All of these services were free at Embassy Suites. There is a street car stop out front of the hotel (if you have the patience to wait for it), it's only $1.25 per ride and will take you down to the French Quarter and you can get passes from the Concierge which seemed helpful. As far as food, everywhere we ate was wonderful, we really enjoyed the French Market Cafe with the live Jazz even during breakfast. If I went back just for fun I'd find a hotel with more perks, but we had a great time overall.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>rustyfankathie
<Content>Recent convention stay       Sunrise on the Mississippi River  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>PGarcia
<Content>Good Choice for Your New Orleans Stay I was booked at the Hilton New Orleans Riverside while I attended a recent conference at the Morial Convention Center. This Hilton property is quite nice and is convenient to the Convention Center and the French Quarter. It's also attached to the Riverwalk via a walkway. While I didn't have a chance to visit Riverwalk, this is another amenity that will appeal to many visiting New Orleans.If you like to gamble, Harrah's right across the street. And, being it's New Orleans, great restaurants abound. You really can't go wrong staying at this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>westchestergal
<Content>It was fine Just got back from a 3 night stay. This hotel is about 25 minute cab ride from airport. Had a comped room through Harrah's. Stayed in the smaller tower, room was good size, clean and quiet. Note they do not allow rollaways due to fire issues (at least this is what we were told) so we were 2 adults and 1 child but could not get rollaway for child. Had a great view of the Mississippi. Hotel is great location, close to casino (across the street), the mall which you can enter without leaving hotel, Saks, Aquarium, Imax (all across street) and the French Quarter. We went to Cafe Du Monde in French Quarter (which you should do at least once) but I wish I had known there was one in mall right under hotel since it was so hot while we were there. Did not eat at hotel but understand restaurant had good grilled oysters, note the restaurant in hotel is closed Sunday but can order room service. Speak of room service we had one night and it was fine, arrived more quickly than most. Chances are you will be eating out most of the time given the food in New Orleans but when you tire of cajun fare it is a convenient option. Staff was fine, was not my experience that they were particularly friendly like other reviewers stated, but they were pleasant enough. Concierge was helpful, nice, but closed early (7 pm) at least on Saturday night. Plenty of cabs were available out front at all times, even at 4:30 am when I had to leave for airport. Overall recommend this hotel if location is your top priority and want a nice mid-level room in which to stay.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Qtrmilecrazy
<Content>Great place for a weekend away!! You get what you pay for. Book a room on the executive level. Yes, it's more expensive but so worth it. Executive level lounge is beautiful with beautiful views. No matter where we went in the hotel EVERYONE, and I mean anyone you came in contact with at the hotel was as pleasant and helpful as they could possibly be. We used and saw everything in the hotel except for the gym area. Just not enough time! Location was great, you are actually on top of the riverwalk. We went for the fireworks show and it was great. Get the bed and breakfast with your room and you can go downstairs and there's a nice full breakfast buffet with a cook who will also cook anything you ask for. Our room was perfect in all areas. This place is HUGE. Almost a city in itself. Walked right next door to Harrahs casino won a lot, but left breaking even both days. Had a great time there too. Eat at Drago's at least once. Food was fabulous as well as the service. Service in the whole place was great! Will stay there again soon!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BlondeMafia224
<Content>Nice, but nothing special I recently stayed at the Hilton Riverside during a girls weekend get away for my birthday. The staff was friendly (there was one female bartender at the lobby bar that was awesome) and the location was great. It was just blocks away from the French Quarter and just across the street from the Harrah's casino.However, the rooms were a little tired. The carpet was pulled up and frayed between the wet bar area and bathroom. The bed linens looked a little dated and the TV was old (aren't flat screens standard almost everywhere now ?). The AC unit in our room was leaking onto the floor and soaked the nearby carpet. We alerted housekeeping to fix the problem, but it was still leaking the next day.Overall, not bad. Just in need of a little updating.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dofre
<Content>OK Nice hotel but they charge for everything -- $1 a bag for the bellhop...$13 to use the gym...$12 for internet access. Makes me crazy to pay Hilton rates and then have to pay for the gym! We also stayed at the hilton by the airport...just as nice...and not so many extra fees  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>otisbailey
<Content>unsafe place I attended a conference in new orleans and had arranged for a late night arrival. Upon arrival in 9:00 p.m., the Hilton had sold my room, along with over 20 other people. We were farmed out to other hotels.I left my camera in the room and it disappeared during the time I was at the conference. The HIlton has refused to reimburse me, even through there was only one entry into the room, other than myself , and that was housekeeping. In fact they have even suggested that I really did not leave the camera there!!!! They have made no effort to even compensate me in some other form, such as a free night, etc. What a place!!!!Take my advice, find another hotel to stay at and there are many others in the same area.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>1	3	3	5	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>mamahama
<Content>Great stay at the HIlton Riverside We stayed at the Hilton Riverside, in New Orleans, for a conference in 2006. It was very nice, and the staff was great, very friendly and helpful. Rooms were very clean and spacious.There was a wonderful roof top Executive Lounge for guests staying on the 29th floor and up, where they served a lovely complimentary continental breakfast, and then cocktails and hors d'oeuvres in the evening, all with a stunning view of the city. There was direct access into the Riverwalk Mall for shopping too. We were there with the National Association of Realtors convention in 2006. They Hilton has a great location with in a few blocks to the French Quarter, and a couple blocks to the Convention Center. We would definately stay again.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>bigllou
<Content>Unbelievable PRICELINE rate at the Hilton Riverside Was staying in NO for three days for a conference and was hoping to get a bargain near the French Quarter. I got more than I bargained for with the Hilton Riverside. My room was very spacious and clean.. I think it was one of the newly remodeled ones. After reading the reviews on this site.. when I checked in asked if I was going to have a remodeled room and the clerk informed me that my room was all set and was a dbl. I would have preferred a single but she informed me that it would be near the pool and on a lower floor.. so I opted to keep what was reserved. Well for 65.00US per night I was totally satisfied!.. and I would stay there again if I can get that rate. I could have saved even more money if I parked at the garage down the street for $10. per day i/o $30. with no in and out.. but I didn't drive while I was there anyway.If you're on an expense account.. stay there. If you're trying to save a buck.. use priceline and hope you get the Hilton.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	5	3	4	3	

<Author>austencasey
<Content>over priced Stayed here in March '08 with my husband for a conference. The parking lot (self park) is a dump. Very dark parking garage with tiny tiny spaces. Or you can valet your car for $34/per day. Yes, $34.00 a day!!! They boast the workout facility as being top notch- and it is very nice, but again costs extra $10 per day. The conference room rate was $260.00 a night for a very basic room with no view. So when you add on the parking fee, the amenities that cost EXTRA, and the taxes, this place adds up fast. Maybe try staying next door at the casino Harrah's. The front desk staff is very nice and helpful. They offer computers in the lobby so you can check in. The bellhops and concierge were very good. But the hotel is way too pricey. Don't go on just the room rate when thinking about this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chilly_h2o
<Content>Average We have stayed at various Hilton properties each year when visiting for Jazz Fest (and occasionally Halloween). As far a New Orleans goes, I am partial to Uptown, but in terms of the downtown hotels where most folks like to stay for convenience reasons, the Hilton Riverside is likely the least bang for you buck.Even with top-tier, Diamond Hilton Honors status, we were given an old, average room on the Executive Floor. The executive lounge is sub-par (even w/ there 10 billion renovation or whatever) AND the executive lounge has a $$$ bar鈥攈a, ha!. The hotel is loud, noisy and crowded. The pool is below average (only visited one of the two). The service is not bad for such a large hotel, but only average for New Orleans where customer service is generally very good in a laid back sort of way. Ever stayed at a Hilton in big tourist destination? If so, you know what to expect. If you want to go with a Hilton brand, The Doubletree and the Embassy Suites are better choices in the exact same area. If you鈥檝e never been to New Orleans, you will be pleasantly surprised how much you enjoy this fine city.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>3	1	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>GlobeHop2006
<Content>Big and impersonal As expected for a Hilton: A big, impersonal hotel that was perfectly adequate for a short business trip. Small room with nice view of the river. Clean and well kept, with a comfortable bed. Nice (but predictably overprices) breakfast buffet.Singularly unhelpful and poorly informed concierge who did little more than give me phone numbers for restaurants, instead of making a recommendation and reservation as I had requested.The level of service and attentiveness of the staff was poor, but it was only as bad as one would expect for a Hilton and for a hotel in a city that is still facing a severe labor shortage. Long lines for check-in, nobody to help with bags, long wait for package delivery.The location is okay, but not great. The convention center is an easy 3-block walk outdoors -- which in May is a steamy 3-block walk outdoors. A few restaurants within walking distance, but the tourist sites and better restaurants are all a taxi ride away.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	1	1	4	

<Author>akisha121
<Content>Great Location, but nothing is included Stayed here for a conference, but also had a bit of fun. The hotel is in a decent location walking distance to everything. The pools are very clean, yet they were doing construction on condos above the pool near the river. This made things a bit noisy. The hotel staff was indifferent although housekeeping did an awesome job.It was a rather lengthy walk to Bourbon Street but we were two females and felt completely safe (even late at night). The mall connected to the hotel was cute. The only bad thing about the hotel is the fact that the internet is $14.95 per day. That is horrible considering most who stay at this hotel are on business.....  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	3	1	

<Author>jh1013
<Content>Can't believe this is a Hilton property. I am staying here to attend a conference held at this hotel, so the accommodations are paid for - $169/night. Let me begin by saying I would not stay here if given the choice.Upon check-in at 9pm Monday night, I asked for a renovated room (due to prior reviews and this fact being published on their website that there are renovated rooms). The receptionist responded with our renovated rooms are currently out of commission - not we don't have any left or your rate does not cover these rooms. I knew this was not true, but I did not think it was worthwhile to argue and took what I got.I walked into a musty room, you know, the humid feeling on a hot day when the fan is blowing but not the air conditioner. To my surprise, the air conditioner was definitely on, but the room still had a very humid feel - it still does.There are stains on the carpet, window curtains, and markings on the walls. One part of the window curtain broke off from the rod so it does not shut all the way (I'm using my hair clip to hold it together). I can't leave the curtains open because I face the courtyard and there are guests across the way. Two of the lamps do not work, I didn't do anything about this since the other lamps provided enough lighting. The shower has one of those cheap shower curtains that blow around and stick to you while you shower. I have even spotted a couple of fruit flies! Worst part is.. the walls are so thin, I could literally hear every single word my neighbor spoke as well as their TV choices.It's a pretty long walk over to the Bourbon St area. It's fine during the day, but I probably wouldn't do it alone at night. There's a mall attached to this hotel, but there's just a bunch of touristy stores that sell miscellaneous items nobody ever buys.I do have one nice thing to say about the room, it's very spacious and seems larger than a standard size hotel room. That's about it.I guess if I got a super cheap rate for this room, I would stay here again, it's not unlivable or anything.. just would not think this room lives up to a Hilton name or 4 stars - maybe a Holiday Inn? One last piece of information to confirm other reviews - you have to pay for the wireless internet and to use the gym.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	2	3	2	

<Author>Dawnky10
<Content>not pet friendly I had booked a nice room for our stay because it was a romantic getaway. I always travel with my dog. On the website it said that pets were allowed for a small fee. When I arrived, I informed the desk clerk to charge me for the pet fee, I did not want to be dishonest. She told me she would have to move me out of the room I booked, and into another room. Well she moved me completley out of the building I had reserved a room in, because it was the pets allowed rooms. The building I was moved too had a horrible mildew odor. The rooms were not very nice and we had to only stay in a double bed room. If I would have known about this I would not have stayed at this hotel. The staff was friendly and the hotel was in a good location.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	1	5	1	3	4	-1	

<Author>TSingh
<Content>Good location Got great price from priceline. Awesome mississippi view.Room was small. But couldn't ask for more with priceline. On the downside gym use was charged, it's a large hotel more aligned for business visitors. Not a bad location especially with streetcar station right next to it. Do walk over next door to IMAX theater and watch 'Hurricane on the Bayou'.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>jmeubanks
<Content>Great Stay! I almost did not stay here because of some of the review on this hotel, but I am glad I did. Hubby was there for business, so our 4 year old daughter  I tagged along. I had never been to New Orleans, so I had no idea where to stay. I knew w/ child that I needed somewhere safe. This was a great hotel! They have 2 pools, very nice decorated lobby, 2 parking decks, awesome fitness center. Our room was in the newly decorated area. Very nice room! Awesome beds! The Hilton Riverside is located right next door to the Aquarium  the Riverwalk Marketplace. It was very safe to take my daughter by myself. One important note-valet parking ($35) was only a few dollars more than self-parking ($29). If you are going to need your car often during the day, self-park. If not, valet!  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>luvtravelNy
<Content>Great Stay My stay at Hilton Riverside Hotel was suprisely great. The reviews of the hotel were mixed and was not looking forward to the hotel. However, my trip was for business and I had no choice but to stay at the hotel (Supervisor booked hotel) Based on the review, I asked for a remodeled room and I must say the room met my needs. The hotel employees were very nice and attentive. The gym was a real gem. The gym had exercise classes and trainers and was free to Hilton Honers silver and above. I worked out with Gary and actually lost weight during my five day stay in New Orleans. The buffet breakfast at Le Croissant was great and very accomdating. They made boiled eggs for me even though it was not on the menu. The hotel is very large and is across the street from the Casino.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nicole_m99
<Content>Great Front Desk Staff A group of friends stayed at the Hilton New Orleans in April and I have to commend the front desk staff for consistently going out of their way to assist in various requests. They were friendly and flexible (found a way to get us a king room when we were originally booked in a double). One member of our party had a minor problem with giving them the wrong credit card to authorize, but the staff worked to get it fixed promptly and even went above and beyond by offering dinner coupons.Rooms were clean and comfortable and view of the river was great. Their executive level offers great views of the city and the river and has complimentary breakfast in the morning and appetizers in the evening. It made for a great place to unwind between day activities and nightlife.I would certainly be back.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Deontas
<Content>Comfortable, Clean Convention Focused Hotel I recently attended a conference at this hotel. Nice thing was the hotel had set up a private web page for our conference, so we didn't have to call the hotel directly to book the rooms. From what I've been told they can do this for any group or convention for free. My room was very modern and clean. It was located on the HHonors floor, so I had access to the HHonors lounge. It was nice to be able to go up there for a quick bite to eat in the morning, but the selection wasn't great - especially if you want something healthy to eat. Yes, there were a few yogurts, a bit of fruit, but there seemed to be a lot more selection of breads, muffins, pastries and donuts. Ambiance and views were very nice though.Convention facilities were very good. Easy to find the meeting rooms and to go from on to another even though some meeting rooms are located on the 1st and 3rd floors.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	2	5	4	

<Author>cambusoil
<Content>Wondeful Place to Stay,Spoil Yourself Went to this hotel during the Jazzfest. Stayed on the executive floor  had a great view of the river and all its traffic.Large modern clean hotel. During the jazz fest the door guys could have organised better transport ie. 4 sharing a cab. I had to walk to another hotel to get this  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pitydafoo
<Content>it's a crapshoot Getting a decent room is a crapshoot. Some of the rooms are standard convention center hotel quality, some are below $40 motel 6 standards. You have to make sure to request one of the remodeled rooms when you make your reservation.Our first night was spent in one of the older rooms. It was way beyond disgusting. Broken curtains, stained carpet, filthy broken tiles with heavily stained grout (especially around the toilet), dark brown stains in the toilet, stains in the sink, wallpaper peeling off the walls, stains on the ceiling, holes in the sheets, mildew covered grout in the shower, etc... etc... Also, each of the older rooms has paper-thin doors on both sides that connect to adjacent rooms. We were going to change hotels until the lady at the front desk told us they have remodeled rooms. She also mentioned that guests complain about the older rooms all the time . . .Really?! The newer rooms are much nicer. (Though, that's not saying much). The hotel has one of the best gyms of any hotel I've ever been to. They also have good business services. In addition, the hotel is very conveniently located. It's a short walk to The F.Q. or St. Charles street car and a very short walk to the Canal street car.Concierges are mediocre.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	1	4	2	3	5	4	

<Author>trinzeon
<Content>still a pretty good value in New Orleans The Hilton Rvierside is a bit dated but still has all the comforts and amenities of a top business hotel. HIlton Honors (Silver and above) have free access to an excellent full service gym onsite including indoor tennis and volleyball. The location is wonderful, with easy walking distance to the French Quarter, The Arts (Warehouse) District, and the Convention Center. New Orleans has completely bounced back, at least in these areas and the financial district, and in fact, I found them even nicer than they were immediately prior to Katrina.The sports bar at the Hilton lacks local cuisine, on the menu, which was surprising. Drago's, the onsite Seaood Restaurant is excellent, much above the standard fare at normal hotels (though this should be an expectation in New Orleans).The staff was friendy and welcoming across the board. From check-in, to the fitness staff, to the restaurant staff, they made a long stay extremely pleasant.One minor thing to consider is the proximity to the train tracks and the river, which each bring a certain brief amount of noise (even on the 23rd floor) but this was not really a problem for me.This is my 5th stay at this hotel, and it remains my hotel of choice in New Orleans.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>TravelPro56
<Content>River view is KEY in otherwise uninspiring downtown hotel A functional but strangely impersonal hotel, which does very little to capitalize on the charms of New Orleans despite a terrific location and some pretty good onsite restaurants. Be sure to request a room with a river view in order to overlook the regular (free to pedestrians) ferry to Algiers, the cruise ship dock, and the Crescent City's storied bend in the mighty Mississippi.The French Quarter is a pleasant walk away, and the aquarium is literally next door. You can also reach the French Quarter easily by streetcar, which has a stop directly outside the hotel. The hotel is connected to the vast Riverwalk shopping area and food court, which is currently at about thirty percent occupancy but still offers plenty of stores, kiosks, and eateries and is a good destination for a hot or rainy day. Watch the closing times, however, since in March practically all the stores were open until only 7 pm. Maybe in the summer and as convention business picks up, the hours will be extended. Flowers were being planted around the two pool areas when we were there in late March, but the pools are both utilitarian and suffer from the same lack of imaginative presentation as the rest of the hotel. Given their exposed locations facing the river, both pool sites are extremely windy as well. If you're looking forward to spending part of your stay in the water or poolside, you can do better in New Orleans than these dreary pool settings.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>DeblostnHawaii
<Content>Elegant, accommodating and comfortable I returned a week ago from New Orleans, Louisiana, and stayed at the Hilton Riverside. The hotel is magnificent and I have to tell you the accommodations, service, and ambience was very good. I was a Hilton Honors member so I chose this hotel on this fact. While arranging my travel, I booked my arrival a couple days before a large convention came in so I could ask for a better room if it wasn't to my expectations. I also asked for a remodeled room facing the river with a king bed since I was traveling alone. A day before I flew out, I confirmed my room and again asked for a newer room with the same booking - and it was as I ordered. Upon arrival I found it was lovely and comfortable, so much that it was hard to get away from the hotel to go to many of my tours and activities. Hilton honors stocks my favorite spa and fragrance brand which is Crabtree and Evelyn, which also added to my positive experience. In fact, many evenings I just stayed in a rested with the several stuffed pillows and comforter on the bed, having been to some of the popular night places. The room was always cleaned well every day (with exception of dust on light fixtures in the bathroom and the desk area). I did lay out $5 per day to the maid service because I thought the maid service did a better job changing out many things like products, clean towels and the service was very nice. I was disappointed when I didn't receive a new morning menu, new stationary or any small touch little things.A few pitfalls with the Riverside:1) Air system is too enclosed and not enough outside air exchange. There are no openings in this hotel, no windows, no air from the outside. I was always stuffed up however, due to the central air system; the filtering system was not kept up so the room was always stuffy. 2) Everything, everything, costs at this hotel and even though you are a Hilton Honors member food costs, no continental breakfasts, no mints on bed. The foodservice is extremely expensive; and housekeeping did not offer any more order tags for breakfast so I didn't order from the restaurant any more than my first morning. There is not a fridge to store any cold items as the stocked food fridge (double priced) will not store guest items. A fridge costs extra. Movies of course cost on a pay per view basis. Vending costs $2.50 each down by the ice machine. The Internet wireless connection costs even if you are a Hilton Honors member at the rate of $5.95 per hour or $14.95 for 24 continual hours (you can not stop and start) so I didn't use it only for an hour. The Hilton Riverside did not have an exit survey which I was a little skeptical as to why? The short survey upon checkout using the TV remote was out of service. The Honors Program didn't allow for full health club access but I walked around the city too much to worry about this small detail.The two pools were lovely, especially the one facing the river. I saw that it was not used as much as expected. The health center's pool was very busy! The health center was way in the far distance of the Hilton complex and I did take time to tour it and enjoy a short walking workout. The bell boys were very sloooow, and never came to retrieve my luggage when called before checkout. There were not enough personnel at the concierge desk so if a guest were to call downstairs instead of waiting in line for a question or tour assistance, they would pick up the phone and hang it up (i.e. you would get a dead line). When you do reach them the women are sincerely helpful, but the older gentleman is rather too cantankerous for my taste. Restaurants were great, and they even accommodated to go orders for hotel guests. What I really loved about the Hilton Riverside was its location in the New Orleans tourist section of the city. The Hilton was connected to a lower level Mall called the 'Riverwalk. You enter 1 and 2 stories down to what actually is river level or ground floor, into a half a mile or so of over 130 stores! The mall also connected to the convention center so if I needed to walk that direction I could do so in air conditioning! The Hilton is next to the Aquarium, IMAX theatre, and Harrah鈥檚. Even though I had a Harrah鈥檚 promotion package I only gamed once due to Harrah's internal air - too smoky for me. All things asside, I thought the Hotel and room was of excellent value while in New Orleans.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>lapintura
<Content>great stay I was in New Orleans for a convention (who isn't?) and after reading the lackluster reviews of this hotel, I was not looking forward to my stay. I was very pleasantly surprised. I had a late arrival and, rather than discovering that the room was gone, they had upgraded my room! The room that I was given was lovely and had all the ammenities that I could hope for. In addition, both the bar and Drago's Restaurant were good. The broiled oysters alone make a return trip a necessity. The hotel location was good - within a decent walk to the Warehouse District and the French Quarter and lots of great places to eat. I would defintely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>jdbird
<Content>Good Location-good "homebase" Nice place. HUGE! We stayed in room 4092 in this hotel. There were some stains on the carpet and the drapes didn't close all the way but other than that it was a good place to stay. The staff was very friendly and we could walk all over the French Quarter and warehouse district. The street car was located right by the hotel and there is a Cafe du Monde in the the mall below.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>juatice
<Content>Hated the Hilton Hotel Riverside in New Orleans I was very disapointed with my stay at the Hilton Hotel Riverside New Orleans. I checked out early. When I made my reservation, I was asked what type of room I wanted. I requested a King Delux smoking room. When I arrived I was told they didn't have one available. Why ask me, if you are not going to give me what I asked for. I don't mine paying. I just want what I ask for. I got a room with two double beds. I DID NOT WANT THAT. How would you feel paying for something you don't want? I have been waiting for an E-Mail or a letter asking me about my stay,I never received one. I will never ever stay at another Hilton Hotel.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	3	5	1	-1	3	

<Author>NorthernZoe
<Content>Needs work I stayed in room 5064 for a conference held in NO. The room was showing its age. Stained carpet and drapes wouldn't close. I was charged $289 + taxes for a room that could have been so much more. I'm assuming there must be renovated ones in the complex but I didn't receive one.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	2	3	3	3	

<Author>LCOE01
<Content>It was merely ok. Far from phenomenal. Stayed at the Hilton for a conference. I will give the Hilton credit, they managed three or four conferences at once with ease. The rooms on the other hand, could use an update on the tower that faces the canal. There were no frills and it was definitely not worth the $200+ per night.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	2	4	3	1	

<Author>pincheron
<Content>nothing fancy We pricelined a room at the hotel for about 75$ a night, the going rate was about $260 a night! few nice things about this hotels: great location - right on the river and next to the Harrah's, the staff was very friendly and helpful and there are alot of dining options in the hotel.The room was fine, the bed was very very comfortable and they had HBO available. they need to work on the carpet, in our room it was old looking and stained. The walls are paper thin, we could hear the guy in the next room like he was in ours. I recommend to stay on a lower floor, the water pressure is terible on the higher floors.If you park at the hotel, expect to pay 29$ per day for it! you can get a pass from the front dest so you wont have to wait in the exit line. wifi was 15$ a day.All in all I cant complain, the room was fine and you cant beat a 75$ a night rate, but I am not sure I would pay 260$ for it.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	5	5	4	

<Author>cactus_pete
<Content>a week in NOLA Stayed here for 4 days during the Pittsbugh Conference (Pittcon). Hotel is huge, right on the Mississsippi River. Walking distance to Harrahs (across the street), the Convention Center (5 min walk), and the French Qtr (10 min walk). There is also a shopping center attached to the hotel. Rooms were clean, view is good if you are high on the river side. Lots of bars and restaurants in the hotel and nearby. Not the cheapest, but good selection. This part of NO looks good, lots of the hotels were remodeled after the storm. French Qtr is entertaining, but still seedy. All and all, a good time.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>maximus217
<Content>Either You Love It or Hate It Let's start with the good things:The hotel has a great location especially if you are attending a convention. It is at the end of Poydras St and Canal St. The Canal Trolley ends at this hotel. The registration lobby of the hotel is located on the second floor and the Executive Floor registration is located on the 29th floor. The registration clerk on the 29th floor was nice enough to accommodate our request to have a city view.Now the bad things about our stay:We are located in the 24th floor. I hope the room we are placed has not been renovated. If it is, I cannot see anything in our room that was renovated. The carpet has stain, and the nails in the headboard is protruding though the wood. The bed skirt is nasty, and the wallpaper is peeling. The breakfast on the 29th floor is adequate. Nothing to praise about. If you need to workout and you are a non-Hilton member, you have to pay $12 per day. What do you get? A small place to workout and no space to move around. Don't even think of taking a shower in the locker room. The shower floor has soap scums and hair. The locker room itself smell of an old wet towel since they put a carpet in the locker room. If you do take a shower, you have better bring your slippers or your feet will get hurt on the mat they placed by the shower room.Overall, it's a place to stay, but don't except too much.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	2	1	2	

<Author>mombytheC
<Content>Renovated Rooms fine...dealing with staff a pain I stayed in this hotel for 10 days this month. We were concerned after reading some of the prior reviews and requested that the hotel put us in one of the renovated rooms. (We had trouble finding a hotel due to the city being almost entirely booked for the NBA All Stars game.) To our relief the room was nice, clean, and we had access to the club lounge for breakfasts and snacks. The views were great. It was very nice to be connected to the Riverwalk and close to the Canal Street Shops...if you like to shop. The hotel is close to the Aquarium/IMAX also. The Quarter is not far. We usually just drove down to one of the parking lots near the Brewery to park and walk the Quarter.Like one of the previous reviewers, I also noted the rather shabby comforters between flat sheets and that every time we let down the comfoter to get in bed, the flat sheets they tried to cover the matress with came undone. The beds otherwise were very comfortable. The only other problem with the room is that there is no safe for your valuables. We found that kind of odd for a $300 plus a night hotel with a four star reputation. You have to leave your valuables at the front or take them with you.Our major problem with Hilton-Riverside was (and continues to be) that we tried to switch our charges from one credit card to another. I went ahead of my husband on this trip and did not bring the credit card that we usually use for such expenses. I was told that it would be no problem to switch over to his card after he arrived. Well....it has been nothing BUT a problem. Four trips to the lobby and several phone calls later...they are STILL posting charges to the original card even though they keep telling us that it's been taken care of. If you are careful to handle this properly upon check-in, then this would not be a problem for you. However, if you have any problems with your hotel bill....it may be a major headache to get it resolved. We have stayed at several other New Orleans hotels in the past year or so that I believe are a much better value. The Loews Hotel is quite nice, for example. The city is so interesting and fun....and I think the Hilton Riverside will be a nice place to stay if they can get a little better handle on dealing with problems like the one we are having with our bill. The staff responsible for handling these issues seem so unconcerned that is almost maddening. Then again...this is the Big Easy....  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	5	4	1	2	4	

<Author>thiswaythatway
<Content>A Rip Off Around Every Corner I stayed at the Hilton Riverside last week for a professional conference and was very disappointed with the property management and how the hotel gouges customers for things that are free at many lesser hotels. Maybe I just don't understand hotel logic as to why, when they are already charging $350 a night per room, they also add on $15 a day for WiFi, $12 a day for using the exercise room and $20 for an omelet, but it seems if less-expensive hotels can provide those services without additional charge on rooms that are cheaper to begin with then Hilton should be able to shine. Otherwise the desk personnel were pleasant, but there were problems with the meeting set-ups (not enough chairs/tables for functions, break refreshments served late). Our room was very small and cramped but the housekeeping was very good, nice beds and toiletries. The hotel location is good as well, close to the French Quarter but not in it if you want some quiet. I would certainly not stay at this hotel again willingly but would find somewhere that provides a better value.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	4	4	4	4	1	

<Author>blondemommy05
<Content>Better than I expected I just stayed at the Hilton New Orleans Riverside for 4 days with my husband and toddler son (2/13 - 2/17). After reading the most recent reviews I was concerned since we were heading down during a busy time - the NBA All Stars weekend (but not why we were in NOLA).I was pleasantly surprised when after a horrible experience with American Airlines, which forced us to be in transit for over 12 hours and check in well after midnight, we had a room and in fact were upgraded to the Executive Level. I had made sure to call the hotel twice as our journey progressed and was happy to find they were on top of the situation.At check in, they could not find my name in the computer (even though I had called twice to check on the res). Once I presented her with my confirmation printout, there were no further computer glitches. And we were each offered a free bottle of water. While the requests I had made on line in advance were not in the computer (refrigerator and 1 liter standing water) we were accomodated with a refrigerator within 15 minutes of getting into the room. Upon entering the room after check-in we also were greeted with 4 small bottles of Pellegrino on the desk along with a dish of hard candy and a welcome note from the GM. We were upgraded from a Deluxe King room to an Executive Club King room. I believe you get a free upgrade if available when you reserve with a Hilton frequent traveler account number. Having those executive privileges for free coffee, danish, milk and bagels in the morning was a God-send considering we were traveling with a toddler. And one evening my son actually consented to eat dinner peacefully while he sat right next to the windows and looked out at the city/bridge from the panorama window view of the Exceutive Lounge on the 29th floor.Otherwise, I have to say again that I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of service we received in the hotel. The room was immaculate and kept well. We had no problems with anything in the room. Although the lamps are on some sort of delay switch, so that took some getting used to. We had a lovely view of the city from the 24th floor, which I didn't mind. It's not the first time I've been to NOLA so I don't need the tourist hoopla. And we definitely could not hear the train from our floor.My only issue with the room is - they do not have comforters befitting a $300+ pricetag during special events. The comforter on the bed was an old, worn white comforter which was enrobed in two flat sheets, thereby hidden from less discerning travelers. Also, they did not use fitted sheets on the mattress, so when I'd pull down the comforter, the flat sheet would pull away from the mattress. I wasn't happy about this, but everything seemed clean and the bed was made nicely otherwise, so what could I do other than to remember to mention it on TripAdvisor?We ate at Dragos one night. I highly recommend the charbroiled (chargrilled?) oysters. They were delicious and basically all my husband ate for dinner that night.The taxi stand attendant was prompt and courteous. And the hotel is nicely situated equidistant from the Warehouse District/CBD/French Quarter.Even with the mania of the NBA All Stars game and the post-Katrina woes, I have to say the Hilton comes out on top. I'd stay there again and would recommend it to fellow travelers if they don't mind walking a few blocks to get to the Quarter.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>blpeter
<Content>Beware My family and I booked our stay through Harrahs (Total Rewards) for the 1st weekend of Mardi Gras. My daughter was meeting me in New Orleans for the weekend and when she attempted to check -in was told that the reservation had been cancelled by Harrahs. After at least 6/7 phone calls to Harrahs and the Hilton the reservation was finally reinstated. We were placed in the wing of the hotel which was older (up the escalator near the front desk) and the rooms had not been renovated since the Katrina disaster. The carpet was old and dirty (faded green). There was no comforter or bedskirt on the bed. I called housekeeping and was told that was the new standard. I replied NO BEDSKIRT???? We then discovered that the base of the lamp was broken and the light in the bathroom did not work. I called the front desk and they sent a maintenance person up. He informed us that the light could not be fixed without rewiring. He left residue from his dirty workboots and matter from the light fixture in the bathtub (which he didn't attempt to clean up). My husband went down to the front desk to complain and informed the staff that we would be checking out and expected a full refund. We were immediately given another room in the newly renovated tower. My question was, if availability wasn't an issue, then why was I given a room with should awful conditions. No one could answer this question. Other than the Hilton being located acrros from the casino and next to the mall, there really isn't a draw for this hotel.In the future I will always ask for a room in the tower and if I can't get it, I will not stay at this property.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>casey66
<Content>Bad, Bad, Bad I booked my stay in October, and paid a one night deposit. I am a HiltonHonors member. We arrived at the hotel at 5:45 pm to find that there were no rooms left other than smoking or a hospitality room with no beds. The front desk staff was attrocious in how they communicated this problem to the guests. Some were hostile from the get-go, and were offering different guests different deals, I'm not sure if they thought we were all deaf, stupid, or both. The woman next to me was given keys to a smoking room (although she had clearly booked a non smoking and had the proof). When she realized what had happened, she pointed out the discrepency to the staff member, who then proceeded to argue with her and claimed that the room had been booked as smoking all along. When I asked for a manager after being told that I could stay (at full price) in a room with no beds, the staff member exited stage right, then returned and said she had spoken to the manager and could offer me 50% off the room for that night. Meanwhile, the people on the other side of me were being told that they would not be charged at all for the night. When I pointed out this fact to her, she then walked stage right, and brought over the manager (who did not have Manager written anywhere on his nametag). He then agreed to comp me for the night. After agreeing to stay on a rollaway in a hospitality suite the first night, many of us were put off until well after normal check-in the next day before our 'new rooms were ready. If New Orleans, and specifically this hotel, wants to increase tourism, they need to RE-TRAIN the staff at the front desk, and update their booking software. I could also go on to elaborate on the shortcomings of the room we did receive the next day, but suffice it to say that clearly the staff was not trying to make it up to us. At least it had beds and I did not need to interact with the lackluster and, in some cases, rude and hostile, staff.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>TravelingLawyer2
<Content>Your typical Hilton experience The Hilton remains a good though unremarkable and charmless choice for those seeking easy access to the French Quarter, a stroll along the Mississippi, the convention center, the nearby casino and Canal Street. The rooms are unremarkable and musty, some public spaces need updating and the staff is uneven but generally friendly.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>MAK_DC
<Content>Don't waste your time or money This hotel is a pitiful example of a Hilton Property. Prior to even arriving, I had multiple charges I'd never agreed to on my credit card - a month in advance - for deposits that in no way corresponded to the room rate or the room rate + tax. It took four long phone calls over two days to get this resolved. Upon arrival I discovered that there are two sections - one renovated, one not. I'd like to say - just make sure you ask for the renovated section but it won't help. My colleague and I had separate rooms in the renovated section. My room - the phones were static-filled and often cut out and the buttons didn't work. Housekeeping left trash on the floor, forgot to replenish things like creamer for coffee, and I placed a wake up call that never came. In my colleagues room, the rug was not put down properly and bubbled up in sections, the shower didn't work properly, the sink sprayed water everywhere, In addition, she had a broken lamp that left the lightbulb laying directly against the lamp shade. There is no fitness room - although it is listed on their website. There is a health club but you will have to pay an additional $12/day + tax charge to use it - so if you're looking for just looking for a treadmill to workout in the morning, it's going to get awfully pricey. Customer service is atrocious - it took days for my colleague to get the issues with her room resolved - and even then it was hardly satisfactory. I travel often and have stayed at many hiltons and similar hotels - this does not meet the standards and there are far superior hotels in New Orleans within blocks of this one that will be far less problematic.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	2	1	2	

<Author>RobRoy47
<Content>Short Busness Stay The Hilton Riverside is a very nice hotel, and very well located. I was there for a business weekend of meetings. Where the hotel falls down is on the details. Getting up in the morning, I found only decaf coffee in the room. When I went to make a pot anyway, I discovered the coffee packets of the prior resident. The desk sent up regular coffee. Several of us stopped at the bar for a small libation early one evening. Six of us stood there for 30 minutes, and finally flagged the bar tender. She said she would get to us soon, and did so 20 minutes later!The rooms were well laid out, and seemed clean. The hotel did an excellent job with our meeting rooms, In short, it falls short of the Hilton name  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	4	2	5	

<Author>teachermomVirginia
<Content>Loved It! I visited here in the summer of '06 for a friend's wedding and honestly was a little apprehensive about what I was getting myself into. I loved the hotel! Booked the room somewhat last minute but got a great room with a beautiful view of the Mississippi. I loved the location, not just for the views but also for the ability to walk to the nearby aquarium and to the French Quarter. I might have felt differently when I was younger but with a kid in tow for the wedding, I was just as glad not to be in close proximity to Bourbon Street. Check-in and staff were great, very professional, and helpful at all times. My daughter tripped on the escalator coming downstairs and one of the front-desk staff rushed over to make sure she was okay (just scared) and to cheer her up with some Mardi Gras beads. Maybe people were just glad to have visitors (we were there when one of the colleges was just resuming classes at the hotel and the ALA was holding the first convention post-Katrina). Despite the busy schedule, we really enjoyed the visit and the hotel.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>businesstraveller2
<Content>nice room broken lamps meeting rooms are musty stayed here for a conference. Got a room with a view, two double beds instead of the king I booked, but at least got nonsmoking. i called ahead to ask for no feathers in room, and this was not done when I got there. Had to wait a while for housekeeping.Two lamps in the room were broken and had to be replaced. This also took a while. Room service was OK. Meeting rooms on first floor smell musty. This was also the case before katrina so it was probably not from the storm.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	3	3	2	2	

<Author>flyingspurtle
<Content>loved this hotel and New Orleans Had a great stay in a great hotel in a fantastic city. The rooms were so very comfortable and the bed was like sleeping on a cloud. Everything in the room worked as it should and the decor was clean and smart. The hotel is in a prime position for sight seeing and only a short walk to the historic French Quarter.Breakfast was fresh and plentiful with the buffet being constantly monitored and topped up. Service was relaxed and unrushed. Booked a trip on a paddle steamer with the hotel and we had a great afternoon out followed by a meal at the 300 club which was recommended by the hotel and it was well worth it. If you haven`t been then you have to visit New Orleans. Any pre-conceptions that you have about the city being dangerous are totally unfounded. Just use your common sense and enjoy the atmosphere and friendly people.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>Gomerel
<Content>A few quibbles I agree in general with the many positive remarks. The following are some concerns we had:Check-in was very chaotic. This may have been due in part to the large group of alumni for a football game. But we were very frustrated.Breakfast service in the Kabby's sports bar was extremely slow. It was almost as though they were trying to make sure that we ordered the buffet the following day. (We did not.) Service in the evening was much faster despite being a lot busier. Prices seemed high to me.We also ate twice at Drago's seafood restaurant. My companion had chicken and pasta dishes both times. She said they were both good. One time, I had gumbo. I found it thin and super-salty. The next time, I had what I would call Thai oysters - coated in peanuts and red pepper. It was good. Service was good.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	1	-1	-1	

<Author>randallbellaire
<Content>Excellent Service Stayed 6 days in Oct/07 for a conference. Checkin was efficient and accurate. The rooms was clean and well appointed and exactly as booked. Maid service was excellent, usually 2X per day. Hotel restaurant is good if you can't make it out for dinner. Excellent Starbucks style coffee bar. Good sports bar for watching games and catching lunch or a drink. Hotel is very convienent to the convention center and Harrah's. Harrah's is literally across the street. Hotel is served by the trolley that runs between the French Quarter and the convention center, $1.25 each way. It is a few blocks to walk to the quarter, take the shortcut thru Harrah's Casino and save yourself an extra block of walking. Overall our stay was excellent at this hotel and would recommend it if you dont want to stay in the French Quarter itself or it is great if you are going to the convention center, a short 2 block walk although our conv. provided bus service. Taxis readily available and not expensive. You have two choices on room locations, the high rise section or the 4 story blocks of rooms that are right on the river, both are nice. The Riverwalk Mall, Aquarium, and IMAX are very close to this hotel. We usually stay in the Quarter but since we would be spending a lot of time at the convention center we chose this hotel, glad we did. Probably higher priced then other hotels but nice amenities included. Overall a great stay, glad to see New Orleans getting back on it's feet. If you visit the Quarter or convention center area you wont notice any difference pre/post Katrina. Took a tour of Nawlins via bus and there are still many neighborhoods that have not recovered, but this doesnt effect you if your doing the tourist thing in the Fr. Quarter or attending a conference. All the great restaurants have reopended, Emeril's, K-Pauls, Del Monico's etc. we enjoyed them all with great service.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MomsTravelingAgain
<Content>Close to many things and great views       18th floor room view  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Zoke2
<Content>Deserves way better ratings!!!!       Hilton Riverside room in the  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Naupaka
<Content>Nice hotel, service was OK       The closet is super tiny-just a sliver in the wall.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Crysha
<Content>Inconsistent Service, but Generally Good Stay I travel quite a bit on business and have some proficiency in determining what is generally good service and what is horrible and then I have my own personal preferences. Here's my experience at the Hilton.First, arrival was confusing because guests arrive on the ground level and then check-in on a second level. The Hilton is a HUGE hotel with separate elevator banks for separate floors and a variety of wings/towers so I would advise that if there's time, to walk around the hotel to familiarize yourself with the layout. If you're in a hurry or trying to meet someone, it could be inconvenient. For example, if you like to workout at the (overly priced) gym on-site, it may take you about 10 minutes to get from the Riverside Tower to the other side just for a quick workout. Also, the hotel is next to the train tracks, so if a train passing in the night is bothersome, you might want to bunk elsewhere.Once at check-in, staff was pleasant and efficient. When I asked to change rooms, they responded immediately to my request. They did question me closely about my request, but responded nevertheless.The hotel is convenient to many stores and restaurants and adjacent to the river. The problem is that most stores close at 6PM, so no after work shopping at the mall that is adjacent to the hotel. BTW, the bell staff provided incorrect instructions on how to get to the mall through the hotel to 3 different people on 5 separate occasions. So, explore for yourself.Other issues that were simple annoyances included the unhelpful valet staff. There's a place to stand to get taxis, but they look over at you and don't help. So, when you go over to try to get a taxi yourself, they tell you you can't. The cleaning staff was not attentive to detail nor were they consistent in their cleaning. For example, they didn't always replace the plastic for the ice bucket or coffee supplies or toiletries so I had to resort to overt displays to show that these things needed replacing. Finally, my toilet stopped up on two occasions and overflowed once. But for the fact that I knew how to turn off the water to the toilet, I would have been floating one whole evening! Maintenance responded quickly on both occasions and addressed the problem. Overall, the Hilton Riverside provided above average service, but for some inconsistencies and inconveniences.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>jagdog
<Content>Gorgeous Hotel! Stayed here for a night on business, great location to the Convention Center and Harrah's. Not my first choice for the Quarter or a game at the Superdome. The hotel was really nice. Wish I was there longer to explore it as there were so many things going on in there. My room was average size, I had a view of the river (nothing to get excited about), and it was perfect as far as I could tell. Not sure how anyone could rate this 1star but they are probably saying the same about me.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	3	2	

<Author>pattycakes212
<Content>wow hilton riverside great hotel!!!! my mom and i stayed at the hilton riverside from oct 11 thru oct 14 we had a ball. the room had a great view of the mississippi river, the room condition was just fine no complaints here. the french quarter is in walking distance, and harrahs casino is right across the street. inside of harrahs is a great club and the buffet is good but pricey. we took the hurraine katrina tour very informative. overall our trip was fine and i will visit this hotel again, in fact i already made reservation for next year. great fun and good time had. new orleans is on the rise again.p.s. kabby sports bar is a good deal located in the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kews12
<Content>average stay Not very luxurious accomodations, but average and mostly clean. The staff was not helpful at all. We had issues at check-in because they had misplaced our payment. The concierge was useless, the only recommendations she would make were the hotel restaurants. Le Crossaint which is their breakfast and lunch rest. had horrible service as well. Not the level of service expected but could stay there again if necessary.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>pacisco
<Content>Great room and view - no fridge access unless paying extra $$ The room and service was great! We went with a package deal through South West - with freebie coupons. Good price. My only complaint is the bar cabinet has a plastic tie on it - with a sign saying it is electronically monitered - therefore if you break the tie you could be charged. We only would have enjoyed the option of using the fridge without being charged.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>04274108
<Content>Excellent Stay The hotel was in a great location (5 minute walk to the French Quarter and beside the Riverside walk and casino). Hotel room was spotless and quiet there was not a lot of noise from traffic. Would stay again in an instant.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>rmwhitt
<Content>Great riverside location = views GO TO NEW ORLEANS and try [---] for a hotel bargain! I nabbed the 4* Hilton Riverside for $48 per night (in the past I've gotten the JW Marriott and the Intercontinental for around $58 per night).Hilton is a huge hotel right by the Mississippi River, across from Harrah's. While it's a half-dozen blocks from the French Quarter, the hotel is right next to Riverwalk mall and a nice walk along the river walkway to the French Quarter.My king room in the tower building was a good size, nicely appointed, great pillows, good sized bathroom with Crabtree and Evelyn toiletries. My 13th floor room overlooked Harrah's and a view of the city--much better than a view of parking lots as I've had in other 4* hotels in NOLA. The room A/C did not adjust below 68 degrees--sometimes the room felt like it needed to be a degree or two lower. The pool in my tower building was closed for repairs so I had to hike to the other building (buildings were connected)--but it was SO worth it! The pool area was pristine and large and overlooked the Mississippi. I turned my lounge chair to the river and watched the barges and boats pass by--a lovely way to cool down after a hot day in NOLA.Hotel self parking was $25 per night. (Harrah's across the street was $25 for valet parking). Street parking a few blocks from the hotel was pretty easy to find, especially since there was no charge at the meters on the weekend.The hotel has a couple of restaurants--Kabby's Sports bar seemed very popular. Sunday Brunch at Kabby's (with a river view) was nice but overpriced at $38 per person--save your money and find a breakfast spot in the Quarter (Petunia's) or uptown (Camilla Grill, Blue Bird Cafe on Magazine St) for a better and more local breakfast.I would stay here again, good location, good service, good room.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tiffdaigle
<Content>Lovely Hotel, Horrible Valet Staff       Lobby  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	5	4	4	2	4	

<Author>Tracyb433
<Content>Loved the Hilton Riverside       Gator at the Aquarium  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>YBL
<Content>My fear almost ruined my experience Okay okay okay!!! I am sick and tired of this place getting a bad rap! I was so scared when I touched down in the airport, that a nice old lady had to calm my nerves. I had visions of looting and rioting and gunshots gallor! The wildwest is what this place was painted to be. SO NOT TRUE! Though the conference rooms still smell like mildew, the sleeping accomodations were decent. I only saw one bug (roach) my first night. Now, that is not a good thing, but I expect that at a hotel that size! Can't get all of them, plus some of the people who stayed there could have brought them:) The beds were nice and soft and I loved the restaraunt Draco (or drago). It is over priced, but what do you expect in a hotel. The room service was top of the line and they cleaned my bathroom spotless each morning and made my bed up flawlessly every morning. They had security, but I didn't feel unsafe at all. I live 15 minutes outside of DC, so for New Orleans to get such a bad rap is unfair. Don't be a fool though, you aren't in a 100 percent safe place, but if you have good sense, use it and you'll be okay!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>countryniki
<Content>Wonderful place to stay! This was one of the cleanest, nicest hotels we have ever stayed in. The staff was very nice and accomadating, we will definitely stay here again. It is so nice to see New Orleans has come back from such a tragedy.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>udhoopsfan
<Content>Above Average Overall a very nice 4-night hotel experience.Pros: nice location, clean, relateively safe area, courteous and responsive staff.Cons: small/dinky pool, expensive to park.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>alyson003
<Content>Just okay. Hall noises were annoying. I stayed here about 10 years ago and this was my first return since and not much has changed. Except I will say the bed was very comfortable. My main problem was all the noises I could hear. We could hear the neighbor's TV and it was so loud that in the middle of the night I had to call the front desk to see if they could get them to turn it down, which they did, only to be turned back on a few hours later. Also our room was near the ice machine and at first I didn't know what the noises were until we went to go get ice. So I got to hear that all night too. Overall the hotel was clean and in a good location, but if you go here definitely try getting a room without an adjoining door and far far away from the ice machine. Oh and I could actuallly check out on the tv. It seems that rarely works in some hotels.I think there are better options in the area for even better rates** I would recomend eating the char-broiled oysters at the newly opened Drago's at the bottom of the hilton. They are excellent!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>AmandaQ
<Content>Shabby, lackadaisical about security, "lost" my payment  1. Security issues. They were having a problem with the room keys when I stayed, and on four different occasions (during a six-night stay) I had to either get my key reactivated at the front desk or be let into my room by security. On three of those four occasions, I was not asked for any ID. Of those three times, only once was I even asked for my name. When I suggested to one of the desk clerks that she should have asked for my ID, I got a blank look to indicate that she couldn't imagine why.2. Billing issues. Two days before I was scheduled to depart, I got a check-out bill under my door that indicated that the charges were going to be billed to my credit card. This disturbed me not only because I needed to stay two more nights, but also because I had paid in full by check upon arrival. I attempted to straighten this out with the front desk and was told it would be taken care of, but the clerk couldn't look at the reservation at the moment because the computer was down. While I wasn't kicked out of the room (so apparently the check-out date issue was resolved), the double-billing issue was not resolved, and I got another statement on the morning of my actual check-out indicating, again, that the room  tax would be billed to my credit card. I tried to straighten this out at the front desk again. Supposedly the manager was going to look into it, but when I came back an hour later, he still hadn't found my payment--even though I had given the front desk worker my receipt. I had to leave for the airport with the issue still unresolved, and the manager was supposed to call me. More than 24 hours later, I still have not heard from him, even though I called the hotel and left a message.3. The so-called deluxe rooms are very shabby. The first one I was in didn't even have any natural light. It did have a window, but it only looked out on an inside wall. I moved and was given a room where train whistles could be clearly (and loudly) heard day and night. Both rooms had maintenance/repair problems like torn-up carpeting, small holes/dents in the walls, and (in one) a sliding closet door that was loose and didn't slide back and forth. Also, the deluxe rooms were much less conveniently located than the standard rooms. If you do have to stay here for some reason, don't get ripped off (or more so, I should say) by springing for the deluxe room.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>hvhay
<Content>Very nice stay at the Hilton Riverside I just returned from a conference in New Orleans and stayed at the Hilton Riverside. I enjoy staying in nice hotels so I was very concerned about the many terrible reviews I read here on Tripadvisor鈥攂ut it was really fine. The furniture and linens seemed to be brand new, the shower was great, and the staff were all very pleasant. The Hilton鈥檚 coffeeshop-type restaurant was not awesome, but with so many great restaurants in town you should not have to rely on it too heavily. The location is great鈥攚ithin walking distance of the French Quarter鈥攁nd although I spent a lot of time at my conference I still got to get out and see some of the city. I might not have stayed here if I had been on vacation, but I highly recommend it for business travelers.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>TheRealTravelDiva
<Content>It was okay. This was an okay stay. The bed and pillows were great, but the bed spread and the dust ruffle were old, torn, and stained. The bathroom made me feel gross! Lots of stains on the floor, tub, and sink. Room service also left much to be desired. The food from Kabby and Le Croissant was over-priced and luke warm. However, the food from Drago's was amazing. I did have a lovely view of the Mississippi, and the Bell Staff and Front Desk Staff were great. This did not affect me, but my friend complained, so I thought I'd mention this: This hotel did not seem to be too handicapped friendly or great for families with kids in strollers. Lots of escalators and not all the escalators were turned on. Some of the elevators are readily accessible, but not all.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>lknix3311
<Content>WONDERFUL I booked the Hilton and then someone told me to go to this site to read the reviews, I was really concerned after readingabout how bad the Hilton was, well I have to disagree with most of them. I am very particular about the Hotels that I book. I expect a 5 star to be a 5 star and to my expectations that is what we experienced.We had reservation for my husbands 40th birthday at the Hilton and were very pleased with our accommodations. The Rooms were perfectly clean, and spacious staff very polite and more then helpful. The beds were fantastically comfortable, could not have asked for a better room. The views were amazing. We loved the fact that the Hilton connected to the river-walk and the hotel was in walking distance from many attractions. The restaurants were wonderful and having Starbucks in the hotel is a really big plus..Not to mention that the coffee in the room was really good also. The price of the hotel was wonderful,and we would recommend this hotel to all family and friends.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>learjet25d
<Content>Great stay thanks to Harrah's       Gay District on Bourbon Street  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>BrendaSpiess
<Content>Poor customer service / not doing thier part to draw tourism We were a walk in with no reservation. We found out the next morning that we were charged a $50.00 extra fee because we did not have a reservation. Is this even legal? Anyway, the hotel had plenty of available rooms so I felt this was gouging. So far, the hotel has not made it right.Overall, we stayed in a standard king room. It was comfortable but not what I would expect for the price paid. The hotel is very big but in general decent shape. This hotel does not have any charm or romance fator as it is cookie cutter. Parking is expensive and not included in the room price. Customer service has alot to be desired at this property. We did not experience good customer service at any spot including the restaurant, front desk, or valet. For a city that is trying to draw tourism, this hotel is NOT doing its part. In fact, it is working against the effort. I would not recommend it, when there are many other places to stay in New Orleans with more charm and hospitality.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>GoingEverywhere
<Content>Nice Views... OVERVIEW: The Hilton is a big hotel! So when we needed a room during Jazzfest, it wasn't hard to find one here. The Hilton is close to Harrah's Casino and about three blocks to Canal Street and the entrance to the French Quarter. Its location means you can get a nice room with a relatively close-up view of the Mississippi River. It's one of the most interesting views in the city. Overall, the hotel is very nice -- about what you'd expect from a big, full service convention hotel. No surprises and completely comfortable.EXECUTIVE FLOOR REVIEW: As a Hilton Honors member, I was given an upgrade to one of the executive floors, which also give access to the 29th floor lounge. The lounge is a comfortable place to simply kick back and take in the view. It's also where the hotel serves a complimentary continental breakfast. But by the time we arrived, the food was pretty well picked over. It was also packed with people, with no immediate place to sit. Part of this could have been remedied by stretching out breakfast hours past 10AM (on a Sunday!!). The rooms are on higher floors, which mean better views, and there are nice bathrobes in these rooms. But I'd suggest you take the executive room only if offered, and not pay for an upgrade yourself. It isn't worth the price.SAVE MONEY: We booked on the hotel's website and paid dearly for our room during Jazzfest --- about $220. Our friends booked through Priceline, would up at the same hotel on the same night, and only paid $65. Sure, they were on a lower floor and missed the free breakfast... but they saved over $150. Of course, this isn't an option if your heart is set on the Hilton (you don't know where you'll stay on Priceline).  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>compassquest
<Content>OK...if you are staying there comped by Harrah's The hotel has not been renovated since Katrina except for linens. It is clean but could use an updating. The restaurant menu is limited. Some staff are fine, while others ignore the guest completely. I stayed there complimentary, but doubt I would pay for the room  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>2	4	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Philimare
<Content>Old and dirty - far from a 5 star I stayed there 4 nights at the end of April 2007 and the experience was less than average.1) Rooms are of a good size but so old and dirty.2) The hotel is huge and has absolutely no charm whatsoever3) service is extremely poor (i even had no housekeeping on two days out of four !!!!)4) you have to queue for everything : check-in, elevator, breakfast etc...5) most of the equipement in and out of the room are out of order and nobody care about it.Except for the price, not a five stars at all.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	1	3	1	

<Author>woodee
<Content>Nice hotel, watch out for the thin walls Spent the weekend here, staff was pleasant, the location is good (across the street from the casino) but the walls were very thin. Avoid the rooms adjacent to the elevators shaft... unless you enjoy the bass rumble of a semi truck reverberating through your pillow all night.  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	2	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>curiousjayu
<Content>great location, overall good experience I recently stayed here for a conference. This was my first trip to NO. I was very satisfied with my experience at the hotel. I found the rooms to be perfectly clean, sizeable, and I was lucky to get a tower room with a view of the river. (I did hear some grumblings from colleagues in the other part of the hotel, so I'd probably ask for a tower room.) Room service was efficient. I found the concierge to be helpful (although the desk closed at 7:30pm), and I had no trouble getting to and from my room in the elevators -- and this was during Jazz Fest! Also, the location is great. You can walk along the river, or walk to the French Quarter or the Warehouse District. Harrah's casino is right across the street and many great restaurants are within walking distance.On the down side: I also found the hotel to be somewhat understaffed. There was a short wait at the front desk when I went down there. Once there was no one there and a few of us standing around. This may be attributable to Katrina and the difficulty of recruiting workers. It was a minor annoyance and was far outweighed by the other positive aspects of the hotel.  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	3	3	

<Author>zzupschuck
<Content>Great Jazzfest ! Stayed at the Hilton 5/4 to 5/7 for the 2nd weekend of Jazzfest and it was GREAT. The hotel is walking distance to the French Quarter, and it was about $3 per person for a taxi. Booked thru Priceline and got a good deal. Will definitely stay here again!  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>FelineFan
<Content>Terrific JazzFest stay! A terrific hotel -- especially for the bargain price of $85/night for JazzFest (!!!!) on Priceline! Our room was in the main tower, on the 18th floor -- nonsmoking, just as we'd requested. The double beds were fantastically comfortable, and the down pillows a nice treat. We had a view of the Mississippi out the window (well, not directly -- we kinda had to be at an angle to see it!), and we could see the Crescent City Connection, too. The room was very clean, the staff very professional and the location was terrific. Bonus: Somehow, they didn't charge us for parking (and at an additional $25/night for self-parking, we didn't point this out!). A couple of nits to pick, though: 1) a four-person hot tub for THOUSANDS of rooms??!! C'mon, Hilton, build a bigger one! and 2) Pricey Internet access ($.49/minute!!!) on the hotel's business center computers. Still, we'd definitely stay here again (if we could get another Priceline deal on it!!  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>igmogiggio
<Content>Great experience Very accomodating guest service. Moved us to a non-smoking deluxe king with a River view with an early check-in after we booked through Priceline. Room was VERY clean. Stainless ice bucket, porceline coffee mugs, oversized bath towels. Walking distance to the French Quarter and across the street from Harrah's, but since we're from the area, we went to Palace Cafe and crashed before 10 pm.Loved the Hilton and will stay here again.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>curryda
<Content>Avoid if Possible What a poor excuse for an upscale hotel. I stayed here for five nights in April attending a conferenceand occupied two different rooms. Here's my experience:--long check-in lines--no offer of help with luggage--unhelpful front desk staff--small cramped rooms--sagging mattresses! even in the new tower rooms --poor housekeeping (mold and hair in bathroom)--nearby mall only has half the stores open and limited food court--$12 cab ride to French QuarterThe positive was that it was nice to be on the river and be able to walk along it. In the daytime, you could walk (20+ minutes) or take the trolley to the French Quarter. This was really nice because of the outdoor music festival. Normally I do not think it would be a big consideration.The conference itself seemed to go smoothly. Cookies were good and soda replenished frequently. Public spaces were attractive in a generic convention hotel way.My colleagues ate in the sports bar and did not like their food. Room service breakfast for two was good if expensive ($80 for french toast, bacon, omelet and extra large tea pot)Pillows were good and the hotel did provide bed board on request but the mattress still sagged so much I woke up stiff. I have never had this experience at any other hotel including some much less expensive than this one. It was really shocking how poor the mattress was.Given the other better choices in New Orleans I cannot imagine anyone choosing to stay here voluntarily.If you have to stay here for a conference, book WAY ahead of time and reserve a tower king bed room (larger than other) with direct river view.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	2	3	4	

<Author>bartok1
<Content>would stay here again Stayed here for a convention. This is a nice hotel. I don't have an active HHonors account but they entered me in the system as HHonors Gold, and I got the perks, including free coffee and expresso, soft drinks, hor doerves, continental breakfast and a very nice view in the Executive Lounge on the top floor. Rooms were nice and comfortable (I had a two double bed Executive). Also access to wireless. The staff generally were very nice and accommodating, particularly when I checked in without luggage (which had been lost on the trip down) and they put together a bag full of amenities for me. Another example: when my key was demagnetized accidentally, a bellman was able to help me get a new one so I didn't have to wait in line at the main desk (where several folks had just arrived for check-in). The hotel is right on the riverside and within walking distance of French Quarter or an easy drive to other locations (e.g., Frenchman street area). The glass elevator that goes to the tower levels is pretty cool at sunset or evening. The main downside: There is not much noise protection between the rooms, and on lower levels, I had colleagues who were awakened by the train. The convention hallways are a little dingy (e.g., carpets worn). But overall, I liked my experience here and would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>IrishFan
<Content>Slow elevators - No New Orleans charm So not a bad hotel by any means. But if it takes 30+ minutes of my time each day to get to and from my room, it's not worth it. I don't know if the elevators were broken or if this is the usual timeframe, but it's not acceptable.Otherwise, it's a decent property. And i didn't notice any service issues, but I never ate at the property except in the Hilton Honors lounge which was fabulous...(and why WOULD I eat in the hotel for breakfast? $19 for an omelette in the coffee shop? Come on...)This is a great location for conventions, but less so for tourists. The location is a walk from the French Quarter. A safe walk, but a walk, nonetheless. And my opinion is that in visiting New Orleans you would want to stay somewhere with a bit of New Orleans flair, not in a huge corporate property. The room was very comfortable, nice beds, nice bathroom, good housekeeping.But the horrible elevator issues make me give this place a 2.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>BlueSuitcase
<Content>Pleasant But Understaffed I attended a medium-sized convention held at this hotel in early March 2007. I was nervous about visiting New Orleans - it seems like there is a new series of murders reported on the evening news all the time. I felt very safe in and around the hotel and I genuinely enjoyed my stay except for a few moments of frustration. This hotel was understaffed during my stay. I understand that there probably isn't much the hotel can do about being understaffed given that the overall workforce has not returned after the hurricane. At times, I felt sorry for the people working at the hotel. There were not enoughfront desk staff or bellmen to meet the demands of the number of convention attendees, and sometimes my fellow convention attendees were rude and impatient. I was in the hotel for nearly four days and saw only one concierge, a very nice man that was working both day and evening hours. There were two times I stood in line for more than 30 minutes just to get to ask him a question. The convention lunches served by the hotel were pretty good, but service was slow and also seemed to suffer from understaffing. As for after hours, the area is pretty much deserted except for the casino across the street (Harrah's). I was disappointed that a lot of the stores in the nearby shopping malls had not reopened. Also, it felt like items at the hotel (bottle of soda, internet access, etc) were more expensive than you would expect them to be at a comparable hotel. The rooms looked and smelled nice, housekeeping was prompt, and the hotel was easy to use as a base for sight-seeing and exploring. My worst experience was with the Business Center - also understaffed, with broken or inoperable equipment (I needed to print something and their one printer was broken - not sure why/how a hotel with this number of rooms has only one), staff person that was not knowledgeable about other resources (such as where I could print what I needed) and who gave out inaccurate information about the hours of the self-service business center, causing me to walk a considerable distance to be greeted by a locked door. I would visit again without hesitation, but I would go expecting to be as self-sufficient as possible.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	2	1	

<Author>nola_girl76
<Content>great location, comfort you expect from hilton, cheap on priceline offseason! This is the largest hotel in New Orleans with I believe 600+ rooms. I stayed in the tower on the 19th floor on the side overlooking the Spanish plaza and the Missisissipi River. The view was amazing! I LIVE in New orleans and hadn't seen a view like that before! You can see the ferry boats running back and forth to Algiers at the foot of Canal Street, a view down Poydras St, the lights of Harrah's, everything, it was spectacular. The Hilton is a 4 star hotel and has all the expected amenities. Check-in was quick and seamless. The room was sparkling clean and huge. The best thing about the room, besides the view, was the bed! The bed was WONDERFUL, better than my bed at home! The pillows were those nice mushy ones, not flat or hard at all. They had free coffee in the room (lavazza,) nice Lasource toiletries, and the shower was luxurious, great water pressure too. There was ice and vending on every floor. Really nice tv and furniture. the best part? It was only 55 a night on priceline! that is truly UNbeleivable when you look at other options in that price range. the Hilton was way above and beyond the other hotels I have stayed at through Priceline at that price range. The location is of course great, close to everything downtown and the french quarter. I even found a parking spot on the street nearby. Thank you priceline! best room I have stayed at in NOLA. I'd go back for 2x the price in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RueStPeter718
<Content>Incredibly short-sited. I booked a room through a bidding website as it was a somewhat last minute Mardi Gras reservation (my 7th trip back to the city since Katrina). While I knew I would not be given any 'Hhonors' points for my stay, I did not expect to be treated like a leper. I phoned the hotel to A) have my Gold Hhonors number added to the reservation, and B) merely request a non-smoking room. I was informed that NO information can be added to my reservation; they claim the computer 'won't allow' it. They also advised me I was booked in a smoking room. Okay...that was a risk I took.I then inquired as to my Gold Hhonors perks, other than points (which, again, I knew I would not receive when booking outside of the Hilton site). Specifically, I wished to use the fitness room. I was informed--Nope! Can't use the fitness center, nada, nothing. UNBELIEVABLE. What harm does it bring them to allow me on a treadmill that is mostly sitting there anyway?? Oh, MY! I even phoned Hilton Hhonors; they insisted it's 'in the disclaimer' that you must book through Hilton to receive any perks. I then asked them to provide that information to me. Of course, they couldn't...even after sitting on hold for 10 minutes. Cuz it ain't there!!! Then it became 'It's up to each hotel's discretion'.Terrifically stupid on Hilton's part; they've just lost a long-time, loyal guest over the use of a treadmill and a bottle of water. See y'all at the 'big M' joints in the future. They're ALL non-smoking, 100%.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>1	2	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>andrewphelps
<Content>Great Hotel Pre Cruise Great Hotel, very clean and modern. The location is excellent if you are leaving on a cruise. There are currently doing some remodeling but that didn't take anything away from the hotel. Would stay here again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jenniferhancock
<Content>Favorite place to stay in New Orleans We visit New Orleans quite regularly and the towers here are our favorite place to stay. I can not speak for the regular rooms, but only the tower levels. The appetizers and breakfast alone are well worth the extra price. You get speedy 29th floor check-in and a private concierage level with a beautiful view of downtown New Orleans on one side and the Mississippi river on the other. I love that it's connected to the Riverwalk and they have a great brunch on Sundays at the sports bar on the main level. The trolley stops right out front for a cheap ride to the quarter.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ToriaT
<Content>Pleased with Room I stayed here for a conference. I could not detect anything about Katrina here....everything appears to be cleaned up and renewed.The business center was great and helped me get my powerpoint going. The room I had was two doubles and appeared to be completed refurbished. The furniture looked completely new, the bathroom freshly redone and retiled. Spotless. Really nice sheets on the bed and the room had eight pillows. Lavazza coffee maker actually made good coffee and there was liquid creamers there rather than powder. The only thing is its not in the French quarter and does not have that quaint atmosphere. Its a big city hotel good for conferences and business.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PostPat
<Content>Handy for Ernst N Morial Centre Big hotel at the bottom of Canal street and handy for Bourbon St and the riverside, french market area.Reception good and room booked was a king delux which I'm delighted to report wasn't 2 singles pushed together. Bathroom; excellent shower  clean. Minibar stocked  TV good.In the room the walls are a bit thin and sound proofing isn't too good but fortunately it was fairly quiet.Pillows - A basic and how wrong - essentially the bed has six small pillows like scatter cushions which are just no good. Take a look if you go and get them changed.Go for the Buffet breakfast its great value relative to just ordering the bits you would otherwise have.The sports bar is good and serves all kinds of food  beer  
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>15may06
<Content>Poor for a Hilton For a Hilton, this was disappointing. Check in took 25 mins but I must admit that there were a lot of people staying because of a conference. Service was slow and the man at the concierge was rude and unhelpful. On two occassions, I was left on hold on the telephone for a long while and in the end I had to hang up before a reply. The rooms were slightly depressing in their colour and feel. But I must point out that it was comfortable and clean. Some of the staff did go out of their way to help. There was a wireless internet service but no wired access. The French quarter was a ten minute walk away and the hotel overlooks the Mississippi. Overall, very poor for the price and service needs to be improved.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	3	4	1	1	1	

<Author>go_leir
<Content>Recovering but stayable I stayed in Oct 06 as part of a large conference, one of the first conferences to return to New Orleans. The hotel was largely fine, one wouldn't have known on the surface about the recent calamity. The major issue with the hotel: the 'non-smoking' rooms distinctly smelled of smoke. I guess they couldn't maintain their no-smoking policy in every room over the last year, and I have a sensitive nose. My first room smelled of smoke - I asked for a transfer (gracefully granted) but the second one was just as bad. Not hideous (probably a while ago that someone smoked in it) but noticable to me. However other guests didn't comment on this. The hotel was generally well maintained, seemed adequately staffed, service was very friendly and usually fine, public areas were pleasant. There was some fraying around the edges: carpets in the hallways seemed slightly worn, service was sometimes careless (leaving a door open to the kitchen at a conference) - but nothing substantive. As a large hotel, it's not as full of character as some others, but the location is good (easy walk to both convention center and French Quarter and on the Riverwalk mall).New Orleans in general is definitely visitable and recovering, from a tourist's point of view. Our large conference went off without a hitch. Some shops aren't open yet, some restaurants have limited hours: but in general the city feels vibrant, not ghostly and tragic - and the residents are very glad to have tourists and conferences back. Go and tip well.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	5	4	2	3	4	

<Author>GraemeBT
<Content>Oh Dear We'd stayed in the Hilton Riverside before and it had been the usual Hilton experience, comfortable room, expensive internet, functional but not spectacular.We stayed here in October for a couple of nights before moving to the Monteleone and were very disappointed by the room and the service. To be fair, the hotel was full for the duration of the conference we were attending at the nearby convention centre, but we still expected better.We were upgraded to a King room in the Riverside block, and found a large room, without minibar, and a careworn feel to it. The bathroom was tiny.The wireless internet access dropped out every 20 seconds and when I asked about using a cable connection was told I would have to pay an extra $10. When I complained about the wireless I was told it always happens when the hotel is busy and despite it being unusable, I would still have to pay.We were unable to use the laundry service as we were told it would take 3 days to get our stuff back.Not a pleasant experience  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	2	2	1	

<Author>San Antonio member
<Content>Can't handle complicated reservations Stayed at the Hilton for two back to back conferences. Rooms were fairly small, even on the concierge level. The biggest problem, however, was that this hotel - despite being a conference hotel and accepting two back to back related conferences - can't handle a complicated reservation. We had an unbelievable amount of mistakes despite providing them with indepth written description of the reservation. We had people cancelled from the room mid stay, some people not billed, others double billed. According to colleagues, mistakes where happening all over the place. They also only corrected my double billing when I finally sent a detailed letter to the Hilton corporation and cc'd the manager of the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Houtxgirl76
<Content>A Hilton Really??? I stayed for 8 nights at the Hilton Riverside and was so unhappy that I moved to the Homewood Suites. I was staying for work and was not interested in the convention area etc. My check in was bad, I got incorrect information on parking etc. Wrong information on internet connection and pricing. While the bed was very nice, housekeeping was not good. Most days the coffee was no restocked and was without towel on another day. The staff was not helpful and the front desk staff was rude to simple questions. I did not eat at any of the restraunts but did order room service and it was ok. With the many hotels right on the same block, I will not stay at this Hilton again.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PierreLaCroix
<Content>Exceeded my expectations! The price for the hotel was amazing..... got a good deal, most likely because it was low season. In fact, it was surprisingly low, and I had some suspicions.However, the hotel was beautiful, and full service and the service was excellent.Room: The room was great. The bed was absolutely heavenly, and the maid service was top notch. I also enjoyed the complimentary toiletries in the bathroom, especially the mouthwash. I had to look for the hair dryer, but found it near the iron/ironing board.Food: It seems a little overpriced, but you have to read the fine print to see that you get more than just the menu item. The room service shows that 1 egg, any style is $3.00 + $3.00 in-room fee, and 21% gratuity (so $6.63) But keep in mind it includes toast, country fried potatoes and coffee or soft drink. So you get more than just an egg. But the food was very well prepared and really hit the spot after a day of being out on the town.There are at least two enjoyable venues for dining, LE CROISSANT for breakfast, lunch and dinner, and then there is a sports bar which serves good sports bar food. A foot-long hotdog with chili, cheese, onions and fries was $6.95 + tax. Well worth it.Pool: The pool was nice, and I was able to lay out and work on my tan. The only drawback was that there was some type of construction taking place on the pier below which was a little noisy. But I was too involved in my book to really let it bother me. Come to think of it, I had the pool to myself for the two hours I was outside.Gym/spa: This has got to be the most full-service fitness facility I have ever had access to. Full nautilus equipment, free weights and cadio machines. Bring your headphones to plug into the headphone jack and enjoy watching TV. It also features 6 indoor tennis courts, and a full locker room. There is a communal 7-shower area, whirl pool, sauna and lockers along with plenty of towels and toiletries. The sauna and whirlpool are really busy early in the morning with young businessmen winding down their workouts before attending their conventions. Mid-day has no crowd at all, and after 5:00 pm has a nice group of locals who are winding down their day. Be prepared to talk about the local sports teams (both pro and college.)Parking: When I checked in I was told that parking was $22/day. I left my car in the parking garage for three days, and when I checked out and left the garage, I wasn't charged anything (???)My only neutral comment: 1) The gym is located on one side of the hotel, and my room was on the other side. I have nothing against walking, but it seemed like quite a hike to the gym (this hotel is really big!) I made it a point to go to the gym each day, and I remember thinking, I wish this was a little closer.Other good things: The hotel is within a 5-minute walk of Harrah's Casino and the Aquarium of the Americas, which are great options if you're not into partying on Bourbon Street.I would recommend this hotel to anyone: singles, couples, families. There really is something for everyone.(full details at [--])  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Caprina
<Content>Post-Katrina Visit My husband and I just returned from a short trip to New Orleans. As our usual hotel near the French Quarter is not open, we stayed at the Hilton Riverside. The hotel is still under being repaired, but the construction workers were VERY polite and apologetic. The room was clean, but some small items (cleaning the coffeepot and putting shampoo in the bathroom) had been overlooked. The hotel also charges for internet and (I may be wrong on this) for the exercise center. In general, the hotel lacks the graciousness and small amenities (robes, refreshments) of some of the older and more expensive N.O. hotels. Workers in N.O. are currently hard to find so the staff was not always efficient, although all were friendly to us. The food in the restaurant was okay but expensive; you can get better food for less in the Quarter or even in the attached Riverwalk. If you're interested in the French Quarter, by the way, you can probably find a hotel in the Quarter itself. The real heart of the French Quarter is a bit of a walk from the hotel and there is no shuttle. You can catch the streetcar, though.The view from our window was GREAT and the hotel was attractive enough, although the floorplan is a little complicated to figure out. The curtains and bedspread in our room didn't match, but that may be because linens were ruined during the storm. We did not visit the exercise facilities or pool.Shopkeepers and waiters in the places we visited in N.O. itself were VERY friendly and polite, telling us over and over how happy they were to see us. All in all, we enjoyed our stay in N.O. I suppose this hotel offers good accomodations for the price, but the rooms (other than perhaps the executive floor) are not those of a luxury hotel.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	4	2	1	

<Author>TheBigHammer
<Content>Executive Level is Top Notch Executive Level was where I stayed for nearly a week for a biennial conference - the free continental breakfast and evening hors d'oeurves were great, but the greatest asset they have is their staff upstairs - they did literally, a first-class job with whatever I asked for - reservations, maps, suggestions, limo bookings...with a smile on their face and sincerity, too.Mary, you rock!Housekeeping was great, rooms comfy, (that BED!), view of river is intoxicating to sit in comfy chairs and watch it all go by...IT IS INDEED SAFER THAN EVER TO GO OUT AT NIGHT! PLEASE go to New Orleans, the city itself is in need of tourists - true, the isle of denial of the CBD and FQ may make some think that everything is normal - and for the most part, you would, indeed, never know Katrina hit.But, as my returning friends said to me: I've never heard the crickets in town on a Sunday night in Jackson Square, ever.Best eats: Muriel's, ACME Oyster House, Brennan's for Breakfast, Cafe Adelaide...Avoid: Emeril's, Cafe Maspeto, anything that is a chain!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>richjack
<Content>enoyed I stayed at the Hilton Riverside for four nights for a conference. The hotel is very nice, all the employees I had any contact with were fantastic. They believe in service and the rooms are very comfortable and clean. Obviously everything is brand new, as you would expect. Having gone in several meeting rooms, the ball room, the restuarants and most other ares of the hotel, it seems that every inch of the place is repaired wonderfully.As for the area, the riverfront area and French quarter seem to be fully rebuilt and raring to go. Other areas of NOLA are not so fortunate, however. There is still a lot of rebuilding to do and truthfully it doesn't look like the majority of NOLA citizens have made any moves toward returning. It appears to be a vast ghost town.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sda37
<Content>Exellent accommodations I stayed at the Hilton Riverside on business. The accommodations were superb, and the service was exceptional. The bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever slept on.My only complaint was that they charged for EVERY additional service, including the WiFi network connection. Oh, yes, the spa was not fully functional. It was in use, but most of the jets did not work.Parking prices were outrageous, but typical for the French Quarter.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed reviews I agree that NOLA is definitely in a rebuild phase and I hope that people will continue to visit this fabulous city that has such a great heart!We stayed at the Hilton-Riverside because of a wedding that we were attending, the reception was at Kabby's, which was wonderful by the way! It was perfect being with the entire wedding party however if you are going to NOLA to party on Bourbon Street, pick a different hotel or be prepared to cab it (the cable car is not consistent yet). The Hilton is quite a hike and it can be a little nerve racking walking back late night from the French Quarter. If you are going for a convention at the convention center or to gamble at Harrah's it would be my first choice.We stayed in one of the tower rooms with a view of the river and it was wonderful...the bed was fabulous! We found the staff to be hit or miss, they were either extremely helpful (concierge, bellstand upstairs and bartenders) or very disinterested (especially the workers out front of the hotel; waited over ten minutes for someone to call us a cab, finally just had to walk over to the cab area.) I would agree about the reviews of the downstairs restaurant, over priced for sure except for the kids menu. The only problem is, due to the location and the fact that most of the restaurants at the riverwalk aren't up and going yet you don't have many options. We did not have a good experience at the Brewery across the street.Hope to visit NOLA again soon! What a wonderful place even in the midst of a rebuild!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Have patience Things are obviously still in recovery mode. Friendly and extremely helpful staff who are really putting themselves out 200% every day. My room was on the Riverside building, which wasn't quite as awful as a previous reviewer noted. However, the courtyards are under construction, which means that you're looking out on slabs of pavers, not exactly a view. Great mattress and linens, but the carpet looked a bit off. And the bathroom needs updating--old fixtures that just never look clean. This was fine as a conference hotel, but I wouldn't make it a destination.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Average convention hotel Staff is trying, but they have a ton of trainees. They're learning, and prone to mistakes. Check your bill carefully on checkout. An average convention hotel, rooms were average, at best, although the bedding seems to be upgraded and very nice. We were in the Riverboat area and things were a degree better than the other review on here. Rooms are older and in need of some upgrading, but were clean and comfortable. Dining at the hotel would be a huge mistake. Cafe is tremendously overpriced, even for a metro hotel. $15.95 for eggs and bacon, give me a break ! I'm all for supporting NOLA's rebirth but please don't gouge me. Get your coffee and a muffin at the Starbucks right next to the cafe. DId not eat in the Sports Bar so can not give a review, but the hotel is connected to the Riverwalk which has a food court. Or hit the brewery just down the street, or Harrah's Casino across the street. I will give props to the hotel for their convention food service, the food was excellent, the service was great, staff was friendly. The hotel is still undergoing some repair and renovation, but they are good at doing their work during off periods and we never felt in the way. If we were to return to NOLA I would likely look for alternate hotels but the Hilton would not necessarily be my last choice. They are trying and I do think it will improve.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>crissydemue
<Content>A Tale of Two Extremes--Awful Room, Nice Room       Typical downtown office building--still not repaired.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>WldExplorer
<Content>Not worth the price I will give this hotel a break because I saw it immediately after the hurricane and they have a huge clean-up/renovation job ahead, but there is a lot of room for improvement now.The housekeeping is not up to par. I found candy on the floor of my room, left behind by the previous guest. There was a coffee machine in my room, and creamer and sugar. But no actual coffee. My room had no hair dryer. The mini bar was empty. Self-parking was a whopping 22 dollars a night. The room service menu is outrageously expensive.There is wireless in the rooms, but at a charge.The fitness center charges 10 dollars for use.I would not stay here again unless there are no other options in New Orleans.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hilton Riverside so/so...... Well, just returned from a 3-night stay at the Hilton New Orleans Riverside. These are the Pros and Cons.PROS:-if you want a very exiting vacation, request a room overlooking the river. The view is awesome!-spacious rooms. More space than average hotels.-Refrigerator(mini)-closet in roomCONS:-mold growing on wall beside bath-found gum on floor-some black stuff growing in corners of wall(didn't know what it was!!!)ALSO:If I were you, I would NOT eat at the hotel. The food is VERY overpriced. There is a resturaunt named Gordon Beisch right across the street that is reasonably priced and is very good. It would be much better to eat there.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>J_Correa
<Content>Very impressed I travelled to New Orleans for business 3 months after Katrina. The hotel had only been accepting reservations for a couple weeks before my stay and much of the common areas were still under construction due to Katrina damage. Still, the staff was terrific - even having been through all that they had and working in and amongst the repairs, they were really great - very professional, friendly, and helpful. My room was quite nice - well appointed with a nice bathroom, a good work area, and comfortable beds. The bed linens were of a nice quality and the matress very comfortable. The parking situation was a bit tight, but I think that is because the regular hotel garage is not yet open and they are sharing the WTC garage. Overall, I was really impressed with this hotel and if they can be this together just 3 months after Katrina, I can imagine they would have top-notch service during normal circumstances.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>isabeli
<Content>Romancing NOLA       Eating Beignets!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Solid good value Good location near the casino and the trolley train that takes you to the French Quarter - hotel is large, efficient, modern - worth upgragding to the business class floors so you have access to the top floor lounge with breakfast and early evening treats - staff are competent although in New Orleans you seem to run across alot of people that are far from knocking themselves out to be friendly - once you get past that then you do get the service even if its not with a smile. Hilton is good value.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Charlie3446
<Content>Good, not great       view from room on 21st floor  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Experience, Surpassed Expectations       View from lobby  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hilton where it's at in New Orleans I was lucky enough to stay at the Hilton Riverside in May, a great time to visit New Orleans. The summer heat wasn't in town yet, making the short walk to Bourbon Street and all the city's action very enjoyable. The Hilton has both good food and great rooms. Its location across the street from a casino gives it added appeal. I have nothing but positive things to say about the staff and the property. Having a hotel right downtown of one of the greatest cities in the world was too cool ...  
<Date>Jul 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect at the New Orleans Hilton I spent 3 terrific nights at the New Orleans Hilton on the MS River. The service was excellent and my room was superb. The New Orleans Hilton is my preferred residence any time I visit New Orleans. I will continue to recommend the New Orleans Hilton to my business associates and friends.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Marvelous Stay I had the pleasure of staying at the Hilton Riverside in downtown New Orleans while golfing on the Audubon Golf Trail. The glorious ambiance of the Hilton Riverside was to die for. Home grown in the Mid-West, I treasured the southern hospitality received from all Hilton employees I came into contact with.The rooms were spacious and decorated marveously. My view from the 25th floor of the Mississippi river cannot be described in words. For once, I actually took the time to open the shades in the morning and admire the beauty of New Orleans before starting my day.As a golfer, I thought that the golf courses would be all I talked about when I returned home. However, much to the surprise of my wife the accomodations and city sites was my first item of discussion.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hilton hotspot I'm a travel writer and have stayed in some great places around the world in my time - and the Hilton Riverside New Orleans is certainly one of them. Everything works, the food is delicious, the staff pleasant and helpful, the rooms a pleasure to be in and, if that's not enough, the hotel is conveniently situated within walking distance of everywhere you'd want to go. If you go for an Executive bedroom, don't miss out on having breakfast in the special Executive Lounge with its fantastic panoramic views. I'd certainly choose to stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best place to stay in New Orleans If you want convenience, comfort, casual elegance, great restaurants, easy access to all that makes New Orleans the world-class destination it is, you should stay at the Hilton Riverside New Orleans. A stone's throw from the French Quarter and Bourbon Street, a trolley stop next door, Harrah's Casino across the street, clean, friendly, and the views of the Mighty Mississippi River are beyond words. I almost always stay there but I stayed at Hotel Monteleone during this past Mardi Gras and regretted not being the Hilton Riverside. No disrespect to the other hotel, it was fine and had great architecture and history, but it didn't have the same great feeling, comfort and convenience. Que sera... live and learn.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>destindini
<Content>Very Nice Indeed My husband and I came for a short visit the first week in June and it exceeded our expectations. I've been visiting relatives in New Orleans since childhood, lived here (worked downtown) for a couple of yrs in the early 80's and I visit and stay in the French Quarter at least every 2-3 yrs. This hotel by far exceeded the usual places I've stayed. Ive found most places to be over priced and the service is lackadasical, at best. The Hilton tower, though, had great views, clean room, attentive maid service (very hard to find in New Orlean-they even come around in the late afternoon to see if you want extra towels). The continental breakfast and afternoon happy hour are in a lovely penthouse with views of both the river and the CBD on the other side. The evening 'snack' was so substantial that we chose to skip dinner twice. As far as location, you can save your feet (and the worry of walking the French Qtr at nite) by taking the streetcar behind the hotel which stops every couple of blocks and is within a short distance of many places to eat such as Cafe Du Monde, St. Louis Cathedral, The Aquarium, etc. Outside the front of the hotel you can catch the streetcar down Canal Street (which has recently started running for the first time in at least 10 yrs). Harrah's is a stones throw away as is the Riverwalk Mall and shops at Canal Place and Saks.Drawbacks which keep me from giving a top rating - my husband thought having to pay $10. extra to use the workout facilities was unnecessary. Also, our king sized bed was in need of replacement. One side sagged badly. I felt like i was on a 45 degree slope. Other than that, I will stay here again since so many other hotels I've been to have been noisy (the tower was VERY peaceful and you hear no street noise or cars), and just about every hotel I've stayed at has very poor service, such as cleaning the room at 4pm or changing the linens only every 2-3 days.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>joparke
<Content>Lovely stay!       another view from our room  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MortyCanada
<Content>Great Location, service and style We stayed at the Riverside Hilton for five days in early June 2005. The physical location of the hotel is great: right on the river with a great view from the executive lounge and with the Riverfront Trolley stop at its front door. It is attached to the Riverfront shopping area, which has a ton of shops and restaurants. Harrah's Casino is just across the street.Our room was very pleasant, about average size for a Hilton big city hotel. The service was simply outstanding from the daily room cleaning, turndown service and food service.We had access to the executive lounge which served a continential breakfast and evening appetizers. Both were well done with the evening quite ample and tasty.We did not ear at the hotel.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great service, great views, great location. We'll start with the only negative comment: Dirty pillow cases. But after a phone call, the staff took care of all bedding. After every request, someone called to make sure our request had been taken care of in a timely mannor.Stay out of the lower rooms, I've heard that rooms there are older and not suitable. Tower rooms are newer, spacious and offer great views (ours had both river and city view). Right outside is the riverwalk (just another mall, but conveniently located for last minute shopping) and the Aquarium that takes a little over an hour to see everything. Also right in front is the cable car to the quarter, the canal street line and Harrah's casino. Lot's of cool arhitectural sites and museums within walking distance DAY TIME ONLY, don't walk the CBD at night. The covention center is next door. You could walk to the French Quarter, but why-when the riverfront street car will take you for a buck and a quarter(and you'll save your feet-again don't walk it at night and alone for any reason). I would avoid room service because there are so many other options in this city for a lot less cash. Gorden Beirsch Brewery is my close-by pick. It's directly across the street with outstanding service, great food and free brewery samples! Never ate at Kabby's or other places in hotel but did have room service and for $60 (breakfast) we could have done better. Bell staff friendly and helpful. Lobby bar $$$ but friendly.Synopsys: Clean, comfy, service oriented staff, central location, nice lobby  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TravelCubed_7
<Content>Great Location The Hilton New Orleans Riverside had plenty of things to recommend it.One thing was the location. While not in the French Quarter, you are within walking distance to it. (It's probably about 15 minutes away on foot, give or take.) You can wind through side streets to get to the Quarter, or walk along the riverfront walking path to Jackson Square and stroll in that way.Overall, though, you are centrally located to many attractions. The New Orleans Aquarium is right next door. Harrah's is just across the street. The D-Day Museum, Superdome, cemetaries, etc. are just a short drive away, too. Better yet, the hotel is connected internally to a large riverfront mall. This affords you an easy way to get to shopping and restuarants (not New Orleans' best, but definitely came in handy that evening). When I arrived in New Orleans it was storming that night, so I just explored the hotel and ate at a nice restaurant in the mall. The decor of the hotel is nice, though not spectacular. Same can be said of the rooms. I was lucky enough to have a room with a view of the Mississippi River and could watch the activity on the river. This is a nice plus stemming from the hotel's location.I thought the service was so-so. The restaurant staff included some very rude servers. Overall, I can recommend the Hilton New Orleans Riverside enthusiastically.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No complaints I cant complain at all about our stay at the Hilton Riverside in New Orleans. We rented 1 room and it was 5 girls who stayed there. We had my best friends bachelorette party and went out on Bourbon that night. It was in a very convenient location for our occasion. It was honestly an experience I will never forget.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nicci
<Content>Not a huge Hilton fan, but okay Like so many other Hiltons, I have to complain about the noise factor in rooms. The walls block out nothing, we heard the neighbors on each side as if we were in conversation with them. And you hear the housekeeping services all morning knocking, knocking, knocking (didn't gel with post-Bourbon Street mornings!)Room was clean, though I have issues with the uncovered feather blanker (we have allergies). They did replace the feather pillows for us, though.Location was nice for shopping, and we preferred it being a bit removed instead of right on Bourbon St. WHY do I have to PAY for the HEALTH CLUB???!!! We paid $270.night for the room. I realize not all guests use a health club, but I don't use a number of amenities at a hotel (e.g. a pool) that my stay subsidizes. I find it ridiculous to have to pay what the hotel called a nominal fee of $10/day to exercise for an hour.Also, this is an immense place. It is great for a large convention, but I wouldn't have stayed for a romantic weekend, too busy, crowded and spread out.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>CenlaTraveler
<Content>Good choice This Hilton Riverside is a good choice if you aren't looking for that special New Orleans flavor and atmosphere. This could be the Hilton in Des Moines for all you know. But it is in a great location and it provides very easy access to some of the best family friendly attactions in New Orleans. The aquarium and river boats are just steps from the hotel. There's an entrance to the hotel directly from the Riverwalk Mall. The Shops at Canal Place are only a block away, as is Harrah's casino. The riverfront streetcar has a stop right outside the hotel's front entrance, but it's an easy walk to the French Quarter. And speaking of the French Quarter, it's nice sometimes to get out of that atmosphere after a few days. I booked the room using the special Christmas rate and was surprised to get a great river view room. I would certainly recommend this hotel, as long as you don't mind the generic decor.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best stay in New Orleans we've had My husband and I just returned from spending the weekend at the Hilton Riverside. After reading some of the reviews I was almost hesitant when we arrived but our experience was flawless. We upgraded to the executive floors and it was well worth the extra $50.00. Although the rooms are comparable to the regular rooms in size, they have great down comforters, some fun extras and the use of the executive lounge on the 29th floor with a panoramic view of the city. The executive room offers a continental breakfast in the morning with everything you could ask for and a good assortment in the evenings - both included in the upgrade. Alcohol is not included at the lounge and is a little expensive but soft drinks, a variety of coffees, etc., are free. The staff made us feel right at home and the grounds were enormous. We used the pool, which was the perfect temperature. Checking in and out was quick and easy and you are within walking distance to just about everything. We highly recommend this location.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jemimagold
<Content>Just ok..... The Hilton is a typical chain hotel that appears to appeal to conventioneers and school groups. We stayed there last week free through some Hilton Honors points and the lobby was filled with all sorts of groups, teens rambling around, etc.... I was also dismayed to see that smoking is allowed all through the lobby. The rooms were pretty nice. The toiletries were by Neutrogena.Another thing that bugged me was the $25/day fee to self park. It was $30/day to valet. I guess this is their way of making a little extra $. However, I parked next door at Harrah's for free. All you have to do is gamble for 30 minutes and they will validate your parking card. So there, Hilton!If I had had to pay for my room, I would definitely have been disappointed. There are so many other nice places to stay in NOLA.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent hotel My wife and I stayed at the Hilton Riverside when we went to New Orleans for our 25th anniversary. It is a fine hotel, with quick, friendly service, and superb facilities. I was particularly impressed with their workout area, which is huge, and free to Hilton Honors members. But everything else about the place is also very nice--the sports bar had great food, and fast, polite servers. The rooms were also spacious, and although we didn't spend a lot of time in the room, it was always taken care of promptly when we went out. The location is perfect--close to Bourbon Street and Harrah's Casino, and next to Riverwalk. We were treated very well in every way while at this Hilton and I would definitely recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Always enjoy the Hilton Riverside Stayed at the Hilton New Orleans Riverside March 7-10 and enjoyed it very much. This was our fourth stay in a little over a year so it is evident that we always enjoy it. It is very convenient to shopping, restaurants, French Quarter, Harrah's and anything else that we want to do. Our rooms have always been satisfactory and extremely clean and a nice size. Bathrooms are also larger than some that we have had. Housekeeping is great and are always friendly and helpful. It is a convention hotel and always seems to have a crowd but we have never had a problem with checking in at the front desk. We arrive around 1:00 pm and if our room is not ready they store our luggage until we come back. We appreciate this as we do not lose any precious time in NO. Front desk staff have always been friendly and helpful in obtaining our rooms with our special requests. Hotel has always been very clean and we have never had any problem with noise. We obtain our rooms through Harrah's and have a regular room (King size) so I would think that this is a standard room. We also park at Harrah's parking garage and after playing for 30 minutes on our player's card we have free parking which saves around $27.00 night. It is very safe as we have walked back from Harrah's around 3:00 am with no problem. We also walk to French Quarter a couple times a day for meals and at night for entertainment and have no problem. We usually walk down Bourbon and then down Canal and there are always lots of people. Also, want to make mention of a great restaurant that we saw reviewed on this site called Fiorella's near French Market. Known for their fried chicken and it was wonderful. We ate about 5:00 pm on Thurs and were one of the first customers but by the time we got through the place was full. Don't let the outside appearance put you off. Food is wonderful and very reasonable. Also, friendly service from staff. Coming back to NO for French Quarter Festival and can hardley wait although we waited too long to be able to get a room at the Hilton.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dirty, dirty dirty!!! My most horrible hotel stay ever!Here is a short list:- stains all over the carpet- hairs and other dirt all over the bathroom- ironboard and iron were extremely dirty- blood and vomit in the staircase hall- cockroaches in the restaurant (this is not a joke)- unfriendly servantsOne advise: STAY AWAY !  
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>fun-on-wheels
<Content>no complaints If you are looking for a small intimate hotel, this would not be the one. However, we had a suite on the 22nd flour with great views and very quiet. The hallways were clean and the hospitality suite provided a good breakfast. Everything is so close. Walking is the perferred mode of transportation. I can't think of anything negative to comment on I would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sjw985
<Content>Pleasant business stay I stayed at the Hilton New Orleans Riverside for 3 nights in February while attending a conference at the nearby Morial Convention Center.Generally speaking I was very pleased with the hotel. The hotel has a very large, well-decorated lobby. This is clearly a convention hotel - there is seating everywhere, and open bars on both the first and second lobby levels. During trade conventions these areas can become very crowded and noisy during the day and early evening.I stay frequently at Hiltons, and upon check-in I was upgraded to an executive-level room on the 24th floor. I was on the World Trade center side of the building, which afforded a fantastic view of a large bend in the Mississippi. I greatly enjoyed spending the little down time I had watching the ships and barges navigating that part of the river. Room appointments were well above average, the room was clean, and the bed very comfortable. It might be a bit on the soft side for some but personally I enjoyed it. Rooms have access to wireless internet for $9.95 per day billed to the room or credit card.The executive rooms have access to a hospitality suite on the 29th floor. This is a great place to grab a quick breakfast in the morning, hordouvers in the afternoon, and coffee or non-alcoholic drinks throughout the day. You can relax in front of a panoramic view of Ol' Man River below.The only hotel restaurant I tried was Kabby's Sports Bar and Grill. Skip the chicken ceasar. I believe it contained more salt than chicken. A shrimp po' boy was much better but contained perhaps 3 or 4 shrimp. Overall I felt that Kabby's was a poor value.Right below the hotel on the river is a mall complex called the Riverwalk. If you're looking for a quick bite to eat alone or with the family, you'll find a ton of relatively inexpensive chain and local restaurants in the food court. Also there were a whole bunch of neat stores. Worth looking at.For those who enjoy or have time for such things, Bourbon Street is less than a 10 minute walk from the Hilton, and Harrah's is right next door. There are also fast-food restaurants nearby on the way to Bourbon.The Creole Queen (river  dinner crusies) docks right below the hotel.Frankly, if I'd had the time I could have spent hours just watching the shipping. It's amazing to a string of 8 barges navigate the currents going downriver around the nearby bend. They start turning very early and the current pushes them right around. For a little while it looks like they are moving sideways down the river.For planning, a cab ride to MSY upon departure was about $25. I didn't pay for the cab to the hotel, but I think it was about the same.Parking is very pricey - I believe about $20 per day. If you're staying in the city, take the cab. In summary, I'd say the Hilton Riverside is a good place to stay for business or pleasure in New Orleans. The executive rooms in particular are great if you get upgraded or plan to make use of the lounge. Minor Quibbles: * The executive floor, and perhaps all rooms, are supposed to have bathrobes. Mine were not present when I checked in. * Housekeeping was SLOW. Good work, but slow, and can work a floor from early morning well into the afternoon. Room service trays seemed to stay in the hallway for a long period of time. Watch your step.* For some reason, I found the soap provided almost impossible to wash off. It may have been the water, I didn't bother to bring one home to test.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>HonestJohn
<Content>Almost as Good as it Gets I stayed at the Hilton Riverside for Mardi Gras 2005. I booked online and got a very low rate for Lundy and Mardi Gras, I was able to use my HHonors points at a sister prop on Ash Weds. Can't believe I got the great deal that I did. Front desk staff was efficient and polite. I read on their site that they have Exec Tower upgrade, tried to get it comped on my HHonors status, but had to pay $50 a night extra, barely worth the extra money because I seldom require Concierge services and when I did ask the Concierge Where can I get the Racing Form? he was clueless. One major problem was the maid service, checked in and wanted to take a shower, there was no robe in the room had to make 3 phone calls (after tipping the maid to get me a robe) waited over 90 minutes for a bathrobe which should have been in the room. Of course 30 minutes after my shower, I nice young gent showed up with 2 more. Didn't need 3, so I didn't take the extra ones. View of the parades and the River was fantastic, room was a little small. Room was also noisy because it was Mardi Gras. Maid service was poor, room service trays and bags of refuse containing styro food containers were left in the hallway overnight. Shards of broken glass from neighbors room were embedded in the rug and not properly vacuumed. Free AM breakfast and Cocktail hors douvres were adequate for average quality Hilton food, nice pleasant buy small dining areas, tastefully decorated. It seems like this hotel is out of the way, but it is really in the center of it all. Two minute walk to Canal Street Parades, 10 min walk to Bourbon Street Party Central 90 minute walk to the Fairgrounds (YES - I walked the whole way, but that's another story!) The securtiy was EXCELLENT! I won't disclose how they did it, but Security had a fool-proof method of knowing who the guests were and only guests got in on Mardi Gras. Overall: 4 out of 5 stars, but again excellent value for the dollar. I would return to this property  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Jen716
<Content>Great Experience I stayed at this hotel during Mardi Gras. I booked my reservations online, sight unseen, so not sure what to expect. I loved it! I went with my husband, mother, and grandmother to Mardi Gras, and was pleasantly surprised that hotel was within walking distance to everything. The staff was polite and helpful, and when we arrived early, our room wasn't ready. I expected this,but, she even took my cell phone number to call me when our room was ready. I thought that was very thoughtful, since they were busy, because it was the day before Mardi Gras Day. My only complaint is that I was supposed to be in a tower room, and I wasn't. I didn't realize until after we were all settled in, so I didn't fuss about it. They made up for it in the end, by not charging me the extra person fees (saved me 180 dollars, since it was 30 pp, per night, and there were 4 of us, 2 nights). One tip, do thorough searches for pricing, it made a world of difference for me.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alina12
<Content>Pleasant stay We stayed here 3 nights before New Year's eve, on the 20th floor. Room was clean, beds comfortable, but pillows were dreadful. No real negatives, but there was one day when housekeeping did not clean up our room because we returned to the room at mid-day and they did not return to our floor. Location was excellent, noises were kept to a minimum, though the walls are pretty thin. Would definitely return.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marywilliams
<Content>Very Deliteful I stayed at the Hilton Riverside on Dec.31 2004 (The New Year) I am an Honors Member therefore I stayed on the Honors floor which is the 20th floor. It was deliteful I have no complaint at all. The beds were comfortable,the room itself nice and clean and I heard no outside noise at all. The one thing that I may complain about is the next morning the coffee maker was broken and after I called housekeeping within 10 min I had another one. So I would not consider that a big complaint.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worthwhile Hotel We stayed at this Hotel prior to our cruise on the Carnival Conquest on December 11, 2004. We were able to get the pre-cruise special which included 7 nights of parking, although we did not utilize the parking. I opted for a Suite, so we paid $149 for the room, which for New Orleans, is a pretty good deal.Check in was efficient and professional. We arrived to the hotel at 11am and our assigned room was available for us to check in. We had a river view room looking directly at the river and could also see the Cruise Ships when they arrived the next morning. The room was of reasonable size and was in an outstanding state of repair. The beds were very comfortable. It is my understanding that these rooms were recently renovated.We did go down to the pools during the evening and I found them to be old and not in the best of condition. The hot tub was lukewarm at best, and the jets did not work. This is not something that I would expect of a Hilton Hotel.Overall we were impressed with our room and would stay here again without question. I don't usually choose my hotels based upon swimming pools and hot tubs. If this is your thing, you need to stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Layover
<Content>Great Views I liked the fact that I was out of the teaming masses in the quarter, but could still be there in five minutes by cab. Loved the views of the river. The pool was all right. I'd classify this as a big convention style hotel.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible-avoid at all costs. There are better hotels This hotel has a freight train line 25 from the back of the hotel. Trains come by at all hours of the night blowing their horns. I did not get one decent nights sleep the entire stay.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mmwe
<Content>Locals love the Hilton We live in New Orleans, but often take the kids to stay in a hotel downtown to show them all the great things their hometown has to offer. Our absolute favorite place to stay is The Hilton Riverside. The location could not possibly be any better for families. (In our college days we definitely would have opted for a hotel directly in the French Quarter!) The Hilton is directly on the River with amazing views of the city, river, Woldenburg Park, Algeir's Ferry Landing, etc. The riverfront streetcar picks up passengers right outside of the front doors, though we almost always opt to walk along the Riverfront. You are also just steps from the other street car lines should you wish to tour St. Charles Avenue, Canal Street, or head to Mid-City to tour City Park and the New Orleans Museum of Art. The Aquarium, Zoo Cruise Terminal, Children's Museum, Harrah's Casino, Cruise Ship Terminals, Convention Center, Riverwalk Shopping Mall, Canal Place Shopping, and French Quarter are all within walking distance. If Mardi Gras is in your vacation plans, it does not get any better than this hotel. It is also a perfect location for conventioneers travelling either alone or with families.We have never experienced any problems with accomodations, staff, etc. We have even been given unexpected room upgrades on a couple of occassions.It is a great hotel in a great location. Give it a try!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We always end up returnign here after trying other hotels This really is our best pick for New Orleans. We have tried a ton of other hotels and always feel they don't measure up to this one. Although, we would advise that you avoid the rooms overlooking the railroad tracks in the old front section. Its really the Towers rooms that are the best in our opinion, and they measure up to any five star hotel. This is one place you won't feel you were misled by inaccurate room pictures and empty promises. The staff here is fabulous, so very friendly and genuinely wanting you to have a great stay. The sports bar with video games was fun, the room service food was pretty good, not excellent by N'awlins standards, but not a rip off or huge disappointment. Nice pools (2) and one of the best features is the hall that leads you down to the Riverside Mall where you can get a frozen drink and take it back to your room (oh the hotel bar makes a beautiful Bloody Mary too!) You get two of New Orleans best locations in one at this hotel: Ol Man River (the MIssissippi) and the Quarter. Yes you will be walking distance to everything in the Quarter and far enough from the noise to sleep peacefully at night if you prefer to go back to a quiet room after a bustling fun night out. Also, you're right across from Harrah's casino and Saks Fifth Avenue shopping centre and a couple blocks to the House of Blues for the Gospel Sunday Brunch. The river view from this hotel is always breathtaking. Especially when cruise ships pull up almost under your window, or when you get to watch the Paddlewheeler Riverboats going past. Rooms are a great size, and very comfortable, with lovely bathrooms. We return here over and over and won't even bother going if we can't stay here in future. We've tried them all and this remains our favorite.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>formerbelle
<Content>INDIFFERENT/ DISORGANIZED AT FRONT DESK stayed here for convention. Good location that was a plus.. but the staff at the reception desk not very professional nor the assist mang or mang Ispoke with. just did not seem to care. The first negative is I was given a room key and went to the room and open the door and a woman and man were in the bed . luckily they were watching tv. So that was embarassing. So I called the front desk and told them of my prob and theydid not send anyone upstairs to help me theywanted me to pull my luggage BACK downstairs to get a new room so not very accomodating or customer service focused. The accomodations were ok.. there was some noise so Imoved again. So I technically had THREE rooms in 3 days! at the same hotel. I left and just went to the Holiday Inn last night. It was less expensive and people seemed to care that I was a customer. The Hilton was very indifferent I felt.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>moonlight
<Content>Decent place for decent value I'd booked the Hilton through Priceline and got a room for $45 or $50, which I thought was a good deal for a Hilton, until I got hit with parking fees per day!!We were assigned some random room through priceline, but they gave us a riverside room when asked. I'm sure there are other better rooms than what we got. Ours was a very basic one, like any other decent hotel room, it was not mouldy or smelly like others seem to have experienced, nor was it Hilton style. The hotel is just too big for individual attention. Plus we were there at Christmas time with hoardes of other travellers. Since we were on a sightseeing trip spending very little time in the hotel room and the rest of the time in the French Quarter, we didn't mind at all. I did get a little annoyed at the conceirge desk when we waited for about half an hour for the person to get off the phone only to be told to look at some brochures and were dismissed.The location is good, just a couple of minutes walk from the french quarter, though even that can get a little tiring if you are not used to walking (or walk with high heels). We would hang out in the french quarter and walk back, stopping at Harrah's casino in front of the Hilton for some live music and fun. Would not probably book direct if I was visiting New Orleans again, but would not mind staying if I got a deal through priceline.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent!!! We stayed here the night before our cruise and we really loved this hotel. Excellent service, super rooms, good breakfast, fast and easy check in/check out ... nothing at all to complain about.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>St. Francis Would Be Proud! I just read about your willingness to allow the Hurricane victims to bring their pets to your hotel to ride out the storm. MAY GOD TRULY BLESS WHOEVER MADE THIS WONDERFUL, ALTRUISTIC DECISION!! Those of us who have pets know that they are truly a family member and are NOT considered just a piece of property. Our pets have feelings and communicate with us...just as humans do. May you be blessed with hugs and smiles, and possibly new customers in the future! We need more people like you in this cruel world. I have never even been to your state, but was flabbergasted to read this story on CNN.com!! Have a wonderful day, and I hope the storm didn't do too much damage that can't be repaired. Thinking of you and all those grateful pets. God Bless You All!! Barb  Romeo (my cat!)  
<Date>Sep 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sst03
<Content>Clean but Noisy! I stayed at this Hilton property recently for a business conference and found it to be clean and well appointed. Unfortunately, between slamming doors, thin walls and various other thumps and bumps in the night it was hard to sleep! I stayed on the 12th floor in the Towers and had a decent view of the Mississippi River through curtain sheers and panels that did not draw to block the glare of nightime spot lights on the hotel. The Sunday brunch at the main restaurant on the 1st floor of the hotel was good but especially busy as there was a Saints football game that day. The hotel is within walking distance of the Superdome.The Riverwalk shopping complex is adjacent to the hotel. This indoor shopping mall didn't lack for places that sold hot sauce and colorful beads thrown during Mardi Gras. There was a food court that served anything from Popeye's chicken to Fat Tuesday's frozen drinks. Good news is that there is a satellite location of Cafe du Monde if you're in the mood for powdered sugar covered doughnut pillows served with chicory coffee! As a business traveler I'm sure I didn't get the best deal on my room at almost $200/night with taxes, city charges, etc. but a quick web search would probably get you a better deal.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ALgal4AU
<Content>Stayed here many times..keep coming back! I have stayed at the Hilton Riverside many times. They have always honored any requests that I have made. Their new bedding is wonderful. The location is great...close to French Quarter, all river attractions,Mothers Resturant (my favorite)!!!, and of course the Riverwalk is right there! The rooms are a bit noisy at night. Seems to me that people would try to gently close their doors at night! I know that I try to!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NJMikeFranklinPark
<Content>Wonderful! Got a dirt cheap package deal including air and hotel from Priceline so wasn't expecting much for the money however we were pleasantly suprised. I called ahead and asked for a room as high up in the tower as possible with a view of the river. The person I spoke with was courteous and pleasant and more improtantly honored my request! We arrived in early afternoon and were checked into a room on the 20th floor in less than 10 minutes. Not only did we have a great view of the river but a fantastic view of the city a well....SPECTACULAR AT NIGHT!!! The room was spotless and nicely appointed with upscale furnishings in shades of rich mahagonies and greens which gave a very plush feel. The bathroom was spotless as well and very well appointed with a marble vanity and complimentary soaps and lotions. Towels were in plentiful supply. The trolley stopped right outside the hotel entrance and wisked us down to the center of N.O. in no time flat. The hotel is connected to a mall which is convenient however we found the stores expensive and nothing out of the ordinary, most of which can be found in just about any mall in the U.S.. One plus is that there is branch of Cafe du Monde in the mall so if have an early morning craving for beignets you don't have to travel all the way down to the other end of the city get a bagfull...its a lot less crowded too. If you like to gamble Caesers is right across the street and even if you don't take a quick walk through anyway. We stayed 5 nights at the Hilton and all in all it was an extremely enjoyable experience and I would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>educationrus
<Content>Great Location We stayed at the Hilton from August 21 -25, 2004. The Hilton was beautiful. This hotel is located in front of Harrah's casino. There are many hotels in the vicinity. The hotel overlooks the Mississippi River and the famous Riverwalk (shopping mall). It is walking distance to the French Quarter and the aquarium. The room was big and luxurious. The air conditioning was perfect. The room service and the restaurants were outstanding. There is a little cafe in the lobby where you can get a bagel and coffee for about $3.00. We stayed there after our cruise and it was wonderful. The cabbie will charge you $7 per person to take you from the pier to the hotel (either direction). From the hotel it will cost you $27 for two people to the New Orleans Airport which is about 30 minutes (in good traffic).We also took Grayline tours to the Bayou and the Planation. You can buy your tickets at the hotel or all over the city, they have booths everywhere. The Bayou/swamp tour was wonderful. They charged you $35 per person. Grayline picked you up at the hotel, drive you out to the Bayou (narrated tour) and then on to a boat. The boat holds about 40 people. Before getting on you are give a hands-on presentation with several swamp animals. The captain of the boat narrates life on the bayou, as you see alligators swimming toward the boat. It was great. The Oak Alley Planation was very interesting to see how the rich lived in the era of southern hospitality. It is about 1 1/2 from New Orleans. The tour is narrated and you get a chance to get a narrated tour of the planation. Then you can wander around and go to the gift shop or cafe. The Hotel was an easy walk to landmarks and action. Harrah's had free jazz entertainment and a fabulous buffet for $7.99 (except Sunday). I will definitely come back to the Riverside Hilton upon my return to New Orleans.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Didn't want to leave! Several members of my family and I spent a week in N.O. July 11-16, 2004. My son and I were lucky enough to stay at the N.O. Hilton Riverside! The room was beautiful and very clean. The view was amazing!! My son and I would sit and watch all the activity out the window before we went to bed every night. The hotel is huge but that made for a great adventure for my 6 year old. He, of course, loved the gameroom and the pool. It is also connected to the Riverwalk mall. This made it very convenient on a rainy afternoon or to run get breakfast beignets at Cafe du Monde. The staff was very friendly and courteous. (Unlike the staff of most other places in N.O. - maybe someone should tell them it is a tourist town!) I would highly recommend this hotel and will definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice view of the city The Hilton is very good (not great), but only if you stay on the concierge floor. The staff is very friendly.The city view is the niciest.If you are in New Orleans, be sure to spend some time at the Aquarium. It is close enough to the hotel that the last time we were there we took the kids twice in one day.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Nice Stay Although I Was Worried At First After reading the reviews of the Hilton I was worried I might get one of the rooms that was mentioned as smelling like mold. I was there for a conference from Aug. 16-19th and when I made reservations I was told I might be in a room with a double bed. However, I was given a very nice (non-smoking) room that had a beautiful view of the river with a king size bed and on a floor that was very quiet. You won't need to rent a car because everything is within walking distance and parking is steep ($22.00 a day) cheaper to take the trolley or public transportation to get around. Also, the ferry on the Riverwalk is free for pedestrians and you can ride it across and back. The bartenders at the Sports Bar were very nice and probably the most hospitable compared to others in New Orleans. For a tourist town they need to teach their servers how to welcome people instead of ignoring them. This happened to people that attended the conference so it was not an isolated problem. Overall the hotel was clean and expect to pay higher prices if you decide to eat in the hotel. Better off going to Decatur Street where it's restaurant row and you'll find a good meal. I would stay at this hotel if I decide to visit New Orleans again.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>icky! I stayed at the Hilton with my family for 3 nights and i wasn't pleased with the room we had. We had the normal suite with 2 double beds and such! But the room we stayed in Smelled AWFUL! The smell of wet soccer stuff after you've played in the rain! Not a good smell! Well sure enough it was Mold! And if you're allergic to mold its not good! I stayed in it for 1 night and the next day i had a hard time breathing and i was coughing and a runny nose the whole lot! I was not a happy camper becasue it ruined my vacation! We were at the Hilton for the International Fire Cheif Assoc. convention! So we asked for a new room and got one that was bigger and much nicer! But i guess the HIlton has some other problems with Mold because a lot of people were complaining about it! I saw some of the other rooms such as the huge suites on the top floors that were really nice so it depends what room you get! But the regular suites we're nothing to brag about!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JoeDogsMom
<Content>Average - but convenient to shopping, the Quarter, etc. Stayed here July 8-11, 2004. Glad we only paid $51/night (priceline). Hotel is huge. We had a newly renovated room, which was nice and clean. However, the walls were thin (screaming kids next door), and doors were extremely loud when shut. Are my husband and I the only hotel guests who are careful to not let the room door slam shut??!! Oh, and do NOT pay to park there...like many hotels in the area, parking is ridiculously expensive. If you want to try your luck (like we did), park in the Harrahs garage (tons of parking), play for 30 minutes, and get free parking for 24 hours. Then, just move your car out and back into the garage and play again the next day. Overall, ok stay here...I'd be unhappy if we'd paid more though!!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Be careful! Spent 5 nights at this hotel last week while attending a conference. Be very careful when you check in that you are actually getting the room that you reserved and paid for! When I checked in on Sat., June 26, the clerk checking me in spent a good deal of time searching for a room for me, explaining that they were very full. (Understandable since it was the conference headquarters hotel.)I had reserved and guaranteed a deluxe room in the tower (the most newly renovated of their rooms, described in great detail in their hotel information) six months earlier through the housing service of our conference. Finally, the clerk said she found a room, but not in the tower, in the low-rise Riverside wing. I asked if it was equal to the deluxe room I reserved (and had already paid for one night - $219 per!) and she promised it was. However, she had to have management unblock the room before she could give it to me. She left the front desk to do that, only to return and say the room had already been taken.Several minutes more of searching for an available room, she suddenly said she found a room, again in the Riverside wing. Again, I asked if this room was equal to the newly renovated, deluxe room I reserved and was paying for. Talking extremely fast and too chipper, she said it was a great room!!! It was pretty evident that she was trying to pull something over on me. However, with her reassurances, I took the room key and off I went. I walked into the room and couldn't believe what I saw! The room was the most decrepit room I had ever seen. It was totally stripped of any amenities. Even the classic/standard rooms are described as coming with more. It was really disgusting - two beds with faded, rumpled bedspreads, a desk with nothing on it, and a small TV propped on a table. Hardly the renovated deluxe room that is described as having a mini-bar, coffee maker, 27 inch oversized TV, etc. I would not have stayed in the room even if they would have given it to me for free! I've heard of hotels upgrading guests when they're in a pinch, but never downgrading to this degree!I immediately called down to the front desk to express my dissatisfaction with the room, and at least I was immediately moved to a lovely deluxe room in the tower. The one I should have been assigned in the first place! The rest of my stay went well, although somehow a charge of some $30 showed up on my bill that wasn't mine, but was promptly removed.Be careful with this Hilton! There are plenty of other, lovely hotels in New Orleans  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent! Stayed at the Hilton Riverside Fri-Sun and couldn't have been more pleased! Excellent customer service, superclean room and great location. Upgraded to a Junior Suite and was well worth it. Plenty of room for entertaining and comfy furnishings. Not a bad thing to say. We'll go back.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wolfchewie
<Content>Glad we didn't pay full price My wife and I were quite disappointed with the Hilton Riverside in New Orleans. She arrived a couple of hours before me and was greated by a MOLE in the room. That's right folks.... not a mole from the reality show, but a mole as in RODENT. She called the front desk and they sent someone up with a rodent trap, who was able to catch the mole. He said something to the effect of oh, well we get moles in here from time to time, no big deal - and left another mole trap on the ground just in case there were more.Right after that she called the front desk to inquire about late-night dining near the hotel. She was basically told by the concierge there is none (side note: there is ALWAYS somewhere open late in that part of town) and to look it up herself. She called a couple of places around the area, only to discover that buried on a pamphlet we would be billed $1 for each local call. Granted this is pretty standard, but it was not prominently displayed near the phone.The first morning we were there we discovered that the Hilton Riverside has paper-thin walls. We could hear every word of the people on both sides of us that happened to get up at 6:30 AM.All I can say is I'm glad we only paid $65 a night for what was purportedly a $150 - $200 a night room. Do not pay full price for this hotel - it looks nice from the outside, but what you will find once you check in is not worth even $65 a night.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KBruni
<Content>Good enough for the money Stayed here over JazzFest in May 04. The hotel is very dated and I found the lobby a little depressing, but the rooms were perfectly adequate(although room service never seems to clean up very thoroughly). Adequate pretty much sums it up--the location is probably its best attribute. I got the room for $55 on Priceline. For Jazzfest that's a steal so I can't complain. More of a 3 star if you ask me.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Melanie N.
<Content>New Orleans: Hilton Riverside: Bourbon Street: Restaurants Stayed at the Hilton Riverside May 7-11, 2004. The hotel was very nice and clean. We checked in about 4pm and did not have to wait in any line. Our room was on the 21st floor overlooking the Mississippi River - and the full moon was beautiful! Loved the location! It was close to everything (shops, restaurants, bars, Harrah's, and the River). We easily walked to Boubon Street, which was very very dirty and stinky - it is lined up with bar after bar and quite a crowd of very drunk people (great place to people watch :-)!). The surrounding streets in the French Quarter were nicely lined with restaurants, bars, and shops. Our favorite restaurants (that we were able to experience) were The Red Fish Grill, The Acme Oyster House, and for the best Po' Boy in town got to Mothers! Would love to go again since there is so much more to see and experience. But beware, drink prices are very expensive - expect to pay $4.00 for a light beer in many of the establishments.  
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay We stayed here for 4 days in two rooms during Jazz Fest. This is a very nice hotel, biggest one in the city, but still very nice. The location is excellant - we walked the several blocks to Bourbon street comfortably. This hotel is part of a very large Riverplace development with many restaurants, stores and a long riverfront on the Mississippi. The prices to eat/drink in the hotel can be quite pricey - avoid them for that and eat at any of the multitude of shops within a short walk, either into the mall area of the Riverplace development, or more appropriate for the city, into the French Quarter across Canal street from the hotel. I highly recommend this hotel. We got our rooms for $90 a night DURING JAZZ FEST through Priceline, but this hotel is considered in the Garden District on Priceline but I would consider it more in the French Quarter - you will be gambling to get it by requesting a 4 star hotel in the Garden District on Priceline. Might be my only stay in this hotel, but it certainly was a great one.  
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The only place to stay We had a wonderful time staying at this hotel for 4 nts a week ago. We had requested a view of the river if possible and were assigned a room with a magnificent river view. We were most impressed with all the staff but particularly the Executive lounge concierges, especially Clancy, who gave us so much helpful advice on tours to book. Nothing was too much trouble.The location is perfect - away from the noise in the French Quarter - but with everything easily accessible - river boats, trolley, shops, Aquarium. We had never been to NOLA and it was pure luck that we went to the Hilton but we will definitely be back.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Surprise I was very pleased with this Hilton Riverside, especially since I was expecting the worst after reading the last several negative reviews. I found our 17th floor room clean, quiet, well kept, and the king bed had us sleeping like rocks! The only time I heard noise, was when a couple stood right outside our door and talked. The check-in process took four minutes, the bellmen were great and very willing to call a cab. The maid didn't get to our room Sunday until 5pm, but it was Easter after all. The Hilton is not in the French Quarter, so it does take about a 15-20 minute walk to get to Bourbon Street. A cab ride costs $5 for two people. We stayed over Easter weekend and had fun! The Hilton was offerring an Easter Sunday Jazz Brunch for $42 a person, which was too steep for us! But I did try the gumbo and crab etouffe at the sports bar, and they were quite good. I would recommend this hotel for the price; but, if you want to be really close to the Quarter this isn't the place. On the other hand, we enjoyed being away from the noise, etc., of the Quarter, so it was perfect for us! And having Harrah's across the street was neat.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kbrun
<Content>Fabulous hotel Just returned from two nights at the Hilton. It truly exceeded my expectations. Great location - walking distance to French Quarter, Riverwalk, streetcar stops, Aquarium, shops,  restaurants. Room had wonderful soft beds  feather pillows. My internet special room was on the 19th floor with a gorgeous view of the Mississippi River. Service was great - checkin, checkout, valet parking. Nice pools  jacuzzi.Truly a bargain compared to the prices of other hotels in or near the French Quarter.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Harrahs Casino From March 15,16,@17 my wife @I went to Harrahs New Orleans on a trip to the casino.We were treated very courteous @ made to feel very welcome Every one was very helpful.As there guest we stayed at the Hilton just across the street from the Casino. There we were treated as very special people. The room was very nice, clean@ fit our needs.Hotel staff was polite @ eager to please. We enjoyed the river view @ didnot find any river noise to bother our rest as other reviews had done. Same for noise on the floor even though there were 2 conventions booked there. All in all the trip was a very enjoyable one @we would not hesitate to return The Lauers  
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>R&RWest
<Content>Perfect location for cruise ship passengers! We stayed two nights prior to leaving on a cruise. Location was great, really enjoyed the riverwalk and Harrahs across the street. Lots of conventions held there, check in took over an hour! Rooms were nice enough, what I expected from Hilton. We walked to the French Qtr and walked to the Peir with our rolling luggage!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>hilton riverside run away to embassy suites the hilton riverside was terrible. They should be ashamed to put Hilton on their hotel. The bathrooms were gross, hair mold, the grout in the tiles need to be redone. The wall are paper thin for noise control. The staff did not seem to care, but they want your money as they type away on their omputers. I left after 2 days and stayed at the embassy suites which I highly recommend. The pictures look great and the location is what they sell, but do not be fooled.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I love Nawlins ... but I won't stay here ever again I have rarely stayed at a hotel for business travel where the food staff was so competent and everyone else was so much the opposite!The hotel itself is sprawling, so be prepared to get lost the first time you go exploring. Directional signs help some but more would be better.Before I list my complaints, let me say the food was above average and room service was decent, considering the hotal was 100+ percent booked. Ya know, I always thought the reason for making a reservation was so whatever you reserved a room,a rental car, a plane seat would be there when you're ready for it.Foolish me. I showed up on the appointed day at the appointed hour and was told brusquely that there was no king bed room available for me, even though my reservation had been made months before. I was given a room with two double beds -- not the best setup, if you're used to a larger bed.Also not a great setup if one bed lies under a large cold air mass generated by the A/C, which had three settings: Off, almost off, and Ice Station Zebra.That left the other bed, which was okay -- except if was farther away from the already tiny television. It did make the heavy pink cast in the old picture tube less noticeable, though.Let's see ... what else should I talk about?- The narrow escalators from the check-in station to the rooms area, which make it very difficult navigation for those carrying luggage of any size.- The cleaner always left floating in the commode- The broken switch on the bedside lamp- The used bath towels that weren't replaced when the room was cleaned- The food residue on the bedside phone- The wakeup call that never came- The closet door that almost falls on you when you try to slide it open.- The messed -up arrangements for a late checkout- The poor service in the sports-themed restaurant. But there is one good thing. The room comes with built-in companions for those who get lonely will traveling. Any time you want company, just switch on the bathroom light and look for the ants on the sink and counter (and in your travel kit, if you leave it where they can reach it). By the way, I'd have been happy to have shared these concerns with the hotel management rather than post them here. But this is the only hotel I've stayed in the last several years that neither lists a website for you nor offers you any kind of feedback or comment forms in your room or at checkout. I guess the feeling is, they don't want to know.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tiff21x
<Content>Glad I stayed Came to the big easy mardi gras opening weekend ..so needless to say it was packed...The hotel is located off one of the busiest streets in New Orleans, Canal St. which happend to be closed off due to parades, so we called the hotel to find the best side route to get there...no one at front desk could clearly expain to us how to take the side streets to get there, which was a little frustrating but finally we got to the Hilton and at once I was extremely impressed...If you've never been to New Orleans and dont know your way around to well this hotel is the best place to stay...right on the Riverwalk, the hotel is connected to the Mall(which was great considering it rained all weekend) right across the street from the Aqaurium, great shops and restaurants...they are plenty of restuarants and bars inside the hotel like 3 or 4 gift shops, and in walking distance to the French quarter...clean nice size rooms ,great employee service especially the bellboys, and spectacular views of the city......  
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, great location! We were at the Hilton Riverside for 6 nights the last week in August. We had a fabulous time. The staff was professional. The Concierge Desk staffs were extremely helpful in booking the various tours around town and in suggesting great places to eat, especially Lobster. The room was large and clean much different from those hotels in the French quarter, many of which looked cramped and dirty. We had a marvelous view from our room and the location of the Hilton riverside is perfect. Its much like the center of a wheel in terms of getting to all the choice locations, The French Quarter, etc. By buying tickets at the Concierge desk, you can be picked up at the hotel and start your tours whether its to plantations or Bayou boat trips through crocodile infested waters. We spent every night in the French Quarter dining at different restaurants. You can take the trolley behind the hotel to the French Quarter or walk, its that close, to Jackson Square and the French Market. The trolley can be picked up outside of the Hilton and then drop you off right behind the Cafe Du Monde in the French Quarter for its famous powdered sugar Beignets and Chicory flavored Coffee. Many nights after dinner, we would wind our way through the streets of the French Quarter to the Cafe Du Monde to have late night Beignets and Coffee. We chanced upon a Mardi Gras style festival in the French Quarter called the Southern Decadence Festival which occurs the last weekend of August into September. Its an end of summer blowout and very wild. Just to the side of the Hilton Riverside is NOLAs World Trade Center. Though disconcerting to me at first, I am a New Yorker, I found they have a late night bar/nightclub at the top with a breathtaking view of the city and river. This was our first visit to NOLA, just the two of us. It is definitely a town with a hopping nightlife. The Hilton is without a doubt the best place to stay for location, location, and location.We would recommend it to anyone!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do Not Recommend the Hilton Riverside Recently stayed for 3 nights at the Hilton Riverside and was not impressed. The hotel staff were unfriendly at check in and when I got into the room there was no soap! I requested a quiet room, only to find out that there is a train that runs NEXT TO the hotel at all hours. There's no escaping the sound of the train in this hotel. Also, the lines to check in were at least 10 people long most of the time. I found the room to be marginally clean, but not what I would expect from a Hilton. There must be better places to stay in New Orleans than this hotel. I'd skip it.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wackyjack
<Content>Hilton is a Great Hotel! We stayed at the Hilton on Oct. 24. We have stayed here several times before. We get comped rooms from Harrahs. The hotel is very large, but super nice. The check-in lines can be long when they have conventions. The rooms are very nice with nice furnishings and a large TV (great for the hubby). We have always been happy here. We can walk across the street to Harrahs, and I feel save walking back by myself late at night. Will stay here again and again.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2003
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I can do my marathon in this Hilton The Hilton Riverside is a nice hotel, at the top of a shopping mall, good service and huge, but HUGE come with problem...I got a room at the end of the hallway, everytime go to my room was like running a marathon, lucky for me I'm young, but I can see it will be a problem for older people.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was a great experience. I had a great time at the hotel, it was everything that was advertised, the room was great, the service was great, the employees were very courteous  caring. will stay again when visiting new orleans.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NWLAteacher
<Content>Stay at the Hilton!! Forget the reviews! My family took a long weekend trip to New Orleans last week for Labor Day. I had always wanted to stay at this Hilton and booked a good deal (thanks to AAA). But the negative reviews almost changed my mind. Thank goodness we stayed there anyway. It was wonderful. Checkin was a little hairy with tons of people in line, but moved remarkably fast. We first got a room on the 17th floor with a great view, but decided to move because of a noisy utility closet across the hall. No problem! We moved down to the 5th floor with an atrium view and everything was fine. The room was elegant (although a tiny bit small). But then, who stays in their room in N.O. anyway? The weather got rainy and so we simply walked down into the Riverwalk for some shopping and eating. That made the stay worthwhile in itself. It's a great location, wonderful rooms, helpful staff and close to the Poydras streetcar line that takes you right to Jackson Square. Ignore the other reviews, take a chance on the Hilton!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A MUST STAY for a No Hassle, Clean and Safe Vacation We were at the Hilton Riverside for 4 nights this past weekend. We had an amazing time. The staff was very professional. I am so glad that we stayed there. The room was large and CLEAN, CLEAN CLEAN.I make a strong point of stating this as while in the French quarter a lot of the hotels looked dirty. We even had dinner in a hotel restaurant in the Quarter and the bathroom was the hotel lobby bathroom, and it was so disgusting it was more like a porta potty.We are frequent travelers and when we travel, we expect a certain level of cleanliness and professionalism at the place we choose as our home away from home. If you want a hotel filled with service people that will talk your ear off about the local attractions and old stories about the town etc, well you can go to Pat O'Briens and sit with the bartender for a drink and he will let you know everything. This hotel is very big, and yes set up perfect for a convention. We also had a marvelous view from our room and did I mention that it was CLEAN.The location of the Hilton riverside is perfect. If you have been doing your homework about New Orleans, you will see mention of seedy neighborhoods, and to be careful. The Hilton Riverside is right on the Mississippi river, across the street from Harrah's and on the other side of the Hotel is the riverwalk. The riverwalk is a long beautiful stretch of a park like walk that starts at the Hilton and ends right at the foot of Jackson Square and the French Market. This area is very clean and we felt very safe in this area at all hours of the day and night. If you choose to walk north to get to Bourbon Street, you will find it to be a very generic city street. The beauty of NOLA can really be enjoyed via the riverwalk and then going right into Jackson Square.Along the Riverwalk is the Aquarium, just a five minute walk from the Hotel, and if you did not feel like walking you could take the Street Car one stop to get there (although they may look at you as if you are a little lazy). The riverboat to the Zoo also departs at this point. Both are beautiful exhibits and we did one on one day and the other on the next.The walk to the middle of the French Quarter is about 15 minutes. No hills at all in town so the walking is easy. However, after the first day we opted to buy a Visitors Travel Pass for the public transportation including the Street Car, which we purchased right outside of the Hilton. There are two streetcars that we rode while in NOLA - the Riverside and the Charles. The riverside stopped right out side of the hotel lobby. It has benches and when we wanted to go into the heart of the French quarter, we would just go out to the stop, sit on a bench, wait for the next one, and then get on. It came by every 10 to 15 minutes. It is a very pretty ride, and what was great is that in the morning you could literally be picked up outside of the Hilton and then be dropped of right behind at Cafe Du Monde in the morning for the famous Beignets and Coffee. A secret is that there is another cafe du monde in the Riverwalk Mall that is attached to the Hilton. Therefore, you can get the great taste without the big crowd and if you are an early riser, you can run and pick them up and bring them back to your room as a morning surprise.For buying souvenirs etc, the cheapest place we found was the French market, also right off the streetcar. If you don't see anything there, the items in the riverwalk mall are the same prices as any you woudl find in the Quarter stores.The St.Charles Street car is about 3 blocks north of the Hilton.While at the Hilton, we enjoyed the pool and Jacuzzi, which was a great place to just relax. We also enjoyed great air conditioning in the hotel with our own digital thermostat in our room.We ate at Kabby's the hotel restaurant one night, and we had the most amazing steaks (the filet and the Kansas), they were awesome. After 3 days of eating cajun/creole/fried fish fish fish in town we needed a change, we did not sample any of Kabby's local fare, but am confident it would be great.As for anyone that said that, they had problems with the Hilton all I can say is that we had some confusion over the rate of the room, which stemmed from the corporate side of Hilton and the Hilton Riverside more than compensated for it. Above and beyond in service.This was our first visit to NOLA, just the two of us. It is definitely a town with a hopping nightlife; the open container law is anything you want in a plastic cup. So a little crazy at times in the Quarter. I am certain if I brought children with me, I would not want to stay in the Quarter. It would be like sleeping over a club/bar - boom boom boom all night.The Hilton is definitely the best place to stay for location. We looked at staying at some hotels up by Lee Circle, and we are so glad that we did not because they would have been way to out of the way from the action. In addition, if you stay at some of the other strip hotels outlining the French Quarter, you miss the view and the feeling as if you are really in a little gem of a city.Please keep in mind as you read the other reviews, people (including myself) are more likely to write to these sites or send letters when their had a bad experience. We had an amazing time and hope you get to really enjoy NOLA the way we did, and if we didn't stay at the Hilton, we would have missed out on a lot.When you check in to the Hilton Riverside as the person at the desk to let, Eric J. know his friends from NY sent you there. We told him that we would let everyone know how wonderful he and the staff made our stay.Have a great time.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>hilton new orleans just spent three nights at the hilton,although i got what i paid for which was a big discounted rate,this hotel is a standard corporate hotel and the staff our cold,but the rooms were decently well appointed,however beware the room walls our paper thin and you can hear the guest very clearly in the next room.i would most certainly in future stay at a hotel in the french quarters which brings out the charm of new orleans to its fullest,the hilton is more like a big huge hotel.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel !!! We had a wonderful time. Hotel was beautiful. The room was spacious. Our room had real furniture (not generic hotel furniture) and was decorated nicely. The bed was great. The hotel being connected to the Riverwalk was nice and the trolley stopped right outside the hotel which made getting around easy. I would definiatly stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful but pricey Stayed at the Riverside in August, 2002 for five nights. This was my first visit to New Orleans. The hotel is beautiful and so convenient. Connects directly to the Riverwalk mall, across the street from Harrah's, an easy walk to Bourbon Street and the charm of being right on the Mississippi River. The price is steep but in line with most large, chain hotels and worth it.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location but noisey We've stayed at this hotel many times on business and it does have a great location but if you are noise sensitive you should seriously consider staying somewhere else. The walls are paper thin, you can hear the phone ringing, people talking etc. in the next room. Not to mention hallway doors opening and closing all night. Other than that the rooms are ok although slightly below par for a Hilton. Stay in the towers if possible for the complimentary breakfast and afternoon appetizers. Very nice view atmosphere in the Towers lounge. Kabby's lounge has fairly disgusting food through, and if you are paying for a meal you should really eat outside the hotel. New Orleans has some great restaurants, none of which are in this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

