<Author>dogsareforlife
<Content>Wow - still an oasis of understated luxury We stayed at this Sofitel between Thanksgiving and 1 December. We'd previously stayed here in 2002 and I am seriously impressed that the quality of both the accommodations and the service at this hotel has not noticably diminished with time. We arrived at around 2.30pm and our room was already available - we were upgraded to a suite on the 29th floor with a great view of the Chrysler Building and Bryant Park 1Check in was super friendly and welcoming - our stay could not have got off to a better start. The suite was just as I remembered- - clean, spacious, comfortable and very VERY quiet. We never heard another guest during our entire stay. Bathroom amenities include a power shower with fantastic water pressure, a soaking tub and other little touches including robes, huge fluffy towels, slippers and Roger  Gallet Oatmeal toiletries(excellent for those with sensitive skin - not too perfumed). Room service was excellent as was the housekeeping - everything was replenished daily and extras always left. We had fresh flowers in our bedroom (orchids) and a single orchid in the bathroom. The turn down service left a box of chocolates and bottles of water every evening. We didn't use the hotel restaurant or bar as we were out and about a lot so I cannot comment on these facilities. There is a mini bar in the room and the prices weren't too outrageous by big city standards - however it would still be nice to have tea and coffee making facilities for first thing in the morning... On the day of our departure I asked for a late check-out which was granted with pleasure (I asked for 4.00pm - although we actually left at 3.00pm) There was a slight problem with my bill at check out but this was modified immediately with apologies from the staff. The concierge and the door men offered umbrellas and assistance when it rained and were able to call a cab to the airport without delay - great service and always with asmile. Overall I would categorise this hotel as understated luxury - quiet,efficient and charming. The Staff go out of their way to be both welcoming and helpful. Add to that the brilliant location and I don't think you can get a better deal in this city.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>travelguruLiverpool
<Content>Tranquility in the middle of Manhattan at the Sofitel       view from Sofitel room New York  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>DorsetWeekenders
<Content>Fabulous comfy beds! Stayed at Sofitel over Thanksgiving 2008 with my sister for four nights. The reception area is very welcoming and the staff courteous and polite. We had a room on the 21st floor and had no problem with street noise at all. Views were good. The hotel is superbly situated very close walking distance to 5th Ave, Times Square with good restaurants, Grand Central Station (good breakfast venue opposite) and the Rockefellar centre. The bathroom was spacious and it was useful to have the separate bath and shower cubicle. Room service prices are quite high, so we used a local deli for snacks. Being truly British girls we couldn't do without our tea in the morning and I took a kettle and t bags with us, as the hotel don't provide these as complimentary. They provide bottled water each night at 'turndown'.The bar is great and we drank there on a couple of occassions arriving back worn out and desperate for a Bud. Best of all was the bed..the most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept in..like snuggling into a cozy nest, especially when you are so exhausted! Didn't eat in the hotel, as we felt it rather pricey. Found good breakfast locally (not the Red Flame Diner - thought it too tacky! - you can do better elsewhere).Thank you for previous reviews, I booked this hotel on the back of these, and I would recommend the Sofitel to anyone seeking a very central comfortable hotel. It may be more pricey than some others but the extra is worth every penny in terms of location and comfort, and we would stay there again, without hesitation.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Feea
<Content>Fantastic hotel ! My husband and I stayed here for a week over Christmas - we both loved the hotel. On arrival, we were greeted by friendly reception staff who informed us that we had been upgraded as it was my birthday! We had a lovely room on the 27th floor with an amazing view of the Crysler building. The room was perfect - gorgeous bathroom, comfortable bed and linen, flatscreen tv, safe, mini bar etc. It was serviced thoroughly everyday and we also had a turn down service in the evening. We did not eat in the restaurant, although had booked to on Christmas Day. However, we changed our minds when we saw the menu was not the one we were shown the day before. Gaby's is great for evening cocktails and yes, it is probably expensive, but we were on a holiday (and birthday treat) of a lifetime so didn't worry! I would definitely stay at this hotel again if I visited NYC. The only thing that bugged us a bit was that you could hear the lifts continually going up and down all the time from our room but this was a minor concern.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DublinTourist2009
<Content>Metti Made the Experience Unique We recently stayed at the Sofitel for the fourth time for a five night break. All of the staff were excellent, in particular Metti. Metti made us feel at home from start to finish. As usual, the Sofitel is ideally located in the heart of everything to do in New York. We thoroughlly enjoyed our stay.Mary and Eddie  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Emmy1778
<Content>Good Hotel in NYC The Sofitel was a nice, clean hotel in NYC, but very pricey. Rooms are modern and clean with large bathrooms and nice TV's. We got a room on the 21st floor with a good view of the city. The bed and linens were very comfy. The lobby's not much to look at and seems worn. The best thing about the hotel is the location, 2 blocks from almost everything. Staff was friendly, although the concierge could have been a bit more helpful. Overall a good experience with no real complaints. The Red Flame restaurant right down the street is a good place for breakfast at a reasonable price. Would stay again if ever in NYC again.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>Target08
<Content>Average at Best Just finished our weekend getaway at the Sofitel and it was average. Obiviously the room was small. We booked a luxury king room on the 16th floor. At night you can here the water running down from the upper floors everytime someone used the bathroom. The shower had a temperature lock on it so that you can't turn the water any hotter. There is only one sink with horrible water control. The view was terrible. The pillows were awful. The bed is comfortable. No one so far has mentioned that parking is $50.00 per night with a $45 fee for retrieving your car (in addition). The location is very good and close to most destinations. We did not eat at the hotel but we did eat at Mesa Grill (also average) and Koi (very good). We also saw Wicked (highly recommended).  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>monbri9931
<Content>5th Stay at the Sofitel As a little background this will be my fifth consecutive stay at the Sofitel in New York City. For the past five years my wife and I have stayed at the hotel because of the location, charm, and service and quality of rooms. The first two years (reviews posted) the service was impeccable and without question the staff would ensure every request was met. Last year (2007) there was a noticeable decline in the hotel (rugs worn, walls slightly damaged) but I guess that is expected. The limo forgot to pick us up at the airport and I had to call 4-5 times to finally have a car pick us up. In all fairness this was not the hotels fault but the car company they were using at the time. Well, sadly this year will most likely be our last at the Sofitel. The service has further digressed and the rooms are starting to show their age. We had a problem with the air conditioner vent (rattling) that could not be resolved, someone was smoking cigars on the floor, and we were told the odor would go away in time. But here is the thing that will make me look at another hotel next year. On our second day of a four day stay we came back to the room after a day in the city to find the room had been somewhat cleaned, but the pillows had no pillow cases, no duvet and half the towels were missing. When I notified the front desk they thought I was joking. Sure enough after they checked they could not explain the oversights but said, they would try and get someone up to the room as soon as possible. Well, 30 minutes later housekeeping showed up and said, sorry I forgot. Are you kidding me? You forgot. Not to belabor this point, there has been a change at the Sofitel and I am not sure it is for the good. Is it still a good hotel, yes? Just not great anymore for the money you spend.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>EastBayTraveler
<Content>Best place I've stayed in NYC I travel to NYC on business a few times a year. I've stayed at Hilton on Sixth, Sheraton, Plaza, Grand Hyatt, Waldorf, and Kitano. Sofitel, dollar for dollar, beats them all by a mile. Terrific location. Quiet and elegant lobby, if not a grand one in the classic tradition. Good-sized rooms, nicely appointed with quality furniture and touches, and generously-sized bathroom with great sink space and blasting shower. Flat screen TV, Bose radio, plenty of desk space, and very comfortable mattress and bedding. Service was very fine, from the doormen to the desk and restaurants. Pricey, pricey food, but what can you expect. Breakfast pastries alone almost worth the arm and leg for some eggs and juice. Small bar but friendly and skilled bartender, with little plate of munchies free with the drink (some sort of fancy cracker and olives). Gym has several machines, several aerobic machines, weights, balls, mats, towels, water -- not a ton of extra space, but not claustrophobic (unlike, say, the rooms in the LA Biltmore workout center). Paid around $375 /night for a business trip -- not for the faint of heart, but a fair price for what you get. My hotel of choice, by far, in NYC (or at least Midtown).  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FredTravelVa
<Content>My new home in NYC I just finished my first stay in NYC at the Sofitel (two nights, Sunday and Monday). Over the years, I have probably stayed at 20 hotels in NYC. Many are just mediocre and the city itself seems to take a toll on hotels.The Sofitel is a great experience for midtown Manhattan. The room is larger than a closet, and homey in feel, which puts it at about the top 2 in NYC hotel experiences out of 20. The bed was comfortable and the room generally well-appointed. I loved the views of the Chrysler Building, and the rooms are on the 20th floor and above so there is no street noise.The bathroom was clean and modern with a separate shower area distinct from the tub. Room service was prompt and the food very good. Room service is a tricky thing to pull off in NYC. I ate three meals in my room no complaints at all, and the food was better than restaurant quality food at many NYC locations. A plus on room service.Front desk and general service were excellent. My only B-level marks were for housekeeping which did, I thought, a B-plus job. All other services aspects were A or A plus.The fitness center is nice and they provide headphones and wipes for wiping down the equipment. (It amazes me how many hotels blow the fitness center.) I'd love for them to expand the fitness center, but I didn't have to wait for a treadmill.The lobby is small, so if you like to hang out in the lobby, try another hotel. And if you need six stars rather than five stars, try the St. Regis (and be prepared to pay for it). If you want a terrific homey, quiet NYC experience the Sofitel is it.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>SteveLeicestershire
<Content>Great hotel, great location! We had originally booked for the Waldorf Astoria but having seen recent reviews changed to the Sofitel. We weren't disappointed. We arrived around midnight in a very cold New York but the welcome was very warm. We were shown to our room which was spacious, had a great bathroom with views onto the Empire State and Chrysler Buildings. We ate breakfast in the Red Flame Grill a few yards from the hotel as recommended by other reviewers and couldn't fault it. The hotel has a great location - just off 5th Avenue and great shopping and within a few minutes walk of Times Square and Grand Central Station. The staff were very friendly and helpful and we were given a 3pm checkout on our last day - just 15 minutes before we were due to be picked up for the airport. The bed was really comfortable and despite it's central location we had virtually no noise - just the very occasional emergency vehicle siren that you get in any big city. We didn't use the hotel restaraunt as there are so many great places to eat nearby we explored New York's cuisine. We would certainly recommend the Sofitel and would stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SMBhicago
<Content>Lovely hotel with european style, but lacking a certain something. Stayed here recently in one of the larger queen bed rooms. The location of the hotel was great, I had a view of the Chrysler Building out my window, and I was shocked at how quiet and restful it was inside my room. The room service food was delicious, but be warned: each time estimate they gave me (i.e. your breakfast will be there in 30 minutes, ma'am) was off by at least double. One time it took 1.5 hours to get a sandwich up, but at least they comped me. My two main complaints are: the towels and robes feel as scratchy as sandpaper and the lobby is blah. So, the towels. For a room that retails for over $2k a night (we got a better deal, but still), the towels were unbelievably scratchy, and shouldn't be. Worth noting, the bed was super comfortable and soft sheets, though the down comforter on top was very hot, and it was frustrating that there was no blanket on the bed as a lighter option. Second, the lobby. For a upscale NYC hotel, I would have hoped for more ambiance and action in the lobby, something more Ian Schraeger-esque. As another reviewer said, it's more like a very stylish pass-through. A missed opportunity on their part, I think. Overall, liked this hotel very much, perfect for an upscale business travel visit (as long as you're careful when you plan your room service calls before meetings) or fun trip to the city...  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>Dazzler-TA
<Content>Great for a first timer to NYC I was really surprised to find a package deal on Expedia that included a hotel ranked (by Tripadvisor) as third in New York.The good:(1) The location is absolutely superb. You capture the essence of NYC as you are jammed between 5th Ave and Broadway - Times Square is two blocks away.(2) The gym is great, with plenty of machines, free weights and towels. Another good feature of the gym is that it is open 24/7 via the swipe access card used for your room.(3) The bed is awesome, and there is lots of warmth in the room with controllable heating / air conditioning. I did appreciate a window that opened as well, as sometimes the cleaning staff sprayed an awful 'air freshener' that made the room smell stale and off.(4) The front door men are very genuine and helpful - and extremely knowledgeable. Make sure you ask them for help or direction if you are unsure - and then remember that they deserve a tip at the end of your journey.(5) Power shower and big bath - always bonuses when you spend the day walking the streets.The little things:(1) The rooms are decent size and well appointed. The decor is great - although I still can鈥檛 work out why we had a picture of the Eiffel Tower in our room!(2) Bath robes and extra towels are a nice touch. The so so:(1) There is not much of a view from where we were, but that was ok - you are in New York. If you want views go outside!(2) The desk service and concierge are ok. Nothing special - nothing bad - just run of the mill...I would stay here again, but only for the gym and the location. Other than that, I would look for somewhere cheaper.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	1	

<Author>csmac
<Content>Decent location and bed, the rest... To start with the positive: terrific location with 5th Ave and Broadway on your doorstep. The bed was, as expected in any Sofitel, comfortable.And now the less good. The suite was not ready on arrival at 3pm. when it was finally available, the heating had been left switched off - took ages to warm the place up. There was no heating equipment whatsoever in the bathroom: let me repeat that - no heating, in December, in New York in a $900+ a night room! The aircon was noisy and on the 27th floor, the whirring of the hotel's roof fans was way too audible.Rooms looked tired. So-so view. Housekeeping adequate but only just. Front desk staff (Eric, I'm talking about you) seemed a trifle clueless.Public areas nice enough with an attractive bar area. Service in both the bar and hotel varied from indifferent to poor.Not a patch on the London Sofitel, with only its location to recommend it.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>Hackney13
<Content>great location; not bowled over by hotel The vast majority of reviews of this hotel are positive and there is certainly no denying the location is perfect, within easy walking distance of all the main tourist and shopping attractions.The rooms are comfortable and well equipped but not perfect. The curtains in our room (918) were stained, the flat panel TV had just been plonked on the table blocking half the mirror (not a big deal but shows a lack of thought) and the hair drier provided was a joke for a good quality hotel charging these prices. Housekeeking provided something better immediately on request but surely that should have been standard. Small points but ones that make the difference between a great hotel and a good one.Most disappointing was the lack of any heart or soul in the communal areas. The reception, lobby, concierge desk and bar all are located in discrete sections of the ground which make you feel as if you are just passing through a series of rooms rather than being in a building with any warmth or atmosphere. Silly point to make but having stayed earlier this year in the Sofitel Water Tower in Chicago which was great, I had high expectations for New York and it fell short.Suffice to say, given the huge choice of hotels in NYC and many in equally good locations, I will try elsewhere for my next trip rather than return to the Sofitel.The service in the bar was also shockingly slow - but maybe we are just quick drinkers!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>AnnaTeresa
<Content>Better than best review Arrived via taxi from La Guardia - driving into 44th from 6th saw scaffolding on left which obliterated sign for Sofitel - panic - but when we arrived at door our expectations were surpassed. Such friendly and efficient staff from front door to reception to housekeeping - faultless. The convenience for all attactions was amazing and we have no hesitation in recommending hotel to our friends and family. Stayed 15-20 October and weather was beautiful. We will return!! Got breakfast in diner with scaffolding (Red Flame) (on going works on upper floors) great breakfast and cheap! Endless coffee!  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>chrisk72
<Content>the best hotel in nyc I've been to new york at least twice a year now for ages and this was the best hotel i've ever stayed in.we were in room 2028with a view of the rock. staff were superb and we dined therequite a lot and were recognised and welcomed every night.the rooms were spotless, the location was perfect for shopping and dining. I would not even think about another hotel in nyc  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>YorkshireTraveller12
<Content>Ideal base in New York Just back from a 4 night stay at the Sofitel and enjoyed it. We stayed in room 2021, the bed was so comfortable and the bathroom had a large shower. The only down side was that we booked a smoking room and had that confirmed in an email but when we arrived no smoking rooms were available so they said that although our room was officially non smoking they would send us up an ashtray, and despite that and also asking the chambermaid twice, no ashtray ever arrived over the 4 days that we stayed but it did not detract from our stay.As others have said the hotel is in a great location being only 2 blocks from Broadway. As we were only on the 20th floor we overlooked the roofs and back walls of other hotels but did have a great view of the Chrysler Building which looks brilliant at night when it is lit up.Others have mentioned the Red Flame diner as being good, the food is very good and it is only about 100 yards from the hotel, turn right when leaving the hotel.Another good place for breakfast is Ellens Starlight Diner on Broadway, about 51st Street and Broadway I think.For dinner and drinks try the St Andrews bar, again turn right when leaving the hotel and it is 1 block down and on the left, the food is very good and they have English beers on tap and a mind boggling array of whiskey.Overall we enjoyed the stay and Vladimir on the concierge desk was very helpful, pleasant and knowledgeable. All other staff were pleasant and when we left the doorman got us a great deal on the trip to Newark airport by getting us a Lincoln town car, a nice little touch of luxury, and it cost $15 dollars less than the yellow taxi that we got from Newark to the hotel when we arrived.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	3	4	

<Author>b00jum
<Content>Superb Hotel and Rooms If only all hotels were like this one! Now we know why it enjoys such a good rating on Trip Advisor!Hotel Website seems to be the cheapest place to book?This hotel is a truly lovely one to stay in. The rooms are maintained to a very high standard. There is a large flat screen television, the bedding and pillows are perfect and there is even a Bose radio with easy to operate alarm clock in the room. Room 1403 which was allocated to us had a separate shower to the bath, always a nice feature rather than having a shower curtain over the bath. Reception and entrance to the hotel is of a high standard and there were no faults or difficulties, in fact, if all hotels worked like this one there would never be any need for any complaints. Overall a great experience and somewhere to return to in New York merely yards from Fifth Avenue so great for shopping as well as seeing the sights of New York.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>GMDUB
<Content>Very Good Good location and very clean hotel. Staff very friendly and very close to Time Square  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LindsayP
<Content>Great hotel, great location, great service We booked this hotel based on the reviews on this site. We were not disappointed! We were upgraded to a King room on the 22nd floor with an amazing view of the Chrysler building. The rate we had included breakfast which was lovely, but I wouldn't have paid for it separately as I would say it was quite pricey for what you got.The concierge was so helpful (they confirmed restaurant and airport transfer reservations for us) and the doormen really friendly.The room was lovely and spacious and the bed, I promise, is the best bed I have EVER slept in. I need to invest in one of those fluffy duvet style mattress covers...  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>h0d
<Content>Nothing to fault Sofitel offers a well located respite from the city. We recently stayed for three nights and can't fault any aspect of the hotel's service throughout our stay. Location just off Fifth Ave and two minutes to Times Square offers close proximity on an upmarket quiet cross street with neighbouring bars, restaurants better than most in the neighbourhood. Good size rooms and bathrooms; faultless service. No complaints.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>JeremyinWales
<Content>Good Quality Hotel, Central Location We stayed for four nights and found the hotel to be exactly as most other reviewers had described. The location is very good, midway between 5th and 6th Avenues, and only 5 minutes walk from Times Square and Grand Central Station.The rooms were excellent, and spotlessly cleaned daily. The staff at the hotel were very helpful on checking in and checking out, but to be honest, other than the doorman when we departed, had very little contact with us during our stay.I had read before travelling that many people recommended the local diner for breakfast. (The Red Flame) - excellent place with plenty served up.The internet area was a little small, and quite often too busy too try to check emails etc. This could be improved by the hotel. Otehrwise, would recommend to anyone visiting New York.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	2	

<Author>ncs999
<Content>Great Location My wife and I stopped at the Sofitel for three nights in October 2008. It was the final leg of a world trip celebrating our 25th wedding anniversary. It was great ! A warm  friendly welcome with a great comfortable room. WE had everything we expected. Yes, the room was a little on the small side but it gave us what we wanted. This was our first visit to New York, without doubt the location was great, 3 minutes from Times Square. WE WOULD BOOK AGAIN  RECOMMEND TO OUR FRIENDS. One tip, if you go for the bus tour where you just jump on and off, go for the blue bus city tour and not the red bus tour. There are loads more blue buses than red ones.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Sumobear
<Content>Perfect stay Just got back from a 3 night stay in NY and the hotel was just perfect from the moment we arrived to departure. As soon as we climbed off the shuttle, staff were on hand to welcome us take cases to our room.We quickly checked in and had been given an upgraded room on the 19th floor with lots of space and the most comfortable king size bed ever. Beautiful bathroom and excellent facilities throughout.All staff very helpful throughout and room service brought my wife a complimentary cheesecake up to the room on our arrival as we were there after her birthday. Not much I know but it was unexpected, a great surprise and showed just how much they cared about there guest.All fantastic.I saw other reviewers mention the RedFlame diner a few doors away. Went everyday for breakfast and loved that too. Very well worth a visit or 3  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MikeHibb666
<Content>You don't need to worry - very nice hotel Just back from a 3 night stay over the weekend at the Sofitel. As usual, I booked this on the strength of it's reviews and I expect I'll be staying again in the future.The location is good for everything I wanted to do/see as it's fairly central. A 5 min walk to the west and you're at Times Square (and just beyond that, Madison Square Garden - Well Done Joe Calzaghe - what a great night!). 2 Mins to the east and you're on Fifth Ave. The other plus point of the location is that it fronts onto 44th and 45th Streets, both of which aren't too busy at night and, hence, don't suffer from too much traffic noise (I didn't notice any whatsoever from the 12th floor).Everywhere within the hotel is absolutely spotless.The Bar is nice, although it closes to residents at 1:00am (but there are nearby bars open 'til 4:00am).We only used the restaurant once for dinner as we packed quite a lot into our trip but, again, the food was good.Others may disagree but I actually didn't find the staff overly friendly - they were very good and efficient and helped with any queries but they just didn't seem to smile very much. This isn't a big issue though and you'd be hard pushed to find anything of any substance to gripe about.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lanniepannie
<Content>highly recommended I booked a trip to NYC as a surprise for my boyfriends 30th at the end of oct for 4 nights. when it came to hotels sofitel stood out when reading the reviews on tripadvisor. I was a little apprehensive that it wouldn't live up to the hype but thankfully I have to say that it did. location was ideal. arriving at the hotel to see the bright lights of times sq along the street was great. best parts for me were:(1)the friendly approachable staff- especially the fantastic concierge service who sorted out trips/tickets for us and suggested the perfect place for a meal and night out on the town!!(2)the bed was truely comfortable, after a long day of sight-seeing. we had a queen size room and it was more than spacious enough. (3)the cocktails at the bar were fantastic and the bar girl was more than happy to make us cocktails that weren't on the menu - possibly the best long island ice tea we've tasted!!overall, I would definately recommend sofitel, its higher priced but very worth it.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Mollymae5
<Content>Excellent Hotel I Stayed in theis hotel for three nights while on a shopping break in the big apple.The location of the hotel is excellent, mid town just off 5th Ave.we booked in early in early and received an upgrade, the room we got was beautiful and spacious , the bathroom was also spacious.We found the staff to be very helpful. There is quite a niec bar int the hotel, relaxing after a days shopping. We only ate one evening in the hotel and the meal was lovely. Breakfast is expensive when compared to deli's in the surrounding area as are drinks when compared to home- wine $13 .Overall we were delighted with the hotel, I picked it on tripadvisor's recommendations and was not disappointed and I think it added to our trip!! and would stay there again  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mayomandan
<Content>Beautiful Hotel This is a great place to stay in NYC. The hotel is located on 44/45th streets between 5th and 6th aves. It's close to Times Square, Bryant Park (Ice rink here at the moment), Subway, and plenty of restraurants (and obviously, 5th Ave!). We stayed in a Queen room, which would be the most basic thay have, but it was lovely. The bed was really comfortable with loads of fluffy pillows! Slippers and dressing robes provided and a huge TV. We were also given bottles of Evian each evening.This room was a lovely place to return to after a long day's trotting around the city.The bar and restraurant downstairs is nice, but food was overpriced. They're aimimg high with their menu, a sort of fine dining experience, but they're not quite hitting the mark, so I'd go elsewhere. If that's the sort of food you're after, try DB Bistro Moderne which is two doors down the street (on 44th heading towards 6th ave); the fois gras stuffed burger is pretty original!There's also an organic deli a few doors away on 45th street. If you're a foodie, tread carefully in NYC. Don't just pop in to what looks nice, get a good guide book and take your time!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tipp056
<Content>Sofitel is grand..... As all the other reviewers have said this hotel lovely, from lobby to bathroom its beautiful. Our room was on the 16th floor, no great view. My main complaint is, when I checked in I was informed that the privilage card was been replaced by some other card and that all points would have to be used up by Feburary 2009.... fair enough. Oh, and by the way the free drink at check in in no longer available, darn..... Ok..... and ah, the late checkout is no longer available either, oh come on..... they could have emailed me and informed me about the changes....  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Molly033
<Content>Loved the Sofitel Just returned from a four night break in NYC staying in the Sofitel. I agree with previous reviewers, the location is excellent for all the major landmarks. The Hotel is really lovely. We got upgraded to a suite on the top floor (29)! The food in the hotel was really good. We mostly ate off the bar menu and it was not expensive at all for what we got. It was a pleasant surprise. We did have breakfast in the Red Flame down the street as recommended by other reviewers but we found that it was really too much food, however it was a typical american diner and loved the experience. Would definitely stay at the Sofitel Hotel again and would recommend it to everyone.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GabiandToby
<Content>Perfect location for a citytrip We stayed there for five nights in a Standart Room. The location of the hotel is just fantastic! It is just a 5 Minute walkt to Times Square and 5th Avenue. The room was very clean and hat all the comfort we needed. Despite the central location it was not noisy at all during the night. I was very surprised and I can recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>britney2630
<Content>Loved the Sofitel! We stayed in the Sofitel New York for 5 nights and I honestly cannot fault the hotel. The location is spot on - couple of blocks away from Times Square/Broadway/ 5th Avenue..... The room size for New York is really good, comfy large bed and a massive flat screen TV. The room was spotlessly clean and had a good powerful shower and we never heard any outside noise.We had a couple of drinks in the hotel bar which was good and as the drinks in New York are expensive everywhere; the drinks were competively priced and you got the bonus of sum complimentary cheesy snacks and olives!I would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WaryDubai
<Content>Great Hotel! My husband and I have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Sofitel. The hotel is clean and comfortable and our king-size room was a pleasant surprise after all the comments about small hotel rooms in NYC. The hotel is ideally located for exploring the tourist sites. The concierge is helpful and will book restaurants, transport etc 'with pleasure' We also found the doorman absolutely great at finding taxis! With two other hotels nearby, that was not always an easy task and he did it so cheerfully  willingly - even going further down the street to locate any taxis that were free. We checked in very late and were greeted courteously by the friendly staff on duty. Our allocated room was on a very high floor - I had requested a view - but when I confirmed that it was just too high for me, there was no problem about moving to a different (bigger!) room on a lower floor.We had good room service and it was lovely returning after a tiring day, to a turned-down, very comfy bed, with great linen! Receiving a small box of chocolates on the pillow was an extra, pleasant surprise (although we did wonder why that happened on only one night!). We enjoyed breakfast at the hotel (we found the nearby cafes were not up to the standard we expected in the USA) - and cocktails and coffee with 'nibbles' in the lounge, provided a pleasant respite before dinner. Our only grouse would be about the brunch  dinner menus, which were rather uninspired. Two waiters we'd like to commend, for being helpful and attentive - while also not intruding were .... Edmund and the tallest waiter in the restaurant, -whose name unfortunately we didn't get, as he wasn't wearing a nametag.We would return to Sofitel NYC, because of the good attitude of staff towards clients and its fantastic location.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>baggieb0y
<Content>Fantastic hotel Stayed at Sofitel in April. Was our 10th wedding annivesary. Contacted hotel to confirm booking and advised of our celebration. Didn't want anything to disappoint my better half.When we arrived at 1.00pm (flew Delta - disappointing but another story) we advised we were early to check in but could we leave bags at hotel to have a look around. Took us straight to reception and we were able to check in. Stayed on floor 26. When we got to room we had been upgraded to a suite - absolutely fantastic. I have nothing but praise for America and how they treat people. Perhaps i've been lucky but love it there.Bed was the best I have ever slept in, cleanliness and nice touches made this a dream annivesary. Staff were charming and the quality of the hotel second to none. Shops: close to everywhere - 5th avenue, times square, central park. We did a 2 day bus tour and went to Brooklyn and aside from the bus walked everywhere. Felt safe at all times. As previous comments from other reviewers went to breakfast diner 30 seconds from hotel. Good start to day. New York has it all but if you want a bit of luxury and to be close to all areas this hotel has it all. My better half wants to go back!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NewYorkFiances
<Content>Holiday of a lifetime My partner and I stayed in the Sofitel New York for 10 fabulous days. We were given a room upgrade on checking in and had a lovely big king size room with a great view of the Rockefeller Centre. Room very tastefully furnished with the biggest, most comfortable bed ever. Big flat screen TV for the odd time when you want to chill out. The staff were very friendly and helpful and the hotel is absolutely beautiful. The evening turn down service was a lovely extra touch and unexpected for a New York hotel. The reviews indicated the hotel was close to everything but it was even closer than expected. 5 minutes walk to Times Square or Grand Central Station. 15 minutes walk to Central Park. 2 minutes walk to 5th Avenue (a great place to buy engagement rings!!!!). Would highly recommend this hotel and will definitely stay there on my next visit to New York  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SLY4420
<Content>Very Nice I generally book most of my hotels through Priceline or a travel website, however I specifically wanted to stay at this property for a birthday surprise for a girl.I read many of the reviews here and contact the hotel directly after booking and made a few small personalized requests. All of them were handled with no trouble.Upon arriving at the hotel, the room I had booked was not available and I was a bit upset over the wait (I could not be given an accurate time). Once in the room, it was very plush. Those who know what a sizable room in Manhattan is would appreciate this.We did order room service for one meal because we did not want to go out. However, it was extremely poor. The manager did take care of this on my bill upon check out. Very quick and painless.Overall, an impressive stay. Obviously, like anywhere in Manhattan, a little pricey, but quite nice.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	2	5	5	

<Author>Ledgy
<Content>Fantastique Sofitel Spent 5 nights in this fantastic hotel. Loved the lobby with its gorgeous flowers. Situated perfectly for Times Square, Broadway et al. Hotel staff were fantastic - gave us an upgrade without having to ask. Rooms were excellent - particularly the shower. would totally recommend this hotel for all occasions.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Geecee_7
<Content>Loved the Sofitel This is a first rate, first class hotel just a short walk from Times Square. The rooms are fabulously well appointed and spotlessly clean. The staff are very friendly and so helpful. We were lucky enough to be given a suite of rooms - it was the best hotel we have ever stayed in. The suite was enormous with a huge bed. We had a seperate lounge and 2 huge flat screen TV's. There was a marble bathroom with a big bath and seperate shower. We had room service for breakfast which was first class! Wheeled into the room on it's own table - it felt very luxurious!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ColinJacky
<Content>Superb and convenient Spent a long weekend as part of our Anniversary trip here. Very clean, comfortable and convenient for everything. The staff were so helpful and friendly. The Consierge was the best we have ever experienced. The rooms were large and so lovely we were reluctant to leave. The breakfast was the best we have ever had.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>happywanderer51
<Content>Sofitel New York -a wonderful experience The Sofitel New York is one of the best International Hotel experiences I have had. We stayed there for a total of 7 nights. The rooms are wonderful, and the staff are very helpful. The breakfast is great and overall the Hotel is an Oasis in the heart of a very busy city. It was a pleasure to return to the peace and quiet of the Hotel after a busy day of sight seeing and shopping.The central location made it very easy to access all parts of New York city by foot or by taxi. We loved this Hotel.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mack_10000
<Content>Beautiful! Incredible hotel and service. Should be rated #1.Booked on hotel's website and got a 3 nights getaway for $426/night. So, if you book early enough, you can get a decent rate (for NYC). We wanted to extend our stay but the rate would have been $770, so we declined. Went to Casablanca for $419/night (see review) - not good.The quality of the room exceeded out expectations. Everything was new and perfect. 42 inch Plasma TV, bathroom, closet, bed, furniture, central A/C...were just amazing.Also, perfectly quiet. This must to hard to do in NYC.We ate at the Red Flame diner down the street for breakfast. It's a pretty good deal. We did not try the hotel restaurant.Internet service is an additional cost through T-Mobile.Great time!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>CelticBhoy81
<Content>Honeymoon in NYC       Sofibeds  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>amy70
<Content>Great hotel Huge rooms, very clean, lovely bathrooms, comfy beds, nicely decorated. Great location for everything. Only slight issue is the slow check-in as they tend to employ French staff.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	2	-1	-1	

<Author>Angelpet1
<Content>Loved the Sofitel We booked the Sofitel Hotel via the internet. It has a really good location, a few minutes walk from Fifth Avenue, and about ten minutes from Times Square but although central to New York, it is tucked away in a quiet street with several other hotels. We always felt comfortable returning late at night to the hotel. We booked two deluxe queen sized rooms and they were identical to the photos on their website. The rooms were on the 11th floor, spacious and very clean. The bed was really comfortable with a mattress topper, a pleasure to get into at the end of a hard day sightseeing and the hotel is so quiet, you can't hear traffic noise or other guests! The bathrooms were lovely, beautiful large stand-in showers with separate baths. The Sofitel provides Roger Gallet shower gels and body lotions, I preferred the hotel's to my own shower gel and ended up using their products. The hotel hairdryer also actually worked better than my own so I won't take mine next time. We had booked room-only, so we didn't have breakfast at the hotel but they do have a nice restaurant at the hotel. We chose to go to a diner just down the road from the hotel called the Red Flame (turn right on leaving the hotel). They do excellent breakfasts for less than $10 pp. and include omlettes, pancakes with maple syrup, cooked breakfasts or just fresh fruit salad and croissants even porridge. We did try another place one morning, but it just couldn't compare.We flew from the UK to Newark and we pre-booked transportation to the hotel for 拢38 through Expedia (there were four of us). We ended up waiting an hour at the airport for the transportation minibus. A cost saving way to get to the hotel is the Airport Express coach. From Newark it drops off at 5th Avenue, 42nd street which is about five minutes walk to the hotel, it costs $25 return or $15 single and I would probably use this next time. We chose to get a taxi from the hotel to the airport on our return and we agreed a price of $120 (but I am not sure if that is a good price or not, again there were four of us). The hotel provides computers in the hotel lobby which gave free internet access, really helpful if you want to check in for your return flight or just get information on an attraction. The staff at the hotel couldn't be more helpful or friendly and always happy to offer advice or provide maps and information. We would definitely stay here again, we loved it.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>Somersettourists
<Content>Faultless Perfect in every wayLocation, value, comfort, service, foodDon't hesitate, book now  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dortis
<Content>Fantastic !       Bed  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>swelsher
<Content>Great hotel, great location.... We booked the Sofitel for our trip to New York based on the reviews on Tripadvisor. I have to say it absolutely exceeded expectations!Our trip to New York was a wedding present to my husband the main purpose of which was to see the US Open Men's Tennis Final.On arrival we were told we had been upgraded to a Suite on the 18th floor. I have to say the room was stunning with a separate living and dressing area. The marble bathroom was huge and the bed was very very comfortable. The room was spotless and was cleaned daily. Our bed was turned down every night and some chocolates and 2 bottles of water were left each night also.Our room had a view of the Chrysler Building so the view to wake up to was spectacular!Due to the rain that hit New York on Saturday 6th Sept the tennis final was re-arranged to Monday which was the day we were due to return home. Brook at the Concierge desk was fantastic and contacted Ticketmaster to sort out our tickets and also re-arranged our flights home (for a minimal cost which was great as they were meant to be non transferable). We were also not only allowed to keep our amazing suite but were offered a late check out on the Tuesday and the extra cost for the extra night was the same rate that we had paid for the original booking.The hotel has a great location and you can walk to pretty much anywhere in midtown.The hotel also has a great bar that we used to get a glass of champagne (for which we were given complimentary tickets on arrival).All in all a great experience at this hotel and I would not hestitate to go back! The hotel is a bit pricey but certainly well worth it!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Brontetraveler
<Content>Surprisingly poor bed We booked a room with a queen size bed for a long weekend. When we got to our room we realized that all the bedding was down feathers. My husband is allergic to down. We had also been given a double bed. We asked for the bedding to be changed. It was changed, but what it was replaced with was really substandard. The mattress pad was cheap and wrinkled up under us when we slept. At one point when I tried to straighten it out, I realized that the mattress itself was covered in feathers and other debris. The next day we asked for it to be vacuumed but this did not happen. The mattress was at best mediocre; we could feel the springs in the mattress when we slept. This is not what we expected at a Sofitel.The other surprising thing was food debris on the floor. There was a Cherrio, yes the cereal, on the floor, it remained there for our stay.Otherwise the room was quiet, had good curtains, a lovely TV and bathroom. The bathroom had both a nice shower and a big bathtub. There are three computers in the lobby, and they were useful for obtaining our boarding passes for the trip home.We had a great time in New York, but the Sofitel was rather disappointing.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	3	-1	3	

<Author>owenbouy
<Content>Fantastic The Best Ever !!!!! From the moment we arrived to the day we left (very sad) it was the best hotel we have stayed in whilst in New York. Please believe me when I say that I am so picky on my choice of hotel, last time we stayed in the Four Seasons and the Sofitel outshines them by miles. The staff are just fantastic in every department nothing is too much trouble and you are always met we a smile and bonjour. The rooms are lovley big and clean, the bathroom was great with super high class products and with a power shower to die for. The Gaby bar and restuarant were great, the food superb (we did all three breakfast, lunch and dinner) and the bar very relaxing with a great range of drinks. The location of the hotel is also great for getting around and you are right in the centre of things without it being noisy, the hotel is situated on a very nice quiet street, the lobby is fresh and cool as you walk in and the free internet in the lobby is a great touch (always avaialble within a few minutes).Please take my advise do not miss out on this great hotel it was a fantastic stay and I have already booked to go back next year, THANK YOU SOFITEL NEW YORK  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DCRatcliff
<Content>Overrated This is a very average hotel. it is all clean and nicely done but lacking atmosphere in the common parts. The staff were good and attentive. The restaurant is very overpriced. The rooms are perfectly adequate. All things are relative and compared to the obscene pricing of the top class hotels in NYC this represents a good deal, but put it in many other locations in the world and you would be very disappointed for the money. I will try other other hotels and try and find one that is not so soul less.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	-1	4	2	

<Author>prose01
<Content>Excellent midtown hotel An excellent New York midtown hotel. Certainly up to the high standards that we have come to expect from Sofitel. A perfect location. Walking distance to just about everything, including 2 or 3 different subway stops. The service was extremely good, including the front desk staff, the concierge and staff in the bar/restaurant. Overall, a very intimate larger hotel. The rooms were very nice. The bathroom was quite large and very beautifully decorated. The hotel, including the rooms, is very quiet. There was virtually no street noise to interfere with a good night's sleep. Very efficient air conditioning, even on a very hot day. One minor complaint - the standard rooms should have a king size bed, not a queen size. The rooms could easily handle the slightly larger bed. Overall, an extremely well located, designed and run hotel. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spends2much
<Content>Service Drops a Star from Last Visit I stayed at Sofitel New York in February, and wrote a review giving the hotel 5 stars for a perfect visit. Six months later, I would say the front desk service I received has cost them a star.Overall, I was happy. The room was clean and wonderfully quiet, the bed was great, and the room service we had one evening was lovely. We reserved the Chic Picnic deal that got us one free night out of 4, and a lovely picnic basket filled with gourmet sandwiches, salads, fresh fruit, and home-baked cookies, and a bottle of Champagne. It was fabulous, as was our welcome cocktail and the late checkout. The problem was, we had to ask for these things, when they should have been mentioned at check in. I presented my Sofitel Privilege card, which should be enough to get the conversation started about the welcome cocktails and the late checkout. I booked the Chic Picnic package, which should have meant that the staff would ask us when we'd like it. I ended up feeling like I was groveling for freebies, which should not have been the case.So, overall, things were great, but I felt sort of awkward with regard to the front desk. I'm not sure if my next trip will find me at Sofitel or not, but I must say if you are a light sleeper, this is the place for you. I cannot believe how quiet the room was- no street noise at all!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	5	3	

<Author>roger65
<Content>excellent time       front entrance  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>brunoxyz
<Content>very good hotel       view from the window of my room  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>LilyGA
<Content>Great hotel This hotel is quite a gem. The rooms are decent sized. The room and bathroom itself was really clean. The beds were so comfy. We were on the 6th floor and I never heard any noise except for the occasional police siren. The staff was very accomodating and polite. It's close to 5th Ave and Times Square without the hustle and bustle feel. I couldn't have asked for more.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>trust_meee
<Content>OVERATED! Expected a much better room for the price. This hotel is overated. My room was on the third floor and the windows looked as if they had never been cleaned.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	2	3	2	3	

<Author>grogalor
<Content>Amazing hotel I have to say I really loved this hotel, from the minute I arrived I felt totally relaxed. The staff at the reception were really nice and i was very impressed with the room. The bathroom especially was really really nice, seperate large bath and shower. On our last day when we were storing our luggage the guy at the front door offered to have a car there for us on when we got back to bring us to the airport. We were well impressed when the car turned out to be a limo at no extra charge. Location is spot on, 5 minute walk from everything you wanna see. Would definite recommend, myself and my boyfriend loved it.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>AlessioLondon
<Content>Good all round Great location, service, room, staff.Reasonable price for service provided, particularly in Manhattan.Extremely quiet, despite very central location.Beware minibar - a bottle of Evian at 15$ seems like a ripoff.Decent enough gym and facilities.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>blueBuenosAires
<Content>Excellency!!! Hello everyone!!! Once again I trust the reviews and choose this hotel for a week in NY, and it was an excellent choice.We have a wonderfull stay, in a very comfortable room. The staff is very good, they treated us as we were the only guests at the hotel (they were many families).We have several breakfasts and dinners at the Gaby (inside th hotel), excellent food and service.Overall the hotel it`s well located, inside the room you can`t feel the city, the satff is excellent . The last day we have the chek out at 3pm but we stayed until 6pm and they didin`t charged us a penny.Very Nice!!! We will definitely come back.Thanks for all the reviews!!!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>zanoula
<Content>very nice hotel Me and my husband stayed at the sofitel for 8 nights. The overall experience was very satisfying. Very clean, tasteful and spacious rooms. I especially liked the bathroom, and I also found the beds very comfortable and relaxing. Unfortunately, we could only get a room on the 8th floor-that's the only smoking floor- so we didn't have any view. The hotel is situated in the centre of Manhattan, very close to Times Square, and is a good place to start your walks around the city.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>travelingoodfirst
<Content>Simply THE BEST Sofitel provides you with the BEST location, the BEST suites, and outstanding hotel staff. You will feel like a vip from the moment you arrive. Hotel is new and classy.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>canuckshot
<Content>Best beds ever Incredible beds - can't say enough about them - great pillows and soft comforter - this in its own gives this place a five out of five. Location is very good - close to Times Square (not that you'd want to spend time around there) but far enough to get away from that madness. The staff were all very friendly, always greeting us several times as we entered and left the Hotel. Had room service one night - excellent hamburgers. My only complaint would be that the bathtubs were very shallow - not worth having a good soak. Other than that would 100% stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>scottish_austrian
<Content>superb hotel From the minute we arrived we loved our stay at this hotel, the only thing that upset me was that we were in New York and spent very little time at the excellent hotel. Everything thing we asked for we got, service was excellent, room was great, bed was brilliant Bathroom and particluarly the shower was Fab. Got what i thought was a good deal through Expedia as we booked flights as well. Its was a bit more expensive than some but way cheaper than lots as well,All in all we thought the hotel was excellent  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>fusspots4
<Content>Loved the Sofitel NYC I took my 16 year old daughter to New York for a shopping and Theatre 5 day treat. The Sofitel was brilliant- great staff- fax with GCSE results slid effortlessly under the door at 5.00am, helpful friendly staff, and a fantastic location - quiet so you could sleep yet a short walk to Times Square - talking of sleep, quite simply the most comfortable beds we have ever slept in!!!All In all a perfect stay- Thank-you  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SurreyTraveller58
<Content>When Is An Upgrade Not An Upgrade? This was my second visit to the New York Sofitel this year. Being a big fan of Sofitel and a Privilege card holder, it was the natural choice for my 50th birthday bash in April 2008. Though there was no usual Sofitel Privilege welcome drink offered, we did get fantastic, upgraded rooms on the 22nd floor, with views out over Rockefeller Centre. It was super ....!So, this time I once again booked online at Sofitel.com and I specifically booked the (more expensive than standard) Queen Room, 15-29 floor, in the hope that we'd again get a room high up in the building. We arrived Friday around 9.00pm and the desk clerk advised we'd been upgraded to a King room. Great, I thought, until we got to the room on the 5th floor and realised it looked out over an air shaft into the back of the Iroquois Hotel next door. Not so impressive. Whilst the room was undoubtedly bigger, it was rather dull, with little natural light during the day. All in all, I'd have preferred the room I paid for, with less space and more view.However we did get our welcome drink this time!Notwithstanding the debatable upgrade, the rest of the hotel was pure Sofitel - professional staff, comfortable rooms, great beds, super pillows, lovely bathrooms, nice amenities .... all to rave about. The Gaby Bar is a great for a pre (and post) dinner cocktail.Will certainly return, but will be wary of any upgrades offered!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>drw0010
<Content>Great location but still peaceful We were in transit to Las Vegas and decided to spend a few days in New York as we had not visited the city before.The Sofitel was ideally situated on West 44th Street, near Times Square and 5th Avenue. Rooms were well appointed with comfortable bed, flat screen Tv etcThe hotel was also very quiet considering its location. Our room was on the 17th floor and just looked out over the street - nothing special but OKConcierges were VERY helpful for choosing reastaurants and later sorting out problems - see Liberty Helicopters.Gaby Bar was very pleasant retreat from bustle of the city We would certainly stay at the Sofitel again but next time will ask for a room with a view  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>WanderlustAfrica777
<Content>Most AWESOME Hotel in NYC!!! The staff was INCREDIBLE! The location was MARVELOUS! The rooms were GREAT! Will return to this hotel in a heartbeat!!! Right by Time Square but away from all the noise, the overcrowding and dirty feeling... Right off of 5th Avenue and very close to Central Park. HIGHLY recommend this hotel!!!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cookiemonster80
<Content>Sofitel is Excellent!!! This was my first time in New York City and the Sofitel was excellent and worth every penny! The room, the service and the food was great! I would definitely recommend this hotel. We stayed for four nights and it was the best time ever. The hotel is in walking distance to many things, such as NBC Studios, Rockefeller plaza, Times Square and so on. Plus, it is located in a quiet area. I also enjoyed the Red Flame restaurant that was basically right next door. The food was great! We had breakfast twice there and our bill was no more than $25.00. We saw the play Grease and it was great! I plan to revisit New York City and stay at the Sofitel again.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sheryll
<Content>Central Location As Sofitel priviledge members we always stay at Sofitel Hotels where possible and the reviews on TripAdvisor for the New York Hotel were very good so we booked in for four nights.Central location and friendly staff on arrival, we were not upgraded as there were no rooms available and our room was on the 15th floor but with views over the back of buildings and fire stairs on New York, not what we had requested. The room was a standard size but we had requested a Queen size bed and it was a double. The bathroom was a good size and had all the necessities. The next morning we went down to the front desk to see if we could get our upgrade or at least a room with a better view of New York and a Queen Size bed. Apparently in New York Queen size beds are what we in Australia call double, so remember this and book your bed accordingly. We were moved to a room on the 19th floor with a better view, same size bed and so we settled for the rest of our stay. Like all Sofitels complimentary water provided each afternoon/early evening and also free internet (with a printer) again appreciated.The staff were very friendly, in particular the wonderful concergie and also William the doorman who organised a great town car to take us to the airport and who was always interested in how our days had been . The bar was nice and overall a good stay.Great little bar across the road fron the hotel - cant recall the name but good pasta and buffalo wings, you turn left as if going to fifth Street and its across the road. Also their is a post office across the road in an office building which is very close, ask William for instructions.. Also took the advice of other TripAdvisers and had breakfast each day at the little red dinner down the road, great breakfasts, good service and reasonable prices.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>KeenTravellerKL
<Content>Top choice in New York! I was extremely happy with my choice of hotel. I stayed in New York for five nights and the Sofitel was the perfect place to stay. The location was fantastic, very central to all the major attractions: Time square and Fifth Avenue were both walking distance away, which was especially handy after lots of shoppng and walking absolutely everywhere in New York. The rooms are spacious (by New York standards), modern and very clean, making my stay very comfortable indeed. I must say the beds were oh, so comfortable....I slept very well. The bathrooms were marble and the fresh orchids were a nice touch. The hotel staff were all very professional and the concierge particularly helpful. I would definitely recommend staying at this hotel and this will be my first choice when I return to New York City.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>davemann17
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised We travel to New York a lot but this is our first stay at the Sofitel. You cannot beat its location being so close to Times Square. We are rather picky about beds, and these were extremely comfortable. We also chose to stay in and have room service for a dinner. The food came rather quickly and it was all warm! Overall, for a Manhattan hotel room, the room size was actually generous. (Most hotel rooms I have stayed in Manhattan are rather difficult to move around in because of their small size.) We will definitely stay here again in the future.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Leonscully
<Content>The pillows are heavenly! I've heard amazing things about this hotel, and it's a frequent Travelers' Choice Winner, so my expectations were extremely high. It did not disappoint. While it's in the middle of a somewhat chaotic part of town, once I entered the lobby, the heat and noise faded away. The staff was courteous, but not overbearing, and the French greetings are quite charming. My room was on a low floor (the 3rd), however I didn't hear any noise from the street. The room was spacious, the bathroom quite big. The bed was incredible - I'm picky when it comes to pillows, and they were scrumptious, as was the duvet, which did not have that nasty, dirty bedspread feel found at many hotels. Other plusses - lots of room in the closet, separate shower and tub, plenty of room in the bathroom. I traveled alone, but there would have been more than enough room for 2 in both the room and bathroom. I also liked that there were TV speakers in the bathroom - great for when you're getting ready to go out. Only a few cons - didn't love the toiletries, I've stayed at lesser hotels with higher quality products; there were no drawers to store non-hanging items; and finally, I had to replace my room key 3 times because my cell phone kept demagnetizing it. If you stay here - keep your cell phone and room key far apart! The location is great - if you're planning to spend a lot of time in midtown, or want the convenience of traveling to the upper east or west sides of town. Would definitely stay here again, and would recommend it highly.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>pims2007
<Content>The ratings are correct! During our 5 day vacation in NYC we stayed at Sofitel. The hotel was chosen due to the high ratings. And we were not dissapointed. I asked for a quiet room and got room 718 which is located at the back overlooking the neighboring buildings. Not much of a sight but that was not of interest. The room was spacious with twin beds. The airconditioning made a little humm but we both slept sound. The temperature is easily adjusted in Fahrenheit or Celcius and the room is quickly cooled. I think they also use soundproof windows, the were no noise at all from the outside. Not to forget the fat 37 inch flatscreen TV!The traffic outside the hotel is modest. After a day walking in the city we longed for the entrance, it was like entering the garden of quietness. The staff were courteous and professional at all times. In Europe we often stay with Accor hotels and Sofitel NYC was no exception: high standards! Its a short walk to times square. The restaurant is very nice and we had a great brekfast every day. Next time we return to NYC, Sofitel is the only choice. Thanks to all at Sofitel for making our holiday so comfy!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>indygirl06
<Content>Fabulous hotel and great service! We booked our hotel room in December as we were planning a trip to NYC for my 30th birthday. Upon arriving at the hotel, we were informed that we were upgraded to a fabulous suite. Then we received a bottle of wine from some friends and the hotel sent us a bottle of champagne. The room was incredibly comfortable--great bed, luxurious bathroom, 2 flat screen TVs. We didn't eat at the hotel but we did have cocktails there one night and the restaurant seemed nice. We ate at the Red Flame Cafe which was surprisingly good as it looked like a dive diner and was very cheap. I would definitely recommend the Sofitel!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>scrach50
<Content>Sofitel is a great hotel ! We stayed at the Sofitel for four nights in July. We got a great room rate on the hotel's website booking several months in advance.The room was their standard queen room, which was quite large at 350 square feet. The bathroom was lovely-all marble. The location is great, on a quiet block of W. 44th st. Housekeeping did a great job and were very friendly. We asked for and were given an early check in.Beautiful room,great location- we would stay there again...  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BobMc
<Content>So far so Sofitel       View of the hotel from the Rockerfalla Centre  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>octopus07
<Content>Reliable and as expected Stayed for 4 days and it was a very pleasant experience. Sofitel offered a picnic package and gave us a picnic basket. We went to the nearby Bryant Park - a perfect spot! The hotel is styled in every aspect and therefore distinguishes itself from the big hotel chains - a major benefit. Especially the Gaby Bar is a great spot to have a drink after sightseeing or shopping. What we didn't like was that the room obviously was used by smokers before - not a true nonsmoking room to my understanding! The room was rather dark due it faced the closed backyard. Housekeeping was very attentive and tidied up perfectly. Staff and Concierge did a good job.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>skyehigh
<Content>Excellent and disappointing Having read the rave reviews we decided to stay here for my birthday trip to New York. I looked it up on the internet and found a special deal for a Chic Picnic. Basically the fourth night was free, the room was superior and we received a picnic hamper with wine or champagne. The first down fall was the pricing. According to my reservation our final bill would show the full amount and then have a 25% discount. I therefore took the quoted amount to be the full amount and applied 25% discount. Not so we discovered on our first night. The quoted was with the discount so the cost was 33% higher than I budgeted. Maybe this is me being daft but I have reread my booking and it is still unclear. Eventually we got checked in and went to our room on the 19th floor. The view was breathtaking, the bed wonderfully soft, there was a plasma screen TV and a bottle of champagne for my birthday. However the big marble bath was barely big enough for me at 5'4. We asked for our chic picnic on the second day and it came in a wonderful wooden hamper with a bottle of champagne. Unfortunately we were then told that we couldn't take the champagne to central park so that kind of ruined our champagne picnic. We left the champagne in the room and, on the advice of the concierge, walked to Central Park carrying the hamper. Do not be tempted to do this. Take a taxi. It will cost all of $6 and you will arrive fresh and unharried. On our last evening we requested a wake up call as we had to be at the airport by 6.30. We never received a call but luckily woke up in time. Checkout took forever as we had to use two seperate cards. Overall it was wonderful and disappointing all at the same time so I've marked it average.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	2	2	5	

<Author>RTangent
<Content>Nice hotel, great location Just returned from a week-long New York/Chicago trip -- I love the Chicago Sofitel, so we thought we'd try the Sofitel in New York. And we weren't disappointed! Same amazingly comfy bed, nice flat-screen TV, and a lovely and very clean bathroom. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The standard rooms are pretty small, but since we were only in the room to sleep, it wasn't a big issue. My only complaint would be the one small window in the room, which barely let in any light -- this was probably because we had a room in the back of the building, with a less-than-desirable view of the alleyway between other buildings. But again, since we were only in the room to sleep, it wasn't a major problem. Valet service is slow, but it does say to call for your car 30 minutes ahead of time on the claim ticket -- and I would definitely recommend calling the full 30 minutes ahead of time, especially if you know you'll be in a hurry (like if you're heading back to the airport). We had to rent a car for a day to drive into New Jersey, but the first few days in the city we didn't need a car at all -- the hotel is in such a great location that walking just about anywhere is the best way to go. Plenty of shops, restaurants, etc. within a few blocks -- Central Park is pretty close, and Grand Central Station is just down the street. We took the subway to Yankee Stadium for a game, which was about a hundred times easier than trying to drive there. And the hotel is a couple blocks away from the craziness of Times Square, so it's in a much quieter location. We really enjoyed the hotel -- I would definitely recommend it!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>love2travelat30
<Content>Best Birthday Ever! It took me 2 weeks to decide on a hotel since New York has so many and I am very happy with the decision I made.I stayed at the Sofitel for my 30th birthday during the 4th of July weekend. This was my first trip to New York by myself and the staff went above and beyond to make me feel comfortable. The room was larger than expected, clean, large flat screen t.v and the bathroom was amazing. I never saw the cleaning staff, but my room was cleaned every day and they provide turn down service every night. I stayed on the 19th floor and was able to see the Empire State building from my room. They have free internet in the lobby (if you don't mind waiting to use the computers) and the location of the hotel is perfect since Times Square is right there. I am going to New York again next year and will be staying in the Sofitel. Overall wonderful experience, fabulous hotel and I would like to thank the staff for making it the best birthday ever!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>clocks10
<Content>A really fantastic hotel in so many ways! In recent years I have become very familiar with trip advisor and use it to decide on where I should stay when I travel. I have found it to be invaluable tool and It has helped me make very good decisions. Again recently this June, it did not let me down, so I thought it was about time I wrote a review!! I went to New York with a few friends(some very fussy!). We stead in the Sofitel New York and It did not disappoint. I couldnt recommend it enough. Everything about this hotel was just fantastic. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The rooms were very spacious and the beds were to dye for. The hotel had a lovely bar and restaurant with a beautiful decor and atmosphere. On evenings when something casual was required the bar menu was lovely. In the lobby there was internet access with printers which was really handy. The location was excellant with every thing on its doorstep. The most impressive find was a diner a few doors down  red flame which served the nicest breackfast each morning for roughly $12 each. Overall a great hotel which even impressed the fussy ones and I certainly will stay there on my return to the big apple!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>The_Journey_Man
<Content>Great Hotel to use for Visiting New York       Hotel - Front  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>bean30
<Content>Not worth the money Stayed for 3 nights as part of our honeymoon in June. There was nothing wrong with it, but really for the money we paid it was a bog standard hotel. The bed was very very comfortable and the bathroom lovely. The room wasn't particularly big. We had a big flat screen TV though which was nice. We were on 7th floor and had no views. It was booked as part of a honeymoon package and although we weren't looking for freebies, an acknowledgement would have been nice! I have read other reviews about upgrades or a bottle of wine as special occaision touch - but nothing.There was a big storm the night before we left and JFK had been closed - I called the concierge about 11.30 to see if they thought the morning flights would be okay and I was dismissed by them - they didn't seem interested.We had rather a strange experience on our last night where the phone range about 1am and it sounded like some sort of taxi booking place confiming something for our room. I hung up as I couldn't work out what was going on - half an hour later, room service appeared at our door. We had to get up at 5.30am for a flight in the morning. They only sort of shrugged when I complained in the morning.The doormen were great though - v easy to get a taxi and provided umbrellas when it was raining. They also recommdend a great pizza place - John's pizza on same street but just past broadway - would highly recommend it. The red flame diner just out the front door on the left was also good for breakfast. We spent a bit of time in an Irish Bar nearby - O'Briens which was great - food was fab and staff really friendly.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>3	1	4	2	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>tt240
<Content>Special Break in a good hotel A Hotel that lives up to its reviews, rooms were clean and serviced twice a day and had no problems, the bed is one of the best I have ever slept in. This trip was for 8 days for our silver wedding aniversary and whilst we were given a room on the 19TH floor the free champagne enjoyed by others never arrived even though they were advised. Free internet access in lounge was great, reception helpful and efficient, doorman good, bell boys to busy chatting most of the time. One of the conseirge team was a little up himself but generally good.The hotel is expensive even on a deal but well worth it as room was a good size and bathroom was what europeans expect, nice and big and seperate shower was excellent. Lots of hot water all the time.Did not try the Red Flame as there are lots of places to have breakfast, Grand Central is worth it for one morning and its just 2 blocks away. Another favourite was Cuttichines at the Rockerfella Centre for those who want a healthier option.If you do Staten Island Ferry make sure you are on the right hand side or front or end otherwise you miss the statue of LibTips, do Brooklyn Bridge at Night the views are unforgettable, do top of the Rock as that way you can photograph empite state building, however disappointed with evening views as we did a dawn and dust ticket. Dinner between 6  8 is hectic and for lunch try one of the deli's by Bryant Park and sit in the park and watch the world go by.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	3	3	

<Author>james4522uk
<Content>An absolute must! We stayed at the Sofitel from the 11th to the 16th June 2008 and loved the hotel to bits! The hotel location is excellent, in a safe neighbourhood close to absolutely everything! We stayed at the hotel having booked under the chic picnic rate which got us 4 nights for the price of 3 and a picnic hamper with great food and wine, contained in a fab picnic hamper that we took to central park and devoured in the sun! The hotel staff are fantastic, taking their time to answer any questions or queries. They made us feel like individuals in what must be a busy, large hotel. Used the gym which was well equiped with the latest machines and had weights etc to use. the room was on the 17th floor, no fantastic views but the bed was very comfortable, the room service menu and staff alike were fab and very polite. Huge bathroom with seperate bath and shower. Turn down service was great, free bottled mineral water every evening. On the whole, a great experience in New York and I would definately stay at the hotel again should I return to the Big Apple. Thanks Sofitel for making our stay such a good, memorable one!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>httraveler
<Content>I really like this hotel The Sofitel is my favorite hotel to stay at in New York whether for business or pleasure. There are surely fancier and more expensive hotels at tonier addresses, but the Sofitel is certainly no slouch. And it is consistently quiet, comfortable, and convenient. Last weekend, I stayed at the Sofitel for the first time ifor pleasure with my wife. I had stayed their previously for business probably 10 times over the last 3 years. The lobby at the Sofitel is small and luxurious. You get the feel of a small hotel although the Sofitel is actually quite large. When I arrived last Friday it was bustling a little more than I remembered but was still relatively quiet. When I checked in at the desk, I was informed my room was on the third floor, which I somewhat expected given the price and category I paid for. When I asked if there was another room on another floor, I was told there was not one in the same category. That did not suprise me because I already knew the hotel was sold out. But what did suprise me was that I was offered a suite for a $100 upgrade on a high floor.Our suite was beautiful with an excellent view of the city. The bedroom and bathroom were virtually identical to a deluxe king room (I had booked a queen room) but you had the addition of a separate sitting room with a large flatscreen tv and desk. As usual the service at the hotel was attentive but understated. We used the concierge several times and they were always helpful. I thought the staff was very friendly. The only meal we ate at the hotel this trip was a quick early dinner one night on the way back to the airport. I had no complaints with the service or food. I have always found the restaurant in the hotel to be a step above most hotel restaurants.We did go to the Red Flame diner down the street for breakfast one morning. It was fine, nothing to write home about. It is a good cheap diner. We also went down the street to one of my favorite sushi restaurants, Sush Zen. Really exceptional sushi and sashimi, and less than two blocks from the Sofitel. Sit at the sushi bar. Very expensive, but worth it. You should be aware that for reasons I don't understand (or maybe I do) they don't air condition the hallways in the guest room floors. In the heat of the summer that can create some concern as you are taking the short walk from the elevators to your room. But don't worry, the guest rooms and lobby stay plenty cool. I had been telling my wife about the Sofitel for some time. I think after this trip she understands why I prefer to stay there over some other high end hotels. It is simply comfortable and you can't beat the convenience.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rob_n_deb_worldwide
<Content>Served it's purpose very well... I stayed at this hotel with my girlfriend for a 4 night weekend break. We had high hopes for the hotel based on reviews on here and other sites. It isn't the cheapest hotel in Manhattan and is rated 4 star so we did expect it to be nice.Overall I think it does live up to its rating, it is a pleasant hotel, reception staff were very friendly, rooms were large with nice decor, and the beds were comfy, so to be honest, it does exactly what you want for a few days in New York. We were only on floor 7 so had no decent views. Maybe we should have asked at check in for a higher floor??The only thing that did disappoint me slightly was the concierge. Maybe the guy I encountered was the worst of a good bunch and isnt doing them any favours. Hopefully he wasn't typical of their concierge service on the whole. To me the concierge should probably be the most friendly and helpful person on the staff. My understanding of their job is to help hotel guests in any way they can. My two approaches to the concierge desk lasted a grand total of about 15 seconds as I was pretty much brushed aside by a man that I would describe as having, pardon my french, a stick up his backside. He couldn't have been less helpful if he tried!We didnt eat in the restaurant so cannot comment on that at all but it seemed quite expensive.I shouldnt let the concierge cloud my judgement of the hotel, overall it was a great trip, the location wa fantastic, a hundred yards from times square and the 5th Ave shops and a lot niceer than the place I stayed last time in NYC! I would definately return and would recommend to friends.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>SteveandSaraG
<Content>C'est bon! This is luxury. We usually stay at the Michaelangelo Hotel, which is also a wonderful property, but sold out -- so we tried the Sofitel. Wow! Our mantra is that a great staff makes a great.hotel. And this staff is among the best. We couldn't have felt more welcome. Our room met all of our expectations, (and we can be nastily picky.) We upgraded to an Executive Suite on the 28th floor. The room was well appointed and quiet as a mouse. The bathroom was hugh, beautiful and very usable (nice deep soaking tub for one, separate glass shower.) The bar/bistro was pricey, but worth it. We made dinner at the bar one night from the appetizer menu (not just wings and fried cheese sticks.) During a torrential downpour Steve waved his arm at cabs until his arm was empty, at that point we discovered the joy of the bicycle taxis (rickshaws). What fun and what great young men, impossibily polite, hardworking and owners of their own small businesses. While darting in and out of traffic, staying dry because our driver buttoned us up behind a plastic curtain (while getting wet himself), we enjoyed every minute (not for the faint of heart.) Sofitel NYC, if you guys are listening, great job. You too, rickshaw guys. Both of you are gracious and that's a rare quality,  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>marksdj
<Content>Great Stay After review other hotels, we decided to try the Sofitel. We were amazed on our early arrival how quickly they had a room available for us! The hotel staff was wonderful! Great staff working there. We did not eat in the hotel since the prices were expensive and plenty to chose from outside the hotel.We truly enjoyed having a seperate shower from the bathtub! and the little things that came along with the room! Seems like made service was great! They took care of us even on our day of departure! The Hotel is in a great location off the beaten path of Time Square but it is a easy walk to many areas! Truly enjoyed this hotel over others!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SkyeTraveler
<Content>This one's a keeper I've stayed in a number of midtown hotels during the past year, and the Sofitel is definitely one I'll use again. It's one of the quietest hotels I've stayed in. You don't hear much outside noise at all, even in the lobby and restaurant. Definitely try to stay on one of the higher floors for the views. My room, on the 18th floor, wasn't very large, but it had a floor-to-ceiling window, and I had a hard time tearing myself away. Rooms have been recently refurbished, and they're clean and elegant. The staff are a teeny bit on the frosty side, but very professional, informed, and helpful.If you need to check e-mail but didn't bring your laptop, the lobby has several terminals you can use for free.Overall, the Sofitel is good value for money, given its location, amenities, and quality of service.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>mark121
<Content>Fine but not as good as others Sofitels are generally great. This one was good. The location is also a big plus point. The staff were excellent - very, helpful and very friendly. They allowed us to check in about 6 hours early and couldn't have been more helpful with luggage, directions and advice.The room was a good size and had a separate shower and bath but was not quite the size that I was led to believe from the hotel's description. I guess 'large marble bath' may mean something different in New York. The bed was terrific - they always are in these hotels. But the decor was a bit bland. Free internet access downstairs was a real plus. The bar was expensive and the service wasn't that great. We had breakfast one morning but again I found that expensive and the service wasn't that great.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kathi97
<Content>Great Hotel!!!! This Hotel was Amazing. Great location, walking distance to time square. Very clean, not to mention the amazing lobby. We got chocolates and water in our room everyday. The conciere service was a big help. I absoutely would recommend stay here. I haven't traveled in a while and originally booked another hotel and read others reviews which astounded me. The website made the hotel look amazing which really was a nightmare to the testimony of others. That's why I was going to make sure I did a review. Thanks to those who wrote a review I did not stay there and found the Sofitel hotel. Which I was very happy with.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JMG44
<Content>Comfortable and dependable This was our third stay at this Sofitel hotel which enjoys a perfect location between 5th Avenue and Broadway - close to everything but away from the noise and confusion of Times Square. We stayed one week. The first morning, offensive cooking odors from a restaurant that was not affiliated with the hotel entered the room. We spoke with the hotel manager who promptly moved us to a higher floor and an ungraded room for the rest of our stay. Both rooms were well furnished and in the condition one would expect for a quality property. The beds were very comfortable with high quality linens and down comforters and pillows. Since our last stay, the hotel rooms have been furnished with large flat screen HD televisions. The staff met our expectations in every way. We certainly would and intend to return.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Volume69
<Content>OK 4 Star in a good location Stayed here memorial weekend (May 22-27th 2008). The hotel was in a good location - W44th is close to everything. It is a few blocks from Bryant Park, and also from Time Square and theatres.Hotel is clean and the staff friendly and helpful. Although this is a four star hotel and its facilities do reflect this it is not in the same league as my last stay in New York at The Michelangelo.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Smaccas
<Content>Excellence of the Sofitel We stayed at the Sofitel for a long weekend just gone and had a great time. We booked direct via the hotel and got a fantastic rate ~ $350 per night which couldn't be matched by any of the usual websites.The location is superb being in the centre of things. The rooms were a reasonable size especially for New York, we stayed in a standard Queen double, the bed was incredibly comfortable and the bathroom was well fitted. Rooms were cleaned twice a day to a very high standard. We were on the 10th floor which while there was no view really to speak of was nice and quiet.The concierge service was incredible, specifically Vladimir who managed to get us into some of the best restaurants even though it was peak time at the weekend. He even went as far to organise a complimentary glass of champagne for the 2 of us at one of the restaurants.Drinks are expensive in the hotel, which I guess is standard but I think a little unnecessary and would love one of the higher standard hotels to start breaking the mould, certainly it would result in having a more popular bar and restaurant which were very quiet during our stay, although we did not bother with eating in the hotel.Overall excellent service, good standard of room (especially considering it was New York), and fantastic location.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Devon_girls
<Content>I just love this hotel You simply cannot go wrong with this hotel. It was my 30th birthday and 8 of us went to NYC. The location of the hotel is spot on no where is too far. The reception staff were helpful and friendly, the doormen were very helpful with arranging transport, the consierge was very useful I could not fault the staff. The hotel is beautiful and the beds amazing. I simply cannot say enough good things. Make aure you go to the red flame for breakfast is on the corner of the street the hotel is on and does great breakfasts for a very good price.The hotel made sure all of my party were on the same floor and sent complimentary champagne to me on the day of my birthday.The rooms are immaculate and cleaned twice a day.I will always stay here.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Aatu
<Content>What more could you ask for?? I booked this hotel solely based on its reviews (and ranking) on Tripadvisor. I have to admit that it is a bit pricey, but so are most of the hotels in New York. On arrival I felt that the hotel was totally overrated and was disappointed. However, as time went by I started to notice what made the hotel so highly ranked and I have to admit that it is well deserved. It is the little details that matter鈥?Location of the hotel is excellent. It is on the 44th street just few hundred meters off the 5th avenue. You can also easily walk to Times Square, Bryant Park and Grand Central just to name a few. There are nice restaurants within a few blocks of the hotel.The room was really comfortable and spotless. It had a flat screen TV, adequate minibar, safe, iron and board etc. Bed was pretty much the softest and nicest I鈥檝e ever slept in. Although I could hear some sounds from the hall, it was quiet enough. Bathroom was large (and like the room - spotless) with a separate shower and a tub. There is a turn-down service each evening with a bottle of Evian water delivered. The one thing that really separates this hotel from other business hotels is the staff (after all, money can buy you nice surroundings). They seem to like their job and act accordingly. They were easy to approach, extremely friendly and made me feel welcome. The concierge service was excellent 鈥?very helpful and correct in their suggestions. Breakfast is served every morning in the Hotel restaurant. I was really looking forward to a buffet breakfast as the start for the day, but it turned out only a la carte is available. There are a number of items you can order. These cost around 22 鈥?35 USD (+ tax)and include fresh juice and a pot of (good) coffee. The continental breakfast is a basket of French bakery products (croissant, bread, muffin etc) and a fruit plate. The fruit plate was rather small, with 5 small slices of 2 kinds of melon and pineapple. It was so small it made me laugh as I saw it. If it isn't included in the room price or your company isn鈥檛 paying for it, I would go somewhere else for breakfast. If I had to say something negative, I would mention that like some others before me I didn鈥檛 receive a welcome drink although I鈥檓 a Sofitel Privilege member (minor detail, but just to bring it up). On a positive note a late check-out was granted without a problem. Overall, Sofitel New York is a wonderful hotel with a perfect location. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Trevorsand
<Content>Fabulous Sofitel Stay! I did extensive research and settled on this hotel. Wonderful experience! The staff was great and helpful! They sent us to fabulous restaurants, gave us umbrellas when it rained, gave us complimentary wine. Very clean and the beds were dreamy. Great location. We will go back!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sinbeg
<Content>Very nice hotel, great position       Around the hotel  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>EuroLondon
<Content>Generally good but a couple of problems Stayed here for a few days on a work trip. Booked direct with the hotel, paying around US$600/night. In general, this hotel is pretty good, but there were just a couple of minor problems. Good stuff first:-The beds are very comfortable; good linens and towels. -Rooms are geniunely very quiet; I didn't hear any noise from the corridor or nighbouring rooms in my entire stay, which is rare for New York.-Good room size.-Food (room service and restaurant) was fine.-Concierge was great (they got us a table at Restaurant Daniel with only a few hours notice). Not so good:-I paid for a supposedly deluxe room on the 15th-29th floor with city view etc, but instead was allocated a random standard room on the 4th floor looking onto a wall. I know that hotels overbook etc, but they didn't apologise or offer to move me. When I requested an alternative room, nothing was available. Not a major upset, but slightly annoying. -Bellhop service isn't great. It took ages for anyone on front desk to call a porter to help with luggage when I was checking out. When they did eventually call for someone (using a xylophone ?), no one came. In the end I stopped a random hotel employee and they had to help carry my stuff. Other stuff:-A few reviews have raved about the bathrooms. They're fine, really, but nothing out of this world. The bathtubs, by the way, are fairly shallow, like many other American hotels. -The gym/fitness room is alright. Small like most hotels, and without a great choice of free weights, but at least clean and fairly well equipped.-Some of the other reviews have recommended visiting the Red Flame diner. Seriously, don't go - yes it's a diner, but it's one of the depressing sort. I went for a turkey burger and left most of it - overly greasy and processed, and just very unappetising. A much better option is the Comfort Diner, which is a few minutes away on East 45th Street and 3rd (or E 45th and Lexington, I can't remember). It looks like how you might expect a 50s-type diner to look, but isn't overly retro. Overall, a good choice for New York, not exactly what I'd call Luuxry Choice, but I think for the money it's pretty good. I think for a real luxury choice, you'll have to spend a couple hundred more dollars.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Theskellys
<Content>Some Superlatives For Sofitel       Sofitel Hotel Location from Rockerfeller  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dgirl365
<Content>What A Place We had read the reviews on here and decided to go for it for our very first stay in NYC. What a great hotel - the beds are simply amazing - especially after youve had that long walk - its like falling asleep in a cloud. The staff where kind and courteous. One thing I will say is if you dont ask you dont get. We got put on the 15th floor which I thought was a bit rubbish as its the minimum floor for paying extra for a higher floor - so we asked and where moved to floor 27. The door staff where brilliant and the maids come twice a day to clean the room and then a second visit later ont o turn the beds over.A great hotel - well worth the extra to have a haven in NYC.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>k_hunter23
<Content>Loved staying at Sofitel       Our room  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	5	4	

<Author>Dierregi
<Content>Great hotel, highly recommended       lobby - 1  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>yuringa
<Content>Lovely stay Stayed at the Sofitel Midtown and enjoyed very comfortable quiet rooms with a great selection of the latest release movies (Great for those early morning wake ups coming from Europe!).The location was fine with a short walk to Time Square, Grand Central and the the classic American shopping on 5th Avenue.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>australian73
<Content>Absolutely Brilliant This is pure luxury in the middle of New York. I stayed in suite 622. The suite has a big living room, beautiful bedding, 2 plasma screens , a full dressing room and high quality fittings throughout. The room makes you feel like royalty. The dining was excellent for breakfast - coffee was spot on, the food was wonderfully prepared and the service was timely and friendly. The location is perfect for all of the usual suspects in New York. The gym is well equipped and private. The concierge was knowledgeable, accommodating and extremely helpful. I could not think of a better place to stay.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AnthonyPerth
<Content>Highly recommend this hotel       Sofitel  NY yacht club  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rhubarb_nk
<Content>Amazing hotel - great location...       View of hotel  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>frostypurplemanatee
<Content>Good Location, Helpful Staff I reserved this room on Priceline.com. I was a little nervous about it, because I had never stayed in Manhattan and was unsure what to expect with details about parking, check-in etc. As soon as the hotel accepted my offer I called the hotel. They were fantastic! They allowed me to request a king bed and a non-smoking room (it is my experience with priceline that this is frequently a problem). But Sofitel was very accommodating. They also gave accurate information about check-in and parking. The room was well appointed and very clean. The location was nice, just blocks from Times Square. The only thing I was suprised about was that the halls and the lobby were extremely hot and humid. The staff- extremely friendly and helpful the entire stay. I would definetly stay again!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>teddy1971
<Content>Romantic GetAway Great romanitic getway with my Wife. It is close to everything and the room service food is divine. I highly recommend for a couple wanting a romotic getaway.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>yg28
<Content>Best location, excellent hotel! We stayed for 2 nights in April 08. They somewhat messed up our check-in (room was not ready), and we were immediately offered upgrade to an executive suite for next night (nice!). Staff was extremely helpful all the way. Rooms are very nice, and beds are simply incredible. Location is best in Manhattan - 5-10 min walk to Times Square, Rockefeller Center and Penn Station.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>rebeccahouston
<Content>Great Location, moderate hotel Just stayed at the Hotel Sofitel for 5 days starting on 4/23. The front desk gave us a nice corner room with 2 oversized twin beds as I was traveling with a friend. The first thing I noticed was the rather warm temperature in the room which did not cool down. After about an hour we called maintenance and a very nice gentleman came and removed an extremely filthy air filer and replaced it. Still we sweated all night long in about 78 degrees. When I tried to remove the heavy comforter I realized there was no top sheet and was grossed out about the idea of sharing a comforter with 1000 other people. In the morning I contacted the front desk manager and when we returned to the hotel later that afternoon the A/C was working fine and a top sheet had been put on the beds. Also I went to put on a robe and the previous persons hair was all over it, I put it in the hallway... The hotel reeks of popourri and all hallways seem to not be air conditioned. There is a nice bar and the location is great with the Algonquin and the Iroques all in a row. There is a fabulous resturant Killari right down the street, the food was so good that we ate there twice. Very fresh grilled fish, wonderful beet and walnut salad. The very hip Morgan Hotel and M Bar are right across the street. You can walk to Saks Fifth Avenue easily. The staff and especially Brook the concerierge was wonderful and couldn't be more accomodating, that being said I would sum up the experience as an okay business hotel with lots of europeans staying there. I would probably not stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lauraelizabethg
<Content>Pleasant Stay I stayed at this hotel for a short sightseeing trip. It was a pleasant stay, and I have nothing to complain about. The room was a little on the small side, but that is to be expected from New York. Bed was comfortable, room was clean and tastefully decorated with air conditioning. The hotel location was perfect - between fourth and fifth avenue and on a street with several other hotels that felt safe. Just a couple of blocks away from Times Square in one direction and Grand Central Station in the other, so a perfect location for sight seeing. The concierge was friendly and a big help and booked tickets, had taxis flagged down for us, and gave us general information that we found useful. I'd stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>elcapitan78
<Content>Amazing hotel, fantastic location My girlfriend and I stayed in the Sofitel in late Jan 2008.It was an extra special weekend away because I was planning to propose to my girlfriend. I'd phoned ahead and the Sofitel had upgraded us to a suite with no extra charge... result!The hotel itself is amazing. Great rooms, staff (v. knowledgeable concierge) and if you want to be central NYC you cannot beat the location. You're slap bang in the middle of everything.I would thorougly recommend this hotel to anyone hitting New York for the first time. It made our weekend effortless.Over the weekend my girlfriend turned into my fianc茅!!!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>soxcorby
<Content>perfect we just got back from this trip i am not into all this computer stuff but my sister lives in the states and is forever saying to check tripadvisor before booking read reviews on this hotel and can only thank my sister and the people who put there coments on this site hotel is in a great spot 2 blocks east of times sq next to grand central 1block east radio city 3 blocks north madison sq and maceys 10 south central park 13 north .hotel its self is 1 of the best i have stayed in did not eat there very dear food and drink service great though red flame dinner 200 yards from hotel great breakfast and st andrews scottish bar 250 yards has great food steak ,sea food well worth a visit. this city is great i spent a fair bit of time in states in the past this is great thanks to sofitel  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>clawit
<Content>Didn't even get past reservations I called the Sofitel for a 3 night stay in May - reservations were helpful and a room was booked - I was asked for a cc to guarantee my room so gave over my number. A couple of days later I checked my bank account to find it was lighter by nearly 拢400.I called back the Sofitel and explained I had authorised a holding guarantee but not a deposit and at no time was this mentioned to me. Furthermore this was for a special celebration and my husband would be settling the bill, and the holding card is my account.I was met with I must have called central reservations - which I hadn't - then apparently I must have been redirected to a call centre - what difference does that make - I was asked for a guarantee card not a deposit card.I cancelled my room as I really object to people charged my card when not authorised. The money was refunding back onto my card but due to the charge in exchange rate I am still 拢17 lighter for a transaction I didn't authorise.Thanks Sofitel fantastic 30th birthday present!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>deandti
<Content>Best Hotel in NYC We stayed for 3 nights and enjoyed every night in the hotel. The staff was the best. With very early check-in I was amazed they had a room available for us. To the knowledge of the staff and things to do! Rooms were clean and very well maintained! Great maid service.We did not eat in the hotel, even though they offer great room service. Too busy with all the attractions and sites to see.They do offer smoking rooms for smokers and found that they do not smell of smoke as we have seen in other hotels.Great location and easy walk to many places to visit.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PeanutsIreland
<Content>Great Comfortable stay We enjoyed a comfortable stay at Sofitel, the staff were helpful and efficient.The room was lovely as was the bathroom. This was the first time we had been to New York so I am not sure if it was a little expensive for that type of room, but I had nothing to complain about.The only thing was my boyfriend made two international calls which were a phenomenal price - maybe we were niave about how much hotel calls cost but I never thought it would be that much - so beware!!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Travelor14
<Content>Great! Great Staff, Comfy Beds, Nice Interior Decor... This Hotel is fantastic. When we walked in, a hotel staff member was there to take the luggage out of the taxi and deliver it to our room, while holding the door for us. Concierge was extremely helpful when it came to directions or just general advice The front desk receptionist showed us around the hotel right when we checked in. The rooms are extrememly nice with a spacious and luxerious bathroom, amazingly comfortable bed, in room minibar, and a large flatscreen tv. Hotel also includes free internet acces in the lounge area, a fitness room, and a French resturant. I would definatly consider staying at Sofitel New York the next time I visit Manhatten.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>flysimulator
<Content>Amazing I stayed last january, and I only can say positive things about this hotel.It's been a long time I don't sleep so comfortable in a hotel room, so great bed and pillows!Excellent location, grat staff.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>winnersandthewean
<Content>Sofitel is superb! We have just returned from a five night stay at the Sofitel and can honestly say that we cannot find fault with the hotel. It really is as good as all the reviews claim. We particularly appreciated the free internet access in the lobby, the cleanliness of the rooms and the great location, not to mention the free drink/late check out and upgraded room afforded by the Sofitel Privilege Card (see their website). When we return to NYC we will be staying at the Sofitel.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JC2007Cork_Ireland
<Content>fantastic could not fault this hotel, fab location, staff and service... will definitely stay there again  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ExpatTravelholic
<Content>Superb! We stayed here en route from South Africa back home to the British Virgin Islands, with our daughters aged 5 mths and 3 1/2 years. Our expereince was superb!!! We arrived at the hotel at 8am in the morning (after a 19 hour overnight flight) and were amazed that the hotel made our room available to us. We had a suite and it was very comfortable and beautifully appointed. The service was superb and catered for our every need and as a bonus the location of the hotel was excellent. I can't say one bad thing about our experience.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>specialevents
<Content>5 star treatment at this classy hotel Have just returned from the Sofitel Hotel, in New York to celebrate my birthday and what a fabulous experience we had. We received 5 star treatment from the moment we arrived at the airport. I had already booked a car via Concierge to collect us from the airport and they were there to meet us in arrivals. We enjoyed a pleasant journey to the hotel unlike on a previous occasion when we used a yellow cab! Check in was seamless and all staff we came across at this hotel were fantastic. My partner had phoned ahead and told them it was my birthday so they upgraded us to queen superior on 27th floor - great view of the Chrysler building from our room. You would never believe you were in the centre of the city as it was so quiet 鈥?a Very relaxing experience. About an hour after we arrived, a bottle of champagne arrived at our room for me, which was a very nice touch especially for a hotel of this size. The location of this hotel is great for getting around. A 5-minute walk to Times Square and Theatre land and 2 doors away is DB's restaurant, which everyone must try. The food and service is great. You need to book ahead for DB's as it is always heaving. We ate at The View (revolving restaurant at the Marriott Marquis) one evening and whilst the experience was good, the food was very average. Would not bother with that again. We had a predinner meal at Frankie and Jonnies Steak House which was alsoi good. This place was full and apparently has been there for years so has a great reputation for its steaks - worth a try. We also tried Tavern on the Green for Sunday brunch, which we nearly cancelled because of the reviews on here but glad we did go. Service was excellent and food good. It is no doubt a real tourist attraction for the city but you should give it a try.The Concierge 'crew' at this hotel are probably the best I have come across. They could not do enough for you. They even organised a hair appointment for me at this fabulous salon on 5th! The doormen are so attentive and one is made to feel very special. This is obviously an extremely well ran hotel and is a credit to the management as their high standards range from housekeeping staff all the way through. I became ill towards the end of our stay and they kindly organised a room for me so I could rest before we had to leave for the airport at no charge. I thought this was well and truly above and beyond expectations and really appreciated the kind gesture.I would recommend this hotel to everyone 鈥?it鈥檚 a fabulous place.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fatdaddyDublin
<Content>sofitel is fantastic stayed in sofitel for 6 nights, best hotel i ever stayed in, absolute luxury, upgraded us to king size room after i emailed them a week before telling them we were on honeymoon, staff were so helpful and down to earth, lobby and bar are ultra cool and comfy, room was beautiful with large bath and shower and so quiet, location is perfect, next time we are in new york we will be staying here, no doubt!!!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mrbonkers
<Content>Wonderful! From the doorman to the concierge and the front desk staff, this hotel was lovely. Room service was wonderful, even at 3 a.m. Albert at the front desk was so helpful and nice as was Rene the concierge. The food at the restaurant was delicious, the service very good. Our room was impecably clean, as was the bathroom. We have stayed there a few times, and would not even consider staying anywhere else. The location is fabulous, as well.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tessie1
<Content>New York's Sofitel Hotel -Understated chic This hotel is excellent. It has an atmosphere of chic, understated luxury, from its art-deco lobby to its ultra-comfortable guest rooms. In the latter, everything has been taken of - even the most nit-picking guest would not be able to complain. The beds are supremely cosy and the all-marble bathrooms highly efficient. We had opted for a queen bedroom, but on arrival, decided that the bed might be a little small for my very tall husband. Our request for a twin-bedded room was dealt with courteously and immediately and no extra charge was made. Linen and towels were immaculate, the room was spotless and the chamber-maiding completely unobtrusive.All the staff provided a highly professional skilled service, not obsequious or fawning, but polite, friendly and accommodating. Faultless. The concierge was magnificent.This hotel is perfectly situated in the quiet west 44th street, within easy walking distance of Times Square, Broadway and 5th Avenue and is also within easy walking distance of Central Park, but, despite all these tourist attractions, the quietness of the hotel was a wonderful oasis to return to after a busy day.Breakfast at the hotel was expensive, so we decided to walk a few yards down the road to the fabulous Red Flame Diner, where breakfast was a sheer delight and something we looked forward to each morning.This was our first visit to New York. We shall certainly visit again and we shall certainly stay at The Sofitel. In fact, we shall certainly stay at other Sofitels in the world. The quality of the accommodation and the service is quite extraordinarily wonderful.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Yblodyntatws
<Content>Brilliant!       Fresh flowers on side table!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Des & Carol
<Content>Simply the Best Everything about this hotel was perfect, staff were very helpful,Food was pricey but excellent. Breakfast we had in the Red Flame ,out of the hotel turn right just a few doors up there was usually a queue but seated very quickly food good.Maid service twice a day, 2 bottles of water left every evening.There was even an ironing board and iron tucked away in wardrobe.I would recommend this hotel to everyone with no hesitation, it's so central to many of the sights New York has to offer.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sm1313
<Content>Loved the Sofitel! Stayed at the Sofitel for 3 nights in March 2008. The hotel staff from front desk to housekeeping were very friendly and helpful. The rooms ( large by NYC standards) were very clean, tastefully decorated, and the bed was soooo comfortable! I have stayed in several NYC hotels like the W and Bryant Park, but now I will always come back to the Sofitel.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>CByrne
<Content>Comfiest beds in the world ! Just returned from a 4 day stay..4 girls who had left husbands and children behind for a weekend of shopping and self indulgence ! We could not have chosen a better hotel. Location is excellent, staff are fantastic ( Howard on reception, as our first contact, was a great ambassador for the hotel ). Complimentary coffee and tea in the morning ( not something I am used to seeing in a 5 star hotel ). Concierge made some great dinner recommendations. Despite it's 5 star rating, it did not feel 'snooty '. One day we walked in with Tiffany bags the next with bin bags from the market and we were treated no differently !I travel to New York, business and pleasure, about 4 times a year and can't believe I've not stayed here before..it really was 10 out of 10..and the beds are amazing...I will return.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OlivierReykjavik
<Content>Best option for this price Located in the touristy area - 44th street - it is close to most attractions, the reception is friendly, the rooms very well appointed, the service fine, nothing very special but everything you can expect in a luxury hotel at a competitive price. It also has a nice French atmosphere. The food in room service is ok, the TV great, the bathrooms perfect.. If you are not looking for stiff luxury or fashionable places, it is the perfect choice.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ponchogrl
<Content>Love this Hotel We stayed here for two nights after a less than stellar stay at the Westin down the street. We got a good rate that included breakfast, and I signed up for the privilege card which gives you late checkout, and a free drink upon arrival. I didn't take advantage of either of those things, but they were nice if you had the opportunity to use them. All of the staff that we encountered were very helpful. I had reserved a queen bed for myself and my teenage daughter. We arrived before check in time. The front desk clerk said she could give us that room then, or if we could wait until 3 pm, she could give us a room with 2 twin beds. We jumped at that, so they held our bags, and we returned in the afternoon, wiped out from a day of walking and walking to the most comfortable beds we've ever slept in. It was like sleeping in a cloud. The bathroom was large, with huge soft white fluffy towels, and lots of fun extras, such as a candle, and teeth whitening mints. The tub was deep, and nice to soak in before going out for the night. We had so much fun sleeping in on the comfy beds, we didn't partake of the included breakfast. The Red Flame Diner a couple of doors down was great for carryout when returning back to the room from a show. This was my first time staying at a Sofitel, and hopefully not the last.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>weirdpie
<Content>The Best Bed in the World My partner and I stayed at the Sofitel for 3 nights in January this year after reading good things about it on TripAdvisor. We weren't disappointed. The hotel is excellent: luxurious, very friendly and with the best beds in the world - lie on one and you'll see what I mean.Probably the best endorsement I can give is that we have booked to stay there again in December for 4 nights.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Mickh60
<Content>Great Hotel Sofitel.The hotel kindly upgraded us to a King grand room, from a queen, as we were on our 25th anniversary. The hotel is on w44 st between 5th and 6 Ave. This is easy walking to Times Sq and shopping on 5th Av.The hotel is well laid out and the foyer is impressive. The rooms are very clean and have wonderful aspects. My daughter and partner claim their bed was the most comfortable they have ever slept in. The rooms were modern with all the facilities you would want.The restaurant is a bit pricey, but that is expected in a 4 star hotel, but the food was excellent and well worth the money.The rooms had maid service twice a day and they were  immaculate.All the staff were very friendly and the concierge could not do enough to help even when we were not using their contacts.I have just recommended the hotel to 2 friends who intend to go to NY next month and we will use it again.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Greg00
<Content>Best Hotel in New York!! We just returned from a 4-day stay in New York. I've stayed at the Hilton, Muse, Westin, Waldorf - but none can match the service, room, and location of the Sofitel. It's right between shopping on 5th Avenue and the theatre district. And the stretch of 44th street is relatively quiet compared to other hotel locations. There is a parking facility across the hotel, and diner down the block for a quick bite to eat. The amazing thing about this hotel is you never wait more than 5 seconds for an elevator, and the bathrooms are large and luxurious - glass shower and full sized tub, all in beautiful marble. Big but intimate lobby/sitting area with 3 computers and printer for no charge. The staff was very helpful, and the bell boy saved us $45 by helping us feed the meter for a few hours rather than paying another full day for parking. We got a great rate on Hotwire too, so, we know we got a great deal.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>IGJ44
<Content>Superb Sofitel Stay in this hotel, you will not be disappointed.The location is excellent, right in the centre of midtown Manhattan with 5th Ave and Times Square within a few yards.The room was great with a very comfortable bed, superb bathroom and good facilities.The staff were fantastic particularly the concierge and doormen. The concierge recommended two great restaurants, which they booked while we were there. Before we got there they arranged our helicopter trip and Broadway show. They could not be any more helpful.If we go back we will definitely be staying there again.Also, don't miss the Red Flame diner two doors down for breakfast, great value, great breakfast.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>hibachi
<Content>Great hotel, great location -- not cheap I stayed at this hotel for a few days in December 2007 with a couple of family members. We were in a junior suite. As you know from the other reviews, there are a lot of pros to this hotel: - hotel is new, modern, renovated (which can't be said of all NYC hotels, even the good ones) - large (for New York) rooms - service is good - great views from the upper floors of the building - great location esp for first-time tourists to NYC (which my family members were). Walking distance to Theater District, 5th Avenue shopping and Rockefeller Center, Empire State Building, pretty much everything from Central Park south through Midtown. - good nearby restaurants (including some in that same block)- a couple of other hotels just steps away, if you want a different ambiance. I'd particularly recommend the Algonquin for drinks in their old bar and the supper club performance. The biggest con to this hotel is price. It's not cheap -- we paid $950+/per night for the junior suite. Again that was in December, holiday season, so that's one of the most expensive times of the year. And those prices are in line with the other high-end hotels around the city at that time of the year. Other things that might be undesirable, depending on the individual traveler's preference: - this hotel does feel like a newer, modern style hotel. It doesn't have local charm; it's not atmospheric, old, or quirky. So for people who want local ambiance in their hotel, this isn't it. - it is in the big fat middle of the Midtown tourist and corporate zone. So if you want a neighborhood, where the locals live kind of location -- this isn't it. All that said -- our visit was perfect for what my family members were looking for, and the hotel was great for our needs.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chaserz
<Content>Choose this Hotel, can't go wrong We just returned from a 3 night stay at the Sofitel. This is a GREAT hotel. Being our first trip to the Big Apple, the staff at Sofitel couldn't have made it any better. Check in took less than 2-3 minutes. The whole staff was very helpful and polite, always the first to say...good morning, good evening, can I help out in anyway, etc. The Hotel is very clean and well kept, we had a room on the 20th floor and had absoultely NO noise problems. The Bed, as already stated in previous reviews, is very comfortable which is always in need after a day full of walking. Nice LG flat screen TV with HD channels, which made it nice for NCAA championship weekend! If you have been going back and forth between this hotel and another, waste no more time and choose this one, you will not regret it! THE LOCATION is a great PLUS. It is Central to everything in Midtown, a couple of blocks from Time Square in one direction and 5th Avenue the other. The Red Flame is a nice breakfast spot that is only about a 2 minute walk from the door of the hotel. This being our first time to New York, we couldn't have been more pleased with this hotel. We will definitely stay here again when we return to New York City.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>northern_dude
<Content>Great Service and location Booked on hotwire.com and received a great deal for two nights at the end of January 2008. Location is a short three minute walk to Times Square and half a block walk to fifth ave shopping. We arrived at the Sofitel at 10:00 a.m. and was immediately given a room early. The room had a queen size bed and a great big bathroom. The bathroom was made from marble had a stand up shower and a seperate bath tub . There was also a 42 inch flat screen plasma tv in the room. The only down side to the room was the view of the air conditioner system outside but that didn't bother us as we were on the 3rd floor and wouldn't have a view anyways. The room was unbelievably clean and the bed was so comfortable and the duvets were amazing.The workout facility was great for a hotel. Had treadmills, stepper, and other cardio machines. Had free weights and weight machines as well. Was very clean and looked after. The bar/restaurant was beautifully decorated in french design and you felt quite at home in the big plushy chairs having a late evening drink. The staff at the Sofitel made us feel at home and we would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Leesontour
<Content>Great room and location Stayed for 3 nights in a Queen room, city view and couldn't fault the well equipped room or location of the hotel. Had a slight problem with the a/con but other than that rooms are of a good size, include large flat screen tv if you spend that much time in the room, plus large bathroom. Our room 2217 was at the end of the corridor, so very quiet, with views of the Empire State building and Chrysler Centre. Hotel staff are very pleasant, although we asked for a late check out (4pm as per privilege card) but could only stay until 2pm due to the hotel being fully booked. Didn't try restaurant or bar in the hotel but can recommend 'The Red Flame' diner just 50 yds up the road, food  service excellent and very reasonable.Would certainly stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>newtonmatraveler
<Content>Great hotel for theaters Booked a room at theSofitel after seeing a promotion on travel zoo. The room rate of $245 was well worth it since it included breakfast and free Internet access. The hotel although fairly large does not seem it. Check in was fast and service great. There was a mixup on the promotion and Internet access, but the desk clerk said she would look into it. Minutes after getting to our room she was at the door with 2 free wireless time cards for use in the room. We booked this because we planned to go to the Theater. They are all 2 blocks away and within easy walking distance. If you go, be sure to make dinner reservations ahead of time. We ate at the Kellari Taverna which is right next to the hotel. Its even easy if you use the opentable.com website to book a reservation. Just search under Manhattan and theater district,  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>canadiantravellady
<Content>Excellent Hotel We stayed mid-Sept 07 and had an excellent experience. We had booked on Hotwire which of course meant that we only knew we were booking a 4 start property in mid-town and were happy with what we got. We arrived early as we had been stayin downtown for the first few nights of our trip and moved to mid-town for the last few nights. Upon arrival our room was not ready yet but they advised it would only be about an hour - I informed them it was our honeymoon and they happily upgraded us (even though it was a prepaid Hotwire booking) to a beautiful HUGE suite - it had a separate living room from the bedroom area, a monstrous walk-in closet and a gorgeous bathroom - the room usually goes for over 800USD/nt -- score! The room faced the street but the rooms are soundproof so there was no noise. The front desk staff was extremely courteous and made every effort to make sure you were happy with your stay/room,etc. The concierge was wonderful at making last minute dinner reservations for us and giving great directions to walk to the restaurant (Bar Americain). Fabulous hotel, great location to time square, 5th Ave, Central Park, theatre district - would highly recommend.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Judylee60
<Content>Loved every minute of our stay! My husband and I stayed at the Sofitel, New York to celebrate my birthday for 4 nights on 22 February. We have never been to New York before and the Sofitel was part of what made it so special. We were upgraded to a higher floor (16th) on our arrival and were pleasantly surprised on the size of the room and bathroom. The bed and pillows were so comfortable and there was hardly any street noise so we always had a really good nights sleep. We made use of the hotel's bar every evening after a full days sightseeing/shopping and found it a lovely way to finish the evening. The staff were efficient, helpful and polite so no complaints there. As it was a special occasion I had done some extensive research before booking the Sofitel and it ticked all the boxes. We didn't eat in the restaurant as we were out all day so can't comment but would recommend The Red Flame Diner for breakfast, just a couple of doors down. I would also recommend going to New York this time of year as we managed to visit The Empire State and the Top of the Rock with no queues at all and that was great!! If you like shopping make sure you visit Woodbury Common as well as 5th Avenue as there are great bargains to be had!All in all, we had an amazing time and would not wish to stay anywhere else next time we are in New York!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>NYTravelingAddict
<Content>Nice stay at the Sofitel       Queen-bed room on 9th floor and HUGE TV  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>fee07
<Content>What a great stay!! We stayed at the Sofitel for one week end of February and all we can say is: it was excellent. We come to NYC for about 12 years, but we never had a hotel like this.Because of our late flight arrival, we checked in at 9.30pm. The staff member was very helpful and made every effort to give us a room to our personal preferences. Even when we asked, if we can have a look at the room first ( because we wanted to have a room on a high floor with a cityview), he accompanied us to 2 different rooms!We decided to take the Kingbed Room, which was really spacious and extremly comfortable (especially the bed, you think, you're in heaven), furnished with high standards and the marble bathroom was wonderful.We tried a few hotels before, but this hotel is absolutely on top and we will never search for another hotel when spending time in NYC. Everyone, if frontstaff, doorman, roommaid or anybody else was friendly, helpful and made our stay a really, really pleasant one. We already look forward to coming back soon.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BernieIreland
<Content>Very Central, comfy We arrived early, 11am, check in isnt until 3pm, so we left our bags and headed off for a couple of hours. When we returned just after 3pm, it was very busy with people checking in, but que went quicky. When I tried to check in I was told my room wasnt ready! - Wasnt impressed, and told the receptionist, as we had also just come off a long flight from Ireland. She dissapeared for about 10mins and then returned and said she had a room. We headed up and it wasnt until we got into bed that we realised it was a smoking room - I had requested a non smoking room, the bedclothes smelt very bad with cigarette smoke. I went back down to reception and they said that they would change us into another room the next day. Apart from all of that hassle, which you don't need , I found our room fine, large - by NYC standards, clean, decent size bathroom - has bath and seperate shower, flat screen tv. Food in restaurant is very good, but quite expensive, as are the drinks at the bar. But over all I would return as it is very central - 2mins walk to Times Square. And I found it quiet and comfy.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	2	3	4	

<Author>DublinFred
<Content>Amazing Hotel Believe all the good reviews this hotel is fantastic for new york standards. The hotel is clean and modern, all the staff couldn't do enough to help us especially the consierge and a special mention for Brooke. The room was spacious and the bathroom was extra clean with a shower and bath. The room was cleaned every day and then in the evening there was a turn down service. When we would come in after long days shopping or sightseeing the light and heat would be on, our bed ready to lay in and a sweet smell in the room. Drank in the bar one night, though expensive, the service was worth it the bar man made special cocktails for us. Did not eat in the restaraunt as it seemed very fancy for us but all in all we had a great stay in the Sofitel and would highly recommend it. Will definitely be staying here on our next visit to New York!!!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Melissa01
<Content>Excellent Hotel Would highly recommend this hotel.Firstly it is in a great location a five minute walk from Times Square and all the shops along Fifth Avenue.The hotel itself is very clean - the staff are helpful and the room was big particulary for New York rooms .The bathroom was huge !!!!!New York itself was amazing and we really enjoyed our trip.We flew out with BA the flight was fine but i have to say having flown to America wih Virgin since - i would pick Virgin next time.A few tips - you can buy a pass for the buses from the street vendors, do haggle for them though. These work on a loop system that go around all of New York stopping at each place of interest. They are open top and great in the summer. On our first day we got on the Bus and just stayed on for the whole route ( 2 hours ) to get our bearings and to understand where everything is. You see some great sites and are able to get on and off whenever you want to.Naturally there is lots of places to eat. We went to the Hard Rock Cafe and even found an indian restuarant 5 minute walk from our hotel ! Abercrombie, Tiffanys, Gucci and Trump Towers are all very close also on Fifth Avenue.Note if you want to go to Rainbow Rooms, even in the day we werent allowed in in jeans but genererally everywhere else was casual dress.We went for 4 nights and found this to be just the right length of stay we got to see everything we wanted to it was tiring but well worth it.We booked the hotel and flghts seperate and Expedia were really reasonable for the hotel room - 100 pounds per night per person for an upgraded room. It is very easy to get a taxi at the airport and the hotel reception booked our return car for us. It was around 50 dollars.We would love to return to New York and would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Toterama
<Content>Fabulous hotel This was my first trip to New York and having been told about how small the rooms were in the city I was pleasantly surprised when I arrived at the Sofitel New York. It is such a fabulous hotel and the room was beautiful with a great view of the Empire State building. The staff were faultless especially the concierege who was extremely helpful and knowledgeable. The beds were to die for and if i could have packed it in my suitcase i would have done!:) I honestly can't rave about this hotel more and i loved New York so much so i am coming back in December and can't wait.!!! Go for it you won't regret it.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>trauha
<Content>Great restaurant, slick place, professional, the staff really want to please. The restaurant especially was a very positive surprise, we let the very elegant waiter (not at all stuffy - just polite and friendly and active, just like the whole place) recommend the champagne, and he chose Demoiselle Tete de Cuvee which was outstanding, yet unfamiliar until now. A great champagne!The concierge is very professional and knowledgeable, altogether the Sofitel is a very slick place. Looks clean, nothing is rundown. Great fitness room. Breakfast is a la carte, no buffet.They sleep three only in suites. As peviously noted the limos on the streets are almost as cheap as the taxis. The hotels own limo is a very nice car and a bit more costly than the freelancers on the street. Very close to Top of the Rock and Times Square and 5th avenue and the museums like Moma.Since many of the better hotels seem to get mixed reviews, I would say this is a 'safe bet'. French spoken. Many French staff.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nenepoos
<Content>Just Superb We stayed at the Sofitel for the third time in as many trips to NYC. I checked around before I booked, fooling myself that we would stay somewhere else and then booked the sofitel.The first piece of quality service came before we left when I noticed that the hotel were offering rooms at a cheaper rate than I had booked I contacted the hotel to point this out. They replied, refunding the difference and upgrading us.We arrived, checked in and had a flawless stay. We sampled the food twice. Once at night we had burgers from the room service menu. They were very nice - if a bit expensive. We also had breakfast the last morning which was a real treat and at 鈧?5 not bad value at all.The rooms are comfortable and of a decent size, the bathrooms are really nice and the view included the empire state and the Chrysler building.I filled in the hotel survey form after my trip and the final question was what could they have done to improve the hotel. I was really struggling to come up with a reasonable reply other than build a pool on the roof ttype silly answers.Since we stayed there last year they have installed new 40 flat screens in the bedroom - very impressive if a bit bulky for the room.This is a marvelous place to stay in NYC. If you can get it for your budget dont look anywhere else.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SJCO
<Content>Believe the reviews - you won't be dissappointed. My girlfriend and I stayed at this hotel from 06.02.08 until 11.02.08 and we cannot say a bad word about it. Sure it's expensive to drink in the bar but what hotel isn't?. Our room (1004) was superb and the bed was so comfortable we didn't want to get out!!!The concierge was so helpful and arranged reservations for us at the River Cafe, Brooklyn as well as finding me a bar to watch Prem football in (Clancy's on 2nd Ave between 50  51st st).Don't waste money eating in the hotel as the Times Deli on w44th caters for everybody and is great value for breakfast.We will definately stay here again we we visit NYC and would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>emah
<Content>Decent place to stay I changed my reservation from the Library Hotel (where I have stayed before very happily) to the Sofitel, the week before I travelled, because the Tripadvisor Top 100 hotels list came out and put the Sofitel ahead of the Library and I wanted to see why. I snagged a rate on the hotel website that was comparable to the Library rate (it was cheaper but it did not include breakfast) for a lower floor queen bed room. I arrived at 6pm after 26 hours of travel from Australia and asked for a quiet room and was given an upgrade to the 19th floor. The room itself was a decent size and the bathroom was fabulous compared to the tiny bathrooms at the Library. The toiletries are fantastic and I loved the Orchid in the bathroom and the candle - nice touches. The bed was soooo soft that I woke in the morning with a sore back, but I remedied this by removing the feather-filled topper from the bed for the rest of the stay (its actually a duvet and not a mattress topper proper as far as I could tell). The concierge was fantastic (my bags did not the LA transfer with me and didn't arrive until 6pm the next day, and the Concierge rang to find out where they were for me, when they didn't arrive first thing in the morning as I had been promised at the airport. The location is great (but only a block over from the Library so I didn't see that as a deal breaker). I had room service my first night and it was fantastic although expensive - arrived promptly and was soooo huge (soup, grilled cheese sandwhich, fries and chocolate cake) that I kept half of it and had it when I woke up with jet-lagged promptness at 6am (ie 2am NYC time) hungry. I also had the continental breakfast one morning and that provided enough for lunch as well. My only complaints are that the ceiling of my bathroom was really icky - mouldy and stained. very unattractive. and i was charged for internet use on my first night when I could not have used it because my internet cables and plugs were in my bags somewhere in LA and my laptop battery was dead after the trip. Although I have brought it to the attention of management, no one has bothered to reply and no refund has been forthcoming, which I think is poor service.Next time I will head back to the Library because I like it there, but I would happily stay at the Sofitel again - it was a perfectly decent place to stay.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>markCheltenham
<Content>Sofitel New York a Must If you happen across my review then I would suggest you trust it. When I booked the Sofitel I read many reviews and trusted them, and I'm glad I did. Without going into too much detail and becoming boring, this was a great hotel. Like most new york hotels there isn't much to see from the outside, but a revolving doorway and a door man or two. First impression when walking in was impressive. Marble, sofa's, plenty of staff, quite luxurious. The room, as previous, comfortable, spacious, large bathroom, huge TV, all you need and more, considering that most of our time was spent doing what we went to NY for, walking and sight seeing, etc. Importantly, as you leave the hotel, take a left and within a minute you are on 5th ave, turn right and within about 2-3 mins you fall over time square. We found we were in the heart of NY, convenient for everything. Walking up 5th, we were only about 15 minutes from central park, and down 5th, about 15 minutes from empire state. About 60 seconds to the right of the front door was the red flame diner. Like something straight off the TV, it was cheap, great food, huge menu, and fast. A must for breakfast.I would recommend the hotel without question. Even when we had to leave at 5am, the doorman hailed a cab for us, something that I had planned to take a lot longer. We ended up arriving at the airport an hour earlier than required.Overall, great hotel, good service, the best location. Go there.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Shell4Andy
<Content>Superb Location, Large rooms for New York! Excellent hotel. Great location, clean, friendly service - everything you could want from a hotel on a city break! Only two negatives - the complimentary water is infact a small bottle 33cl of evian. I felt a bit cheated by that expecting it to be unlimited and not kiddie sized bottles! Number 2 - The Gaby Bar. Two Cappuchinos for $12... you've got to be kidding me! I know it's a French Hotel but I don;t expect Paris prices in New York, especially with the strength of th 拢 against the $!All in all the hotel itself was excellent, We had them book us a table one evening at Keens (based on thier recomendation) my suggestion is, do your homework on where to eat - because Keens Steakhouse that we were told about - was disgusting! I would say i'd stay here again, but I wouldn't. New York is too big and has far too many amazing hotels to stay anywhere more than once. Or perhaps I haven't found my favourite yet. If it's your first time in NYC this hotel is for you, the location is the best part about this place, so close to all the tourist areas - Times Square, Fifth Avenue, Top of The Rock..etcAnother suggestion, ask for a room on the highest floor, that way you may get a decent view. We requested this and had a room on the 20th floor. 2020 to be exact and had a pretty cool view of the Crysler building!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Ardveen
<Content>Great Location, Great Hotel We stayed at the Sofitel NY for five days recently and loved this hotel. We were on 18th floor with excellent views. Staff were pleasant, professional and helpful. The room and bathroom were large and nicely decorated. The location is particulary good - just off 5th Avenue but in a quiet street. Would be happy to recommend to others and will definately stay here again. This hotel is well above average for a four star and worth the cost.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GoIndians
<Content>perfectly fine but not without problems Stayed 3 nights booking two rooms. While we were not unhappy with our visit there were several problems. On check-in, we were advised that even though we reserved two rooms with one large bed each, we would be getting the second room with two doubles. No big deal for us but it might have been for other people. Dead flowers in the bathroom. No big deal, we just threw them out. But if the hotel goes to the trouble of putting flowers in the room, you might think they would want them pretty and fresh. Our pay-per-view movie cut out with 10 minutes to go. The front desk took the charge off the bill but we needed to phone our daughter in college to learn the ending. Noise was a significant factor as well. We could hear voices quite clearly next door and the phone ringing in that room sounded like our room. It didn't keep us up but it very well might have. We have stayed right next door at the Iroqois for about the same price. The Sofitel room is bigger and the view a little better but we might opt for the next door neighbor next visit.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	2	3	2	

<Author>RedGiraffe
<Content>Will Not Stay Anywhere Else When In NY       Gaby Bar  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jutmoll
<Content>Nice hotel, great location Midtown location makes this a perfect choice, especially if you're headed to Broadway. Mostly everything about the place is first class, and definitely worth the price we paid ($250 per room plus tax for Presidents' weekend). My only real complaint was a heating system that occasionally sounded like a jet taking off, but it wasn't so terrible you couldn't sleep or anything. Very clean, nice amenities. I'd recommend it.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>ciarao
<Content>Perfect Stay Just back from a four night stay in sofitel. I booked the hotel because of the great reviews on this website and was not disappointed. It was my fourth time in NY and this was by far the best hotel I have stayed in, in this city. The staff were all so polite, friendly and helpful from start to finish. The room (mine was standard) was large by NY standards and the bathroom was great. Really comfortable room over all and modern in decor. Turn down service was a lovely touch. Bed was really comfy and provided for a great night's sleep. The rooms have sound proof windows so they were so quiet and peaceful. My room was actually by the lifts and I heard very little noise/disturbance throughout my stay. The location is fantastic. Just a couple of blocks from Times Square. Few blocks either way to Macy's and Saks. Ideally located for the tourist. Didnt eat in the hotel so cant comment on food etc.Will definitely stay again.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jellyb1
<Content>Great Location, Great Hotel My partner and I stayed at the Sofitel in December of 2007 for 3 nights. This was our first time to New York and the first time staying in a Sofitel and it was a really great experience.The hotel is in a fantastic location; just a very short walk away from the bright lights, shops and restaurants of Times Square. We also found Macy's and The Rock a very short walk away. 5th Avenue was a little bit more of a hike but we managed it without having to break out into too much of a sweat and sometimes treated ourselves to a very cheap taxi back to the hotel after a day of non-stop shopping! The hotel although right in the middle of everything, was down a very quiet street. We loved coming back to the hotel and being greated by the cheerful and welcoming staff at the front door.We went for one of the cheaper rooms (although still quite expensive). These rooms were only mean't to be on the very low floors of the hotel but we emailed the hotel ahead of our journey and asked if we could have our room as high up as possible for a nice view, and they definately delivered! The room itself was a lovely size with and the bed that was so comfortable we wanted to take home with us. There was also a really huge LCD TV in the room and I found it very difficult to get my partner away from the TV and out onto the streets of NY. The bathrooms were gorgeous as well and the whole room was extremely clean. We had room service on our first night at the hotel and really enjoyed the food - although because of the location of the hotel we found it very easy to venture out for a delicious dinner.All in all we thought the Sofitel was a great hotel and we loved how convenient it was to get to all the location attractions. When we go back to New York we will probably be staying at this hotel again.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>binglaa
<Content>Sofitel is Five Star At Four Star Prices Can't really add much to what has already been said. Definitely agree that it is worth joining SOFITEL PRIVILEGE for the late check out and free drink (including cocktails!). This hotel is faultless and it you like ART DECO it has wonderful design touches.We have been to NYC 12 times in the last 14 years and tried many different hotels however SOFITEL is definitely the best value feeling very 5 STAR for 4 STAR prices.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AnywhereUSA310
<Content>Another Good Stay at the Sofitel I discovered the Sofitel a couple of years ago when I fled the Algonquin (which is down the street) after just one night. (Warning - the rooms at the Algonquin bear no relation to the pictures on the Algonquin's website).On this trip I was staying with relatives in New York when I was struck with the flu and decided to decamp to the Sofitel to recuperate. I will often book through Priceline, but with the flu I knew I was going to be confined to my room, so I did not want to take any chances on getting a bad hotel by bidding for an unknown property on Priceline. So I booked the Sofitel on Expedia.Here are the things I like about the Sofitel.Quiet - it is one of the quietest hotels I have stayed at anywhere. That is saying a lot for a city like New York. On both this stay and on my last stay, I felt like I was the only guest in the hotel and did not hear any street noise or any noise from the other rooms.Window Treatments - great window treatments - you can block out all the light at night.Room size - the rooms are very spacious for New York. (One of the reasons I checked out of the horrible Algonquin back when I first discovered the Sofitel a couple years ago is because of the shoebox size rooms there).Bathroom - as many have commented, the Sofitel has very nice bathrooms. There is a lot of counter space to spread out toiletries and every room has both a separate shower and tub (which is becoming very hard to find in New York since the trend is just to have a large shower - not good if you like a bath).Good lighting - there is more than adequate light to read and work.Some complain that the rooms are bland. It is true that unlike some of the hip boutique hotels, there is no cutting edge design. But I would rather have comfort over cutting edge design and I find the rooms with the simple white duvets and clean lines to have a Zen-like serenity. (Some complain that you just get a duvet, with no top sheet. But that is exactly how I sleep at home since I find top sheets annoying - so chacun 脿 son go没t).If you are looking for a hip, happening hotel, you probably won't like the Sofitel. I find it very sedate. That is a huge plus to me, but could be a minus to you.Anyway back to this stay. Wasn't sure how long I was going to be sick, so booked two nights through Expedia. Got put on the 14th floor (floors 2-14 are the cheap floors) right near the elevator. Didn't matter - it was still dead quiet and I felt like the only guest in the hotel. The room was fine - spacious and sunny with a nice little view (helpful when you are spending your time in bed sick looking out the window). One minor quibble with the room - the flat screen tv is on the desk. There is still room to work at the desk, but if you really wanted a desk where you could spread out, you might be unhappy (not an issue for me because I was too sick to work, but just noting it for business travelers. If you have a really work intensive trip - book a suite - see below).When I still had not recovered from the flu after two nights, I booked an additional three nights at the hotel. Expedia showed no availabiliy, but I was able to book directly (albeit at a higher price than through Expedia - I assume the hotel had higher occupancy on those nights and thus the rate was higher).Although there was nothing wrong with my original room, when I decided to stay an additional three nights, I asked if I could be upgraded. They offered to put me on a higher floor - the rooms are the same, you are just higher up. I asked if they had something bigger. They offered a corner suite for $100 more a night. I hesitated, but then agreed and I am glad I did - best $300 I have ever spent. The suite was really lovely - a big window in the bedroom with a view of the Chrysler building - absolutely beautiful at night. A very large sitting room with another big window, a comfy couch and chair, a large desk (no tv on it - unlike in the regular rooms), a very attractive entry way and a walk in closet. Same bathroom as the original room, except in the suites the tubs are bigger. Made me feel a whole lot better about being sick to be in such a nice environment.Room service - as you can imagine, being sick I made quite a bit of use of room service. Thankfully, unlike at some hotels, room service at the Sofitel operates 24 hours a day, although the after hours menu is quite limited. I find it amusing that people on this website complain about the price of room service at the Sofitel. It's like complaining about rain - it is just a fact of life that room service in a big city hotel is expensive. (And room service at the Sofitel is cheaper than at some other New York hotels such as the Grand Hyatt and the Royalton). Anyway, I didn't think the room service menu was very imaginative and the food was okay, but not great. Room service was prompt and everything was nicely plated. If you order tea, be sure to ask them to bring the hot water in a metal pourer rather than in the tea pot as the water will stay hot quite a bit longer even though the pourer is not as pretty as the tea pot. The Sofitel uses a good quality tea bag for their tea service. But It would have been much nicer to have loose leaf tea (which, alas, seems to be asking too much at 99.9% of hotels). (If you want loose leaf tea, however, you can get it next door to the Sofitel at the restaurant in the Iriquois Hotel).One final word - avoid using the Sofitel's dry cleaner. They ruined a favorite knit top I gave them by shrinking it so it no longer fit. The hotel refunded my money for the dry cleaning, but that was small consolation for a ruined favorite article of clothing. And items that I gave to launder while not irrevocably ruined came back faded and stiff. They really need to improve the laundry service - avoid it at all costs.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>rover54
<Content>Great Location for a first visit to NY We had never stayed in New York before and so have nothing to compare the Sofitel with, and it seems that all well placed hotels are eye-wateringly expensive.The Sofitel is superbly located for tourists, with Times Square/Broadway, the Empire State and Central Park all with 5-15 minutes walk in different directions. Despite its central location, the street the hotel is located on is quite quiet. Our standard room was a good size, spotless, with a very comfortable bed and large bathroom. The restaurant is 'French' but the menu seems to be the same every night. However there are numerous options within a short walk, both 'upmarket' and more basic. Breakfast at the hotel is good, but most days we ate at the Red Flame, a basic diner about two minutes walk away. The food is half the price and you get a taste of more typical New York life.Some reviews mention building noise. There is building work going on nearby and some noise does reverberate up through the hotel, but this is only during the day, when you spend little time in your room.Even walking back to the hotel past midnight we felt very safe - safer than in the average UK city centre after midnight.In summary this is a superbly located hotel, especially for tourists. It is expensive, but so it seems are its competitors. The hotel is of good quality in every way, the only downside for us being a restaurant menu that didn't change.If we go back to New York, we would stay here again without hesitation.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TheBigFourOh
<Content>Superb in the snow We booked our stay in the strength of previous reviews and the high ranking the hotel has, when compared to all the other hotels available. We are so glad we did. What a find!!. Hotel is oppulently decorated with a flower display in the lobby (at the time of our visit) all red roses amd white flowers to celebrate Valentine's day (ahh!). Our room was on the 19th floor (ask for a high room) and the view from the rooms, whilst in our case was not picture postcard, were fascinating nonetheless for all of the different styles of buildings we could see. And from this floor we could see a lot. In any event as we were out of the Hotel from a.m. 'till dark, the view was inconsequential. The rooms are very comfortable, the beds more so and everything in them you need - the mini bar was used but if the rooms also included tea or coffee making facilities it would have been better. Hotel bar quite pricey, but at a guess i would say no more than other 4 star hotels. Within walking distance of Times Square, Chrysler Building, G C Station, Macy's, Bloomingdales - all the theatres of Broadway.The staff all were affable and friendly; even when it snowed we were asked if we'd like to borrow an umbrella. My tip to pass on would be that when returning to the airport ask the doorman to get you a cab- he'll ask you whether you'd like a yellow cab or a Town car. The Town car costs $10 more than a yellow cab, but is infintley more luxurious and perfectly safe as the drivers and their care are all connected with the Hotel.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MacGreen
<Content>Location great for Shopping Sofitel is located in a great location in terms of shopping with 5th Avenue main shops and Macy's only a short walk away (in different directions).The rooms themselves are spacious and airy - with a great bathroom. Travelling on my own, I opted to have room service - and would thoroughly recommend the food - breakfast in the restaurant was also delicious.My only negative point would be to say that my room faced inwards - so there wasn't a great deal of natural light - although it was quiet.Would definately recommend this hotel  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>tabbykins
<Content>Return visit even better than the first Our second visit here in less than a year. The good service started before we arrived as the concierge was very helpful  prompt booking tables at restaurants we had been unable to get into EMailing direct. The concierge reconfirmed these bookings for us when we arrived and we dined at those restaurants without any problems or waits for tables.On arrival at the hotel we were greeted personally by M. Louis Lenglet, the Guests Relations Manager who showed us to our room. I'm not sure whether this was because we were returning guests or because it was my birthday, but he is a charming man  made us feel very welcome  important! We had requested a high floor  were on the 21st with great views of the Chrysler  beautiful Helmsley Buildings. For my birthday, there was a bottle of champagne  some luxury cookies waiting for us  also a birthday card. Nice touch for a special occasion. We had a King Room (Most Prefered catagory on their website) which is very spacious with plenty of wardrobe space. Very quiet  peaceful on a high floor.The location is fantastic for shopping, restaurants etc within easy walking distance. The staff here will do absolutely all they can to ensure your stay is a good one  anything you ask for is attended to immediately. I cannot really add anything to what has already been said in all the other rave reviews other than to say, it's all true. I have not stayed in any other hotels in New York so can't compare but I do know people who've been disappointed or just found their hotels to be ho-hum. So we will stick with the lovely Sofitel for our next visit to this fantastic city, 'If it's not broken, don't fix it'! Tips - as others have said, join the on-line loyaly scheme before you go for perks. The 4pm check out was great for us as we had an evening flight back to UK. You also get a free drink in the bar (ask for your voucher at reception). We used Franciso's Limo service to take us back to Newark. He is excellent  the cost is too. The doorman are great at dealing with all your transportation needs, including a stretch limo for a special treat if you fancy it, at a very bargain price. Sofitel feels like home in New York.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Laura2812
<Content>Two Thumbs Up!       Our room @ the Sofitel  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Swage
<Content>In Love with Sofitel       Bathroom  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Tigger73
<Content>Loved it - Already recommended to friends who have booked Believe all the great reviews! You hear the horror stories about NY hotels offering poor service, tiny rooms with lots of traffic noise, shabby rooms etc but this doesn't apply to the Sofitel!The hotel is in a great location in between Time Sq (2 blocks) and Fifth Avenue (1 block) but tucked away from the hustle and bustle. Staff very helpful and polite, rooms lovely and big with beds that you just sink into. We stayed on the 17th floor overlooking 45th and had no trouble sleeping, no traffic noise (apart from the odd siren but it is the city!) and the black out curtains really worked in the morning!Already recommended this hotel to friends who have booked it for April. I don't normally like to re-visit hotels as I think its nice to experience new hotels each time but on my next visit to NY I will be back to the Sofitel.Can't recommend this hotel enough.PS - If its your first visit to NY I can recommend the open top bus tour on your first day, if helps you get your bearings and plan what you want to see and where they are.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>byjove
<Content>Reasonable value for money We stayed in the Sofitel for four nights and it was a good experience overall. Excellent location, clean room, attentive staff, reasonably priced (for New York).The staff is courteous and friendly but has apparently been instructed to market the hotel's Frenchness, and to me at least, the often-heard 'bonsoirs' seem slightly over the top.Some oddities are typically French indeed, such as the main entrance's revolving door which doesn't move until you put your full weight behind it.Our bathroom doors were rather flimsy and couldn't be closed properly, and the ventilator wasn't working well.And now we are nitpicking anyway, the USA Today (free copy) is not up to the hotel's standard 鈥?should be the NYT or WSJ.But these are all minor issues of course.WiFi-access is an extra $10 per day or $40 per month (T-Mobile hotspots, US-wide).The bar/restaurant was uncomfortably warm so we decided not to try it.For lunch, try the nearby Indian restaurant (a 2-minute walk, direction Grand Central) which offers an extensive buffet for $16.98 per person.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>abaykowal
<Content>wonderful getaway My husband and I spent one night at the NYC Sofitel. We chose the Sofitel based on the Tripadvisor reviews. The check in staff was very attentive. The were actually able to give me a lower rate then I had previously booked. The room was extremley clean. However it was a bit on the smaller side. Rooms are standard with a queen size bed... you need to request a king.Of course we expect that in the city. NIce Plasma TV and very well equipped bathroom. Bed was comfortable and Linens impeccable.The Hotel Bar was on the smaller side...difficult to find a seat at times even though it was a Sunday evening. Nice bar menu and good staff. The atmosphere in the hotel was quiet and relaxing. You felt removed from the hustle and bustle of the city.We will definetly return to the Sofitel in NYC.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>jmason70
<Content>Loved the Sofitel !!!! Sofitel is a beautiful hotel in a very central location on W. 44th Street. It is walking distance to Times Square (about 3 blocks), to Rockefeller Center,Bryant Park,5th Ave and close to the subway. The staff was excellent, very friendly and always helpful. Our room was beautiful, very quiet and had a nice view on the 17th floor. Ask for the highest floor possible. The lower floors don't have much of a view. The bathroom was very nice, mostly marble and had a separate shower, with a candle and fresh flower. Housekeeping kept everything very clean and they even have turn down service with free bottled Avian water at night. The bed was almost too comfortable. The heavy duvet was too warm at night. The only complaint I have is that there was no top sheet to use in place of the duvet. The concierge knows everything about New York and was eager to help and very friendly. The doormen were always friendly and opening doors when we came and went. Drinks at the hotel restaurant bar were good (but expensive). Order the hummus as an appetizer. It was awesome! We just LOVED the Sofitel and will definitely stay there on our next visit to New York. **Tip- If you want to avoid the expensive breakfasts at the hotel restaurant, there is a diner very close to the hotel called the Red Flame. The food is great, inexpensive, and the service is excellent. We ate breakfast there all 4 days while visiting. As you exit the hotel, take a right and the Red Flame is just a short distance down the street on the right.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tonyeng
<Content>Give it a try Stayed in this hotel for two nights just before Christmas. Booked it because of the recommendations on TripAdvisor and it reached all our expectations. Superb location. Rooms a bit small but comfortable and clean. Restaurant in Hotel was OK. Bar in Hotel good and friendly. For breakfast we went to the local diner a couple of buildings away which was good value for money and recommended.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PackerCraft
<Content>Tranquility in the heart of Midtown Fantastic experience. We booked a two-night getaway to explore the city and we were close to it all. Safe and comfortable, our stay was a high value. With most NYC hotels running $300/night+ this was a fabulous choice -- close to everything but a nice respite once we left the busy sidewalks.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tremizzle
<Content>Perfectly acceptable       Sofitel NYC - Bathroom  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>cosmo23Dublin
<Content>Fab Sofitel !! Went to New York last November and felt compelled to write a review on this hotel. We really enjoyed our experience. The room was spacious, bathroom large and staff friendly. Anything we requested was promptly delivered to the room. As with all hotels room service was expensive but food was enjoyable. Location wise you can't beat this hotel. Very close to both 5th Avenue and times square. free Internet services available in the lobby which is also very helpful. All in all can't complain and we had a wonderful time.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>DCDottie63
<Content>Absolutely wonderful!! When I placed a bid for a recent trip to New York City, I didn't know what to think when I received a reservation for Sofitel. After reading several reviews on this site, I was really looking forward to this trip. Upon entering the lobby of the hotel, I knew I was in for a wonderful stay. I arrived a bit before check-in time but there was a room available for me. The lobby was sleek and beautifully lit. Definitely a nice place to meet with friends and chat. Both the room and bathroom were spotless and spacious. The hotel staff could not have been friendlier. Shortly after checking in someone from the staff knocked on the door and inquired if everything was ok. I haven't experienced turn down service during my last few trips to NYC and it was a pleasant surprise to see that the curtains were closed and light turned on when I returned later that evening from the theatre. I hope during my next visit to NYC that I'm able to stay at Sofitel again. I've stayed at 7 hotels within the last 12 months, and Sofitel is definitely on the top of my list!!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Chicago_Travler1
<Content>Great location The best part of this hotel was the great location. Nice clean rooms with lovely bathrooms. Try to ask for the highest floor possible. You might get some kind of a view that way. Concierge was not very helpful, but whatever.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	3	4	

<Author>mazza1
<Content>Great Hotel I went to Sofitel to celebrate my birthday with a friend. The hotel was recommended and met my expectations. Rooms were clean and comfortable, staff were very polite and very helpful. The location of the hotel was superb and very central. The conciege was very helpful and was always cheerful.We drank in the bar every night before retiring and the staff were very chatty and polite. Their knowledge of the city was very good and recommended some good shops and sights.I would highly recommend this hotel and plan to return in the future.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Boey-7
<Content>We loved the sofitel This was our second stay in NYC and we loved the Sofitel, the position was terrific just 2 minute walk to times square, the resturant food was very good, we were treated with respect by all staff and even upgraded to the 20th floor due to our honeymoon. Special mention to Renee, the concierge, who did so much for us , he definetly is one of the best in the business. They even organised a limo to pick us up at JFK on arrival which was a great touch. I would not stay anywhere else in NYC, the Sofitel gave us memories for a lifetime. Outstanding!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravGem
<Content>Excellent! This hotel was everything we hoped for and more. The staff are courteous and very helpful and it is sparklingly clean and well maintained. The rooms are warm and luxurious and perfect for relaxing in after a hard day pounding the streets! The beds are very comfortable and the bathrooms superb. There was nothing we found that we could pick fault with. Never had to wait for a lift and there was no street noise although we were on the 2nd top floor! Would recommend to anyone and will definitely be going back!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LemonTwist
<Content>Convenient and Comfortably Elegant But Not Luxurious We just returned from a surprise 50th birthday trip to NYC for my husband. The Sofitel was recommended to me by a trusted and well-traveled friend as being conveniently located and comfortably elegant. It was both. The room was really quiet and we found the duvet-covered bed to be perfectly comfortable and cozy. The room was clean, well-kept, nicely organized and tastefully appointed but I wouldn't say it was luxurious---very nice but not luxurious. We arrived to champagne, a personalized birthday cake that was delicious, and a lovely cheese and fruit plate sent by family. I had requested a room with a nice view and we were put in room 2221 facing the Chrysler Building. It was a nice enough view but nothing to write home about. I was a little disappointed to see on the fire evacuation map on the door that our room, though we had booked a deluxe king for a special occasion, appeared to be a smaller version鈥攁t least on that floor. Based on the floor plan it appeared that the 鈥?1鈥檚鈥?on each floor may be smaller versions of the other comparable rooms if the floor plan is the same---worth checking out when you request your room. Room service offerings were nice enough but at the price, it was well worth the effort to venture out. The bar was nice but the staff seemed very disengaged/indifferent---not a smile to be had. A little warmth makes all the difference. In general the hotel staff was perfectly polite but I wouldn't say they were overly warm. The housekeeping staff did a great job as far as I could tell. The various concierges were always happy to assist but I can鈥檛 really say that any of their recommendations hit the mark. I got the feeling that they were recommendations focused on the convenience rather than on the experience which is more what we were looking for鈥攑erhaps we didn鈥檛 adequately convey that. There were several other items that really weren鈥檛 that big of a deal to us but others may feel differently so I thought I would mention them. When we arrived the first evening, it quickly became apparent that the AC was not working. We called engineering and were told that the AC was out due to boiler problems. They said to turn off the air while they were working on it but then they never notified us when the repair was complete and we fell asleep in a hot room on top of the covers. One evening my husband made a run to the ice machine and found it not working. He went to several other floors before finding one that was operating. And lastly, the hotel provides a nice soap, shampoo, conditioner and hair rinse but no bath salts or anything to add to your bath so be sure to bring your own in the event you would like to soak in the tub. All in all, the things I mention as negatives were rather minor in our eyes but had they been tended to, our stay would have been even better. A solidly good hotel in a great location but not extra special.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Azia76
<Content>It was okay.. The Sofitel in NYC was okay. There wasn't anything wrong with it. It was very pretty, decent sized for NYC, great location...but that's about it. I did love the speakers in the bathroom and the bathroom was really pretty, but nothing I wouldn't expect from Sofitel. Overall, I've seen better, but the location is hard to beat. Really close to everything you could want to see or visit downtown. Staff seemed a bit cold, but that's normal anymore. We stayed here for the last part of our honeymoon (was in Bermuda before) and they gave us free champagne and champ. glasses, along with a letter congratulating us. That was nice of them, but a free night would have been better...haha I know I'm dreaming. :)  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>R_and_C-London
<Content>Great Location, as good as the reviews say I took my GF here for Christmas as a romantic suprise, (and to propose to her - thankfully she said yes :), naturally I wanted a great hotel with a perfect location to set the mood for a magical christmas.we arrived well before booking out (3pm), as as expected our room wast ready. after having lunch and exploring a little, our room wasn't ready an hour and a half later, so they upgraded us to a bigger room, which was greatly appreciated.our room was immaculately clean, and well detailed. we returned to our room ever night to a box of chocolates and 2 bottles of water, which was a nice touch. the bed was in a league of its own - every bit as amazing as people have mentioned! I knew they were reknowned for their comfortable beds, but they were dangerously comfortable - often you'd lie down and find you didn't want to get up again!we abstained from the hotel breakfasts, instead opting for a more American style breakfast at the Red Flame Diner (a few doors down), which turned out to be very affordable, with tasty food and generous portions. We hadn't booked any restaurants, and the concierge were of great help. every question asked and request we made was dealt with efficiently and accurately.Location wise, its between 5th and 6th ave - 2 blocks from Times Square, which is very central indeed. we walked most places, and caught the subway to Macy's and other shopping areas like Prince St and even Century 21. (line R) we caught cabs to various restaurants around Manhattan and on average spent between $10 and $15 each way.Our 5am checkout took all of 2 minutes, so overall a very happy stay at the Sofitel Hotel . We will definitely be back next time we go to New York.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>E_Hemingway
<Content>Location, Location, Location Located between Times Square and 5th Avenue and only 15 minute walk to Central Park. Only a couple of blocks from 42nd street and Broadway. This is the place to be.The hotel itself is perfect and deserves its high ranking. Anyone who gives it a poor review has probably simply had bad luck. The rooms are massive - and we only had the Queen room. The TV is the best I have seen in a hotel. and has a massive choice of free TV which is good when waiting for the mrs to get ready. The bathroom is massive and has separate bath and shower. The photos speak for themselves I guess.The mini bar is one of those cheats that charge you if you take anything out which renders the fridge useless. But the prices are reasonable.The bar and restaurant offer very good service with chatty, helpful staff. I wouldn't normally eat in the hotel when on holidays but this was worth it.I wouldn't stay anywhere else in NY.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>NG-Traveller
<Content>close to theatre district/times sq nice comforatble stay, good service, large gym close to times square and theatre district.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Cali10
<Content>Very good hotel in a great location We booked to stay at the Sofitel between Christmas and the New year purely for a short getaway and to make the most of the excellent shopping in Manhattan. Reading the reviews on Trip Advisor was one the main reasons for booking to stay here and we weren't disappointed.The location is superb, almost everywhere of any significance is within walking distance and you can easily pop back with armfuls of bags to drop them off with no inconvenience.The rooms are very comfortable and clean and every effort is made to make sure things are to your liking - the staff will do all they can to make sure that you are happy. Every single member of staff we encountered was happy to go above and beyond to accomadate any requests we had. The staff here were the among the best I have encountered in recent years of travelling.I would never normally return to a hotel as I would want to experience new places etc etc but when we go back to NYC next year we will definately book here again. Dont miss out on the diner just up the street for breakfast to make a great start to any day!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ANIKE
<Content>Good downtown location Very comfortable hotel brilliantly situated in downtown and within walking distance of most NY attractions. The standard room (queen bed) was very comfortable, the bed and bedding in particular, but lacked tea/coffee making - typical of USA. Room service was not cheap and had to complain about quality of coffee served in room. However hotel good enough to remove service charge for that order. At the moment there is building work on a neighbouring site with drilling to foundations that can be heard throughout hotel from 7.30am to 6pm week days (can't blame hotel for this). Helped us get out and about earlier so saw more, but check with them first if you want to lay-in during your stay.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>BigT71
<Content>Dissapointment and unfulfilled expectations Wow, where to start? I must say that i found this hotel lacking in every aspect except for the concierge who were fantastic. We booked a prepaid room with a supposed special rate for a preferred room, when we checked in we spent 15 minutes listening to the staff discuss all the rooms they couldn't give us for whatever reason. We were eventually given a room and went on up. The carpets were stained, there were crumbs on the bedside table, the window looked out on to a brick wall......this is a preferred room????? I called down and complained and they miraculously found us a room on the 22nd floor, it did seem smaller and more cramped and as it turned out it was. They moved us again the next day to a more comfortable room.What was so bad? The over all housekeeping i found to be poor, the general areas were not well cleaned, dust everywhere, dirty water in the flower pots etc.. the bedroom was very poorly serviced, i noticed before leaving for the day that there was an item on the floor in the bathroom as well as a piece of paper by the bed on the floor (scrap). The room was cleaned and neither item were even moved, quite how they managed to clean the bathroom and make the bed without even disturbing these items i have no idea! We waited 2 hours and had to make 4 calls to get extra pillows. The bell boy told us to call downstairs to get some complimentary drinking water as none was in the room. Next thing, room service arrive with a bottle of water and a $15 check........i sent them away. Next thing someone lets themselve into the room without checking anyone was there and proceeded to check the mini bar, they left 2 complimentary bottles of water on the floor in the hallway.On one of the mornings we decided to go out and grab some breakfast and then come back to the room and prepare for the day ahead thus i put the do not disturb sign on the door as we left. I can only assume housekeeping noticed this as by the time we returned they had made up the room, this was exactly what i wanted to avoid. I confronted the housekeeper and her response was there was no sign on the door as if there was she couldn't go in, she claimed it was in the room on the floor. I am 100% certain this was not the case.The worst thing about all this was that after several complaints from a guest you would think management would talk to you about it and try to rectify things, not a word. Anyway, my only regret was not staying at the Giraffe Hotel which we stayed at earlier and which was wonderful.I wouldn't be misled by the name and expect quality as in the words of the reception, we are only a 3 star diamond hotelPerhaps i was just expecting too much  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>Kevin1958
<Content>As good as the reveiws suggest Our first trip to NYC, and we booked the Sofitel based largely on the basis of the reviews we have read on TA.And we were not disappointed. The Hotel is very well positioned and from the moment we arrived we were made to feel welcome by friendly and efficient staff. No delays at reception or indeed at any other time during our 4 night stay. Although this is a large Hotel it doesn't not feel like it. The reception, lobby and bar areas have a comfortable and intimate feel.We would struggle to find anything to criticise. The rooms are large, comfortable and well equipped. The beds were very comfortable with a choice of pillows. Bathroom was spacious and spotlessly clean. Room service was of course pricey but again the service was freindly and efficient. The bar/dining area is a pleasant area to relax in after a hard day's sightseeing, although we did not eat in the Hotel. There is free internet access in the Hotel Lobby, including free printing if you need it. And how about this? On our last day we booked a Town car to take us to the Airport. We would recommned this as the yellow cabs are of variable quality, as are the drivers - just like most other big cities. Our luggage was loaded but the boot (or trunk) would not close properly. The Bell staff and Concierge were immediately on the scene, got us straght into another town car, apologised, and said that would be refunding the cost of the car. We thanked them and said that really wasn't necessary. But they did refund our credit card immediately. Well Done Sofitel - were looking foward to our next visit. Our own recoomdations (and you will never be short of these in New York!):1. Rainbow Room for dinner (or drinks) in the Rockefeller Centre for the best views in Manhatten. Book early2. Morton's Steak house for casual dining in the bar (with light bitesfor Brits/Europeans who aren't used to such large portions)3. Good light lunches/snacks when shopping in Bloomingdales (ground Floor)4. Carmines Italian restaurants for the atmosphere, but not for the food. 5. Tavern on the Green in Central Park for somewhere a bit different. Bit of a Toursit trap, but quirky. All in all a great trip based in a very good Hotel.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kittylala
<Content>Fab! My husband and I have just returned from the Sofitel and had an excellent stay. Its in an excellent location - we walked to so many places - the rockerfeller cente, Times Square, Fifth Ave, Central Park. However it is also close to other transport links - subways/ bus stops etc. The room was fab - the bed being the most comfy i have slept in ( besides my own)! I note someone complained it was too soft - why not ask for the matress topper to be removed then?! Bathroom was clean and also quite big - we had a big walk in power shower. If I had one criticism ( very minor one though) of the Sofitel, it was that there were no tea or coffee making facilities in the room.All in all we had an excellent stay and I would not hesitate to return there in the future!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Danzi
<Content>Wonderful My husband and I stayed at the Sofitel in October as part of our Honeymoon. We had booked it after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor and weren't disappointed. We advised the hotel beforehand that we were visiting on Honeymoon and were surprised when we got there that they had upgraded our room from a standard queen room to a suite on the 28th floor. It was perfect!! They also had left us a bottle of champagne and a letter saying that if we needed anything we only had to ask. The staff were all perfectly helpful and friendly and couldn't do enough for us. The Concierge staff were excellent and helped us get reservations last minute to see the Lion King and also dinner reservations for The View restaurant.The hotel was beautiful and the room that we had was wonderful, with views to the Empire State Building and Chrysler on one side and on the other side of the room there were views of the Rockerfella Centre.The location of this hotel was excellent, only a few minutes walk to Times Square and Broadway and virtually on the doorstep of 5th Av....perfect for shopaholics like me!We had no complaints about noise of any sort from building work or street noise, and we slept perfectly on the most comfortable beds ever! Some people that have written reviews on this hotel obviously are those kind who always have something to complain about instead of enjoying their holiday.All in all our stay at the Sofitel was the best and made our honeymoon memorable and wonderful....I can't say enough and would love to return one day when we visit New York again.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Panda86
<Content>Favourite place in the world My fiance and I stayed here for Valentine's. We both loved our stay - not just because it was where we got engaged!New York is a fantastic city, and somewhere I could visit time and time again. This hotel is in a perfect location, so close to Times Square. We could see the Chrysler building from our room, and had fantastic roof-top views of the City.The desk were very helpful and we made good use of the free internet in the lobby to hunt down restaurants to try and to plan days out.We can recommend Maxies and Dallas BBQ for great value meals (we failed to finish a meal in either of them they were so big!). The TV and movie tour is worth doing but the diner it runs from (Ellen's Stardust) could be given a miss. It was fun to experience the american diner theme and singing staff but it was the most expensive meal we had and the least impressive.We began each day having breakfast in The Red Flame on our way to Times Square for the subway.It's worth going to the ticket stand in Times Square on the day of a show, we went two nights and got them for around 50% off.You'll find it hard to not love this city!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Charlie28
<Content>Disappointed Maybe my expectations were too high. But, for me, the most important features of a NYC hotel are location, noise, view, bed, and shower. The Sofitel has a great location and is extremely quiet. But, completely falls down on the other keys. The bed was too soft. Both my wife and I were anxious to leave after four nights of waking up with stiff backs. And the shower --- I'm still rinsing off soap that the shower's trickle failed to remove. And the hotel lost all cold water one night -- none. No water in the sink, shower or toilet. While we didn't book a premium room -- for the price ($619) I expected at least a street view. Other features were as expected, excellent service, staff, cleanliness, decor, and amenitiesI'd rate the Westin or the London much higher.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>jvtrav
<Content>Great Hotel in NYC As background, we went with our two kids, 9  11 years old for a quick family get away. The good: Every employee was helpful, cordial and treated us in a personalized way (in NYC!!!- weird). The concierges (Vladimir and Rene) and the front desk staff (Vivian and Melissa) went out of their way to make sure that we were well taken care of. The suite (it was an executive suite) had updated furnishings with flat panel TV's and a very clean, updated bathroom. The location is very central within walking distance of Radio City, 5th avenue shopping, Broadway theatres. The not so good: The closet space was very limited... although there were plenty of drawers. The room, despite being a suite, seemed cramped- I guess ok size by NYC standards. Maybe fine for two people but it felt a little small for us with our kids. If you are traveling with kids, perhaps better to get connecting rooms. Overall, this hotel is a little gem. Don't tell too many people- I want to go back, get connecting rooms and enjoy home-style service in NYC!!!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>toddsandiego
<Content>Great Stay, Great Location Recently stayed for a week at the Sofitel New York. Its a great location - very central. Its near several subway stops and many sites. You can walk to many places, like Broadway, Rockerfeller Center, the Empire State Building, Grand Central Station, Times Square, the library, etc. The hotel was very nice and very clean. All the staff was very helpful and very nice. Room was well appointed, including a nice large flight screen TV with some HD channels. You do have to pay for wireless internet access, which is a negative.I can't recommend the hotel restaurant, the Gaby. Only ate there once, and the service was slow and the food just okay at best.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jmuemos
<Content>Loved the Sofitel! My girlfriend and I stayed at the Sofitel for one night the first Sunday in December for a shopping and sightseeing trip. We loved this hotel. The lobby is beautiful and was very nicely decorated for Christmas. Check-in was a breeze and the front desk staff very polite. The room was very nicely appointed - very clean, well decorated, and the softest bed! It was so comfortable to sleep in after walking all over the city. The bathroom was also really nice - marble with a separate, huge shower and tub. Nice amenities and bathrobes too. The best part of the hotel though was it's great location. You are really only steps away from Times Square, shopping on 5th Avenue, and Central Park is just a few minutes away as well. The room was a bit pricey (and we booked the early, non-refundable rate) but it was definitely worth it. I'd stay there again!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>GabySt_Michaels
<Content>Excellent Hotel The Sofitel New York is a lovely hotel. Very clean and comfortable, the hotel is a quiet and refined retreat in the middle of the chaos surrounding it. My stay was just prior to Christmas and the city was packed! We especially enjoyed the sound-proofing and the clean, comfortable beds. Our room was on the 24th floor with a view of the Empire State Building. The room was small but typical of NYC.Service is good but never intrusive. The restaurants recommended by the concierge were the only disappointment . They were very average with less than delicious food. We needed to eat in the area as we were going to the theater throughout our stay.. The concierge service was very good otherwise. Staff was friendly and helpful.I do recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wahine010London
<Content>as good as promised booked the sofitel because of excellent reviews in preference to BA recommendations or 'boutique' options.i was travelling with my 14 year old daughter and wanted to make her 4 days in NY memorable with no nasty surprises. we had a great time - shopped, saw hairspray, shopped, froze, shopped and always looked foward to comming back to the hotel and flopping onto our beds - fantastic!the concierge staff were brilliant - seemed to know everything. Vladimer speaks 4 languages and uses them all! he gave us good recommendations for food and electrical shopping.breakfasts in Gaby's excellent and nice decor.a bonus was the free internet access in the lobby. great for my daughter to facebook friends and for me to check in for homeward flight.overall - fab midtown hoteltop tips - ask for a late check out town car to newark organised by bell - great value  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>kirawira
<Content>superb stayed in sofitel for 4 days at start of dec. from the moment we arrived until we left they could not have been more helpful. I was travelling with my elderly mother for a pre christmas trip to new york. and they were so kind and accomodating of her needs they could not have done more. 5 stars !!  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kecoco
<Content>Loved the New York Sofitel I had not been to New York since 2002 so I did a lot of research for the right hotel. Considerations were price, location and amenities. Located between 5th and 6th Avenue on West 44th this hotel has a great location with easy access to all of Manhattan. I had booked a suite and requested a high floor. The suite was on the 29th floor which is the top floor so my request was granted. The suite had a nice sized living room with pocket doors opening into the large bedroom. The bed and bedding were excellent. The bathroom was one of the best laid out I have seen in New York - great lighting, plenty of counter space and a deep soaking tub and separate walk-in shower. The only room service used was an order of coffee each morning that came within 10 minutes of placing the order. The most important feature of this hotel and all hotels is staff, cleanliness, working ac/heat and the quietness of the room. This hotel gets an A+.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jane024
<Content>Excellent We stayed at the Sofitel after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor, it is an excellent hotel in every way location is excellent, staff cant help you enough, rooms are beatifull and the beds are soo comfortable.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bluewater81
<Content>Throughly mediocre I travel a great deal for my work, and as a consequence have stayed in a large number of hotels worldwide, including the Sofitel in Bangkok, Hanoi ( the Metropole) and Paris (Dokhan's). The Sofitel New York was in every respect a clear underperformer in both absolute and comparative terms, from what is, normally quite a dependable chain. The room was okay (just), but it didn't require close inspection to see that it was grubby (heavily stained curtains for example), an ugly emply raw plug left in the wall, a flat screen TV thoughtlessly dumped on the desk, and little attention to detail or style overall. The corridors were frequently littered with the aftermath of room service dinners and there were disturbing building works going on from early in the morning, (a fact the hotel didn't seem to see the need to trouble me with when making the reservation), and which the front desk seemed to regard as par for the course. All this may just about be okay if if you are paying for a three star, but this holds itself out as a stylish top of the range choice, and it's simply not up to the mark. It has a reasonable bar, and in fairness the bed was comfortable. Its principal redeeming feature, however, is its location in midtown, but the hotel itself is second rate. Avoid.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	3	2	

<Author>Steve_Med
<Content>Great Stay Stayed at the Sofitel from November 28 through to December 2 and again for one nite on December 4.Thoroughly enjoyed the stay. The room ands service was excellent, quite large by NY standards. Didn't use the restaurant but my wife and I did have an enjoyable cafe latte which was the best coffee we had for our entire stay in the US! The Concierge recommended the Brooklyn Diner on 43rd St between 6th  Broadway for breakfast and we weren't disappointed.One incident I would like to highlight, after we had checked out on December 2 my wife realised she couldn't find a scarf that she had borrowed from a friend. She rang the lost and found at the hotel to report it and they said they would looking into the matter. When we checked back in for our stay on the following Tuesday nite we were told the house maid had found the scarf and it was delivered up to our room.Although pricey for the time of the year we were there I would strongly recommend the hotel. Quite liked the European ambience about the hotel as compared to a lot of the other places we stayed at.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>jlnancy
<Content>Just a great place to stay! This hotel is perfect. Staff is great, the location is excellent and most of all, you can enjoy the New York鈥檚 exciting life and find a peaceful retreat as soon as you enter your hotel. Speaking of quiet environment, one of the ONLY hotels in Manhattan with soundproof rooms!!!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>pttDevonUK
<Content>Give me peace Having read the reviews on Tripadvisor we looked forward to a great end to our USA holiday,having spent the previous three weeks in Florida. What a miserable time we had at the Sofitel.On arrival the front desk informed us building work was being carried out nearby and there would be a small amount of sound transfer to some of the rooms.Well they must live in a different world to me as the noise was horrendous.Complaining the following day we were moved to what they called a much quieter room right next to the lift shaft ,they must have been having a joke with us as we had no sleep at all.So again back to the front desk this time I asked for the manager and a young lady confirmed we should have never been given a room that near the lift and told me I could move for the third time to a room she promised would be quiet.This proved to be the case and our visit had no more problems.In conclusion at a cost of 拢1500 I expect better.The hotel were still e-mailing with offers on their other Hotels surely they could have let me know of the distruption we experienced in New York.If you are about to visit New York do not stay here for peace and quiet.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	2	2	2	

<Author>BenW
<Content>Sofitel sooths Stayed here during peak Christmas season. There are many good writeups on here about this hotel. I agree with all the ones that define the hotel as an excellent one. Some pointers:Try to get upgraded to a king room. They are on the higher floor. We did so after one night in a standard room and were not disappointed. Had a nice view of the Chrysler building; close enough to see the gargoyles. As mentioned earlier, the higher you are in this hotel, the better. The staff here is very friendly and goes out of their way to make you happy. This statement does not apply to the inept servers at the hotel bar however. Go elsewhere for libations. Regarding the glowing writeups of the 'Red Flame Diner', I just don't get it. The place is o.k. for breakfast and they are certainly fast with delivery, but it is nothing special. A more interesting choice for breakfast and fast is 'Dishes'. Great quality food, even if the atmosphere is 'cafeteria-ish'; two blocks away. Ask the concierge. We ate at DB bistro (two doors down from hotel) and were sorely disappointed, especially after having eaten at the flagship Daniel two nights before. Of course it is much cheaper, but you can do much better for the money. For those from out of town, NYC water is terrific. It comes from upstate New York and does not have to be treated. Drink it from the taps, you are wasting money otherwise. Yes, it was expensive at $500 a night with tax, but my friends stayed at the Roosevelt for $300 and hated it. This hotel is so worth it. Planning to return in early summer; tres bon.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FatBoySteve
<Content>Not as Good as Sofitel London I love the Sofitel in London, and so with a vist to New York up and coming, I thought I would try the New York Sofitel.I booked directly with the hotel, telling them that I would be there before there usual 3pm check in - no problem I was told. As you can guess there was, and due to delays arived at 2:30, only to be told I needed to wait. A swift dicussion with the duty manager sorted things out, but not a great way to start the stay. I had also been promised breakfast, but when I came to check out, this has also been forgotten. Not a great customer focused hotel. The rooms are good, we had an exec suite, which is a corner room with windows on two sides, not the same level of comforts as London ie you have to pay for room service tea/coffee. At over $500 per night I expect to be able to make myself a cup of tea rather than pay an additional $20 + tip !!All in all an OK hotel, good location, near Times Square, but not up to the high standards Sofitel usually set.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	4	4	4	2	3	4	

<Author>holstrav
<Content>Wonderful Hotel       Bedroom, very sumptious  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ptibbs
<Content>Nice hotel This hotel is nicely lcoated for Times Square. It has all the facilities you expect of a medium sized city centre hotel; although I found concierge service to be a little less useful than I had hoped.Bar is nice and intimate, food is good and rooms are very nice.Definitely reccomended.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>gareththeranger
<Content>Great hotel, great location... We visited NYC as our honeymoon and booked the Sofitel on the basis of TripAdvisor reviews.The location of the hotel is absolutely ideal for mid-town Manhatten. For example, Times Square is 3mins walk away, subway stations the same and the Empire State Building is 5mins walk away. The hotel is smack bang next to 5th Avenue for all you shoppers out there!The hotel itself is beautifully decorated. It's style is French art-deco and this is reflected in the lobby and throughout. All areas of the hotel are spotlessly clean and well-maintained by staff.The concierge and reception desk are especially helpful and the free internet access in reception is also very useful. We checked in late on a Saturday night and the receptionist was incredibly friendly and polite. I had put a request in for a 'high' room for our honeymoon and the hotel obliged and even left us a lovely bottle of champagne in an ice bucket up there! A nice touch!Rooms are immaculate and the beds are really comfortable, plenty of TV channels, mini bar, chaise longe etc and the bathrooms are nicely decorated, well-maintained and spacious. The 'turn down' service, where the staff come in at night and prepare your bed ready for you made me smile each night!We enjoyed a wonderful stay at the Sofitel NYC. I can't comment on the food at the hotel, as we ate out for every single meal, but I would highly recommend this hotel for any type of visitor to NYC  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>louScotland
<Content>Great stay We had a great 4 night stay in the Sofitel last week. The location is perfect - about as central as you can be with a 5 minutes walk to Times Square in one direction and the Rockefeller Centre in the other. Would definitely stay here again for the location alone. However there are many more things going for this hotel. We found all the staff polite and friendly, and the concierge was well informed and very helpful. The rooms were reasonably sized and spotlessly clean and the bathroom was BEAUTIFUL! The hotel was also very accommodating with my husbands allergy.Thanks for a great break and we would 100% recommend this for anyone.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DINKYorkshire
<Content>Mmmn....Very nice but ............is it me ? I love TripAdvisor, I've not been to New York - When I was booking this place was #1 - What could go wrong?Well nothing really...its just a hotel Yes its a good location, yes they speak french - We were probably in the cheap seats ( floor 9) so the room was ...just a room with a bed, which was ok...a bit soft if anything..in short it was all very nice but nothing special - London price hotel room with same size and same remote service - can t complain but cant rave about it either New York is fantastic though so it kind of doesnt matter A few tips if you've not been before...NY that is - Helicopter rides are ok but the view from the skyscrapers are just as impressive - Talking of big buildings - do not underestimate the queue for Empire state building - Huge - 40 mins at least - View is very big and you've go tto go havent you - but wear comfy shoes and go to the Heartleand brewery bar underneath it to chill out afterwards - Bit touristy but nice people and a decent pint- View from the rockefeller center in my opinion was better because you actually see the empire state building so get a a perspective of just how high up you are - fabulous - if you can do one of them at night and one during the day...really good - We went to Carolines comedy store just off Time square - we fell upon a talent contest type thing that was very good - Good night to relax after a day of sight seeing- Broad way show a must - book early or pay concierge prices - guess what we did ??!! however fabulous seats and a great time was had ( hairspray sunday matinee followed by cocktails what better way to spend an afternoon? )- Buy a Zagats guide for restaurants - Obvious if you know, a real life saver if you dont - As a result of it we ended up in the better class of touristy places reasonably close to the Hotel - Virgils BBQ, and Bardolinas for example both very american and enjoyable - Also went to Les Halles ( Anthony Bourdains spot - Fantastic Friday night ) Red flame diner was ok weak coffee big omelettes and friendly/tip hungry staff, Convenient but nothing special in my opinion - Staten Island ferry is a good thing to do - We did the Gray Line bus tour for 2 days - mixed bag of guides but on the whole a good introduction to manhattan island - Do the Harlem Loop, very interesting .- Wear comfortable shoes, pace yourself on distance but not on the good stuff and please enjoy ...the hotel is just somewhere to sleep  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>traveller59
<Content>Excellent value Very good hotel in excellent location within walking distance to most New York major attractions. Good service and facilities. Very well appointed rooms. Will definitly stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	3	2	

<Author>Julesee
<Content>Pretty good Great room, especially by New York standards. Good gym, great restaurant/cafe. And free internet (top class hotels DO NOT charge for internet in my experience). My only grumble would be there was a bathroom next to my pillow and the neighbour having a bath @ midnight woke me up. Also personally i found the concierge a bit pompous.... but out of the four hotels i stayed in New York this was the best by a long way.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JHB_Hull
<Content>Heaven in Manhattan       Macy Parade  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ShopperUK
<Content>A great stay I booked this hotel after reading the comments on this website. I wanted somewhere really special as this trip, our 4th to NY, was to celebrate my Mother's birthday, we were not disappointed. A speedy and efficient check in, during which we were shown the restaurant and bar. My Mother was also wished a happy birthday, (I had mentioned the reason for our stay when I made the booking). A bottle of sparkling wine was also waiting in our room. A nice touch.Get a sofitel privilege card via their website, this gets you, amongst other things, a free drink and a late checkout (4pm), great if you have an evening flight.The room was great and the beds were so comfortable. We were on the 22nd floor, no city noise and a great view. Towels and bedding were changed daily. A large bathroom with a separate walk in shower. If I had one criticism, it would be there is no tea/coffee making facilities in the room.The hotel is in a great location, near to the shops and sights. Within walking distance of Macy's, Empire State etc. If you want to go to Abercrombie  Fitch, on 5th, go early unless you want to queue!After seeing the comments about the Red Flame we too went there for breakfast. A great start to the day.For my Mother's birthday we booked an evening dinner cruise on the Bateaux New York. This was a great night. Service and food were excellent and some great photo opportunites. Plenty of time between courses to take photos. A great trip and I would definitely stay here agin.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>saralc
<Content>Great location, VERY comfortable bed! We were upgraded from the outset as it was my husband's birthday and they had put champagne in the room which was a nice touch. They then offered to upgrade us to a suite on the 26th floor for only 100$ extra (for 2 nights) and this was great. Lovely room, the most amazing, comfortable bed and decent views.We thought the location was great, so close to Times Square and 5th Avenue, yet not too noisy or crowded. Dont order the pizza for room service though....!!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>AleutSvenska
<Content>A classy way to stay in NYC I've travelled many a time through NYC, but always on business. I finally got the chance to vacation in NYC in 2004 and I couldn't have picked a nicer place to stay :-) The service was excellent and decor smashing! A great central location for my 10-day stay. A very convenient location to great sights and sounds...and food of course! I could easily walk to Broadway and Times Square, or to the Museum Mile and Fifth Avenue shopping. A beautiful hotel with excellent concierge service. I loved th eeinternational flavor there as well.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lilo1929
<Content>Everyone was right! We stayed in the Sofitel between 15th-18th November and cannot recommend it enough. As everyone else says the location is excellent, the beds are very comfy and the room was spotlessly clean. Particular mention to the staff who were very friendly and extremely helpful. Cannot comment on the food but can recommend the Red Flame Diner a few doors down. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Janet176
<Content>Fabulous Hotel! My husband and I stayed at the Sofitel New York from the 17th to 21st November and had a fantastice time.We have used Sofitel several times before in Europe and have never been disappointed so we chose this one based on our own Sofitel experiences and the Tripadvisor reviews.After a rather hairy ride into Manhattan in a NY cab we arrived at the front door. (Make sure you pick up a cab from the official stand at JFK - the drivers have to give you their details so you can make a complaint if you need to, and charge a fixed fare of $45 plus tolls and tip). The concierge was straight out to take our luggage and we headed inside for a very swift check-in by very efficient staff.We had a room on the 24th floor with great views, especially at night. The room was spotless and very well equipped - and it's true what they say about the beds!! Heaven!The hotel is very well situated just a stroll away from Times Square where we picked up the Tour Bus. We bought a 48 hour pass with Gray Line which was excellent. OK - so you get caught up in traffic from time to time but you are in the middle of Manhattan!! The Tour Guides were great fun and had loads of little tips and secrets to tell!From the hotel it's easy to get to 5th Avenue, Central Park, The Rockerfella Centre, Empire State Building, Grand Central ... infact most of central Manhattan!We had breakfast at the Red Flame Diner .... massive portions, more than enough to last the day and ate out locally at night. Ruby's, just along Broadway from Times Square was a great place to eat and had a great selection if you wanted to get away from burger and chips!We had drinks in the hotel bar where the staff were very friendly and efficient, infact every member of staff we met greeted us politely as we passed.The free internet in the lobby was excellent - much easier to email everyone than send a postcard - and checkout was quick and efficient.All in all a great stay in New York. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ryan.W
<Content>Stunned.....not stunning I remain awestruck that this hotel is rated so high by fellow tripadvisor.com travelers. It is surely enough for me to rethink the usefulness of this website; since I made my decision based on the Sofitel's previous #1 ranking here.From start to finish it was one problem after another. I've been so lucky in my past choices that I guess it's time I had a bad experience. Every traveler has his day.Without a doubt the entire visit was marred by the arrival. The doorman stood and talked to a young lady (not a guest) on the street while I unloaded my own luggage, went inside for a bellman's cart and completed the entire process. He was oblivious to my entire existence. When I informed him of my displeasure he then chastised ME. What?Other less than satisfactory areas: room design, room service and restaurant appearence and service. With so many good hotels in New York I would suggest considering other options.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	5	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>OCCouple2004
<Content>Fabulous Stay at the Sofitel! My fiance and I stayed at the Sofitel for one week. What a great hotel! The location is perfect. Its about 2 blocks from Times Square and 7 blocks to Central Park. Check in was a breeze, they were able to change our room to a higher floor. The Bed in the room is amazing. There is a restaurant and bar at the hotel, although we didnt vist the restaurant, the bar was great. There was always available seating- and the service was excellent. Another fabulous part of this hotel is the concierge service. Everytime we had a question, if we needed reservations made- they were always there are willing to help. There is a restaurant about 3 doors down; Kellari- highly reccomended!!! Stay at the Sofitel, you wont be disapointed!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gerardkelly
<Content>The Perfect Hotel for your visit to New York!! My wife and I returned to the Sofitel for a second time this year and again we were not disappointed. This is a beautiful hotel. The lobby is spacious and very tastefully decorated.The staff are helpful and very friendly. Our room was on the 11th floor and was clean, comfortable and spacious. The marble bathroom is quite large with a walk in shower. The best part however is the bed, it is so comfortable!The hotel is well located on 44th street between 5th and 6th avenues. It's only a 2 min walk to the shops on 5th. (if you're planning to go to Abercrombie and Fitch go early..we had to queue to get in). The hotel is a perfect base for all your shopping/sight seeing needs. You can walk to Times Square, Broadway, Madison Square Garden and Port Authority (to get the bus to Woodbury Common or Jersey Gardens). Make sure to visit the Top of the Rock at the Rockefeller Centre (5 -10 mins walk). The view at night is absolutely spectacular. A visit is a must.We ate breakfast at the hotel on our last morning. It is not cheap but the quality is excellent. Try the blueberry pancakes. For the other mornings we ate at The Red Flame diner on 44th. (Turn right as you leave the hotel, the diner is on the right).Overall this is a top class hotel and I would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CheltenhamLady
<Content>Loved the Sofitel We booked the sofitel after reading all the great reviews on this site. We weren't disappointed. This was my 5th trip to NYC, and this was the best hotel I have stayed in, in the city. Even better than the Plaza. The staff were so friendly, the room was a good size (we had a deluxe king) nice shower and the beds were to die for. It is expensive, but then anywhere you stay in New York is. The location was perfect, we could walk almost anywhere. I can also reccomend the red flame diner, the waffles and coffee there are just what you need for a long day in the city. Also the DB Bistro Moderne which we booked for dinner was excellent. We booked it and then realised that it was only 3 doors down from the hotel. Out of the hotel and turn right. Highly reccomend it. Stay here, you will you have a great time!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Carollaine
<Content>Second visit just as good as the first! We have just returned from our third visit to New York City and our second visit to Sofitel. I booked it again, hoping against hope that it would still be as good as when we visited in November 2005. It was.Just how they manage to find that calibre of staff I don't know. Without exception they were friendly, helpful, approachable and highly professional in all areas of the hotel.Our check-in was promptly dealt with - one of the Reception Staff took the time and trouble to go up to our room whilst we were checking-in in order to ensure that it was ready for us. As I hold a Sofitel Privilege Card I was able to arrange a late check-out and we were given two vouchers for a glass of champagne or drink of our choice. It is worth applying for a card if you are going to need to check out late - and it gives you ''points' as well!During our first evening we noticed that there was a problem with the plug in our bath (it would not stay upright to allow the water out) and a slightly loose wall lamp fitting. We also found that one of the 'card keys' would not work in our door. I reported it when we went down to breakfast - I was immediately given a replacement 'key' and, by the time we had returned from breakfast, the other small problems had been remedied too.The beds are 'clouds' of comfort - in New York you need comfortable beds after walking all day! They have feather mattresses toppers, and beautiful duvets and pillows. The bedlinen is divine!!Breakfast in the hotel is a 'must'. Yes, the Red Flame Diner along the road is an experience, and is a good and cheap place to eat, but the attention one receives in the Restaurant is insurmountable. One word in the ear of the UK visitors - unfortunately even Sofitel have not yet managed to crack the taste of the Brits for a decent cup of tea!! However, once they had got to grips with the fact that each of us needed three teabags per individual teapot to get it somewhere near proper strength, we never had to ask again - word had got round and, despite the variety of waiting staff we had, three teabags always materialised!Checkout was straightforward - I had already checked my account online on the TV in the room - no inaccuracies at all.Last time we stayed the concierge advised me to book a limo back to JFK. In case it's your first time, you should know that there is a flat rate for yellow cabs from airport to central New York but to do the same journey back would be on a meter. In consequence, and particularly if you are travelling at rush hour as we did, it can turn out to be an enormously expensive business.In consequence we did the same thing this time and asked the concierge to book a limo. This was charged at $124 and could be put on our bill, which we did so that we didn't have to worry about keeping cash available for the journey back. This sounds a lot, but, believe me, it was worth every dime! It covers absolutely everything - tolls, tip, the lot. As it happened New York was gridlocked that evening (just before Thanksgiving) - we moved two blocks in 30 minutes getting out of the City! Our driver was superb - found less congested roads where he could and got us there in time for our flight. We had been advised to order the limo for 4.00 pm for the 7.00 pm flight - fortunately I asked for a 3.30 pm pickup for safety and we finally made JFK at 5.10 pmten minutes late for official check-in! Be warned!! You need to allow plenty of time and I doubt very much whether we would have made it in a yellow cab, and certainly it would have been very costly indeed.Despite what I had been told, clearance both in and out of JFK are very smooth and comparatively quick - certainly quicker and less chaotic than Heathrow.Oh yes - The Rockeleller Centre now has its Observation Gallery open - The Rock at the Top - it is well worth a visit - you can book online or there are booths at the foot of the Centre. It's a wonderful view from there - it IS open-air - we rather assumed it would be enclosed - so wrap up warmly. The elevator is an experience in itself but not for the faint-hearted!Another word of advice - for those who don't know - if you go to the Visitors' Centre in both Macys and Bloomingdales (just off the ground floor of each store) and show your passport they will issue you with a Visitors' Card which gives you 11% discount on everything you purchase in Macys and most things in Bloomingdales. It's well worth it! And also, on the shopping front, be sure to go the Central 21 which is immediately opposite Ground Zero - it has fantastic bargains if you can steel yourself for the nightmare crowds and lack of customer service!It was a wonderful trip - do try Sofitel - it hasn't been top of Trip Advisor's list of recommended NY hotels for nothing - it deserves every recommendation it is given.Enjoy!!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rakawa
<Content>Great Location, good service This is the second time we've stayed at this Sofitel. We love the location, but hate how Sofitels don't provide top sheets on their beds. One can easily walk all over the City from this location. While the hotel has what appears to be an acceptable, but somewhat expensive restaurant, a few doors down there is a diner that is great for breakfast. You can't beat this location. Its central, but not in the center of the crowds and craziness.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>MB600
<Content>Great Location, Nice Room! My wife and I just returned from a 4-day trip to NYC. We chose the Sofitel based on TripAdivsor's customer reviews and my previous experience with Sofitel Hotel in France. This hotel is in a perfect location to walk to Madison Ave and 5th Ave shopping, Times Square, Grand Central, MET, MMA and many excellent restaurants. The room was very big for Manhattan and had a modern European feel. Although the rates were fairly expensive, hey, it's New York! Overall, we would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Sherrill25
<Content>Everything you ever wanted in a Hotel We came to NYC for a wedding at the Waldorf, and descided to extend our trip by four more days to include our 30th wedding anniversary. We had heard that the Softiel was a beautiful Hotel, but that was a understatement. From the moment you walk into the lobby the air is warm/chic. The rooms are decorated tastefully with all the amenities of a fine hotel and the beds are to die for!! When they heard that it was our anniversary, a bottle of champagne was delivered to our room. Each staff member we encountered was very professional and courteous. The hotel is very centrally located to 5th avenue, Times Square, and the Theatre district. We will definitely return the next time we descide to visit NYC  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>djeanne
<Content>Sensational Sofitel! My husband and I went with another couple to NYC this past weekend and stayed at Sofitel. It is an absolutely beautiful hotel from the exterior to the interior lobby, bar, and rooms. As soon as we walked in, we were welcomed very warmly, and the check-in was first rate. I had emailed the hotel to let them know that is would be the other couple's first visit to New York, and our friends received a free upgrade to a suite, and we received a complimentary bottle of champagne. Our room on the 21st floor had views of both the Empire State Building and the Chrysler building. This is a first class hotel all the way. Service is the BEST, and so is the central location. We will definitely stay at the Sofitel on our next visit to New York.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Swansealady
<Content>Stunning This hotel was superb. On arrival reception staff were very friendly and upgraded us to a king size room as it was our birthdays. The room was lovey, clean, and the bed amazingly comfortable. Bathroom large and clean- separate bath and shower. They brought us water and a box of chocolates every evening for free as well!We also had a free bottle of sparkling wine waiting for us in our room:)The concierge booked our reservations for our evening meals at whatever restaurant we wanted and also phoned to confirm our shuttle bus arrangements to the airport. We didnt have to pay for the use of our room phone to do this. The staff at this hotel couldnt have done more- so helpful and friendly.There is free internet access downstairs in the lobby which is great. May have to wait 5-10 mins if computers are full but this was an added bonus to our trip. We got engaged so could share our photos and write emails to friends and family without it costing.Location is brilliant, 5 mins Times Square and subway. easy access to Macys. Grand Central and accessing subway to travel. Minutes away from Bryant Park which is great to grab a coffee and sit in the sun watching the ice skating.I recommend tavern on the green restaurant for an excellent (pricey) meal. Stunning location in central park. Use the subway as much as posible, it leaves you with more time to do things and it is so easy. The red flame diner is good for a cheap american breakfast though if you go after 9 on a weekend expect to wait 10 mins for a seat. It is always busy in there.I would recommend this hotel time and time again and if I return to NY will stay there again myself without a doubt. Enjoy!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jenna781
<Content>Great location! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Sofitel for a long weekend. It was our first time to New York City and this hotel was very close to alot of things so it was well worth it. We heard the rooms in NYC are very small but the Sofitel's accomodations were very nice. We didn't stay in the hotel much seeing as there were lots of things to see and do in the city. This hotel was very close to central park, shopping, times square, and the empire state building. There are also plenty of restaurants around the hotel. We were able to walk to Broadway where we saw the Lion King and highly recommend it. Also check out NoBu and Mercer Kitchen for dining. They were pricey but excellent. You will need to take a cab to shop in Soho, Tribeca, Meatpacking district ect...but cabs are quick and we felt they were less expensive then getting around Chicago. If you like to go out we thought that Hotel Gansevort, PM and Ten June were great places in the meatpacking district. All in all we thought that the Sofitel was the perfect place and location for our first time in New York. I would definitly recommend this hotel but if we went back again we would probably try one of the many boutique hotels in the city just for a different atmosphere.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JackMcConnell
<Content>Uncomfortable beds+overpriced Stayed in Sofitel in a twin-bedded room for 3 nights. Location is good, but beds way too soft, with no back/lumbar support. Helpful staff are what you would expect in a hotel of this class. Overpriced and resting on its laurels.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>sarnie85
<Content>Brilliant time! Wow! Wow! Wow!This was our first visit to new York and had taken advice from Trip advisor members and thanks to them had a fantastic holiday! The Sofitel was perfect for our trip, excellently placed for getting to everywhere tourists would want to visit.The Sofitel card is a must as even if you only use the late check out it is worth it. We were celebrating our 25th Wedding Anniversary and our room was upgraded and we had Champagne and Chocolates as a suprise!The room was a good size, spotlessly clean, views of the Chrysler building, room turned down each evening with chocolates on the bed.We had not realised it was the New York marathon during our stay which made the hotel very busy, but nothing was too much trouble for any of the staff. We didn't eat breakfast in the hotel we liked to go to Grand Central Station to eat with the real New Yorkers which was great fun!The Gaby restaurant is expensive but only relative to prices you would expect to pay in a City restaurant of any callibre. The atmosphere and ambience was really nice. We had a taster menu which was three courses and wine( not house)included with each course at $70 and it was excellent.We would certainly go back !! Hopefully soon.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mimramtrout
<Content>Great position Great position.In walking distance of Central Park(15 mins) and Maceys in the other direction(10mins)The hotel is actually in the same street as the Orivis store on 5th avenue.The staff were very courteous and fell over themselves to help with any enquiry.We had a standard room 12th floor.Bathroom was lovely.Room was very clean.TV internet was a waste of time and money.It was so slow it took me back to the early days of dial-up.Free lobby internet(3 PC's) varied between awful and just about ok in terms of speed.Hotel restaurant did a great breakfast,very good quality.The Bar was well run,the martinis huge!The basement gym was beautiful with plenty of facilities.If you want to stay in this part of town I can't imagine you could do much better.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>sooScotland
<Content>Everything was perfect Just returned from a 3 night stay at this beautiful hotel. Everything was perfect from the staff to location to comfort. We were celebratingmy husband's 40th, I applied for a Sofitel priviledge card and received a free upgrade to a king size room on the 18th floor, amazingview of the chrsyler building. We were also given a bottle ofchampagne in our room. What I liked about this hotel everything Yes it is expensive, but it is definately worth paying that bit extra. Book yourself into this hotel and you wouldn't be disappointed.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BelfastCharlie
<Content>enjoyed the sofitel hotel October 2007Just returned home from 4 night stay in NY. fantastic hotel great staff clean rooms plus good size. Also just beside the Algoniquine and very central location. Unfortunately nowhere on site does it say they are next to a building site or that building work is on the same block!!!. The work starts at 7.00 or 7.30 in the morning except at the week-end. So be prepared. Of course you don't actually spend much time in your room but just in case.Very comfortable with diner close by. would go back.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>chocnutsundae
<Content>Great hotel and location Arrived in NY on evening of 19th October and stayed for 3 nights. We were on the 6th floor, not a great view but we had peaceful nights of sleep - lovely, comfy beds! The hotel is in a great location to Times Square, Empire State Building, Rockfeller Center, 5th Avenue and Grand Central Station. Took advice from a previous review and applied for a Sofitel privilege card enabling us to check out at 4pm the following day which was great as we got up, had breakfast, did more shopping and came back to room to freshen up before going to airport.Had breakfast at Red Flame diner a couple of doors away as recommended. Very nice breakfast it was too!Would definitely go back and stay again.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>KathyOxfordEngland
<Content>Wonderful Stay We stayed at the Sofitel for 6 nights with our three children aged 14, 13 and 4. We had two rooms; a junior suite and a room next door with a shared private hallway. We got all this booked easily over the phone, the staff were very helpful in accommodating us. What a surprise we got when we pulled back the curtains - we arrived in the dark and were blown away by the view of the Chrysler Building. The rooms were large, clean, well equipped and luxurious with fresh orchids. The staff were efficient and friendly, the hotel location is excellent. The breakfast was pricey, thats not unusual. We tried it once then hot footed it to the Red Flame which is practically next door. We also tried the Hard Rock's breakfast buffet (not recommended) and Europa Cafe (ok). I cant emphasise enough how great all the staff were, we had an excellent stay. And the beds are WONDERFUL!!!! Had great sleeps, felt like I was floating.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jessica98
<Content>wonderfull stay Wonderfull stay, excellent service and friendly staff.Very clean and nice rooms. Good restaurant. Will go back again!Also the location of the hotel, just off busy Times Square and close to Central Station, is good.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aorrdalca
<Content>Understated excellence Considering the prices, one might have expected opulence, which is not what we, at least, experienced. However, the room was bright and modern and quiet and exceptionally clean. It's the details that make this place stand out, particularly on the customer care side: the promptest room service I've yet found, an untiring concierge. Given the ideal location and the generally high price of rooms in NYC, we feel we received good value. One small caveat: when a room costs several hundred dollars, why can't internet access be included? I recognize that the Sofitel is not the only premium property extracting some additional revenue in this manner, but it seems increasingly anachronistic and exploitative.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Tyma
<Content>OK Really nice and quiet room and friendly staff, both in reception and the restaurant. However several hassles - for example the time it takes to subscribe to the outside internet service provider and the truly revolting coffee served by room service- makes the high prices seem particularly poor value. I will not stay there again given the other hotels in the immediate vicinity such as The Library and the Royalton which I think give a better experience and more reasonable prices.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>KerryBethel
<Content>First Class Comfort Our stay for 10 nights was as near to perfect as you will realistically get. We had a suite which was attractively furnished, a bed that was sublime, a decent sized bathroom with separate shower, settee and armchairs designed for comfort not minimalism and soundproofing that most other New York Hotels only dream about but cannot offer.Add to this the friendliest and most helpful staff that we have ever experienced in 45 years of hotel visiting, a superb midtown position, good restaurant and there you have it........ssh but don't tell others as we do not want to find it completely booked for our next visit to NYC in a few months time.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>turleyg
<Content>Great 2 days We stayed here for 2 days on the way back to Ireland from Argentina , and had a throughly great stay. It was our honeymoon and the hotel gave us complimentary champagne which was a lovely touch. One great thing was the helpful people at the Concierge desk who advised us of the nightlife and restaurants of the beaten track. Didnt sample the breakfast. Location is great just off 5th avenue, so can have no complaints!!!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NCMom2Kidz
<Content>They go the extra mile! My visit to NY was split between stays at the NY Hilton (Ave of the Americas) and the Sofitel, partly because I attended a conference being held at the Hilton. Let's just say, I was EXTREMELY pleased to move from the Hilton to this wonderful hotel. My room was small, but was clinically clean. After returning home, I realized I left five business suits hanging in the closet in my hotel room. Thanks to Linda in Housekeeping -- my clothes were returned to me the next business day. I was sure the clothes were all but lost, but the awesome staff truly went the extra mile!! Forget the Hilton. On my next stay--conference or not--I'm at the Sofitel!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>worstnightmare
<Content>Fab find in new york city I stayed in this hotel for two nights with my boyfriend the last weekend in september. The location was perfect, just a few minutes walk from times square and close to everything you need but far enough away that you can go inside to silence and get a good night's sleep. The bed was exactly as described by a previous reviewer, a giant marshmallow. The staff were very efficient and very polite. Didn't eat in the hotel but the red flame diner next door has great food to set you up for a day in the madness of new york city. The concierge helped us book a trip to harlem to see the gospel choir with minimum fuss. Overall a really great find. Worked out pricey enough but certainly you get what you pay for at the sofitel  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RHimelfarb
<Content>Wonderful Hotel!!! My Husband and I took our 2 children (ages 13 and 10) to New York to celebrate our daughter's 13th birthday. We also brought along the grandparents to help celebrate with us. We booked 3 king suites for a 4 night stay (Thursday thru Monday). Our rooms were on the 29th floor which is the top floor of the hotel. There were only 10 suites on the entire floor. Each suite had a slightly different layout. We had a king sized bed in the bedroom with a pull out couch in the living room. There was a tv in the bedroom and the living room. The decor was very fresh and the room was very clean. We had maid service twice daily. There were fresh orchids in the room as well as cold bottled evian water and chocolates left each night. We decided to include the breakfast in our room package. This turned out to be a good choice as the breakfast was delicious. We made an 8:45am reservation at Gaby's for the duration of our stay. We were served freshly squeezed orange or grapefruit juice, coffee/tea and a choice of entree. The food was freshly prepared and always hot. My kids enjoyed the french toast and the nutella pancakes. We required extra bedding for the pullout coaches and it was delivered within 15 minutes. The bathrobes and slippers were a nice touch. The concierge was extremely helpful with suggesting dining options. Rene was more than happy to call any restaurant to make a dining reservation. He suggested a great diner (Brooklyn Diner) which was on 43rd and Broadway. Great family restaurant. Overall, I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel. I would absolutely return to Sofitel on my next trip to New York. You can't beat the location. At 44th in between 5th and 6th Ave you are in walking distance to theatre, dining and great shopping! We walked to Canal Street, Central Park, Macy's, Bloomies and Saks 5th Avenue with no problem. Don't forget to grab a green apple on your way out the door!!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>abruls
<Content>Very nice indeed!       Room 1905  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tashabrown
<Content>Fantastic We have stayed at the Sofitel on 2 occasions in 2006 and 2007. On the first occasion we arrived at the hotel to be told we had been upgraded to  a fabulous suite Upon opening the door to our suite on the 24th floor we were amazed! not only was the suite huge but we had an outdoor furnished terrace of around 50 feet by 10 feet overlooking the chrysler building and indeed the new york skyline.Both times we stayed we ate and drank at Gabys which is the hotel restuarant and bar and although more expensive than the surrounding places was excellent - service and food/drinks were worth every cent.Both stays were outstanding and the rooms and service could not be faulted. Also the location is ideal being just off Times Square.We will definately return and highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>richardBoston
<Content>Sofitel is a gem of a hotel What a great experience we had staying for a long weekend 9/27-9/30. Everybody from the doormen to the housekeeping staff made our stay as pleasant as I have experienced in New York City. My wife and I stayed in NYC to celebrate our 27th anniv. I emailed the hotel the morning we were coming, requesting a bottle of wine and some flowers . They had a beautiful arrangement of flowers and wine waitng for us. Bravo to staff of this hotel. If you can't be pleased at this hotel you can't be pleased anywhere. Richard from Boston  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>greig
<Content>Not came across better My girlfriend and I stayed here for 4 nights in november 05 and we don't have one complaint. If you want to stay in a safe location thats a 5 min walk to time square this is the hotel for you. The bed in our room was very comfortable and not just for a hotel! We didn't eat at the restaurant so can't comment on that. The staff where pleasant and could accomodate all our needs. This trip really was the best of our lives, helped by the fact the sofitel was flawless, so we have booked our honeymoon to LA, beverly hills Sofitel.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PamelaPAR
<Content>You all were right!! Everyone was right about the Sofitel in New York. Such service and incredibly wonderful attitudes from the staff. The front desk gentleman actually escorted us to the elevator!! I had received an e-mail from the concierge asking if they could help us with anything, and I decided to take them up on it. She asked me if our trip was a special occasion and I told her it was my birthday. Upon check-in, we were upgraded to a beautiful suite on the top floor. A few hours later, a bottle of champagne was delivered to us! The bartender in their quaint bar made an amazing lemon drop martini and she was cute and sweet. The restaurant reservations they made for us were top drawer. I can't say enough about this hotel. We'll be back.....  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>salgeo
<Content>Sofitel bliss We stayed at the Sofitel for 6 nights commencing 19 September.The room was a superior Twin on the 23rd floor. We had stayed at the Soffitel Bruges a few weeks before in similar room so new what the beds were like.Once in them you do not want to leave The room was very spacious, with two armchairs The bathroom had a bath and separate shower cubicle. Our room looked out on the GE building which made a magnificent backdrop at night We had breakfast on the first morning at the hotel and whilst very nice at $70 thought it a bit pricy.Just down the road towards Times square is the  Red Flame Diner, very good value.I would recommend the romantic river cruise from Chelsea Perth sights are magical.My only gripe is that there was no tea making facility in the room .Missed my early morning brew.We had a great time and will return to the Soffitel  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>leedslen
<Content>An oasis of calm and comfort Together with my wife I have just returned from a four night stay at the Sofitel,New York and cannot praise it highly enough. The hotel is situated a five minute walk from Times Square and within walking distance of all the major attractions.On arrival, the check in staff were polite and friendly.We were upgraded to a king size room free of charge and without requesting one.The room was fantastic.The biggest most comfortable bed we have ever slept in,situated on the ninth floor the room was completely silent,We slept like babies.The room was spacious and well furnished, as was the bathroom,with bath and a seperate large walk in shower.Our room was cleaned each day and a turn down service offered each evening.As with all the staff that we spoke with the chambermaids were very friendly and helpful. The room features a safety deposit box and a box of chocolates and water are left each night.As with all city hotels breakfast and drinks at the bar are expensive but we can highly recomend the Red Flame Diner four doors up from the hotel for a hearty breakfast at a good price and with excellent service.This diner is open 24 hours a day, so is a great place for 5am on your first morning when the jet lag wakes you.We could find no fault at all with the Sofitel and would certainly book it again should we return to New York  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PatioKev
<Content>Great Start to the Honeymoon My wife and I stayed at The Sofitel for 3 nights in August as the 'activity' part of our honeymoon, we booked it soley as a result of its (previous) number 1 position on Trip Advisor. The hotel is super, rooms were great, staff were friendly but the location was just fantastic as we managed to walk most places (Times Square, Macy's, Rockerfeller, Empire State) and it was easy to get the Metro from Times Square for other attractions (Staten Island, Brooklyn Bridge). We ate breakfast every morning at the Red Flame Diner just down the road which was fab.The Hotel provided us with a free bottle of sparkling wine on arrival when we mentioned it was our honeymoon which was a nice touch, the staff really were wonderful.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SarahJane67
<Content>Super Sofitel We stayed at the Sofitel for 4 nights, the room was a non refundable Queen Double on the 9th floor. It was just as the pictures showed, luxurious, immaculately clean and wonderfully quiet. The room was spacious, with a lovely bathroom, bedding and towels replaced daily. (Make sure you take advantage of the turn down service.) The bed was like sleeping on a marshmallow - heaven - just what you need after pounding the streets of Manhattan all day. We would recommend the Red Flame Diner - just a few doors down towards Times Square - the food is good and reasonably priced - we ate there every day for breakfast. Overall the stay was fantastic - the staff polite and the location second to none - just 7 blocks from the Rockerfeller Center and 2 blocks from Times Square, close to Fifth Avenue for shopping.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>YodelsPortsmouth
<Content>Hotel Stay Let Down By Sloppy Mistake As a surprise start to our stay at the Sofitel New York my father had arranged with the hotel for a bottle of champagne (paid for by him) to be in our room on arrival. The champagne, in an ice bucket with glasses, was in the room but the housekeeping staff had forgotten to leave the note he had requested explaining who it was from. So, suspecting that the champagne was not complimentary and with no idea to the contrary, we left it unopened where we found it and there it stayed for the week of our stay and that was how it was left on our departure. Bizarrely, although housekeeping were (obviously) in our room on a regular basis, no one thought to enquire why we hadn't enjoyed our bottle of champagne. Confirming our thoughts, of course, that it wasn't complimentary. You can imagine our disappointment on our arrival back in the UK to discover we could have enjoyed that bottle of champagne - at any time during our stay! On phoning the hotel, guest relations apologised (as one might hope) and said they would refund my father the cost of the bottle of champagne - the least they could do! However, that could not change the fact that we'd missed out on what would have been a lovely start to our holiday. Also, on check in at the hotel, I was told my credit card would be charged $700 at that time for those additional services (mini-bar, telephone calls etc) that we might use during our stay. I said I did not object to paying for these things after our stay, clearly, but thought it unacceptable that my card would be charged in advance for services I might not use. Because of my objection, the 'pre-charge' was revised to $300 but it was not the best start to our stay. In the event, we ended up only making $15 worth of phone calls which I paid for in cash. These two experiences let down a stay at what was otherwise a pleasant and comfortable hotel.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>2	4	4	4	5	2	2	3	

<Author>nuttah
<Content>5 star luxury if you are prepared to pay for it Booked this 5 star hotel for my husbands 50th birthday. Check in was smooth and professional. Our corner suite was spacious with living room, bedroom, large bathroom with separate walk in shower and a dressing area between the bedroom and bathroom. Everything was very clean and elegant. Nightly turndown service was a nice extra as maid brought clean towels and chocolates and water. We only stayed for a weekend but this is a good hotel for longer stays as the location between 5th Ave and Times Square is perfect. It was fairly quiet on the weekend. As NYC is such a fabulous city we didnt eat in the hotel. We also spurged on dinner at Del Franco's Double Eagle Steakhouse which was superb! But the Red Coffee House just along from the hotel does amazing pancakes for $9.Check out was excellent - we had to leave at 5am as we had a day flight back to London. The guy on reception was very pleasant and even recognised and commented on my perfume.We would go back to this hotel and even choose a standard room as the suite was pretty pricey even for NYC.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>aeroeng
<Content>Perfect Engagement Stay My girlfriend (now fiance) and I spent a night at the hotel for a romantic couple of days in New York. What can I say--it was the best hotel experience that either of us has ever had. We entered the lobby which was full of friendly employees and thousands of beautiful, freshly cut flowers. The smell was amazing. Upon check-in, I had requested a high floor, non-smoking. The clerk informed me that for the rate I had requested, he could only give me up to the 10th floor, but he assured me that I would hear no noise. So after our 5 minute check in, we were whisked to the 10th floor where we found our beautiful corner room. The room seemed to be large by New York standards, and had two sitting chairs, a Queen sized bed, a nice wardrobe, all the amenities you would expect from a four star hotel. The bathroom was exquisitie. There was a separate tub and shower, and it was one of the largest I had seen. There was even a freshly cut orchid on the counter. The decorating scheme of the apartment was modern, but warm, and every detail was taken into consideration. Needless to say, my fiance was impressed and we definately hope to revisit the Sofitel New York.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JJ25
<Content>Gret hotel in a great location I stayed at the sofitel for 4 nights in early september as part of a birthday celebration. I'd booked a suite which was fantastic - loads of room, huge bed and masses of storage space. We got a good deal on the room through the hotel site. On our first day we received a bottle of bubbly to say happy b'day from the hotel which was a lovely touch. The hotel restaurant is quite expensive for breakfast, though the blueberry pancakes we had on the 1st day were fantastic!. The service in the hotel was great - check in was very smooth and the room service and help from the concierge was brilliant. We were also allowed a late check out as we weren't leaving for the airport until 4pm.There's a diner (The red flame grill) just down the street and we used that for breakfast most mornings - there's a huge choice on the menu and the service is very efficient. The hotel is between 5th and 6th avenues and you only need to walk 2 blocks to reach times square, which is completely mad, esp. on the weekend. I'd recommend the View restaurant on top of the marriott Marquis hotel in time square - it rotates round and gives some great views of the city plus some lovely food and good service.The hotel arranged a private car to pick us up and take us back to the airport. This is about $50 more expensive than a taxi but well worth the extra money for the comfort and ease of journey.I'd definitly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants somewhere with good service, in a great location with lovely rooms. I was sad to leave on our last day - but will hopefully be back soon.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SharonBoston_MA
<Content>Great Manhattan location My husband and I spent two nights at the Sofitel and I was very pleased. We usually like to stay at the W Hotels, but they seem to be showing their age so we tried the Sofitel. The rooms at the Sofitel were decent in size, and we were upgraded to a King room (from Queen) upon arrival. The beds were very comfortable and the bathrooms were the nicest we've seen in Manhattan - marble counters/floors, tub and a seperate shower. The staff was accomodating and friendly. Decent French restaurant/lounge in the lobby that is worth trying. The location was great - W44th and 5th Avenue, about seven blocks from Rockefeller Center and only a few from Times Square.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>traveladdict1975
<Content>Will definitely return to the Sofitel I feel amazed when I read bad reviews on this hotel and wonder if those people have impossible standards.We had a great experience here. The bed must have been the most comfortable I have ever slept on in my life. I normally have trouble sleeping in hotels but slept like a baby here. Our room was very clean and comfortable. The bathroom was slightly dated but nothing major.We found the staff to be very helpful and having Gaby's restaurant and bar downstairs was a real treat. Excellent food, superb staff and we loved it so much we struggled to tear ourselves away. We will definitely return again.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Visitor357
<Content>Best hotel I've ever stayed at We paid 拢200 per night for room + breakfast. Last year we paid 拢160 per night at the Mansfield over the road. The Mansfield was OK (just), but the Sofitel is out of this world.We had a big room with a big bathroom, all spotlessly clean, elegantly decorated and furnished, with an amazing soft and comfortable bed, and a view of the Empire State Building.After eating the breakfast you don't need to eat again until the evening.The staff are all helpful and friendly.Don't stay anywhere else!!!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>charlieflower
<Content>Gorgeous Beds! We stayed here during our stay in New York, and would like to say that the hotel is lovely, with gorgeous beds. You also have access to the internet and a printer free of charge. The hotel is v close to the shops such as Macy's and even closer to the Rockafellar Centre. The only downside I would stay is making calls from the hotel is extortionate. We are from the UK and even to connect a call they charged $17.65 even if they was no connection. We had had a recent family bereavement and even to try to call cost us in total about 拢35, with the actual calls which did get through amounting to 拢62.00 for some clarity we only acutally spoke to our familys 3 times and for less than 5 mins for 2 calls and the 3rd call amounting to less than 10. To say we were surprised was an understatement so basically dont use the phone! To the left of the hotel walking towards 5th Avenue there is a superb Indian restaurant which we would both thoroughly recommend.Best of luck you'll have a great stay if you opt for this hotel :)  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Davies91
<Content>Nowhere better to stay! My husband  I have just returned from a 4 night break in New York staying at the Sofitel. The hotel is fabulous, we booked a double room on a high floor and although we didn't have a fantastic view, the room and bathroom where perfect. The room was very spacious, plenty of room to spread out and with a work station and a small seating area. The bed was amazing, the best I have ever slept in! The bathroom was large too with a separate bath  shower. We found all the staff we spoke to courteous and helpful from the reception staff to the concierge and the bartender who mixed a perfect Cosmopolitan! The location is idea between 5th  6th so it's convenient for both shopping and the attractions of Time Square.  I read in another review a recommendation for the Red Flame diner a couple of doors down from the hotel, great place for breakfast, and their pancakes are delicious! The concierge also recommend the Osteria Al Doge restaurant which is on 44th between 6th  Broadway, this is another nice place to eat, food is good and the cost reasonable. Finally, on taking the advice of another reviewer I joined the Sofitel Privilege card program before our trip, great tip, it meant we could get a late check out on our final day, and with a flight at 7pm a 4pm check out was ideal.When we come back to New York, we will definitely be staying here.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Happybeing40
<Content>First class hotel and location       Marble bathroom with sep shower  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pink040
<Content>Great Hotel We have just returned from staying in the Sofitel NY and overall it was fantastic. The room was spotless with fab duckdown duvets  pillows, the beds themselves were extremely comfortable (just what you need after pounding the sidewalks all day). We were on the 16th floor  at night you could hear a pin drop....there was no road/people noise at all. There was no complementary water in the room when we first arrived which was disappointing so we had to take a bottle out of the minibar at a ridiculous cost so you may want to buy a bottle of water at the airport before you get your transport to the hotel.The door staff are very friendly and polite and will go out of their way to help you. The hotel is between 5th  6th Avenues which is a wonderful position for exploring Manhattan, everything is within walking distance and you can just pop back to the hotel though out the day to freshen up, have a rest or to drop off your vast amounts of shopping!If you are going to NY I would highly recommend the Sofitel it is a great place to stay.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>4StarCarolinaTravler
<Content>Sofitel perfect US Open Tennis hotel       Deluxe Queen Room  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>jennychan823
<Content>Fantastic!!!! I never write reviews but I had to after I stayed at the sofitel. My boyfriend and I went for his birthday and the hotel did so much to make us feel welcomed. We were able to check in at 8 am and the hotel sent up a bottle of champange that night because we were celebrating his bithday. The beds were soooooooooo comfortable i never wanted to get up. This was best location you could ask for .  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ross_7
<Content>Sofitel Was Great       Entrance to Hotel  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>randinc
<Content>An elegant hotel If Priceline had a 5 star in Midtown Manhatten this would be it. Easy check in , a great room on the 16th floor with a city view. The hotel is one of the finest we've ever stayed in. Elegant, friendly, yet comfortable. The room was large by New York standards, great bed, two comfortable chairs, an ottoman, bathroom with separate tub and shower. Service was impecable, staff appeared everywhere with a greeting, to push the elevator button when your hands were full. Complementary USA today every morning as well as coffee set up at the entrance to the restaurant. Concierge helpful. Location about a block and a half from Times Square. Couldn't be more pleased.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>creativespirit
<Content>Luxury and comfort in Mid town Manhatten This hotel is run by a team who really understand the essentials of good hotel practice. The rooms are supremely comfortable, clean, luxurious but functional. Thought has been given to the demands of travellers, very comfortable beds and ample surfaces and furniture for unpacking. Unlike many bathrooms it is possible to see in the mirrors even after a hot shower!We found the reception, concierge and doormen to be knowledgeable and helpful and able to meet our requirements quickly and effectively. New York suffered a deluge during our time there and we would certainly have missed our plane from JFK if it had not been for the quick thinking of the Doorman.The restaurant was excellent. All meals were of a very good standard and the chef was happy to modify meals for dietary needs and personal preferences.This is a really good hotel. Worth while searching through the various travel agents to get it at a good price. A really good 4 star that has better service levels than some 5 star hotels I have stayed in. A really well run hotel. I look forward to staying there again  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jcoy90
<Content>GREAT! Great experience and will definitely go back. I switched to Sofitel from Le Parker Meridien based on comments and photos posted on tripadvisors.com and glad I did. The hotel and staff were great and so is the location. I received a survey request from them the next day. It's nice they ask for input and it's obvious they read it.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PaulBSurrey_UK
<Content>Wonderful Hotel A wonderful hotel with good size rooms and the most comfortable bed i have ever slept in. 2 blocks from Time Square, 3 from Grand Central Station. Attentive but not in your face staff. Couldn't fault it.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>LondonUKPhil
<Content>Wouldn't stay anywhere else now! I splashed out on a suite for 7 nights having read the Trip Advisor reviews and was not disappointed. Luxurious bathroom and shower, bed like a giant marshmallow and a good sized lounge with sofa, tv, easy chair and desk, fresh flowers, chocolates every night and bottles of Evian in case we were thirsty during the night. My wife was thrilled to look out of the windows of the bedroom at night and see the Empire State from one and the Chrysler from the other. The desk staff and concierge were all very helpful and polite and always happy to make reservations and give recommendations.Following advice I registered for a Privilege Card and took advantage of a late check out from the hotel and a complimentary glass ot two of champagne. The hotels limo service was more expensive than others but well worth the lack of hassle with a nice cleanThe location is the best I have ever been in when visiting New York and made for easy sight seeing. The diner a few doors down was great for a cheap hearty breakfast. We never tried the restaurant but it has good reviews. The hotel is within easy reach of a number of good restaurants and there's no shortage of variety.I would recommend it to anyone. If you can splash out for a bigger room then do it.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>fabulousat40
<Content>Sofitel- The Place to stay in Manhattan Upon a recommendation, our group of 8 ladies book for 4 nights. The hotel is beautiful and exceptionally clean. We felt like we were leaving family when we were saying good-bye to the door staff and the Concierge. You could not be better located if you plan on doing all the trendy shopping and the touristy stuff. If we called and asked for items such as towels etc they were at our door in moments. We were on the go most of the time and we unfortunately did not take the time to dine at the hotel restaurant, next time! I could not have expected anything better. Other than some minor confusion at the front desk upon check in, I cannot think of anything negative at all. This is my second visit to a Sofitel hotel, I will start to look for the Sofitel hotels as my preference when I travel. I also stayed at the VinPearl in Vietnam another Sofitel managed hotel,5* all the way!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>CaelanRussell
<Content>Absolutely fantastic hotel and location made the reservation by phone as I wanted to ensure availability of an early check in etc. Nothing was too much bother for the hotel and the staff. We received a lovely welcome at reception and our room was ready before 10am. The room was great, lovely and quiet, loads of space, very very comfortable king size bed and spotlessly clean. Location of hotel is also perfect, great for attractions, shopping streets and transportation links. Have stayed in other top hotels in NYC and would recommend this one over all others. Exellent.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sarah048
<Content>Great experience at the Sofitel We booked the Sofitel for our first trip to New York City, and were thrilled with our choice. Just a couple of blocks from Times Square and Rockefeller Center, yet the rooms were quiet. The staff members were exceptionally friendly and helpful, and the room was nicely appointed. We would definitely stay there again. The Red Flame Cafe nearby offers quick, affordable food.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jinxie17
<Content>A Fabulous "25th" My husband and I stayed at the Soiftel for one night in celebration of our 25th wdding anniversary. The hotel is very chic and elegant, the staff most helpful and the rooms are clean and nicely decorated. The bathroom was most accommodating with a tub and walk in glass shower, robes and designer toiletries, very nice! When we arrived back at our room after seeing a show, we were pleasantly surprised to find a bottle of champagne on ice, and a note congratulating us on our 25th.....how thoughtful! We have stayed at many NYC hotels, and found the Sofitel to be the most accomodating to your needs. The Sofitel will be our choice hotel when we return to NYC!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>bjschluetter
<Content>Great Hotel After reading the reviews on trip advisor for the Sofitel New York, I booked this hotel through Priceline and was not disappointed. Great location, friendly staff and very comfortable, quiet rooms. We checked in late our first night and were put on a floor undergoing renovations. It did not look very pretty nor smell good due to the painting however the room itself was okay. The next morning we spoke with the staff and requested a different floor due to the renovations and they were very happy to help us by placing us on a different floor. Our overall experience of this hotel was excellent.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Chris228
<Content>Great Location       View from room  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>kcjayhawk11
<Content>Nice Hotel, Nothing Special This is nice enough hotel, but there is nothing special about it. We were upgraded to a higher floor after complaining about the smell in our first room. Same room, just a higher floor with no bad smell. The bathroom was clean. The cleaning service was fine. I don't really have any complaints about the hotel. I just expected a lot since it was rated so highly on this web site. I don't think it was worth the extra money we paid. I think we could have gotten just as nice a room for less. It is in a good location.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>artfulldodger_7
<Content>Big apple delight Just got back after 5 days at the Sofitel.. Excellent hotel in superb location for seeing the sights of NY. Staff courteous and friendly. Room spaceous and clean. Compares well with other Sofitels that we have stayed at in Egypt and Portugal. Would recommend the Hotel on location alone. Enjoy.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>prettybird
<Content>From Sweet to Sour I must say that I was looking forward to staying at this hotel upon reading the many lovely reviews on TA. I never hesitate to book and spend the extra money involved for a better well appointed hotel. Check in on Friday was smooth and pleasant and the room was very nice with a very comfortable bed and beautiful bathroom with all the nice little extras to go with it. But all went from sweet to sour on my final day in NYC at this hotel.Room service did not rate high with me. My omlette was actually sent up runny and uncooked. Did not call to complain though. Now for the detailed unbelievable experience on my final day...PLEASE READ MY FORUM POSTED ON TA DATED 8/15/2007 TITLED Weekend Trip-Final Day from prettybird  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	1	1	3	

<Author>ManchesterMaria
<Content>We LOVED this hotel! We chose this hotel after reading the reviews others had written and we were not disappointed. We asked for a higher floor and the move was taken care of giving us a lovely view of the Rockefeller building. If you're booking try and get breakfast included. It was just the start we needed to a day of exploring New York city. Use the concierge, they are very helpful and nothing was too much trouble. The beds are VERY comfortable, just what we needed after a day of touring this fantastic city. The rooms are plenty big and the bathroom was lovely. Bottles of water left in room when bed was turned down was a nice touch. Free internet in the lobby proved handy for keeping in touch with friends and family, and finding out news from home. Able to adjust the room temperature using the room thermostat. (Handy in a heatwave!). Excellent location. Quick and easy access to 5th Avenue and Time Square, with Broadway a gentle stroll taking 10 minutes at most. Staff were all helpful, efficient and friendly. We'd definately look to stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kickink
<Content>Not Great- average at an above average price After reading all the reviews and seeing it's no 1 status on trip advisor we were delighted to get a week at this hotel. However we were disappointed - it was not great. The room was small dark and a bit worn in places. While the staff were pleasant and the location is really good, considering it's number one status this hotel failed to live up.  Its a very standard hotel - nothing specifically terrible but nothing great either. Average at an above average price.Seems to be geared for business customers who stay one or two days. It's not luxurious/ romantic. Would not stay again- there are more interesting , luxurious hotels at a better price.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Keiichi73
<Content>A rough start, but a smooth finish For my recent New York theater trip, I decided to stay at the Sofitel due to the reviews and the fact that it was ranked #1 in the city on this site at the time. When its popularity began to drop, and mediocre to lukewarm reviews started popping up more frequently, I started to worry that perhaps the hotel was going downhill somewhat right before I was about to arrive. Fortunately, although my stay had a rough start, the friendly and eager to please staff were willing to go out of their way to make my visit enjoyable.I had booked a King Executive Suite after I found a great deal on the Sofitel website where the room was only a little over $100 more overall (including tax) than I would have paid for a standard room. I arrived at the hotel, and was informed by the front desk clerk that they had prepared for me a room on the top floor of the building with a view of both the Empire State and Chrysler Buildings. I anxiously headed for the elevator, looking forward to experience my room, only to be met with disappointment. While the room seemed nice at first glance, there were a number of small problems. For one thing, the window shades were broken, and would not go up. What's the point of having a top floor room if you can't enjoy the city view?? Furthermore, the closet door was broken, and would not close all the way unless you forcefully pushed it three or four times. The television remote was tempermental, and seemed to work only when it felt like it. There were numerous other small technical problems in the bathroom as well.I eventually went back down to the front desk to inform them of the many problems. The staff was greatly apologetic, and I was eventually moved to a corner suite on the 12th floor. It wasn't as high up as the previous room, but it was a lot bigger, a lot nicer, and most importantly, everything was working the way it should be. After I checked into this room, my stay went a lot smoother, and I was finally able to enjoy my experience. This really is a lovely hotel with a staff that not only listens to you, but will go out of their way to make you happy, and answer any question you have. The room itself is very clean due to the fact you get two housekeeping visits each day. (They never actually bothered me or walked in on me, though.) Almost everything in the room is of the highest quality, from the sheets on the bed right down to the toilitries found in the bathroom. Speaking of the beds, while I agree with everyone else that it was one of the softest hotel beds I've ever slept on, they were perhaps a bit too soft for my liking. I would have liked just a little bit more firmness and support, but that's just me, since everyone else here seems to rave about them. I always slept well, I just had a hard time finding a firm spot that I could fall asleep on.The location of the hotel is located just off of Times Square and Broadway, so you're within walking distance to the heart of the city without actually having to be there. I've stayed in hotels in the Times Square area, and would sometimes step outside the front door of the building, only to be met with a wall of people walking past me, making exiting the hotel difficult. This never happened at the Sofitel, as it's located far enough away to avoid heavy crowds. It's still centrally located, however, and in walking distance to all the shopping, subways and transporation, theater, and sights that most are looking for when they stay in that part of town. There are even two movie theaters in close walking distance from the hotel, so you'll never be lacking in entertainment. The 7 Broadway shows that I saw on my trip (Spring Awakening, Curtains, Deuce, Legally Blonde, The Year of Magical Thinking, Frost/Nixon, Mary Poppins) were all about a 10-15 minute walk away. There are also a number of restaurants in the local area, which means you most likely won't have to resort to paying the outrageous prices the Sofitel charges for room service unless you really want to. There is a restaurant in the building, but I never ate there. I did visit the bar on most nights, though, and found the atmosphere very warm and friendly.I really don't know what went wrong with my first room. Maybe it hadn't been rented out to anyone for a while, or maybe previous guests just didn't complain and put up with it. Whatever the case, the staff succeeded in making my stay memorable after a rough start. I'll be returning to New York in December and will be staying at The Michelangelo Hotel. But, if the chance ever presents itself, I would stay at the Sofitel again. Yes, it has some rough edges here and there (The TVs in the rooms look like they're from the early or mid 90s and should really be replaced.), but for the most part, I had a good experience.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jack06
<Content>Fantastic Location, can't beat it! I recently stayed at the Sofitel for 5 nights. Like others, I don't want to repeat the many great reviews already below, but would like to recommend the hotel.The hotel is in an excellent location, near the Theatre district. Within walking distance of fabulous shopping and many tourist attractions. Time Square is only a 2 minute walk away.The hotel itself is lovely, beautiful rooms, very friendly stuff (particlarly the concierge), who helped us booked a helicopter flight over New York, and had many great restaurant recommendations!The food is great, both the room service and the restaurant. Great if you've had a really long day and just can't be bothered eating out!Definetly recommend joining the Sofitel Privillege Club when you arrive, as this entitles you to a complimentary cocktail during your stay, and a 4pm checkout. Very handy indeed when flying home in the early evening.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kingsdown
<Content>Pure Luxury! An absolutely beautiful hotel in a great location. The friendly and helpful staff made life particularly easy as did the free coffee which accompanied me on early mornings whilst trying to conquer my Jet Lag. The food in the restaurant's French Restaurant was good especially at breakfast where we wished we had stayed longer to sample more of the extensive menu! All in all a luxorious and beautiful hotel within easy walking distance of many major New York attractions which I would love to return to and would recommend highly.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>betty151
<Content>Couldn't ask for more My boyfriend stayed at the Sofitel for two nights and had a wonderfulstay. Upon check-in we were given a free upgrade to a King room. The room was very clean and the bed was amazingly comfortable (we slept like babies - I would say the bed was on par with, if not better thanW hotel beds!) The location was amazing - steps from Times Square in one direction and Grand Central Station in the other. The free internet in the lobby was a great resource. We were sorry to leave and wouldn't hesitate to book a stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Toysietoad
<Content>So Lovely!       Room 2301  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>tyfam6
<Content>Great Location This hotel was very nice. The best location, could walk to all the shopping. The bed was comfortable, bathroom very nice and very clean. Would definately recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>Hopefulglaswegian
<Content>New York, New York This hotel is very well situated for 5th Avenue and Broadway. We found the staff to be exceptionally helpful. The rooms were very clean and well furnished. Best of all they were free from the noise of the city. The hotel has free internet access in the lobby (3 PCs). Great for teenagers and for electronic check in for flights. There is also a printer for printing out boarding passes. The concierge booked us into a couple of restaurants taking time to find out our preferences and showing us their internet sites. We particularly liked our meal at Bar Americain. Kellari, a Greek restaurant (mainly fish), just along the street (towards 5th Avenue) was also very good. We ate at the hotel's restaurant (called Gaby) one night and that was good too.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>flaura
<Content>Just Okay After booking this hotel based on the rave reviews on the TripAdvisor, I have to say I will never do that again. Upon entering this hotel, I was not impressed. Our one bedroom suite was not any better. The carpet was worn and the balcony had leftover cigarette butts on the floor. Yes the decor was nice. And the room was large enough. But there was not never that one moment when you stay at a hotel that is rated number one, should give you. We could have stayed at the Ritz or 4 Seasons for the price. Or a boutique hotel for half the price and had a better experience. One bonus, it's location.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	3	1	3	5	

<Author>mediumchips
<Content>awesome this is a wonderful hotel. wonderful staff. very unique concept and also a fantastic location. if you can get a room here, you should!no cons!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ebokee
<Content>My hotel room was cold as heck! This hotel just is not very impressive to me and this is my second time staying here. I will not be staying here again. I had problems checking in because the lady at the front desk claimed my credit card was rejected over $50.00 for incidentals! I had already prepaid my room and my card was fine. I had just used my card at a hotel previous to coming here. I also used it again the next day at another hotel with no problems and my card had waaaay more the 50 bucks available on it. The beds only have a fitted sheet and blanket, they don't have a loose sheet. The carpet was little worn too. There was no view at all and no coffee maker in the room. I will not stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>fanmailer
<Content>Management with an attitude This was our first stay at the Sofitel Hotel NYC. When we arrived late after a delayed flight, we were pleasantly surprised by the friendly night staff, clean hotel and lobby, and large and spotless room on the 26th floor. This hotel is on a quiet and somewhat dark (dingy?) street, but it serves well to escape the bustle of the city. Great shopping and Times Square are a very easy walk (5-10min). Exercise facility is small but cool and clean. There is not much of a 鈥渓obby feel鈥濃€ore like a hallway鈥ut who cares unless you鈥檙e with a large group. Even the cleaning people and bellmen were very personable. This appeared to be a well-trained staff! Small issues...not enough hangers, bathroom doors open out into closet area, no privacy for toilet when someone else is in the bathroom. The design could have been thought out better. The main issue for us...the front desk management. This hotel is not cheap, and there are plenty of choices in the city for the $500+ prices we paid at a 鈥渨eekend getaway鈥?rate. When we checked in we noted that the Sofitel website internet rate that we booked 2 months ago had now dropped (a grand total of $55 for our $2500 four day stay). So we asked for a credit. The front desk manager鈥檚 (Catherine Michel) response: an absolute no! Giving credit for reduced rates is not 鈥渙ur policy...you should have discovered this earlier. I absolutely despise a condescending policy excuse... bad business and very impersonal. So I asked for internet credit instead...less of a refund but less of an impact on the hotel. Again, no. What if I rebooked? 鈥淲e will charge you the cancellation fee.鈥?A dead-end discussion that next time leaves me looking for other $500+ hotels for a mere $55 matter of principal. Even the restaurant, room service and mini bar rates are astronomical ($6 for a regular bottle of water, $27 for omelet and coffee, plus tax and delivery). Lot鈥檚 of places to eat within 300 feet of the entrance. Dine elsewhere.Bottom line, a very nice hotel and staff that would have had me back if we didn鈥檛 feel somewhat insulted by the manager. Looks like this French hotel is going the way of the US airlines...policy, not personality. What a pity.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>DottyUK
<Content>Great NYC Experience We've just returned from a 4 night stay at the Sofitel and were very impressed. It was our first trip to NYC and a birthday celebration. I had emailed the hotel the week before to request a higher level room to get views of the Chrysler Building  a late check-out on our departure day. They replied to say this was possible. Check-in was quick  easy - staff very pleasant. Our room was on the 27th floor and was much larger than expected with great views plus complimentary bubbly  chocolates for my birthday. Great start! The hotel was in a great location just a few blocks away from many of the sights, yet away from the bustle  noise. The beds were really comfortable  we slept really well. During our stay we found all the staff friendly  helpful especially the concierge. The gym was a great extra which we managed to use despite all the walking we'd done!! We didn't eat at the hotel but used the bar which was good but a bit pricey as most city hotel bars tend to be. The only criticism is the lack of tea  coffee-making facilities in the room. Would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>zussinek
<Content>Very disappointed I just returned from a three-day stay at the Sofitel New York. I've tried to stay there several times because it has often ranked Number 1 at TripAdvisor. It was always booked when I tried, and I was therefore thrilled that I was finally getting to stay there.However, now that I have, I wonder why hotel guests rank it as highly as they do. I travel all over the world, stay in 4 and 5 star properties wherever I go, including Sofitels in London and Rome. The Sofitel New York does not live up at all to the standards at these hotels.Let's talk about the service -- or shall I say, the lack of customer service. When my husband and I walked in, I walked over to the front desk, and greeted the guest service agent with a big smile, and said: Hello, how are you today?The man didn't lift his eyes to even look at me, and said. I'm fine, thank you. Never bothered to ask me how I was -- or indeed greet me at all.I had negotiated a rate that included breakfast, but the agent said there was nothing on my file about that. He made no attempt to look into it, and relied entirely on me to find the documentation to prove it. That took some time to resolve, but finally it was and we received the breakfast coupons.The room itself was not at all impressive. We were two people staying in a king room. Most people travelling alone do not need a king bed, so one would think that king rooms would have sufficient drawers and hanging space to allow two people to unpack their suitcases. Not so in this room. The hanging portion of the closest was about a foot wide, with an iron and ironing board crammed in there as well. I had to remove them to make room the clothing we had brought for our 3-day stay, which included evening attire, day clothes, and business suits.The bed had only a comforter, with no single sheet between the duvet and the fitted sheet. That meant that, if we found the comforter too warm, which we did, we had nothing to cover ourselves with.The view we had outside our window was obstructed by buildings, making the room very dark. The floor lamps did not have bright enough bulbs to give ample light for reading.The Panasonic TV was an old model, not one of the flat-screen kinds I've seen in most hotel rooms I've stayed in elsewhere recently.There was only one bathrobe in this king room, which disappeared on two day, never to be seen again.The doors to the bathroom open outward into the closet area, requiring guests to remember to close one set before opening another. Not a well-thought out design.The best part of our stay there were two Albanian servers in the hotel restaurant. They brought a friendliness and eagerness to the hotel that was lacking in all the front desk agents.All in all, this was a disappointing stay. I will not likely return to the Sofitel New York, and would not recommend it, given its high cost and lacklustre service and ordinary accommodations, well below any 5-star hotel I've stayed in.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	2	3	3	

<Author>benry
<Content>5 day trip to New York The Sofitel in New York is by far the best hotel we have ever stayed in!!!!!!We prompted for the hotel after using Trip Advisor!The hotel staff were all extremely friendly and couldn't be more helpful. We got them to recommend restaurants while in new york. To be honest we would never have found them if it wasn't for the concierge staff who booked it. They also sorted out a helicopter ride (not cheap but well worth it).The hotel was extremely clean. In fact it was almost over the top the amount of times the maids changed the towels (probably twice a day!). They made the beds and then if you weren't in the room in the afternoon / early evening then they would come and turn the bed down.The location of the hotel is perfect. It's about 45th st, it's around 200 yards off 5th avenue. It a 10-15 min walk to central park or the same amount of time going south towards empire state etc.Would highly recommend this hotel and the helicopter ride, Top of the Rock (better than the empire state) and Central Park horse  carriage ride. Time square at night is a must, it doesn't look half as good in the dayHope you find this useful!!!!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Valleygirl
<Content>Great Location, Fabulous Bed!       View from our room at the Sofitel  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>M747
<Content>Nice New york Location Stayed at the sofitel for 3 days together with my Girlfriend. Very friendly staff. Very nice big bathroom. Comfortable bed and absolutely nothing to complain about: Great hotel, but really not worth a huge premium over other 4 stars hotels in the city. In conclusion, the hotels high points was the bed, bathroom and the service of the staff. Also Great location between 5th and 6th ave Recomended  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CB57
<Content>Completely as expected from previous reviews. I've just spent 5 nights at the Sofitel, which I booked because of the great reviews read on this site. Our journey from London was terrible as our flight was cancelled, the flight we got on was packed and we arrived (very tired) at the hotel at 1am (4 hours later than planned) only to find that there appeared to be no room reserved for us. The guy on reception (Albert) was charming and quickly placed us in a room overnight on the basis that he would sort it out with our travel agent while we slept. I also got my Mum in London to speak to the Agent and by the time we woke we were told that the Agent had mistakenly booked us in for arrival on the 12th August! The room was nice and clean and the beds were very comfortable....we were only going to sleep there after all! The bathroom was very clean and the housekeeping was excellent. Room Service tea in the morning was a bit expensive (拢4 per person) but not of great concern although we did suggest that they provide tea and coffee making facilities in the rooms. The Staff were all friendly and efficient. I've stayed in many hotels throughout the world, mainly 5 star plus, and consider the Sofitel to be a very good 4 star hotel.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Symjoh
<Content>Well I Was Impressed 4 of us stayed for a first--time visit to New York from England. No complaints at all about the hotel - it was top-class from start to finish. Maybe the bar prices were a bit steep but if you choose selectively - you do get bargains (Pouilly-Fuisse to name but one). We're planning to use it again - everyone was helpful  friendly.Like everyone else we used the Red Flame Diner down the street - great way to start the day - can't compare with English cafes - different class . Figaro is a great friendly neighbourhood nearby bar with good Italian food on 44th. On 45th Street, at the back of the hotel, Training Camp has good discount shoes/bags  the Dress Barn on 46th (through the small memorial park) is good for cheap new clothes (women's). Don't use the Indian vegetarian restaurant (Sudokia?) on 45th - the food was inedible - compared to Drummond Street in London it was rubbish. For posing, the restaurant on top at Bryant Square is good fun (don't have the cheese board).New York was better than I could have dreamed and the hotel played no small part.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>redhotrobert1979
<Content>Great, but not outstanding This is a prefect hotel for a trip to NY. Great location, good rooms, good staff, good value for money and all in all a very good 4 star choice.Only things that stop this being a 5 star rating, conceige who have a scam going with some private hire car firms who ripped us off and being placed in smoking room even when I tripled checked that it was a non smoking room.Otherwise would easily recommend this tip top 4 star NY hotel.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>scoobie2train
<Content>A NYC oasis, great mid-town location, gracious services We had a wonderful stay in NYC thanks in part to the gracious hosts at the Sofitel. Convenient location for a variety of activities. Rooms are not very big, but neat and comfortable lay out, with nice marble bathroom. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>grahedge
<Content>I wouldn't stay anywhere else Having had only good experiences at the NYC Sofitel in 2006, I couldn't find anywhere else on the web which matched up to it in terms of specification and reviews for 2007, so I booked a return visit. I was not disappointed.The cleanliness, appointment and servicng of the rooms were unquestionnably excellent, the location is superb, and the atmosphere discreetly charming.Fantastique!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>syno
<Content>Very Nice Hotel Very nice Hotel, good location near Times Square, Broadway. Room with a view of the Chrysler building. Nice bed and bathroom. Fitness center in the basement, Internet facilities. Concierge very helpfull for organising our stay in NYC. Only surprise for us Europeans the addition of taxes to the bill not explicitely mentionned when booked the Hotel by internet. We absolutely recommend this Hotel.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>BusinessBrit
<Content>Worth every cent This Midtown Manhattan hotel on West 44th St between 5th and 6th Avenues gets high marks from other reviewers (which was why we booked it) and they are not wrong. Location: great. Five mins from Times Square and Broadway, ten mins from Macy's and all that wonderful shopping, Empire State Building, and a cheap cab ride from Central Park. For longer expeditions use the ultra-safe subway at just two dollars a trip. Hotel amenities: no excessive frills (eg no pool but a good gym) and an attractive brasserie with terrace that doubles as breakfast/bar/restaurant. Hotel interior very clean and smart with well maintained public areas and plush spotless carpets. Rooms vary in size but all have good bathrooms and extremely comfortable beds - ask for high rooms for the best views (we had views of Empire State and Rockerfeller Centre on 23rd floor - stunning.). Housekeeping first class, with exceptional attention to detail and cleanliness. Breakfasts sumptuous (but make sure you know the deal you are staying on: some deals include breakfast, in which case you are given a voucher to present in the restaurant - this can lead to a muddle if you are a family of four like us two of whom had vouchers and two who did not - this is one area the hotel could do with clarifying for their own waiters' benefit as much as guests'). Desk staff are terrific: friendly, efficient, helpful. We had a welcome complimentary bottle of champagne to mark one of our birthdays, and chocs too - a nice touch. Everyone seems thoroughly trained and the atmosphere is of calm professionalism. Concierge and his team excellent. Most remarkable of all: in your room, high above the horn-honking mayhem of Manhattan, you will hear....nothing. Not the merest whisper of a police siren disturbs your peace. You could be in the middle of the countryside. This is not the cheapest Manhattan hotel but solid value for money, and with the pound going so far in the USA it is even better value. As I said, a hotel does not earn such a consistently high rating without being consistently reliable, so book the Sofitel with confidence.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>BAH3
<Content>Great location, clean, comfortable I stayed here July 07 the hotel is nice and clean and comfortable and the location is great for all of the big sites. We stayed room only, the breakfast was quite expensive and the Rad Flame diner is a couple of doors away and good for your morning pancakes etc at a much lower cost. Room service is very expensive - we ordered 2 hot drinks which came to around 拢15! (before tip)Our flight was delayed getting to New York and the hotel were very nice about this and didn't charge us for the night we missed.The only bad point was the bathroom which needed some TLC, the bathroom door was saloon style and had a big gap in the middle and it was pretty hard getting in and out of the shower as you had to breathe in to close the door once you were in there (and we're not big people). Aside from this I would recommend this hotel to other people.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ixyz
<Content>previous reviews misled me When we we decided to go to NYC, I read Trip Advisor reviews [since I was travelling with someone who wanted to try a different NYC hotel than I usually stay at] and was impressed with the recent reviews of the Sofitel - clean rooms, many guests commented positively about how common it was for guests to be upgraded to great rooms] and so we booked. Our experience was not good and did not reflect what the really rave reviews had said. I can only conclude that the certain guests are ear-marked for extras and asked to please say how great we are at the NYC Sofitel Our room had stains [ note plural] on the floor carpet; the shower had what appeared to be black mould in the corner; it was very difficult to to get cab since you are on a side street [ and limos seem to cruise in hopes that you will take up their higher price ride which some guests do after waiting ]. Rates are quite inconsistent - some get breakfast, real deals, other seem not to get such $ deals. While service is in general pleasant the actual hotel property is quite bad relative to what a Sofitel is expected to be based on the very high ratings left by the happy earlier guests.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MsMontreal
<Content>Vive Sofitel! Fabulous Hotel, Great Location, Excellent service, Delicious Breakfast! ***If you got a car, just cross the street from the hotel there is a parking : 12 hours for 12$! Which is way cheaper than sofitel parking!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KarenP
<Content>Almost perfect This was my second stay at the Sofitel in two years. I cannot think of a better place to stay in New York for the price. The hotel is in a great location, just five minutes from the madness of Times Square but in a quiet street.We had a room on the 19th floor at the back of the hotel, it was quiet, we didn't hear a thing at night either from the street or other guests.I think the highlight of our stay was the bed, the mattress topper, quilt and pillows were all down-filled, it was like sleeping on a giant marshmallow and was heaven to sink into after a long day pounding the hot pavements ( it reached 99 degrees during our stay)The staff were friendly, we used our privilege card and had a welcome champagne in the bar and enjoyed a late check out as a result.The concierge was helpful and had good recommendations for dinner.I have given this review a title 'almost perfect' for two reasons though, firstly our room was showing signs of wear, nothing too bad but there were a few stains on the carpet and some knocks on the wall, it certainly wasn't as pristine as on our last visit. Secondly mini bar and room service prices were ridiculous, I don't think I have stayed anywhere where the prices are so high. These two things wouldn't put me off though and I would definitely return.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>pvanant
<Content>Return customer to this Excellent Hotel....love it! Just returned from a typical wonderfull stay at the Sofitel. The ONLY hotel I will stay at in NYC. Everything the reviews say and more. The concierge staff is first class, best I have ever seen anywhere. Excellent, CLEAN workout room and super quiet rooms. One suggestion in my mind is room televisions need to be updated, but this is nitpicking.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pantonm
<Content>First class hotel My husband baby and i have just returned from our week trip to New York and would recommend that if you are visiting the states then stay at the Sofitel.We have been to New York 4 times and have stayed at different hotels but none compare to the excellent service we received at the Sofitel.There is not a kettle in the room and i phoned reception to request one so that i could use it for my son's milk and within 10 minutes one appeared in our room.The concierge recommended several excellent restaurants that we would not have visited if not for them.We had breakfast at the hotel on the day we were leaving and it was so good we wished we had gone there before.There were no negatives about this hotel. The business room was enough for the three of us including a cot. All in all we all had a wonderful stay and will be back next year.I must also say that the staff in the bar are excellent.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CornellHotelSchool
<Content>Terribly Unprofessional/Unhospitable staff I couldn't have had a worse experience staying at the Sofitel. I was unimpressed by the curt and inept hotel employees who made my hotel stay unbearable. I would NOT recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	3	1	1	1	3	

<Author>mmctrip
<Content>Always Excellent, Superb I stayed for the second time at this hotel from July 1 to the 7th. I was very happy with my stay once again. My room was on the 10th floor (deluxe queen) and was extremely quiet. As previous posts have noted, I will highlight the great reasons to stay at this property:- the hotel is very clean and elegant- the beds are large and extremely comfortable- housekeeping is done twice a day - the rooms are immaculate and large- the bathroom is great (a separate tub and shower) with fresh flowers and great toiletries (the bathroom is very large in size as well)- the staff are professional and pleasant - the location is fantastic (close to all major attractions)- the guests that stay at this hotel are very considerate and well behaved- considering the quality of the hotel the prices are reasonable- overall a very chic propertyBravo Sovitel New York  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>300506
<Content>Fantastic What a fantastic hotel, great location, so close to everything but the hotel and rooms are a quiet haven.Breakfast was wonderful and is an a la carte menu instead of the mass produced buffets. We were lucky and choose to have breakfast included ( at a very good rate) as the breakfast options were not cheap and ranged from $19 to $26 for a fantastic steak and egg breakfast..... very impressive and well cooked food!The only down side and in truth i cant really call it that, is that there are no shower facilities available for guests who have a late evening flight and do not have a late checkout. THis would have been a real benefit, not only for us but for many guests who were changing the rest rooms.Overall, a hotel that exceeds expectations and highly recommeded!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rappongi27
<Content>Extremely Nice My wife booked this based on reviews from others on this site, and we were not disappointed. We stayed for six nights. It is a very nice hotel, indeed.It is clean and borders on the luxurious with very nice appointments. I certainly agree it is well located. A quick walk to Times Square (but two or three blocks away so it is quiet) and a fast walk to the F subway or Grand Central Station.The conceierge was quite helpful with reservations for dinner. Our room was cleaned at least twice a day that we noticed.The on-site restaurant was very good for breakfast; it wasn't cheap (of course, we didn't much care since we had booked a deal that included whatever we wanted for breakfast) and was willing to make whatever one wanted even if it wasn't on the menu. (We had fantastic lox  eggs  onions, which was not on the menu). We didn't eat there for other meals.It was the kind of place where when you went into the bar and asked for champagne, crackers, mustard and a knife, to go, no one blinks an eye: they just get it for you.Yes, we would stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sarspice
<Content>Brilliant Cannot fault this hotel. Excellent location, polite and helpful staff and immaculate, comfortable rooms.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>simoneriggs
<Content>Great New York Hotel! The sofitel is a great hotel in the heart of New York City. The staff is very friendly and helpful and the rooms are comfortable. The bathroom is beautiful and the bed is wonderful for a great night of sleep. For the money it is the best bet in town!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>moses1856
<Content>Awesome hotel with great staff. When I originally booked our trip to NYC I had chosen another hotel. A few weeks before we were set to leave I read a few reviews on Trip Advisor that the hotel was having some roach problems. I had to find a new hotel and decided to stay at Sofitel-New York. We couldn't have been more pleased with all aspects of the hotel. The hotels location is perfect for sightseeing. It is beautifully designed and decorated and the rooms were good size. My main concern when it comes to hotels is cleanliness and the Sofitel-New York was the cleanest I've been in. The employee's of the hotel were wonderful and very helpful, especially the doorman and the wait staff. They all went out of their way to make our stay as pleasant as possible. I plan on going to Europe for my next vacation and will make every effort to stay at other Sofitel's.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>getarounds
<Content>First Class This was my second stay at this hotel and again it exceeded all my expectations. I have stayed at many hotels in NYC and by far this is the best. The service is increible from check-in to check-out. The room is a good size though not the largest, but the bathroom makes up for it. Very Spacious! Everything was clean, and if you happen to come back to the room during the day, the cleaning staff once again cleans the room and the bathroom. The bed is incrediblely comfortable. One of the best I have ever slept in,There is not enough I can say about this fantastic hotel. It has won me over and I can't think of any other in NYC I would choose over it.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bao903
<Content>Loved Sofitel Loved the Sofitel!!!! It was a wonderful experience. Very convenient, central location to it all. The hotel staff was professional, friendly, and most helpful (they even spoke in French...fun!). The staff accomodated our special request for an early check-in. A room was waiting and available upon arrival. The hotel is immaculate and just as pictured. We could not get over how comfortable the beds were. For being such a central location, there was no street noise. We did a lot of research before booking. This was our first time staying overnight in NYC and we were overwlemed by all of the hotel choices. I have to say we were anything, but disappointed. It was truly wonderful. The only downside...did not care for the Gaby restaurant at all. We wanted to relax and have a drink before ending the evening. The music played at the bar was loud and didn't really match the atmosphere. We went back the next morning because we had breakfast vouchers. We were a party of four with only two vouchers. A scone was $9, pancakes were like $19. We would have been better off grabbing something from Starbucks instead. Even with the two vouchers, the breakfast bill was outrageous for the fare. Next time, we'll skip the Gaby.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dd220786
<Content>Great hotel, best location We chose this hotel based on previous reviews on tripadvisor and it was everything we hoped for. Great hotel, wonderful room, great service, very clean and very friendly staff.The hotel is just a few steps away from 5th Av, Rockefeller Plaza and even Time Square.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Quinonostante
<Content>Very Chic We booked this hotel after reading these reviews and having had a positive experience of Sofitel Cairo!When we arrived we were disappionted to find that some gifts which had been sent for us prior to our arrival had not managed to reach us...and an urgent email which had been sent was not made avaiable until we enquired after it. We mentioned that we thought this was a little bit poor, and the Sofitel management could not have been more apologetic. We came in one afternnon to find they had placed chocolates and fruit in our room along with a letter of apology!On our last day the Customer Relations Manager made a point of finding us and asking us about our stay! She even offered us a late check out which meant we really enjoyed our last day in New York.The room was spacious and comfortable! The beds were amazing! Air con that works! Great bathrooms. The carpet in the inner lobby feels like sand under your feet at the end of a long day of walking in New York City.Very chic, understated hotel, amazingly central but quiet location! FAB breakfastsI'd recommend a stay! (Would not recommend the mini bar....BIG prices for small items, which are available in shops just around the corner. e.g mini bottle of evian over $4 in the mini bar, only 99c in Duane Reed's)  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	2	5	

<Author>WishfulTraveller72
<Content>Well worth it! Top Notch! Just returned from a NY weekend trip and stayed 3 nights at the Sofitel NY. Check-in was fast and courteous - our room was ready whenwe arrived at noon and our luggage was quickly sent up. The hotel lobby is beautifully decorated but without the snobbery or attitude.All staff were friendly and very helpful. Our room, on the 7th floor was extremely clean although it was really damp - the carpet was moist. But, we just turned up the temperature in the room and left it to run. It was fine when we came back. The room was spacious and soundproof. We didn't have any problem with street noise. Spacious bathroom too. Housecleaning was efficient yet invisible. Our room was always spotless and nothing was disturbed in our room. We never saw housecleaning staff or cleaning staff yet our room or the hotel was always perfect. Another room perk: there is a room safe for valuables.We made a lot of use of the computers/internet access in the lobby although it could be busy and you would need to wait sometimes. Printer access was a nice bonus.The location was ideal - the hotel is a close walk to great shopping,to Times Square/Theatre District, to Central Park, to Grand Central Station, Bryant Park, MoMA, NY Public Library, Radio City Music Hall,etc...Also, close to subway and of course, lots of good eats nearby.Overall, the Sofitel is first rate in my book. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>krisSydney_Australia
<Content>Anything said thats good about it, is right. This hotel is in a great spot - 2 minutes from Broadway, 1 minute to 5th Avenue, 5 minutes from Grand Central Station. We came to realise position in a city like New York can make your life much, much easier.It is very clean, spacious and safe. The bed was wonderful, the bathroom was lovely and the room is big enough to open your suitcase on the floor, leave it open and walk around. The staff were more than pleasant and more than helpful. I really can't think of anything negative to say. We would highly recommend this hotel and hope to go back.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>City99
<Content>The other reviewers are right, as usual For a first time visitor to New York, this hotel is close to the Midtown action (44th St, just west of 5th Ave ) without being so close to Times Square that you can't sleep, and the previous reviewers are spot on with their comments. Choose a high floor by paying slightly more and the view and traffic noise will be fine; we had the Rockerfeller Center view to the north which was spectacular. The front desk was warm and helpful, the concierge knowledgeable although a little brusque. I recommend avoiding the breakfast in the Gabi Restaurant- sure it was OK, but for a fraction of the price you can eat in a NYC diner or deli, with real New York atmosphere and none of the pretension. The Pax cafe (part of chain) on Bryant Park SW corner with 6th Ave serve anything from fresh pancakes to Granola with fruit- we took it out and ate in the park.The hotel was clean, everything worked fine, the decor was plain and tasteful- will need touching up soon though, and the beds were soft but very comfy to sleep in. , Be aware that it does have a French air of insouciance about it, but all things considered it was a comfortable, safe choice and we were not disappointed.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>CarlasReview
<Content>Superb hotel We have stayed 8 nights in this hotel and we can say that if we ever decide to go back to NYC we will be staying in this hotel. At the arrival we received a free upgrade due to our 8 night stay.The last day we were happy to receive a complimentary late check-out 3pm, this was perfect since we had to leave at that time for the airport. The concierge arranged a company car for us for the same fare that a taxi would charge us: we got a huge white limousine.Next to the hotel there is a diner where you can enjoy a good breakfast, lunch or dinner.Times Square is just a few minutes by foot. When you go the other way you will find Bryant Park a great place to picknick.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jesse1
<Content>Bon - a pleasant stay This hotel is a solid choice for those wanting to stay in midtown Manhattan. The Sofitel is on hotel row with other noted properties such as the Algonquin on 44th. The lobby has plenty of comfy seatingand has a hushed and yet welcoming feel. There are three computer terminals tucked off into an alcove by the lobby, ideal for printing boarding passes or mapquesting. The chairs, however, do not encouragemore than a few minute stay at the terminal. Check-in was prompt and friendly. The room is a good size and very pleasant, although the carpet looked a bit worn and could have used a good steam cleaning. The bathroom is well lit and does have a lot of space and a real (read English soaking) tub. The personal care items are top-notch as well. The bed - ahh - you will sleep and dream well. No street noise, although granted I was on the 22nd floor. Morning USA today is left by the elevator. Get breakfast elsewhere, based solely on the Paris-like cost.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>EVC
<Content>Great value I took my mom to NY to celebrate her 80th birthday (June 14-17). I gave her the option of the Sofitel or a larger hotel. She looked at the online photos and selected the Sofitel because it was smaller and looked nice. We both were pleased. The hotel was clean and quiet. The location was good because it was less than two miles from everywhere we wanted to go - restaurants, shopping and shows. Considering the average size of a NY hotel room (very small) the room was large. The bathroom was well-appointed and we liked the updated style of separate shower and tub.The staff was friendly and helpful. I liked the fact that there was a cubby hole in the lobby with three computers and a printer. Free of charge, you could access the Internet and print boarding passes. Although I had read other reviews that it would be difficult for the doorman to hail a cab, we did not find that to be the case. The staff was knowledgeable about the area and offered ideas on shopping areas where we could find bargains.The one problem we had was with our room service the first night. We ordered the lobster bisque and did not like it. I was hesitant but decided to call room service to let them know we didn't like it. They sent someone to get the bowls and credited our bill without any hassle. Also, be aware that the minibar has a sensor on it. When something is removed your are charged but the sensor does not detect if you return something to the bar. I removed a diet Coke and changed my mind. I immediately returned it to the bar and selected a regular Coke. When I noticed that I was charged for two, I contacted the front desk and they told me about the sensor. They removed the second charge without any hassle.I would recommend it to anyone and would stay there again. We got good value for your money.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>luli38
<Content>Some positives, some negatives Just got back from a long weekend in New York city and stayed at the Sofitel for 3 nights. There are some definite positives about staying at this hotel. Definite positive is the location--which cannot be beat. Great Midtown West location which is convenient to just about everything. No need to take a cab or any other public transportation. We had great weather so had no problems walking to Central Park, Times Square, or Uptown. We did walk all the way to the World Trade Center, but should have probably taken the subway (due the amount of time that it took) which we did on the way back. Walked down 6th Avenue so that we could get a feel for the different areas such as Greenwich, Chinatown, and Soho which I have never had much chance to visit. With regard to the hotel, I don't have much to add that hasn't already been said. The hotel is fine for the most part. Great beds--no yucky bedspread only crisp white sheets and comforter/duvet. The bathroom was clean and nice and the bath products were very good as well. The carpeting was a little stained looking and the room was a little small, but no smaller than most hotel rooms in New York. Didn't eat at the hotel as it seemed rather pricey and I prefer to experience independent establishments. The concierge was very good at providing recommendations and for the most part we enjoyed the recs. Make sure to get the free Sofitel privilege card as it entitles you to free drinks when you arrive. My one complaint was that the hotel was unwilling to adjust my room rate despite the fact that the website was now showing a better rate. I booked about 2 months prior to my trip and got a room rate for about $303 which did not include breakfast and could be cancelled up to 24 hours prior to arrival. The week before my trip I noticed that the Sofitel website indicated a $274 room rate (for the same room that I had booked at $303) or a $309 room rate which included breakfast. I printed out the sheet and when we arrived I assumed that the hotel would be willing to honor the $309 rate and include breakfast. I realize now that I should have cancelled the reservation (since there was no penalty) and then rebooked at the $309 rate as it was only $6 more but would be well worth the increase as both my spouse and I would get breakfast each morning. I assumed that the hotel would be willing to make this change and honor the rate but was fed some line about it being an internet only rate. It amazes me how customer service is valued differently at various organizations. I really expected more given that I am a Sofitel Privilege member. Anyway, I didn't make a big fuss about it, but will probably be less likely to book a room at the Sofitel for my next New York trip. I might consider the Iroquois which is right next door as I have heard good things about it. Restaurant to consider--Del Friscos -nice steak house with a reasonably priced 3 course meal served prior to 6:30 PM and within walking distance from the hotel in view of Radio City Music Hall.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>PickyHotelGuest
<Content>Wonderful!       Picture 1  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>IRISHMEN
<Content>Fantastic Location Stayed at the Sofitel for six nights for our 25th Wedding Anniversary. From the moment we arrived at reception we were treated with the utmost courtesy. At reception we were congratulated on our anniversary (an e- mail had been sent when booking) and on arrival at our room (25th floor) we discovered a bottle of Champagne had beenleft for us along with a personal letter from the manager. Our room was actually a suite with its own living area and a wonderful view towards Times Square. Staff were very friendly and the Concierge was wonderful. He recommended excellent restaurants and even booked them for us. The location is excellent on 44th Street as you are between 5th and 6th Avenues so you are only 5 mins walk to Times Square and the same distance to the Rockefeller Centre. Sacks 5th Avenue is about ten minutes and is beside St. Patrick's Cathedral. Beside the hotel is a wonderful Greek restaurant called Kellari (not anywhere like the rubbish you find on Greek Package Holiday) and along the same street is a very good but reasonably priced Italian Restaurant called Osteria al Doge. Breakfast was not included in the room rate so we ate out. There is a diner called the Red Flame which was okay and always busy but try the Brooklyn Diner on 43rd Street. Breakfast may be twice the price but the food was beautiful and decor was very appealing too!On our first night we ate in the hotel's restaurant called Gaby. The food was very good but New York has some excellent restaurants so do try to get about. This was a perfect trip but if the hotel isn't up to scratch then the rest of the holiday is downhill. In this instance The Sofitel excelled themseves and I woulddefinitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BlueSiFi
<Content>Excellent Hotel - would recommend to anyone I spent 5 great days in New York and stayed at Sofitel following the reviews on this site.The hotel was as good as the reviews. We had a room with a view of the Chrysler building. The room was excellent with turn down service. The staff was very helpful and friendly. We were upgraded as it was our aniversary and there was a complementry bottle of champagne.The Hotel is in a great location, just a few minutes away from Time Square. Even with this close proximity of busy area, you do not hear the sound of the traffic in your room.There is an great value diner a few doors away which we used for breakfast (sorry can't remenber the name).I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JerseyGirl47
<Content>Great stay at the Sofitel My husband and I had a theater weekend in NYC -- and stayed in the Sofitel one night. The staff was extremely accomodating (early check in, late check out) and helpful. Very nice restaurant for breakfast. Very convenient location for theater, but out of the madness that Times Square area has become.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gameplanner
<Content>Outstanding hotel and location for our 20th wedding anniversary weekend       Fantasia Was Fantastic In Lead Role  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Marie.Bagnall
<Content>Just perfect. This was our second visit to the sofitel and it was even better than we had remembered. The assistance that the hotel gave in preparation for our wedding was second to none, and a big thank you to Daniel - one of the concierge who could not have done more to ensure our day went to plan.We had booked a suite, which was on the 21st floor and had lovely views of the chrysler building. The room was spacious, very clean and had the most comfortable beds. The complimentary champagne was a nice touch. The location is excellent - in between 5th and 6th avenue and just a 5 min walk from broadway. Check in and check out was a smooth process, completed within a few minutes. Staff were polite, friendly and ever helpful.For food, we found a lovely brazillian restaurant by the belvedere hotel. This was a little pricey but such a good experience and the food was excellent.All in all can't recommend this hotel highly enough, and already looking forward to our third visit.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KSSydney
<Content>Great place to stay!       Lovely comfortable beds!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>bristol_traveller_06
<Content>Fantastic Hotel, Great location, great room, a couple of minor quibbles We stayed at the Sofitel New York for five nights. This hotel is absolutely fantastic, one of the best I've stayed in. It is very well located, just two blocks from Times Square in one direction and Grand Central Station in the other. We booked via the Hotel website several months in advance and got a great deal on a King Suite. I also asked to be up high and we got the 25th floor which was really nice, though it was on the same level as the ledge for the window cleaning equipment which did slightly detract, but I'm not too fussed as the views of the Rockefeller center were very nice.The suites are very pleasant, lovely lounge area, two televisions (one in the lounge, one in the bedroom), the beds and pillows are fantastic. The bathroom is great as well.The staff always treated us very well, with courtesy and professionalism. We never ate at the restaurant but did get Room service, do read the fine print on the room service menu which states all the extras that are added onto the price (tips  taxes are all added on, yet there is a section on the receipt you sign for extra tips, but I can't see this is necessary as it is basically double tipping).I found no pressure to tip anyone, they even asked on arrival if we needed help with our bags  we said no so were able to take them up ourselves, we had heard that at other places they can insist on taking your bags so that you have to tip.Also I let them know it was my Birthday and they very kindly gave me a bottle of very nice sparkling wine beautifully presented in a classy ice bucket with some glasses. The maid service was excellent, we left them a tip each day which they took  would leave a note of thanks. We were never disturbed while our do not disturb sign was out.The only quibbles I have, and this is because I am pedantic, are:1. The lifts can be a bit slow sometimes, and the timing seems to be out, our floor for instance was almost always serviced by the same lift, which could take quite a while to turn up, making me wonder what the others were doing2. The In-room TV system is very comprehensive, and does have a good billing system to let you know what you've spent, but it can be very slow to load, occasionally will crash and freeze up (even turning off  on the TV doesn't work). Also sometimes it can appear in blackwhite or have distorted sound. However the movie we purchased through the system played flawlessly which was good3. The Ice Machine on our level was broken which required us to go to the next level, a minor inconvenience but worth noting.4. The Iron in the room sparked in the plug socket  tripped the breaker for the entire room one morning. They were quite quick in resetting the breaker and gave us a brand new iron straight away, but it was slightly disconcerting none-the-less.These are minor things though and I would stay at this hotel again without a moments hesitation, It really is an oasis in the madness, but excitement, of Manhattan!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tashabrown
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Sofitel is a fantastic hotel in a really great location. Near times square and in the centre of all the shopping, sights and nightlife, The rooms are fabulous, large, modern and with great views. Visited twice and on one occasion was upgraded to suite 2415 which had the biggest outside terrace - over 50 foot square and overlooking empire state buildong and chrysler building - amazing!!The bar and restuarant Gabys has great food and service and this was our favourite place to eat in NYCThe hotel is quite expensive but good value overall and I would highly recommend it and would definately stay here again  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Minu6
<Content>Excellent location Returned 10 days ago having thoroughly enjoyed a 5 night stay at the Sofitel. The facts are: the beds are great, the rooms are a good size for New York but best of all the staff and location are simply second to none. If you are in New York to shop, visit the sights or just to be engrossed by the unique atmosphere this is the place to stay. Tips: The Red Flame Diner is a good start to the day, St Andrews Alehouse for a steak, Top of the Rock is unmissable and Central Park worth a long visit. Also do NOT drink the Kronenbourg in the bar it is $14 a pint. Ask for a room high up - we had the 27th floor with a wonderful view of the Chrysler Building. Also we took the advice of fellow trip advisors and registered for a Sofitel loyalty card prior to arrival the complementary drinks and late check out (1600 hours) were much appreciated. Agreed it may not be a 5 star hotel but it is a 5 star experience.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Minx77
<Content>A good city base My husband and I have just got back from a 5 night stay at the Sofitel, and we were very happy with our choice. We booked a standardroom but were upgraded to a suite, which was really nice! Therefore I'm not sure what the standard rooms are like. The suite was clean, large and neutral with a really nice bathroom, comfy kingsize bed andlovely views of the Chrysler building. The rate was about $300 a night which is cheap at the moment for us from the UK! The hotel has a fitness suite which looked OK but we didn't use it, and free internet access in the lobby. If you are looking for a hip hotel this isn't for you. Last time we went to NYC we stayed at the Royalton which is much cooler but twice the price! The Sofitel is beige, neutral and corporate. Its not a characterful hotel but if you're looking for somewhere to stay where you'll be guaranteed good standards, a quiet room with great air-con,good housekeeping, in the middle of town, for a fair price then I don't think you can go wrong with the Sofitel. NB One downside is the ridiculous price of room service - I don't think I've ever found one more expensive, and I've stayed in some lovely 5 star hotels throughout the world - don't even think about ordering!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>vegaslover73
<Content>Very nice 4 star hotel in NYC       champagne on ice!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DonnaBottell
<Content>Sofitel New York Just returned from Sofitel New York. I found this hotel a bit basic, not at all like other Sofitel's aroun d the world. I did find the staff very helpful and the room was very clean and kept tidy by the maids. However if it is luxury you want then this is not the place.The best high light of this hotel is its location, other then that I feel it is mor of a grade 3 hotel.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sammy1000
<Content>Very Helpful Had a fantastic time at the Sofitel, the location is excellent, the rooms are a great size and all the hotel staff were really helpful. Managed to get a deal which included breakfast - and there was a brilliant selection available. The hotel is a bit on the expensive side but in my opinion worth paying the extra money for the excellent room size. The only issue was that wireless internet was not free but they did have a small business centre where you could access the internet for free.Also my mum is disabled and we had a specially adapted room which was perfect for my mum's needs and again the hotel bent over backwards to help in everything we needed. Highly recommend John's Pizzeria for a bite to eat which is nearby.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>JH46
<Content>Great hotel, staff, location. We stayed here for our first trip to NY and found it a very comfortable room, excellent bed, large bathroom, quiet in room, and super friendly staff. Helpful concierge, reception - no hassle check in / out, doormen found cabs, checked them for left items and secure doors/trunk ! There is a good selection of diners / restaurants nearby which are cheaper than the hotel food. The location is ideal for tourists, walkable to most sights, or the hopper bus, shows, etc. Ditch the car and take a cab or subway, as parking is expensive. Anyway driving is manic and who needs that on holiday? There is a small park opposite the hotel bar, nice to sit in for an evening smoke! For us (a 40 something couple on a 3 day tourist trip) this was absolutely ideal and hassle free choice. Top tips: eat out, ESB early, harbour cruise on hot afternoon, Guggenheim anytime, Macey's do discounts for foreigners ask at any till, and ask, ask, ask, - everyone was really keen that we have a great time!  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ChiswickTurnhamGreen
<Content>Can these reviews be true?.... Yes, they can be true - really great place.We stayed in May for 5 nights, (paid for and) got a room on the 27th floor - well worth the extra money.What makes this hotel great? We experienced, first hand, all of the following:- great welcome at check in at midnight, quick and easy - no big forms to fill out (9/10 marks)- staff (almost) always on hand, behind the counter but also - critically - in the lobby area - also very willing to help - this is really different (10/10)- modern, comfortable, well designed, large (for NYC) rooms (8/10)- great room service (9/10) - spotless- little to no noise from street outside or adjacent rooms (9/10)- friendly staff almost always smiling or saying hi (9/10)- free internet in the lobby (3 terminals - could do with 2 more) (7/10)- ok concierge (5/10)- ok bar - (dreadful bar nibbles - -pls change them!) (4/10)Finally, hints:1. if you don't like your room view ask to change - i changed from view of building site (N view) to perfect view of the Chrysler building (SW view).2. check out the Blue Bar at the Algonquin next door - fab martinis3. your hotel is 5 doors from the best breakfast place in the area - check it out - the Red Flame (67 West 44th Street - towards 6th Av) - poached eggs good, waffles better!  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Dave_Webb
<Content>Great Stay in New York Having stayed in Sofitel hotels in Europe we booked this on personal knowledge along with the reviews on TripAdvisor. We weren't disappointed and spent 4 great nights in New York. The hotel is ideally situated and the rooms are very spacious. The staff were very friendly and extremely professional and we even made use of the room service which I normally avoid.We would certainly stay here again and would recommend it to our friends.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CarnarvonBoy
<Content>Not bad but not exciting       view from room 25th floor  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>eddyboylip
<Content>Excellent!! We stayed at the Sofitel for 4 nights in Januuary. The stafff on arrival were very friendly, the lobby was immaculate. We were a Little disappointed we wasnt on a high floor for the views but that is my only complaint. The room was very clean and spacious, and the beds are amazing, the most comfortable bed i have ever stayed in. seriously!! The bathrooms are very grand. Excellent! The maids are very thorough, and the turn down service is also a nice touch. The location is excellent too. Not to far from anywhere. We had breakfastevery morning at the cafe a few doors down, very good service . very good food! We would definately stay at the Sofitel again.  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cjbailey
<Content>Nice hotel and great location We booked a room on Priceline and were pleased with the selection of Sofitel. Our room had no view, but was very quiet, great for sleepingand comfortably appointed. Marble bathroom was very upscale. The lounge area was very relaxing and friendly and the hotel staff was attentive.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Kokes
<Content>Loved the Sofitel The Sofitel is a fantastic hotel. Believe what you read on trip advisor about the beds - they are so comfortable! Gorgeous fluffy duvets and pillows which make for a great night's sleep - along with the quiet rooms (I couldn't believe we were in Manhattan!) with no street noise and none of the usual banging of doors which you can often get in hotels. Staff were friendly and courteous. Lobby is gorgeous and the rooms are finished to a great standard with beautiful large bathrooms. Only thing missing for me was tea and coffee making facilities in the room. The location is great - 2 seconds from 5th avenue shops and 2 minutes from Times Square. As per the other reviews we visited the red flame diner for breakfast which was OK if you want the whole american diner experience with no frills. For something a bit more refined try the cafe 57 on 6th avenue right near central park - it's lovely and they do a great and very reasonable brunch with everything from fruit and granola to eggs and pancakes. Beautiful atmosphere too. Overall the Sofitel was gorgeous and I'd definitely recommend staying there.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jessica
<Content>Okay hotel - Amazing Staff and service - No pool We stayed at this hotel with our children. The hotel is smart and with probably the best hotel staff in the world. I think the staff makes the hotel. The staff just cannot do enough for you. They remember our names every day of the five days we were there. The hotel manager or whoever trained the staff should be commended. The hotel itself is just okay, clean, smart, you have to pay for the gym, and $35 for parking with no in and out priviledges, so if you park the car now and go out 10 minutes later, its another $35. Yikes. manhattan, all you can see are walls of the next building. We got upgraded to a better room. The rooms are small, and the bed was very small. The staff however gave us another double bed in the room. There is absolutely no view being in MThe hotel doesnt have a pool and apart from using the gym or sit in the lobby, there is nothing else to do in the hotel. Will not stay there again. I like my hotel to have a pool, jacuzzi, steam room and spa.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>uk~young~traveller
<Content>Great location  We visited New York for the 1st time and wanted to stay somewhere nice! compared to the cost of most hotels in manhatten the sofitel was definetly worth every penney, especially with so many to choose from! the hotel is quite small compared to some hotels, and has an intimate atmoshpere!The staff were very pleasant and friendly. Our room was a good size, bigger than we expected for New York and from our window we could see both the Empire state  Crysler Builing!! The bathroom was very spacious and open, with both a bath  a seperate shower, with marble decoration. The bed is possible the most comfortable i have ever slept in, perfect after a day traipsing round the city!The hotel's location was also ideal, with most things an easy walk away! with such a location we were amazed by the quietness of the room, Being on the 18th floor we couldn't hear a peep!I definietly reccommend this hotel, and would love to go back.  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>collywobbles
<Content>Super-duper Sofitel I booked this hotel as a suprise 30th birthday treat for my husband, and as he knew nothing about it I was somewhat worried about picking the wrong hotel - so I relied upon Trip Advisor for a recommendation.It cost more than I wanted to pay, but after researching prices of similar hotels in New York, I quickly recognised the price was neither expensive nor cheap.I arranged for the Sofitel to get a limo to pick us up from JFK, and whilst it was a good experience it did cost $154, whilst a yellow cab costs just $45 (fixed rate).I mailed the hotel in advance to ask about champagne being delivered to the room (as we arrived on hubbie's actual 30th birthday), and was given a price-list and order form. They wanted quite a bit so I chose not to bother, but in the evening a free bottle of bubbly arrived with a birthday note!We arrived at noon, and were told none of the rooms were ready so we would have to come back at 3pm, so the receptionist recommended we visit Central Park - which we did, and then upon returning at 3pm we had to wait another 45 minutes as the computers were being backed up. But when we finally got to our room, it was just perfect.Really clean, bed was the comfiest I have ever slept in, the bathroom was luxurious, there were slippers and robes, the usual TV, mini-bar (expensive) and safe. The rooms were checked/cleaned twice a day, and evian water appeared in the evenings - they didn't bother folding pyjamas though, and we found ours screwed up in various places! We paid for the higher rooms, and the view was good - typical New York.Reception were helpful, and the clientele was very broad - tourists and business-people mixed without any issue.We used the concierge a number of times, and they helped us with directions, restaurant reservations and helped us plan a baseball match trip.We didn't use the hotel restaurants, as there are so many other places to eat - for breakfast most days we went to the Red Flame Diner just a few doors down, as it was always full and the food was tasty but cheap.As this was our first trip to New York, we did the usual tourist things - Central Park (took a pony trip - very expensive for what you actually get), Empire state building and Statue of Liberty (note - if you want to avoid long queues make sure you get there really really early (we were the 5th/6th people onto the Statue of Liberty). Also took the Red Hopper Bus (but got very busy, and they all expect you to tip - which becomes expensive when you get on and off at every stop!), went to a Mets baseball game, visited Ground Zero which was quite moving. We went over to Brooklyn one evening to look at the Manhattan skyline by night (head for the River Cafe, but instead of paying a minum of $25 per person for high-class stuffy food wearing a jacket, check out the neighbouring boardway which offers exactly the same view for free) - quite incredible, but we felt a bit unsafe walking back to the subway.We ended up buying a weekly subway pass - it didn't cost much and we used it loads - I think you can use any subway or bus anywhere you want within New York within the one week period.We'll definitely be coming back to New York - and when we do, the Sofitel will be where we stay.  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ManchesterPammy
<Content>The Sofitel is 'Wonderfel' Long live Trip Advisor! I wouldn't travel anywhere without consulting it first and have recommended it to soo many people. I can't really anything more to the rave reviews about this hotel except to say I was delighted that it lived up to and beyond expectations. Do yourself a favour, please, please book a table at The River Cafe in Brooklyn (but do it before you leave home). You can walk across the bridge, as we did, then double back to the water's edge where this 'barge' restaurant is located. The food was wonderful but the view of the Manhattan Skyline was priceless and there's not a bad seat in the house.Oh, and on the day before we came home, a guy got in the elevator with us and was chatting away to my husband because I'd lost the power of speech. After he got out I told my hubby it was Billy Bob Thornton but he did'nt know who he was! (One of the staff confirmed it). So if it's good enough for Billy Bob..............  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Midnightblue
<Content>Great hotel, great location We stayed here for a week to visit new york. The location is excellent 2 minutes from times square. The staff were all very good the conceirge always spot on with his choices of restaurants. Would recommned this hotel. We usually like to heat outside of the hotel as this offers better choice and better quality, however we did eat in the restaurant on one occasion and found the food to be very good.  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Phil12
<Content>On the Way Down I have stayed at this hotel several times during the past few years and have found it clean, a great location, and very affordable. This four day visit however was very disappointing. The shower was not working correctly and sprayed most of the bathroom. The door did not work at all and a curtain had been supplied. When I arrived the safe was working and after two days it broke, and there was not effort to fix it. At the instruction of the front desk, I delivered my valuables to the clerk in the morning and on my return that evening, the envelope was still on the desk behind the clerks. Also, on my arrival, my television was not working for all the local stations, and this was not repaired until the third day of my visit. All in all, not a very good experience.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>elegantraveller
<Content>Still our favourite place to stay in NYC We love staying at the Sofitel for many of the same reasons as other tripadvisor contributors - namely the location, the terrific beds, nice bathrooms and the proximity to the Red Flame diner (!) This time there was a small niggle though - arriving in room 915, we assumed the previous occupant must have enjoyed some room service meals, for there was a distinct odour of stale cooking. Never mind - we set the airconditioning a little fiercer than usual and thought it improved - except that each time we returned to our room, it was still there. It would appear that this is one of several rooms overlooking an outdoor vent at a slightly lower level - possibly from a kitchen?It wasn't enough to spoil our (short) stay, but each time we returned to our room, I rather wished I had taken action and rejected it when we arrived. I will do so next time!  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>prs1120
<Content>Sofitel - top notch location and service We stayed at the Sofitel 4 nights to celebrate my wife's 40th birthday. Everyone we came in contact with, from the doorman, to the desk person, to the restaurant staff went out of their way to be friendly and accommodating. Plenty of French accents, but no stuffiness! The lobby is spacious with plenty of comfy chairs and several computer/internet terminals. The room was not overly large, but had everything we could want, and was very nicely decorated. The bathroom was very large, with separate bath and shower, robes, slippers, etc. There were plenty of great bars and restaurants in the same block, and it was just a short walk to Times Square. I can't imagine a better experience.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>strabaneman
<Content>Sofitel is Great! Sofitel is excellent-if you want a hotel which is perfectly situated,with very comfortable and quiet rooms,then dont look any further.I booked it after reading the reviews on trip advisor and i couldnt have been happier.The moment we arrived we were made very welcome.The room was very clean,the bed was excellent,the bathroom was great and the hotel was comfortable and an oasis in the middle of manhattan.5th avenue is a few steps away and the empire state building,rockafeller centre,macys,central park etc are all easily accessible on foot.Had breakfast each morning in the red flame 4 doors away from the hotel-perfect for a new york experience!I would definitely stay in sofitel new york again.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tabbykins
<Content>A great choice for our first visit to New York Difficult to know what to add to the positive reviews already posted. I had mixed feelings coming to New York as I did not think that the city or this hotel would be my thing. How wrong I was!! We had a beautiful, spacious suite on the 25th floor with views toward the Rock. I think the floor was an upgrade as I think you are meant to pay extra for the top floors  we didn't, just requested one if possible. Our stay was for a week. Everything in the hotel done very efficently for you with a minimun of fuss. The hotel is very European in feel, I thought that may be a mistake for us as coming from Europe to NY for the first time perhaps we should have gone for something less European in feel but we loved the Sofitel so 'Je ne regrette rien!' A lot has to do with perspective  expectations. The Sofitel is a great deal, even for a suite upgrade, coming from UK with the present exchange rate. Visitors from inside the USA may feel differently. Also, I have no idea how it compares with other hotels in New York. I did my research on TA  after reading the reviews for this  many other hotels, this seemed like the best bet. It certainly worked for us. I loved New York  the Sofitel added to our enjoyment. Result!!  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>ravenna
<Content>Excellent Experience My wife and I stayed here five nights and had no issues. The Sofitel has a great location, perfect for knocking around the neighborhood or going uptown or downtown. The room (2104) was well appointed, extremely quiet and had a nice city view. The marble shower had plenty of pressure and hot water. The bed was outrageously comfortable. The staff were courteous and helpful. The bellmen were so efficient that a taxi, even on a rainy evening, was never hard to come by.We found the quality of room service to be very good andenjoyed a nice meal at Restaurant Gaby. That being said, keep in mind that Chef Daniel Boulud has a bistro only a few doors down that serves breakfast, lunch and dinner with excellence. We cannot give a single reason why we would not return to the Sofitel next time we visit NYC.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>caz1979
<Content>Fantastic! My fiance booked the Sofitel for 4 nights at the end of March/start of April as a birthday pressie combined with getting my engagement ring at Tiffany  Co. As others have done in the past, we subtly mentioned we were here for an occassion but alas no champage. What we did get though was room 2820. 28th floor, only 3 rooms at this particular side of the hotel and boy what a view! The TV was a bit old, not a great deal in the way of storage space but the room was the best I have seen yet even compared to the Fairmont in Toronto. Kudos to whoever makes those beds as they were the best nights sleep I have ever had. The bathroom was to die for and in a moment of nosiness I eventually figured out the knob in the bathroom was great for knowing what the other half was was watching on TV. The location was amazing with Central Park, Empire State, 5th  6th, Broadway and Times Square all within walking distance although if you do walk to Central Park I'd advise stopping for coffee half way as it is quite far. We received complimentary turn down and 2 bottles of Evian every evening plus the weather forcast for the following day but no chocolates - probably just as well.New York itself wasn't a total let down but I think the weather was very kind to us which helped. Guys, if you're thinking about getting a nice piece of jewellery for your other half (especially the diamond ring variety) definately visit Tiffany on 5th near Central Park. 3 glasses of champagne later and I had the most beautiful engagement ring that would have cost double in the UK.Other things to do/visit - Red Flame (breakfast, lunch, dinner or midnight snack, this place was always welcoming and the selection and prices were great plus it wasn't all tourists there), Apple store on 5th, Grand Central Station (5 minute walk from the hotel). I, like others, found that the hotel staff thought we were made of money when it came to recommending restaurants. I don't think jeans  trainers helped our cause for door opening but when walking that much, I wasn't doing heels! One negative factor about the trip was the red NY sight-seeing buses. They were over priced, over crowded and at times you could have walked faster. Great for learning more about NY but a travellers guide would be cheaper and warmer. A crowd of 50+ (including us) were stranded for over an hour at Battery Park waiting to get home on a day when winter woolies were required but not worn. We were lucky enough to get on the bus home but had to sit upstairs (open-air) in freezing conditions or risk not getting home at all.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>jeffburgh
<Content>The best in Manhattan I've stayed here a couple of times, and it's easily (to me) the best hotel in Manhattan. The rooms are nicely done and always spotless. The restaurant is outstanding (even if I'm in Manhattan for the day, I go to their restaurant for dinner). Service was great - very helpful and courteous staff.It's just a very classy place where you feel very comfortable.It's not really a place for children, so if I'm in Manhattan with the family we stay at the Doubletree, but on business or for a couple, this is the best.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>guy999
<Content>beautiful european experience in NYC I recently returned from a amazing vacation over the last weekend in New York City. Part of the vacation was assisted by the fact that this was the best whether that New York is apparently had in the last three months.The best part of the vacation was our hotel, and we had upgraded to a king-sized standard room instead of the suite. This was slightly more expensive at $400 a night but certainly worth it. We have the best bathroom that I have ever seen in New York City at this hotel.We also had a convenient lunch while we were waiting for our room because we arrived a little bit early. They were very helpful and moved us up a couple of floors and also gave us a much better view so that directly out of our window was the Empire State building. However, we went on three tours while we were in New York City and let me tell you that everyone there on each of these tours feels that you really need to look at the Empire State building so I have pretty much seen it in every view the you can possibly see and likely have at least 50 to 60 pictures just because of the number of times that was mentioned and I much like a lemming feel the need to take a picture each and every time.The bedding is sumptuous, the room is very comfortable. the only thing I would have liked is that I would've greatly appreciated having free Internet access in the hotel room. There is no information on the hotel website to indicate whether or not the Internet is free or not however I have discovered that virtually all the hotels that I stay at that are in the $200-$400 price range never include free Internet. Oddly when I stay at hotels in the $50-$75 range they always include free Internet.I would recommend joining the membership club as well because of the expense of the hotel I have quite a substantial amount of points now with the membership club and will recommend everyone to join because it does enable you to have a late checkout and also provides you with two free drinks. Unfortunately by the time that they gave us the to free drinks we are he had a complete meal in a restaurant and we never got around to returning back to the restaurant and having another drink because of our entire vacation we were on the go.This is one of the top hotels I've ever stayed at including throughout Europe. In the room was standard size unlike most of the hotels I stay at in New York which are extremely small and I would highly recommend that you stay here for just about anything.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Scarbs
<Content>Disappointed I booked a trip for my girlfriend and i to NYC, and chose the Sofitelbased mostly on the reviews i had read on this website. Overall, i was slightly disappointed with what we got. The location was excellent and good for the subway. I found the concierge below par with the staff acting like we had money to burn when it came to booking things. On one occassion a member of the door staff was texting on his mobile instead of opening the door for us. When you are paying top dollar to stay in a top hotel i expect the front door to the hotel to be opened for us. 80% of the time, this was not done.I also felt that because i wasn't swanning around in a suit that i was looked down on by staff, and that my trainers and jeans lowered the tone. Our bath robes mysteriously disappeared on the second day not to be returned and cleaning staff entered our room without knocking on one occassion. The room size was ok, not much of a view and there was some road noise getting through - we were 18th floor. The TV in the room was a good 10 year old set. Bathroom was a good size though and well equipped. The gym was ok (no swimming pool, jacuzzi or sauna though) with up to date machines and a small selection of free weights. My overall experience was that my expectations were not fully met  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>SE-Explorer
<Content>Quiet, Classy Oasis       Room 1918/north facing window  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jodean1979
<Content>Wonderful Hotel in a Good City Stayed in Sofitel New York from 6 - 11 April 07 was greeted by very friendly staff and very professional staff. Upon arrival I was able to change Travellers Cheques without charges up to $200 but as I wanted more they said that on the 1st exchange only they would do this for $400 (had I known how little we would spend I would not have put the lady at reception out.) We were there for an easter break, both me and my partner really found the hotel to be the best location wise, cleanliness, friendliness and so on I cannot praise Sofitel enough for keeping French Front of House staff to retain that consistently high level of service.If you have booked to stay at the Sofitel New York you will not go away disappointed. New York may not be what you are expecting but the hotel will be!Found New York to be so so. It is not a city we could fall in love with such as Paris but it is okay and enjoyed the stay. Well worth a visit but not much in the way of romantic essence especially not at The Empire State Building as I thought there would be here if no where!The Empire State Building is okay, it is a construction site inside and not only do you queue to get up but you queue to get down too and Top of The Rock at Rockerfeller Centre is far better, much closer to the essence of New York I was expecting and more professionally managed.As other reviewers have said if you are due to stay at the Sofitel anywhere in the world it is well worth getting yourself a Sofitel Privilege Card in advance - takes about 3 weeks to arrive but if you apply online there are no fees and you can ring France obtain your card number and expiry as I did and quote upon arrival or booking in order to gain you can get your free drinks on arrival and 4pm check out without hassle. You need to ring France to get your details if they don't arrive in time number on their website.Didn't spend much as food was relatively inexpensive best meal and most expensive meal we had was at Grand Central Station in the restaurant opposite Jordon Steak House, can't remember the name something like Caprianio. Also The Red Flame Diner a few doors down from the Sofitel is excellent for a cheap and cheerful meal but a bit of a nightmare at breakfast time very busy but that just goes to show how good it is not just tourists either.All in all a very nice experience both of New York and Sofitel. But everyone's tastes are always different but the hotel most certainly will be favoured by the majority but the jury is still out on New York.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>msruckus
<Content>Great Priceline win This was an excellent win on Priceline. We were pleasantly surprised by how lovely the hotel is. The lobby is attractive, pleasant and comfortable (though not scene-y, no real people watching). The room, while small, was well designed, attractive and appealing. The bathroom was huge by NY standards. There were cool little touches, like the speaker in the bathroom for the TV, so you could listen to the game while you were getting ready. The location couldn't be beat - right in mid-town, close to 5th Avenue shopping, easy access to everything. I would stay at this hotel again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>TravlingBard
<Content>Sweet Dreams We stayed here for two nights after 2 nights on the West Side. It was good to be in the midst of the action of Times Square and convenient to Broadway shows. We walked to ours and saw the Drowsy Chaperone which was highly entertaining and funny. The view on the 20th floor was fine, not great, but we did not care to pay a premium for great. The room was well appointed with space to place clothing in drawers, and a decent sized closet. Very nice art and lighting. One neat feature was the speaker in the bathroom that lets you hear what your partner is watching on TV, or turn it off for peaceful bathing. The bed was fantastic, formidable as they say in French. The service was superbe - one actually felt that the staff really cared if you had a wonderful restful visit. I had the feeling they'd be very nice about letting one practice one's French too. Not Parisians evidently. We were obliged with a late checkout on a miserably rainy Sunday - the day set a record for rain in Central Park - so we enjoyed being able to sleep half the day, something that turned out to be particularly beneficial later in the airport when we were delayed from departing until midnight and our flight turned into a redeye. We are both early risers but not at this hotel. The concierge gave very good leads - Rene in particular. The concierge got us GREAT tickets to the B'way show center orchestra 7 rows from the front, which I booked with them by phone a month before after I had booked the room. Outstanding food at Gaby's in the lobby. Also Junior's has opened a location on 45th nearby for what's often referred to as the best cheesecake in NYC not to mention other excellent traditional deli. We caught wonderful jazz by Christian Finger band at Cornelia St. Cafe in Greenwich village, and the food was great there too, with an eye to organic and low-fat. Some of the best entertainment was in the subway, of course. The lobby sports three computers with a super fast connection so no need to bring the laptop. Occasionally they all get busy but one opens up relatively quickly. I've seen more spectacular lobbies but this one is well dressed and very pretty. Kind of strange to say this but this very French hotel offers a quintessential NYC experience, and reminds me of my best times in the French countryside while providing a haven in the City. Very satisfied.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lucho74
<Content>fine I've been ther with my wife and my little boy (5 years old) for a one night stay in april 2007.It was fine.Very well located, prise as reasonnable as possible in this area, room very clean, and nice, bathroom as nice as the room. Service is fine. The breakfast restaurant is beautiful, but may be the break ast is too expensive, that's my only bad observation. A good address, definitly  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cameron28
<Content>Fabulous Hotel - Highly recommended for a first trip to NY My husband and I have just returned from a 6 night trip to NY. We chose the Sofitel purely on Trip Advisor recommendations and we certainly weren't disappointed.The hotel is in a great location - we could walk to all the main sights - only had to get the metro once to go to Ground Zero/Statue of Liberty. Times Square is only 5 mins walk away and must be seen at night. Loads of great restaurants nearby - can recommend Resette (Italian) and Mr K's (Chinese) and Red Flame for breakfast - all you can eat for about 拢5 and very, very good - especially the pancakes. Would recommend having a drink in the revolving bar at the top of the Marriott Marquis hotel in Times Square, for panoramic views of the city at night - spectacular. Also tea at the Waldorf and a visit to Carnegie Hall - the famous concert hall.The hotel itself was faultless - staff very friendly and the concierge terrific - they recommended and booked all our restaurants. Also the bed was the most comfy we have ever stayed in and it was exceptionally quiet considering its location. Can't recomend this hotel enough really.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>terps82770
<Content>FABULOUS!!!!!! My husband and I stayed at the Sofitel for a getaway (from three kids) weekend. It was our first time in New York and, I have to say, our experience could not have been better!! The room was immaculate, the service impeccable (the concierge and the doormen were WONDERFUL). The entire hotel was a class act from arrival to departure. The location could not have been better - 10 minute walk to a Broadway show, Times Square or a number of fabulous restaurants. Tony's di napoli was, by far, the best Italian food we have ever had and had a wonderful atmosphere.  I have to mention the beds at the Sofitel. Down pillows, down comforter, down pillow top - need I say more? We actually napped for a few hours after a day of shopping on nearby 5th Avenue just because the beds were so amazing and PLUSH. We are ordering the pillows from the Sofitel shop for our bed at home. The entire hotel was sophisticated and beautiful - we very much enjoyed the art deco decor. I loved the fresh flowers and candlelight. The rooms are not enormous (although the bathrooms have a separate tub and shower along with marbled floors), but WHO CARES when you can sleep in the bed as if you were at home. More than worth it. We will not stay anywhere else for our future trips.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gburglady
<Content>Lovely hotel, excellent location, A+ experience       Lovely bathroom  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KSergey
<Content>Flowers Waltz       The Bedroom-2  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SusaB
<Content>Excellent Hotel My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights over Easter weekend. Webooked the hotel through Priceline. This is an excellent hotel witha superb location and outstanding service. We arrived before the 3PM check in time and were given a room on the 3rd floor with a queen size bed. The person who checked us in claimed there were no king size beds available and said we could upgrade to a King suite for $100 per night, which we declined. The room overlooked some kind of power unit and I could hear the muffled sound. I went down and asked for another room to no avail. Later I approached another person at the desk who assured us we could get a room with a King size bed the next day. This room was on the 14th floor and much more desirable. Every night they left two bottles of Evian and a small box of chocolates. The bathroom is lovely and there is nothing negative I can say about this hotel. A wonderful property and you can't beat the location. We easily walked to theater district, Fifth Avenue shopping, etc etc.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Jacol
<Content>Absolutely Perfect Just returned from a week long stay at the Sofitel visiting our son.The weather was absolutely freezing but the hotel was wonderful and exactly as described in previous reviews. Having walked every inch ofManhattan, including the Brooklyn Bridge (a must at dusk to see the lights come on in Manhattan), it was a joy to get back and relax in our gorgeous bed! We signed up for a privilege card and were upgradedto a room on the 21st floor with an amazing view of the Chrysler Building and were given vouchers for two free drinks in the bar and late checkout. Can highly recommend doing this. We took breakfast either in our room or in the Gaby Restaurant and the little extras and attention to detail made it well worth the money. Our son works in SoHo and took us to many trendy cafes and restaurants inGreenwich, SoHo, Alphabet City and East Side, which we would have missed on our own. They may look scruffy on the outside but are packed with locals and ooze atmosphere, especially for the younger visitor. I can't remember all the names but we lunched at Chat 'n Chew at 10 East 16th St and had dinner one night at Esperanto Restaurant in Alphabet City, as well as quaint French and Italian restaurants. Be sure to also visit Cafe Lalo at 201 W 83rd St on the Corner of Amsterdam Avenue where 'You Got Mail' was filmed. Our first day we took a 'New York Party Shuttle Bus' tour which I can heartily recommend. The small bus with guide takes you all around Manhattan including the Statten Island Ferry and Ground Zero and the guide gives a personal insight into the whole of Manhattan. Check out their website. On returning to the airport the doormen arranged for us to travel in the black limousine shared with a neighbouring hotel, costing 65 dollars including tolls, and worth the extra for the comfort. From the hotel we could walk to Grand Central, Empire State Building, Rockerfeller Centre (the views from the top are as good if not better than the Empire State, and the queues are a lot less - again dusk is a popular time to see the city in daylight and as the lights come on), Chrysler Building, Times Square, Maceys, etc,making it the perfect location. I'm glad we didn't stay in Times Square as this gets very busy and noisy but a cut price show can be booked at the TKTS booth now by Drowsy Chaperone (didn't see this show but it was recommended to us). New Yorkers are very friendly and helpful and the city felt very safe. Apart from the weather we had an absolutely wonderful stay in New York.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>doremifaso
<Content>Above average, yes. Best hotel in New York? No. We have not long returned from the Sofitel and found it above average,. but not much more. I am surprised that it ranks so highly, to be honest. It is clean, well situated and the staff were helpful on the whole, but there was little to distinguish it from other hotels of its ilk - the Parker Meridien, for example matches the Sofitel and has a rooftop pool, too! It met our needs and was pretty good value for money, but was resolutely unremarkable overall.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Buster123
<Content>Really lovely       Bedroom  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WolfCobh
<Content>First time in New York - and First Class Hotel experience! My wife and I (both in mid-40s) stayed in the Sofitel for 7 nights. The overall experience was fantastic! The room was spacious (!!), high up, with top view, modern design, a bed that you did not want to get out of (what comfort!!), and was being cleaned and serviced each day par excellence! Free water and (what indulgence) free chocolates every day. The staff was friendly and attentive. And the restaurant offered really excellent food (yes, we had dinner there twice, despite hundreds of other choices)! Few people go for the breakfast, though, as there are lots of places around with good choices. The location is fantastic! 5 minutes to Times Square/Broadway, 10 minutes to the central bus stations and the Port terminal, and 5th Avenue just around the corner. You are right at the edge of all what makes NY so exciting! We will come back to this hotel next time!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jross46
<Content>little touches everywhere This was my second stay at Sofitel. Both times were delightful. The doorman recognized me after the first time, and was so friendly and polite, Always a pleasure Madam and Welcome back Madam. I love that. Flowers everywhere. Beautifully clean. Lovely bathrooms with marble - separate shower and tub. Bathrobe and slippers. The basic continental room service breakfast was also lovely. I know there are many other raving reviews for this hotel, but I had to add my two cents. Beds are comfortable, sheets nice quality, maid service excellent, complimentary bottled water, all things the other reviews mention. it's worth the exra few bucks. My friend stayed at the Parker Meridien and it wasnt half as nice, but comparable cost.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ZedZedH
<Content>Excellent This is a GREAT four star hotel. I think it's important to clarify that -- it's a FOUR STAR hotel. It's totally not the Four Seasons or anything else that is five star, so I don't understand why people go there expecting it to be at that level. However, if you accept that it's a four star hotel, you'll probably find it's the BEST four star hotel in Manhattan.Stayed there for a week during late March this year, and had an absolutely lovely time. Absolutely no dramas during our stay, and we found everything to be clean, efficient, well managed and friendly. I booked a King Suite via their website on the '3 night getaway' rate, which was tremendously good value. The 7 full nights in this massive 650 square foot suite was just 2942 USD, which is remarkable value for a room this size in New York in my opinion. The suite itself was absolutely lovely. Plenty of room to relax in, which is vitally important if you are in New York for a blazing 7 day tourism extravaganza, and you come home heavily laden with shopping bags every day :) Rooms in NY tend to be a bit smaller than other cities around the world, so this wasn't the largest suite I'd ever been in, but it was an okay size. Of particular note is the bathroom, which had the most wonderful deep soaking bath tub that we made good use of almost every day.Concierge was excellent -- we wandered down to Daniel and said we needed a nice restaurant to have dinner in on Saturday night before our Broadway show, and he very quickly got us into an award winning restaurant nearby. His efficiency and professionalism was quite amazing.Reception was also fantastic, but it depended on who you spoke to. Brook / Brooke was absolutely sensational. She had so much enthusiasm and was so incredibly friendly, that we couldn't help but have a huge smile on our faces as we checked in. Every time I needed to come down to reception, if I saw Brook I would make a bee line for her because she was so lovely.The bed -- oh my goodness. Yes, people rave about the Sofitel bed and I was always like sure, whatever, but then I got in this one and I totally understand what everyone is on about! They put this very VERY soft featherbed thingy on top of the mattress, and it turns the bed into an absolute slice of heaven. We were often thinking about it while we were out and about :) Great down pillows too.Room service was good, although they did make a mistake once, but quickly rectified it without any hassle. The food was very nice.The downstairs restaurant has been badly slated in past reviews, but we ate dinner there on our first night and found it to be very nice, although the service was a touch slow. We cannot comment on the breakfast because we never ate it there. For breakfast, as has been mentioned in previous reviews, head down the street to the Red Flame Restaurant. This is a kind of 'diner' with lovely big breakfasts, fast service, and a real cool New York street ambience. People come in and queue up at the take-out counter for bagels and coffee, while we sat in one of the numerous booths and just soaked it all up. The waitresses may not be Minnesota nice, but they are super fast and efficient, and ice cold water will be on your table just as you sit, with coffee not far behind it. We had breakfast there every morning, trying different specials and can recommend a stack of things! (great poached eggs, home fries, omelettes)Okay, back to the hotel!Niggles: the cupboard for hanging your clothes in was very small, especially for a suite. However, we managed to get by. We didn't get a fabulous view, even though we were on the top floor. The view was of some unrecognisable buildings, so if you want a view of Chrysler (which you can absolutely get from this hotel) please make sure you request precisely that well in advance.The water pressure in the shower was perhaps below average.On the whole, we had a wonderful stay here and I cannot give this hotel anything less than full marks. I would have paid two to three times the price at the Four Seasons, and I'm sure the experience would not have been that much more comfortable to warrant it. They have great staff at the Sofitel, it's in a fabulously convenient location, and our time there was hassle free and completely pampered. What more can you ask for? Get it on a good rate, and stay there!!!!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tommer1
<Content>Bravo Sofitel!!!!!!!!!!! I opted for this hotel after the mainly positive reviews posted on trip advisor. I am one who can be a harsh critic and when I'm spending my money. I have an attitude that I should get what I paid for and I'm entitled to premium service. We have stayed at numerous hotels around the world some better than others. New York City based on experience is a place that can be dicey when it comes to accommodations. In many cases the room was OK the staff not so hot, location etc....never have we stayed at a place that put it all together.That is until we stayed at the Sofitel, from the minute we arrived to our departure this hotel has found the formula. An excellent attentive staff that genuinely seem to care how not just your stay is but how your overall trip is going. Polite, professional, conscientious, dedicated are only a few of the many QUALITIES I could use to describe their team.If anyone was considering getting into the hotel industry they would be wise to go and stay at Sofitel for a week to get an understanding of how a hotel should be run.The rooms were stylishly furnished, immaculately clean, the bed comfortable with basically no street noise. The location was proximate to everything New York has to offer. There is no doubt when we return to NY where we will be staying. As a matter of fact I was so impressed with this place we would build our vacation time around the hotels availability.Bravo Sofitel!!!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LondonDebsUK
<Content>Fantastic Service My partner and I stayed at the Sofitel for 7 days whilst I attended a conference. I booked direct with the hotel and we were upgraded for free. Our room was on the 23rd floor, a good size and the bed was really comfortable. The location is superb for times square, empire state building and of course shopping! What really set this hotel apart for us was the level of service we recieved from room service to housekeeping everyone went the extra mile. One downside the hotel restaurant is expensive for food and drink. We had a great stay and would highly recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mostyn7
<Content>Chilly Easter but a warm welcome My third visit to New York and the best hotel yet. We were upgraded to a higher floor and had a peaceful 6 night stay in a briiliant hotel. The rooms was the biggest I have stayed in in NY, wonderfully clean and well kept with the most comfortable and cozy bed. This was particularly welcome as NY was having the coldest Easter for several years with an average temp of 2-3oC.We did eat breakfast twice at the hotel in Gaby - it was more expensive than at the Red Flame diner three doors down but certainly a better experience. The Concierge gave some excellent dinner recommendations and we had several memorable meals.We do not normally stay at 'chain' hotels but I would recommend the Sofitel for its extremely high standards and friendly and helpful staff.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelllers
<Content>great hotel, service, location etc very fine hotel on a fantastic location. Concierge very helpfull, all other personnell very good to. Extremely clean. no complaints at all. Equal to high end hotels in other major cities as Tokyo or Paris. Would definetely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jjuliannaa
<Content>Sofitel was a relaxing          Room  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>basnight
<Content>A near perfect stay! I stayed with the wife for a long weekend and picked the Sofitel based on the reviews from this site and I couldn't have been happier with my choice. 5 years ago I made the mistake of staying at the Waldorf Astoria and vowed never to get ripped off again in NYC. The rate from theSofitel website averaged under three hundred a night which is very competitive. Loved the close proximity to the theatre district and 5th Ave. The staff was friendly and when we thought our first room smelled like smoke the woman who checked us in brought up our new room keys personally and in an instant. The lobby is art-deco beautiful and there is free internet access on 3 hotel computers 24 hours a day. I particularly liked the gym. It was bigger than most hotel gyms, had TV's with all cardio equipment, free headphones, and the gym was complementary ( unlike a lot of NY hotels which charge extra or make you walk to an adjoining health club ). The only negatives were that the hotel TV did not get ESPN ( it was NCAA tourney weekend ) and the comfy bed does not have a sheet but a duvet only ). Other than those tidbits, I couldn't have been more pleased with my choice.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>qcmike
<Content>Best rated for a reason!       Nice view.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>pixiecat
<Content>Excellent stay at the Sofitel! Stayed for 3 nights in early March 07 - was in NYC for business. My bed was wonderful! Loved the extra-fluffy duvets and soft sheets. The bath was well-equiped  the shower had wonderful water pressure. Someone else mentioned that the staff's french accents were a bit pretentious - every time I talked to them I had to stiffle a giggle! It did seem a bit much... then again, everyone was very nice and helpful (not that I am a high-needs guest). Would have loved to have stayed longer - especially since work was paying! Lovely hotel, hope I get to return.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	4	5	4	1	

<Author>AnointedTraveler
<Content>One Word - Magnifique!!!!!!!!!!! 5 Star Experience My teenage daughter and I just spent her Spring Break week at the Sofitel. From the moment the car stopped in front of the hotel we were treated like royalty. Every guest is greeted as a welcomed loved one returning home from a journey. The greetings, smiles, and genuine attention to every service need or request underscores the superelative service of this hotel. I work in the travel service industry and travel to NY often and have stayed in many lovely hotels in and around Manhattan. With all of the state of the art bedding that is touted by other hotel chains, Sofitel's is far and away the most comfortable. I have chronic lower back pain and can only sleep on any mattress 5 hrs at a time. Well, I slept a full 8 hours on their wonderful bed w/o any kinks, crimps, or negative physical impacts. I fully intend to try and buy one of these beds for myself. My finicky and highly pampered teen ADORED the hotel. The internet access, the friendliness of the staff, and the superb room service - the food is fabulous- had her raving from the moment we entered the room. The delectable Lenotre chocolates each guest receives each evening helped to seal the deal that this is now the ONLY place my daughter wants to stay when we visit NY. Daniel -the best doorman on the planet, Ronald- The most informative and debonaire reservationist ever, Nick -the spot on bellman, and the the classy and helptul Concierge all underscore the serious commitment that the Sofitel makes to serving their customers. The lovely location, critic's choice cuisine, blissful bedding, and stupendous staff all underscore the Sofitel's universal appeal. Make the Sofitel your home base in NYC.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bellskee
<Content>I Should Have Danced All Night - because I couldn't sleep!! THE BED WAS AWFUL! I think we were sleeping on the box spring and an old one at that. It was so hard we called for extra duvets (feather filled, quite nice) hoping they would help soften the bed but it didn't work. The support of the mattress (box spring) was so broken down you rolled right off the side edges. I'm sure many of you know what I mean.The bathrooms were spectacular as was our view. Very nice lobby. But if you don't get any sleep the nice things are meaningless. For everyone else's sake, I hope we just got the BAD room in the hotel, Room 2008.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>needaroom
<Content>Great Location and very clean Stayed at Sofitel for 5 nights end of March. It was our first time to New York and we picked this Hotel from the great reviews we read on Trip Advisor. We certainly were not disappointed. Had Deluxe room on 20th floor. Room was so quiet and beds were so comfy!!!! Room was very clean and spacious. Found staff at reception and conceirge pleasant and helpful. Had breakfast at Gabys one morning but it was expensive. Also had breakfast at Red Flame Diner a few doors down but didn,t think it was anything to write home about. Found a great cafe at 43rd and Madisson for breakfast called Central Cafe. It is not like ReD Flame , in that it is food to go although there are a few tables and chairs where you can sit and eat. Great selection of fruits, juices etc. Would recomend Sofital and would certainly stay there again. Close to fifth avenue, Times Square etc. Had considered staying at Times Square but were very glad we didn,t. Sofital offers peaceful haven only 5 minute wail from all the action.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>BrooklynGirl4
<Content>I hate to whine, but..... I hate to whine, but although the overall experience was fine, there are a few minor points to make. When we checked in we were in a room on the 5th floor, on the 45th street side. The jackhammering was unbelievable. The noise was very disturbing. It began at about 7:30 AM. We asked nicely for another room and were moved to the 19th floor, specifically room 1901, on the same end of the hotel, although opposite side. The noise was less, but you could still hear it. On Saturday and Sunday morning, no noise...a VERY stark contrast to weekday jackhammering all day. We understand that the hotel has no control over this, but until the jackhammering is over, we will stay elsewhere on our next NY visit. I read on here about chocolates and turn down service. I believe that perhaps this is a selective service as we received turn down, but no chocolate! The staff was nice, room clean, great location, all else was fine.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gettingaround
<Content>a flagship for Sofitel this is an excellent hotel by the standards of both Sofitel and midtown New York: clean and quiet. Quite varied clientele.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Kendo
<Content>One of The Best Stayed here 4 nights, on our 3rd trip to NY. This is by far the best NY hotel we have stayed in, and one of best hotels overall. Very comfortable rooms, spotless, all mod cons, lovely bathrooms and very attentive staff. Nice view of the Chrysle building and a typical NY skyline. Great midtown location, minutes from 5th Ave  Times Sq (but far enough off the Sq to be not so tacky area!)Nice bar area and the breakfast was superb. Would definately reccomend this hotel and would defo stay here again  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>damonandtina
<Content>A couple oddities, but overall great! Although the Sofitel near Times Square has a couple odd quirks that keep it from gaining a 5-star rating, my daughter and I thoroughly enjoyed it on a recent visit and would gladly stay there again.Among the MANY positives of this hotel:-Wonderfully comfortable beds-Plush bath robes and great, thick towels-Very quiet atmosphere-Complimentary computers in the lobby to check e-mail-WONDERFUL bathroom with separate tub and shower-Great amenties and complimentary Evian water-Great location about 4 blocks from Times Square and 5 blocks from Rockefeller Plaza-In-room safes that are easy to operate-Great air conditioners that truly cool the room (a rarity in NYC, where most don't cool properly)-Friendly staff and housekeepingWith all these positives, you might think this the perfect NYC hotel, but then a few little missteps make you scratch your head and wonder what they were thinking:-NO COFFEE OR COFFEEMAKERS IN ROOMS!! An astoundingly strange oversight.-Evening turndown service, but no chocolates or mints on the beds. Picky, but for $350 a night,....?-Bathroom doors DO NOT have locks! This invites the uncomfortable possibilities of a couple oops moments on your vacation.-$350 a night seems about $50-$75 a night to steep for this quality of a hotel.-They took a $900 deposit on my credit card for incidentals, even though I had a PRE-PAID room!!!! Did they think I was going to eat the entire mini-bar,....twice?!?!This is a great hotel and worthy of staying at on your next trip. However, they've certainly left some t's not crossed and i's not dotted in their lack of attention to detail. With that said, however,very clean, very quiet and very nice.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	2	3	4	

<Author>rasowe
<Content>Fantastic experience! This is a fanastic hotel in a central location. So many New York hotels are overpriced with small rooms and unfriendly staff. This is not the case with the Sofitel. The rooms are spacious and clean with large comfortable beds and the staff are helpful and extremely personable. Although a bit more expensive than some hotels I would have no hesitation in recommending the Sofitel to anyone wishing to stay in New York.There is a diner a minute away called the Red Flame, (turn right out of the hotel), this is a fantastic place for a reasonably priced breakfast. Please try the Sofitel you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jorichards
<Content>chic stylish hotel with brilliant location Location is brilliant , in between 5th and 6th avenvue on 44th Street , 1 block to Times Square(2 minutes) , 10 minutes up to central park  saks / bloomingdales and 10 minutes down to empire state's building and Macys. The Hotel is very stylish and chic , not a theme park hotel like the Marriott times square. We arrived at 3am after a 5hour delay on Virgin atlantic flights in Heathrow to be shown to a 3rd floor King deluxe room , The room had no view  was very noisey as next to hotels airconditioning system , we stayed that night as we were knackered but at 8am the next morning they arranged to move us to 18th Floor deluxe king whilst we were out sight seeing. Sounds so silly and i can't beleive i am writing this but The beds  pillows are so comfortable,.The Gaby bar is nice but very very expensive we got a glass of wine each free with our Sofitel privelgde card welcome drinks voucher and liked the atmosphere so decided to order another wine each, but got a bit of a shock at the bill which was 拢20 for 2 glasses of wine . but hey this is a top end hotel in New York !!Amazing steak's at Del Frescos steakhouse around the corner on 49th Street which was recommended and booked by concerige at the hotel . Truely AMAZING!!!! 12oz fillet highly recommended , the following night we cancelled our reservation at the high end stuffy restaurant of the moment Craft after just 3 minutes in there to go back to Del Fresco. Concerige also told us about 2 diners for Breakfast brooklyn dinner around the corner and Red Flame  on the same street both very good , very cheap and very very flling!!I Would definatley recommend this as a top end Chic stylish quiet hotel, It is worth spending the extra 拢100 over a 3 days stay compared to the other Chain hotel, Enjoy  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lee4
<Content>Excellent hotel! My husband and I stayed at the Sofitel NYC for 3 nights and really enjoyed our stay. I must say that the bed is the most comfortable one I've ever slept in--I wanted to pack it up and take it home! The room itself was large (even by NYC standards) with a king bed, 2 chairs w/ ottoman, 2 nightstands, and a dresser/desk type table that held the TV and also had a mini-bar hidden inside. The bathroom was large with a shower and separate tub. The space around the sink was plentiful, with an extra shelf to store things on. The room also had a small closet, hair dryer, iron, ironing board, safe, robe, and slippers. The room was clean and we would happily stay there again. The hotel's location is excellent and it was easy to walk to many places in the mid-town area and to Times Square/Broadway. We saw Spamalot, which was on the same street, just 3 blocks or so away. Bryant Park is very close by and there are several subway stops nearby as well. Grand Central Station was also a quick walk away. Just a great stay!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	3	

<Author>Niklb
<Content>Memorable Fantastic, superb. I wont bother repeating all of the comments of others but, in brief, we stayed here on Honeymoon, had a free room upgrade (fantastic view), free champagne, and experienced superb staff service. If you are going to NYC on a short break, stay here. No arguments.PS I wouldnt go overboard on the Red Flame Diner though. If you fancy a walk, you must visit the Viand Coffee Shop at 673 Madison Avenue (between 61st St  62nd St) for a true New York experience. And dont be afraid to use the subway, its cheap, easy to use and safe.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>yaltachick
<Content>Nice stay at the Sofitel Room was lovely, had a view of the Empire State Building on the 20th floor. (Room number 2015). Chocolates every night and turn-down service was quite nice.Apparently there was an understaffing issue when it came to the room service staff, so I had quite a few delegates (we were there for a meeting) who hadn't had their linens changed, and weren't brought fresh towels. BIG mistake! Overall I'd say this hotel is lovely. If you're looking for a place that caters to a different kind of traveler (IE the CEO of your firm), this is the place. It's a bit pricey for tourists, but then again, what can you expect of a hotel two blocks away from Times Square?  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	5	2	5	

<Author>Djsban
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Staff....... Great City!!! Booked a 6 night break at the Sofitel through their website after receiving my Sofitel privilege card, we chose this hotel mainly because of the great reviews on this site and we were not disappointed. Right from the start all of the staff were very friendly and could not do enough to help you, especially Randy the Doorman, who would go out of his way to help you whenever he could.The room we had was a premier queen and whilst it wasn鈥檛 the largest room in New York it was big enough, very well equipped and very well decorated. Also has a medium sized bathroom, which had a large shower, but a small and shallow bathtub.The hotel is ideally located for exploring the city whether you want shopping on 5th Avenue, Times Square or access to the subway system. I would highly recommend this hotel. If you are planning on staying here I suggest applying for a privilege card first as this gives you complimentary late check out and also 1 free drink per person from the bar.... Not to be sniffed at, at hotel bar prices!!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>PeterMB
<Content>Number One This is by far one of the best hotels we have ever stayed in,!The staff are fantastic, polite and efficient, the rooms superb, and the food in the Gaby Restaurant is magnificent.The Hotel is in super area for getting about, walking distance to Times Square, Empire State and Central Park.I would heartlily recommend this Hotel to anyone who is planning a trip to NYC, you will have to go a long way, and pay a lot more to get better than this.Ten out of Ten  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>boboblonkey
<Content>Loved Sofitel Top notch. The girl who checked me in remembered my name days later. The room was super clean as was the bathroom.Being in Midtown it was a short walk to many, many things. The only thing it lacked was Old NY charm, as it's a contemporary French style.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>floridagirl50
<Content>Great Hotel My husband and I just spent 3 nights at the Sofitel New York. We loved it. The 44th Street location is wonderfull, walk one way to Times Square and the other to 5th Avenue. We had a king size bed on the 23rd floor. There was no street noise at all, a very quiet room. The view was not that exciting but we spent very little time in the room looking out. The bathroom, which is one of my pet peeves, was lovely. I liked the marble and the layout was spacious enough that both my husband and I could be in there at the same time when necessary. The closet was very small and we had a lot of stuff with us as we were attending a wedding in the city. Housekeeping arranged for us to have a mobile clothes rack to accomodate us and the room was plently big to have the rack in the room. The bed was very comfortable. The elevator was fast . I called housekeeping a number of times with special requests and all were handled quickly. We had a drink in the bar but didn't try the room service or the restaurant. Overall the Sofitel was excellent. We would love to stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rugbybeer&women
<Content>What a Great Hotel! This hotel is simply superb! We emailed before hand to ask the hotel to book a SUV from Newark which although not the cheapest option was certainly hassle free. Upon arrival at the hotel check in was efficient and professional even though one of the rooms wasn鈥檛 ready.The rooms are stunning, small but adequate and one of the best bathrooms I have ever seen. As for cleanliness, second to none.Throughout our stay everyone was friendly without being pompous and couldn鈥檛 do enough for us.Use the services of the concierges and doormen as they know their stuff.Great location just a few minutes walk to Times Square. Use the Red Flame, be prepared to wait for a table but it is worth it!Only down side was the bar, average service, average value for money and a little aloof. But spend the little extra for a wonderful hotel.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SarahDelaney
<Content>Staff and service were Excellent! Wow! My husband and I after much consideration settled on the Sofitel NYC for our 1 year anniversary (March 10). We read through all the reviews of hundreds of hotels on this site and had a hard time choosing since it seems that no matter what hotel you choose someone has quams about it. I went to book the hotel online the night before we were scheduled to arrive and found that the prices had gone up so we called the hotel directly and they offered us a fantastic rate (no cancellation policy). We were trying to be economical so booked only a queen between the 3rd and 14th floor. We had taken the train into the city form a friends house in Nj and arrived earlier than check in which is at 3pm, the front desk staff checked us in 3 hours early without one word about check in being at 3. Also, the front desk staff ( who were very very lovely) upgraded us to a King on the 21st floor, not only did they upgrade us but we went out for dinner and came back to find a congratulatory note and a complimentary bottle of champagne and chocolates as an anniversary pressie. The room was extremely clean and the bed was soooooo comfy, I said to my husband that I think we might have had a brand new comfortor and new sheets because everything was so clean and pristene, it was like we were the first ones to ever sleep in the bed. The bathroom was equally pleasing with marbleverywhere and a seperate shower and tub. There were also fresh orchids in the bathroom which was was a very nice touch.Everytime we went in and out of the hotel the staff greeted us and were very friendly, the concierge was great and very helpful. Another plus we found was that the hotel stored our luggage for the whole day on our day of departure so we were able to walk around the city without be lagged down.Over we had an amazing anniversary and loved every aspect of this hotel and plan on returning next chance we get!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Arkansastravel
<Content>Best hotel in the US My husband and I just took our first trip to NYC this past week. Because of the great reviews that the Sofitel had received, we decided to stay there. It was, in fact, the most amazing stay at a hotel that we have ever had. The Sofitel beds are the most comfortable beds in the WORLD. Despite the freezing weather that decided to drop in on NY for the 4 days we were there, our stay was an absolute blast and was made even better because of the amazing Sofitel. The only negative reviews that we had read were about not offering coffee to the guests, and not offering hypo-allergenic pillows in place of the genuine down pillows. Well, we were offered BOTH while we were there, so they obviously take into account the reviews that they have received. We would stay at the Sofitel New York a million times over, and would love to try any of their other locations!!!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>VP1
<Content>Well up to expectations This was our first visit to New York and I booked the hotel purely from the comments on this website - and the hotel more than lived up to our expectations. As mentioned in so many other reviews here, it is the staff who really make the hotel. When we checked in the Receptionist who served us was so friendly and helpful - it made such a pleasant change from hotels in the UK and Europe where staff really feel they are doing you a favour by letting you stay there. I got a Sofitel loyalty card before we arrived (again, as suggested by the reviewers on this website) so we got a free glass of champagne in the bar on our first night, which was a real treat. We didn't use the bar much after that as it was beyond our budget but would certainly have done so had we been a little wealthier!! The room was lovely and the bathroom superb. The area is fantastic - everything is very accessible from there and lots of nice restaurants and bars nearby.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jamie&Hannah
<Content>Awesome Hotel!!! My finacee and I stayed in the hotel for 4 nights in mid February. The staff at the hotel were incredibly friendly, especially the concierge, Daniel, who recommended and booked some fantastic restaurants for us at very short notice. If you want the best steak you've ever had, then go to Morton's on 5th, but for breakfast, then the Red Flame diner has to be done (it's right next to the hotel). For burgers, go to Connelly's and don't forget to go to the Stage deli on Broadway for the biggest sandwiches! Anyway, the hotel room was cleaned daily with fresh towels and has massive floor to ceiling windows with great views of the city. The beds really are a comfy as the reviews say - getting up in the morning was quite difficult! The bathroom is modern, with a walk in shower and separate bath. There is a free Internet connection within the reception area, which is very useful. The doormen are happy to answer any questions you might have about where to go, and they'll get you a cab while you relax in the foyer. The hotels location couldn't be better for both shopping and sightseeing - most sights are within walking distance. Overall, it was a fantastic break - we can't wait to go back!!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>IvanL
<Content>Excellent Hotel, Will definately return               More photos  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Swanky01
<Content>Perfect Location for New York, Great Rooms  I have stayed at the Sofitel twice in the last 2 years and am going again this May. It's a great hotel, central, quiet, lovely rooms and really nice big bathrooms. I would recommend it to anyone. It may be a little pricey but you get what you pay for. The Red Flame Diner is the best place for breakfast that we have come across. Even dinner was nice there. Big portions so take your appetite with you.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HAPPYGOLUCKY7
<Content>100% satisfaction We arrived via the new airline Silverjet to Newark, our only concerns in this direction was flying from Luton or we should say arriving back to the U.K. too longer quees at immigration took nearly an hour! However the airline was superb. Greeted at Newark with snow and -6 temp. Arrived at Sofitel to a very warm welcome, nothing too much trouble. We had a suite on 26th floor and room was immaculate, could not be faulted. The bed was superb only trouble was getting out of such a comfortable experience! We had no complaints apart from not having a spa, we ended up at the 5 star Peninsula, I believe the Sofitel New York could benefit from this amenity. Next time we go in the Spring time, when its a bit warmer!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>provenceman
<Content>More than expected Pour un premier s茅jour 脿 NYC, le Sofitel est parfaitement situ茅, tres tres bonne localisation. Le seul soucis etait le tarif en vigueur mais en plein Fashion Week, je me suis estim茅 heureux de pouvoir booker non pas une chambre (No Vacancy) mais une suite : Atmosphere Art D茅co, moelleux du lit extraordinaire, Staff tres serviable et efficace, surtout la reception. Au fait pour information 脿 transmettre au Concierge, Tie  Jacket au 21 Club sont obligatoires ! Une tres bonne adresse (les deux ;-) ) 脿 recommander sans hesitation.Enjoy your Stay.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FJNM
<Content>Great Location It was my first trip to NYC and I booked this hotel due its location...and for this reason I wasn't disappointed. It's in fab location, between 5th and 6th and ideal for a first time visitor to the big apple. The room was nothing special, clean etc. but somewhat characterless. The bar was really cool but the fresh flowers throughout the lobby/reception area were truly amazing...especially the peony roses, Wow! I got a good deal on the hotel website so I was happy that I got value for money as well.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Delite7
<Content>Great Experience We have been to NY several times, but this was our first time at the Sofitel. It certainly won't be the last! We flew in to see a few plays and for that, the location is excellent-- about a 10 minute walk to Broadway. The staff were very pleasant and accomodating. We had a room on the 18th floor with a great view. The room was good sized, with a comfy bed. The bathroom was also nice, with a big shower, separate tub, marble floor, etc. I honestly have no complaints about this hotel at all.We also enjoyed the restaurant, Gaby, for their delicious breakfasts and nice atmosphere for after dinner drinks. The wait staff are very friendly-- one waiter even gave us a couple of drinks on the house! If you want to save $$ on breakfast, The Red Flame is just down the street where you can get good food at a good price. All in all, our stay here was excellent and we'll stay here again on our next trip to NY!!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gardenercc
<Content>Friendliest Staff Ever We stayed at the Sofitel for 2 nights, upon arrival, we were instantly greeted by the bellman, directed to check in and able to check in at 8 in the morning. the staff is the friendliest staff I have come across, not only in New York, but anywhere!!!The room was very nice, large bathroom, clean tub, shower, magnifying mirror, tv speaker and phone in bathroom, marble.the room was very comfortable, ironing board and iron, safe, mini bar, etc. Quick elevators, nice comfortable lobby with internet access. We had absolutely no problems. We were even able to extend our check out time!!The Sofitel is in a great location on 44th St. 2 blocks from the hubbub of Times Square, but the street is very quiet.The thing I was most impressed with was the feeling you received from the front desk staff, they seemed genuinely happy you were there and genuinely happy to be working. What a nice suprise!!!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	5	5	4	

<Author>mickko
<Content>Slightly Disappointed Expected too much, and like the last reviewer, definately not the 12th most luxury hotel in the world. I was expecting to enter some utopia completely out of this world because of the reviews left here.Stayed here 4 nights over Xmas. No Plasma in the rooms, just some dingy old Philips TV. I thought the views were a little restricted even though I was gauranteed at reception that I had a great room on top floor. Concierge were a little unattentive when we were leaving, however very helpful in organising in room massages for us. There seemed to be noise coming from some electrical room which was behind our room. Complaint was dealt with very well. Rooms and bathrooms are lovely, especially the carpet and beds. Walk around in your bare feet and if you're there to sleep, you'll have the most amazing nights sleep ever. I've never experienced anything like the comfort of the beds at this hotel. Great location for shopping, just off 5th. Gaby restaurant well worth a try.My expectation aside, this is still a top class, near-faultless hotel. What I would question is the system TA use to rate hotels. Look a little further down the list and I'm sure there are other hotels equally as good, if not better than Sofitel.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>GewJayne
<Content>Simply the Best!! I chose this hotel to celebrate my wife's 40th birthday, based solely on the trip advisor reviews and was not disappointed. We stayed for four nights. (2nd-6th March 2007) Staff were extremely friendly and helpful; we had a King Size suite on the 29th floor with a terrific view of the Chrysler Building. The room was clean, spacious and the bed was the most comfortable ever! Bathroom was lovely with a deep bath plus shower and daily change of towels. I had told the hotel prior to arrival that it was my wife's birthday and as a result, a complementary bottle of 'sparkly' was sent to our room together with a letter from the manager. Nice touch I thought! I had arranged for a Sofitel Privilege Card to be sent to me prior to departure which entitled us to a 4pm check out and a free drink at the bar. (Costs nothing to apply on line) Gaby's Restaurant was 'nice' but expensive. We had one breakfast there which was fine but then tried the Red Flame Diner (which is about a thirty second walk from hotel towards Times Square) and the breakfast was more than adequate with excellent coffee. Good value too. All in all I would say that it was the best stay I've had in any hotel.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BrettLondonUK
<Content>What a welcome! Returned from a long weekend in NY to celebrate our silver wedding . After reading several reviews we plumbed for the Sofitel . Excellent choice , the staff were very welcoming we were given a top floor room looking towards the Chrysler building . The beds really are so comfortable .The hotel also sent up a bottle of champagne and a letter of congratulations .We followed other review advice and applied for a sofitel privilege card on line prior to our trip ( allow a good 4 weeks for delivery ) its free and gives two complimentary drinks at the bar . You are also able to take advantage of their late checkout 16.00 as opposed to 12.00 . great when you have an evening flight like us as you get an extra day.The Red Flame Diner is 4 doors down and serves up an adequate breakfast for a fraction of the hotel prices.You are a five minute walk from times square or grand central station and have no shortage of restaurants for dinner.Use the Macy's 11% discount card when shopping there you get it from thier vistor center in the store and look for their sales as the 11% is added on. Did I mention the beds , they really are comfortable.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>STC
<Content>Great Value $269 Weekend Internet Rate       Room 2203, king bed  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SteveLondon1960
<Content>5* reviews here are no exaggeration My wife and I chose the Sofitel as the hotel for our first visit to New York on the basis of the reports here on TripAdvisor, and we were not disappointed. The hotel is quite simply superb. We booked a superior with a Queen sized bed on the 23rd floor overlooking the Chrysler Building and the room was incredibly comfortable. Everything you鈥檝e read about the beds here is true. I reckon this was the most comfortable bed I鈥檝e slept in anywhere in the world, and I鈥檓 pretty well travelled! The bathroom was elegant, and spacious, although the bath itself was too small, but the shower cubicle was more than fine. Being so high up there was zero noise from the street.It was our wedding anniversary and we had champagne on ice delivered to our room gratis, not one evening but twice! Evening room service included two small bottles of Evian and a small box of chocolates.Room service was excellent but expensive, as was the bar and restaurant downstairs.As everyone on here has mentioned, the Red Flame diner a few feet down on the left is an absolute gem. A real taste of New York, with lightning fast service, huge menu, open 6am til midnight, and cheap as chips.The Sofitel position is perfect, five minutes from Times Square, Grand Central Station, etc. Chat up the concierges and doormen as they are a mine of information.Also, free internet and printer in the lobby. Basically, you can鈥檛 go wrong here, I鈥檒l certainly be back.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ctwino
<Content>Fills expectations - single night visit Booked a suite and the hotel was very nice, very clean, modern, and with a very friendly staff. I had booked an internet rate that was non-cancellable, but I got caught unable to go due to the Valentine's Day ice storm. They rescheduled my suite to two weeks later with no issues, did it immediately. Very happy with my stay, as others have said location is great  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bradgirl
<Content>My favourite hotel ever! Booked the Sofitel as part of a package on Expedia, so can't comment too much on the price, apart from to say that it seemed very reasonable.Overall this hotel was the best my partner and I have ever stayed in. It was fantastic - felt very posh, but didn't make you feel inferior when you were wearing your trainers and ear muffs on your way out!The location is awesome, a 5 minute (maybe less) walk to Times Square and lots of other New York attractions. Getting a taxi was so easy, especially because of the great guys outside the hotel who would go into the street to stop you getting snowed on or blown over in the wind. Didn't try the food in the hotel, because there's a lovely diner just down the street which serves brilliant breakfasts, and who wants to eat in a hotel at night, when you can hit the New York streets!The room was lovely, very clean and very spacious. The bed was the most comfortable bed ever, we called it our marshmallow because it was so warm and squishy. Housekeeping came in twice a day to sort the covers out, turndown service I think its called, she also brought Evian water which was a nice touch.Bathroom was perfect, bath and seperate double shower with pedestal sink and mirror with lights around (felt like a movie star!). Very quiet at night, had no trouble going to sleep, even though the street was a busy one. And no noise from other guests coming back to their rooms either. All in all, the hotel was fantastic, and if you can get a good deal, I would recommend it to anyone!!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LondonSudha
<Content>OK not brilliant We booked this hotel after reading the reviews on tripadvisor as everyone seems to think it is the best hotel in NY. Don't get me wrong it wasn't bad but it wasn't anything special. We arrived to a friendly bellman and concierge who took our suitcases promptly. we checked in and were given a room on the 15th floor. I paid for a room between floor 15-30, queen bed and city view - i got the first two but not the last. The room was small and overlooked some sort of enormous air vent. The room itself was nice enough - lots of nice goodies in the bathroom with a big marble bath and an excellent shower. The bed was very comfortable and we were only there for one night so did not see the need to ask to be moved. There is free internet downstairs which was useful for checking in to our flight the day before we left. The location is good if you're a first time New Yorker (we were not!) it is a couple of blocks from Times Square, Empire State, Grand Central etc. However, as we know NY very well now we know better places to stay and at an affordable rate. There are no little extras here and it feels like a big chain hotel with no character or anything to remember it by. Overall it was an average hotel however, as a whole although the room was very comfortable and it is in a good location for those visiting for the first time.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>mrolfes
<Content>Mixed feelings, My expectations where too high. I have stayed at other Sofitels before, and the Chicago Sofitel many times. My expectations were very high because T.A. ranked the New York Sofitel best luxury hotel in America and #12 in the world, which it definetly is not. I think that is why I was disappointed. The New York Sofitel was nice, but not as nice as other Sofitels. No comparison to the Chicago Sofitel. We booked through expedia and did get a very good rate, so maybe they gave us one of their worst rooms. Our very old T.V didn't work very well, but they came up quickly to try and fix it. They offered to move us to another room, but the TV wasn't that important to us. We were told they will be updating the rooms soon, which needs to be done. On the plus side, I would stay at the NY Sofitel again and recommend it, but only if the price was right. The beds were very comfortable just like all Sofitel beds. Very clean rooms. The service was very good and quick. The staff was above average for Sofitel. This is just by comparison. In my experience some of the Sofitels front desk staff, (usually the staff from France) can be abrupt, but that is part of the French feel right. Well not in New York. Everyone was very nice, friendly and helpful. Another big plus was having The Red Flame restaurant so close. We were able to get coffee and breakfast to go to bring back to the hotel for the slowpokes. Saved us lots of time and $$$.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jooles,uk
<Content>Wow! What a bed. My fiancee and I booked the Sofitel for our anniversary of meeting. We signed up for the hotels privlege card prior to booking which was free and enabled us to get a great deal on a suite and also late check out. All the staff were very friendly especially the turn down service, a chinese lady who was always happy and full of beans! The bed was the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in!!!!! It was -15 when we were in New York so we didn't venture out to much in the evening so room service was order of the day, it was excellent! lots of choice, always prompt and very tasty. I think the only thing I would complain about would be there were no tea  coffee facilities in the room which meant ringing room service every morning and at $18 for a pot of tea and coffee was an unexpected expense. If you're anything like me I need a coffee to go downstairs to get a coffee!! Apart from that a great place to stay. The Red Flame dinner four doors down from the hotel is also better value than the hotel breakfast.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>takeatrip2anywhere
<Content>wonderful service for wonderful hotel Me and three of my girlfriends stayed at the Sofitel Feb.23-25 2007. We found a great deal on hotwire.The hotel had some of the best service that I have ever experiences. At check in we found VIvian to be very helpful. She informed us of all the amenities the hotel had to offer, such as the restaurant, souvenir shop, and the computers in the waiting area. The bedrooms at the hotel were smaller than expected, but who cares the room were neat and clean and enough room for 2 adults. The bathroom were very clean and spacious. Both the bedroom and bathroom were modern was very well kept. When trying to find a restaurant or something in particular Daniel, the concierge, was the most helpful. On our first night he recommended that we eat at Bond 45, an Italian restaurant. He took the time to make reservations for us, and the food was great. This was the routine the entire time we were there. However we ventured out one day with out his advice and we regretted it. We went to Fridays on 5th Ave., the service was terrible. The location was great. It was not in the center of time square, however time square was not that far. Maybe a block walk. Overall I have nothing but postive things to say about the service and value of the Sofitel. I would defintely recommend this hotel to others and I will be staying there in the future.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gjamesrock
<Content>Five very cold nights in NYC, Feb 07. Five very cold nights in NYC, Feb 07.The Sofitel was everything we wanted and delivered everything it said it would. The room was very big and all modern, clean and in good condition. The bathroom was great and again modern and clean. The beds have been well documented by other reveiwers and I agree with them, great sleep. The location, it's right there in the middle of everything but down a street that is quiet. There is a breakfast place on the same block that is very NYC and a fraction of the hotel breakfast cost.Concierge were great, they booked a few restaurants for us and didnt have be asked twice for anything. The other staff were all very friendly.The bar was very smart and the staff on the ball, we didn't eat at the restaurant.I will be staying againGareth, Kent. UK  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gingersmommy
<Content>Pleasantly satisfied! Following the tripadvisor band wagon, we decided to give the Sofitel a try. We booked an Executive suite on the 24th floor. It had a HUGE outdoor terrace with some patio furniture. (Yes, there was snow and it served as an excellent refrigerator!) The room was big,beautiful and the bed was divine! The bathroom and shower were quite nice, complete with first rate toietries. Only downfall was the smallish closets.The service was friendly and great. Most of the concierge team seemed a little too serious but were helpful. (Erick was great and nice)We never ate at the hotel, however, we did go visit the Red Flame diner and thought it was good for the price. We did stumble upon a Scottish restaurant named St. Andrews right down the street. What a find! Some of the best food we ever had. (and we dine pretty frequently!) By all means, try this place out. (no, I don't own, or work at the restaurant!)Overall, I think what we appreciated the most was the beautiful rooms and the subtleness of the hotel and it's elegance.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ahcLondon
<Content>Fabulous Hotel Great location and lovely rooms.A wonderful three night stay with my Husband and Daughter.I e-mailed requesting a quiet room and we were allocated a wonderfully spacious room on the 25th floor with an amazing view of the Chrysler!Concierge were also fantastic recommending and booking some excellent restaurants.Would recommend to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mhbtr
<Content>Five Stars for the Four Star My husband  I recently stayed at the Sofitel NY based upon the reviews from tripadvisor. Needless to say, we were not disappointed. I must preface these comments by stating that I am a hotel snob,  mind you, the Sofitel is not a five-star hotel, but it does not claim to be. (Although some of the service we received was better than some we have experienced at certain 5-stars.) Location: The Sofitel is situated 44th  5th, making it just about the perfect location for walking to just about anything (Times Square, Broadway, 5th Avenue, Empire State Building, Rockefeller, MOMA, etc.). Though it is a fair (but entirely manageable) walking distance to Central Park. Service: The service we received was prompt  unobtrusive. Our rooms were cleaned meticulously morning  evening; I requested once for extra towels  note was made for the remainder of our stay (unlike some other five star we've stayed). (We also appreciated the bottles of Evian  box of chocolates each evening.) The concierge was helpful at recommending restaurants  obtaining reservations. Ammenities: The fitness center was sufficiently equipped with treadmills, weights, etc. Our room was a suite on the top floor with a view of the Empire State Building from the bedroom  Rockefeller Center from the sitting room. The rooms themselves are not especially large, but more than sufficient (though more storage space would have been nice). The beds were quite comfortable. The bathroom was spacious enough (not huge)  extremely well lit. The least appealing aspect of the hotel is Gaby's where we found the food to be mediocre at best. Not bad, but not worth eating there twice. Would I recommend Sofitel to friends? ABSOLUTELY. For the great rates you can get on the rooms, I don't think you could do any better.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>andywhuCardiff
<Content>Excellent Sofitel Hotel Sofitel: New YorkDate: 22nd Feb 2007What can I say. The best hotel that my wife and I have ever stayed at. From the moment we arrived to the time we left, everything was excellent. I mentioned when booking that the trip was a surprise trip for my wife's 50th Birthday. On entering the room there was a complimentary bottle of champagne on ice on the table. Just perfect after a long trip from the UK. What can I say about the beds, only the most comfortable ever. The bathroom was amazing with a large walk in shower and bath, and the room was perfect with an amazing view from the 23rd floor. All in all I would highly recommend this hotel. A big thank you to all the friendly staff of the Sofitel for making this a perfect break .  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Highlandscots
<Content>Loved Sofitel After doing much research on Trip Advisor we decided to follow everybody else and book directly and managed to get the hotel within our budget. The hotel is just perfect - we arrived and were told we had been given a upgrade on our room to a higher floor which we were delighted about. The room itself was lovely and the bathroom was to die for! The bed, as everybody else has said, was fantastic - just wish we could have fitted it in the suitcase! The hotel's location is also excellent - when you come out of the door you turn right and you are a 5 minutes walk from Times Square, on the way passing The Red Flame which is also as good as all the other reviews say, and by turning left at the hotel and after 5 minutes you are at Grand Central Station. We would recommend the Circle Line boat trip, and Empire State Building as good points to view New York.As far as steaks go, we met up with a family member who works in Manhattan and he treated us to a meal at the Capital Grille. We had the most amazing food at this restaurant starting off with French Onion Soup which was layered with Gruyere cheese. The steaks are just to die for, washed down with excellent wine and just for more badness we finished off with cheesecake .... you have to be bad sometimes! We did use a cab twice but this was only on our first evening - after finding our bearings we walked everywhere apart from going to ground zero when we took the subway. Our top tip if you are going to Macys - go to the visitor centre and collect your 11% discount card. The prices are cheap compared to what we pay at home anyway, but this makes it evey better. We absolutely loved the Sofitel and would not hesitate to go back there, or to recommend it to anybody.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Leyton
<Content>Fantastic! My girlfriend and I stayed at the Sofitel over the New Year. The hotel is great. We chose it because it was rated number one on tripadvisor and it didn't disappoint.The room was extremely clean, a good size and the bed is like sleeping on a cloud. As others have mentioned, if you are in New York for a special occasion let the front desk know in advance. We were there for my girlfriend's birthday and after mentioning this we were given a room on a higher floor and champagne (sparkling wine).The hotel is in a great location and is within walking distance of most of the big tourist sites (Times Square, Fifth Avenue, Empire State Building etc.)My top tip - register for the Sofitel privelege card. It's free and you gets you guaranteed late check in, free drinks on arrival and late check out (4pm) which was great as we had a night flight back to the UK.Next time I'm in New York I know where I'll be staying...  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AlysonP
<Content>Its all true... the negative comments are fools! Every word of the positive reviews on Tripadvisor are true, we picked this hotel, after lots of homework, for our 5 day honeymoon over Valentines weekend. We took the advice and joined the hotels priviledge club and was upgraded to a higher floor room with a king bed and a view of the Chrysler Building. We got 2 free drinks at the bar (champagne) chocolates and a bedding turn down every night not to mention the free bottle of champagne sent up to help us get our honeymoon off to an amazing start!EVERY member of staff work terrifically hard to give you a great feeling about this hotel and it became 'home' for us on our trip. In New York the people are not always too friendly so it was refreshing to get back to the luxury and oasis of service that is the SofitelInstead of boring you by repeating what has already been said about this amazing hotel. I will give you our tips for a great trip to NY, and also things to avoidWe didnt try the breakfast at the hotel and followed others advice and went to the red flame diner a couple of doors down from the hotel. A bit rough and ready, but good food and service make it all good and great value.If you want to really splash out and have a world class breakfast, take a cab to Le Parker Meridian up near Central Park, and BOOK into Norma's inside Le Meridian, all they do is breakfast and boy do they do it well, outstanding and a bit pricy but you will NEVER have a better breakfast, make sure you book, while we were there people were being quoted 1.5 hours for a table and still staying!!At the same venue is a Burger Joint that you wouldnt find in a month of Sundays, tiny place hidden behind a curtain at Le Meridian, signed only by a small neon burger sign, keep an eye out for it, its easy to miss! World Class burgers and fries, and thats all they do but wow its done well.Avoid Rainbow Room Grill like the plague, it was a fab view no doubt there but the food was appalling and they 'recommend' a 20% tip on a $300 bill, and that was with no dessert or coffee, massive rip off and not to be repeated.Book in at Metrazur in Grand Central Terminal - sounds mad to eat in a station, but what a station, the ambiance is amazing and ask when you book for a balcony table, you wont speak much but you will marvel at the view!After Metrazur cross the main floor up the stairs, come out of the main doors and turn left and head into Campbells Apartment, a hidden gem of a cocktail bar, small and atmospheric...the mojitos and prohibition punch were the best we have ever tasted!Gotham Bar and Grill was divine, words cant measure it, service and food to die for, every bit was amazing.Go to Woodbury Outlet about an hour out of the city for discount designer shopping heaven!! We went by bus so got to asee a bit of the countrysideForget about Empire State building, the place is a dump, queues were 3.5 hours and once I got up there I couldnt wait to come down as I was so naffed off from queuing and pushing, it was rubbish...head for Top of the Rock at the Rockerfeller centre, no queue, up and down in 30 mins, and much nicer, glass panels so you can see more, a bit smaller than Empire State but the same experience, but no queuing and messing about. TRUST ME ON THIS ONEAll our meals were reseached on Zagat...highly recommended .. and booked through OpenTable.. again really recommended. Thats it, amazing trip, if you go to any of these places you WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ninewinx
<Content>A few concerns I haven't read all the reviews but I have found this website to be on target most of the time. We liked the Sofitel and it was a good value with a few caveats...1. The security is very lax. There are two entrances- one through the front lobby and another from the restaurant. There is open access to all floors with no limitation provided by insertion of the hotel keycard. Anyone could be followed to their room.2. The bed is comfortable but there was no sheet - just a duvet cover. 3. The heating system hums.4. I was told the windows were triple paned and that the rooms were quiet. Unfortunately, we heard the garbage pick-up at 4 am every night- even on the 11th floor.5. Breakfast was $30 per person in the restaurant. Go out the restaurant door  across the street for your Starbucks and into the little grocery store for a very complete and inexpensive alternative.6. There are other boutique hotels with better locations for the theater district.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fairlocks
<Content>A truly fantastic hotel! Having read the reviews on Trip Advisor we were fairly certain that our stay would be a good experience and are delighted to report that we were in no way disappointed. We stayed 4 nights and found Sofitel extremely comfortable, friendly and well-run. The service offered by the concierge and reception staff was second to none - they even helped us out of a tight spot with a dinner reservation at a downtown restaurant.The rooms were wonderfully quiet and comfortable (especially the beds!) which we found a real oasis of calm to relax in after busy days out shopping and sightseeing. The location is ideal, being mid-town, access to upper and lower Manhattan is no problem at all.We would definitely recommend this hotel to friends and stay there again on our next visit  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>atateka
<Content>Sofitel Aims to Please We have just returned from our fifth stay at Sofitel. It's tempting to explore other properties, but it's a gamble as well. At Sofitel we know we will be greeted warmly, the concierges and doormen will be tremendously helpful, the elevators fast, and the room clean and quiet.We love the excitment of the city, but really appreciate the calm and quiet of this hotel. We went to the Marriot Marquis to enjoy a drink from the 48th floor. While that was nice, we could not imagine staying at that hotel. It was loud, crowded, huge, and too busy for our tastes.Many reviewers mention the Red Flame, and that is a good choice. We also like Cafe Manhattan which is on 45th. If you exit the hotel from Gaby's restaurant you will see it's red awning across the street. They have a nice selection of fresh fruits, vegetables, breakfast and lunch choices. While there is no wait staff, there are tables for patrons. It's clean, bright, and quiet by NYC standards.I find it remarkable that many of the same staff remain at Sofitel year after year. The staff is knowledgeable, warm and friendly. Guests are often greeted by name and always politely. I would encourage anyone to stay here. Sofitel has excellent standards of customer service and hospitality.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lisa_Dublin
<Content>Worst Hotel Shower, Best Concierges! My boyfriend and I stayed in the Sofitel from the 14th-18th of February, we selected this hotel based on recommendations from this site and we were not disappointed. The positive things: The hotel is on 44th Street between 5th and 6th Street, a fantastic location, everything is within walking distance such as Times Square, the Rockerfeller Centre, Madison Ave, 5th Ave鈥?just to name a few places.I would like to pay special homage to the concierges, particularly Erick  Vladimir. There helpfulness and knowledge is next to none and I would like to remind people to tip these guys!! The negative things: The weather was extremely cold at this time of the year and at some points unbearable with temperatures way below freezing and it was hard to get the room warm. The bathroom, although it was generous in size, the shower took some maneuvering. The door opens into shower and doesn鈥檛 fold, so if you are in any way slightly above average you may get stuck!! I am not saying that I did, but had I have eaten anymore glazed donuts in the Red Flame Diner I may have had a little trouble. (The diner is on 44th Street, take a right when you come out of hotel, the menu is huge and service is fast and efficient).We had a fantastic time and New York is an amazing city, but it is certainly an expensive and hectic holiday.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Tripper43
<Content>Good hotel, great location Having read the reviews on this site, I was determined to stay at this hotel for a two-night break. I called Sofitel and tried to book, we were told there was no availability so we went through Amex and got the room. Paid $500 per night so fairly hefty in my view, although I'm sure not off the scale for NYC.It;s certainly a great hotel, but I was a little underwhelmed given the hype of some reviews - there's nothing wrong, but there's no wow factor either. A good business hotel.Positiveslocation is greatstaff largely friendlyroom was big enoughspotlessquietthe beds are heavenlynice welcome chocciesNegativesPublic areas dark and lack ambienceI found the concierges a little precious, particularly ReneLimited snacks on room serviceShort bath! (and I'm only 5'8)none of the taxi drivers knew it, but then I started to realise that you could ask for Carnegie hall and most NY cabbies would insist on a full addressSo altogether - very good standard business hotel but pricey  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mspiddles
<Content>Luxury hotel ,great location The Hotel is really a great place to stay. It was very clean . It is located close to the shopping .The room service was excellent and the staff are ver;y helpful. I used the gym and it was unbelievable. New updated equipment. Over all, I had a great trip. The pillows on the bed are down, And the hotel brought me extra pillows and a humidifer. I was very comfortable. The hotel is a little stuffy . Not young atmosphere in the lobby and the dinner in the resturant was very rich, But yet an enjoyable stay.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>warum
<Content>Good hotel in central location Due to the excellent ratings at Tripadvisor we booked Sofitel New York from Dec. 21 - 25, 2006. We stayed in a standard room (347,20 USD Tax incl.) and a suite (503,00 USD Tax incl.) located on the 22th and 26th floor.The plus:- modern rooms in good condition, very clean, comfortable bathroom with separate shower stall,- turn down with a free bottle of still water,- good locationThe minus:- a la carte breakfast menu only (quite expensive, just a few choices), no breakfast buffet,- lobby with not inviting atmosphere (too cool music),- no shoe shine service available (not even a machine),- a dvd-player (which is not standard in a suite) was brought to the room free of charge but there was a country code restriction so you couldn't play an european dvd (an international hotel chain should be better prepared with its technical equipment),- the last morning housekeeping first disturbed at about 8am and came back twice within the next hour! When coming back after breakfast the bedding was already changed and the luggage stored in the corridor,- a forgotten tie wasn't found two hours after checking out (it probably was thrown away from the housekeeping).In total Sofitel has nice and comfortable rooms, a good location but some aspects to improve. Compared to others N.Y. hotels one can recommend the hotel when the rate is O.K. P.S. Although we are Sofitel privelige card holders we didn't get a free welcome drink or choclate.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>jockbrown
<Content>best hotel shower ever I chose this hotel based on Tripadvisor reviews, and its location; we were not disappointed. French-owned, it has a European luxury flair. Our suite was perfect for us, and at $400 per day, through the hotle wesite, not bad for MidTown Manhattan for 650 sq ft.. The bathroom was smaller than soome I've stayed in, but it was great. The shower was the best I have ever experienced in a hotel, and I am very particular. (In fact I occasionally travel with my own showerhead and a pair of pliers when staying at cheap acommodations. Crazy, aren't I?) Great pressure and great heat. My wife used the short but deep tub and said it was the best bath she ever had.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>mharv
<Content>Absoutely Fabulous       Front entrance of Sofitel  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JLTP
<Content>Tasteful My wife and I had a lovely stay at the Sofitel. While there are certainly glitzier, more opulent hotels in midtown Manhattan, the Sofitel did all the little things right. They have friendly, attentive desk staff; a quiet lobby; valet parking (not very common in NYC); and clean, reasonably spacious rooms done in tasteful decor. Plus the location is great--right near Times Square and the theatre district. While not inexpensive, it was a relatively good value. All in all, this is a very good choice.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TKJA
<Content>Pretty Good - excellent service  Stayed at the Sofitel from Feb 1 to Feb 5 2007 and have previously stayed at several other similarly rated hotels in Manhattan.My overall impression is favourable but, given the stunning reviews this hotel receives on Trip Advisor, I have to admit that I was a little disappointed overall.Positives:Location very good - quiet and less than 5 mins walk from Times Square.Staff are friendly and helpful.Rooms are sizeable and clean (booked Queen 350 sqft).Bathrooms are clean, spacious and well appointed.Slight negatives:My room a little tired - Decor a bit 80s and old (not particularly well functioning) CRT TVs and hairdryer. Hotel bar and restaurant are lacking in atmosphere.Overall, if you get a good rate (at or below the average advertised hotel rate on Trip Advisor) then I would recommend the Sofitel.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gemmasnook
<Content>Amazing Location!!! I stayed at the Sofitel for 5 nights over new year 2007 based on the reviews on this website and it was amazing!!!!!The hotel is was absolutely perfect, we were on the 11th floor but still had quite good views. The rooms are a good size and everything you need. I think it is the location of this hotel which makes it special, it is only around 5 minutes walk to times square, 5th avenue and Grand Central Station, perfect!!!!Everyone talks about 'The Red Flame' diner just down the street and we went there every morning, the food is good old American style breakfasts and is very reasonable.The one tip that I would give is to apply for a Sofitel Privilege Card before you go so that you can take advantage of 4pm check out, if you plan your flights correctly this can add an extra day to you holiday!!If i ever went back to NYC I would definitely stay here again because it has everything you would need in a hotel.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>swmarrs
<Content>Wonderful and romantic! We stayed here for a weekend in January, and we really enjoyed the central location to 5th Avenue, the theater district, and all the subway lines. The hotel was busy - but so quiet that we overslept both mornings. I very much preferred this experience to the ones I've had at the Algonquin and the Royalton (both on the same block). The bathroom was gorgeous and the mattress wonderful. I also appreciated the mirrored closets and abundant storage. The staff were extremely courteous and friendly even though we were bundled up like snowmen.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lgcoto
<Content>Your best bet in NYC! You cannot beat this price, the location and the room in NYC. We have stayed at the very best in New York and this is just a great hotel.As is their hotel in Chicago, which I find amazing for chain hotels.The rooms are not large, but most NYC hotel rooms aren't. Very comfortable beds, bathroom was very nice and actually large in comparison to the room.The bar downstairs was quite nice, the front desk was quick and effcient and room service was a no problem.I will stay there again and again.There is a reason why this is #1 in New York. You cannot beat the price and comfort.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RB-Sydney
<Content>As good as the reviews say We stayed here for a week at the end of January, booking on the strength of Tripadvisor reviewers. We weren't disappointed. The hotel is fabulous. The staff, from concierge to front desk, table staff to housekeeping, were all friendly and helpful. The rooms are generous in size, neatly decorated, with good bathrooms. Computer access is provided in the foyer. The location is perfect, with a subway stop 8 minutes walk away, and so central that taxi rides are quick and reasonable. On arrival, free sparkling water and truffles were left in our room. The breakfast at the hotel restaurant is excellent, with bottomless cups of coffee and juice, complimentary newspapers, and large portions - for $20 you have a hearty start to the day - contrary to other reviewers, I would not recommend the Flame diner - this is truly second rate. On 45th St, bw 5th and Madison, there's Dishes where a tolerable espresso can be had, along with quick, healthy and tasty lunches, plus Valrhona chocolate donuts! The concierges are all knowledgable, and will happily use their connections to snare a table at one of their recommended eateries - for instance, Osteria Al Doge, down the road, a bustling Italian restaurant, with great food. If you want any criticisms, I suppose the bathtub could have been deeper, and the air conditioning system was somewhat noisy (it can be turned off, with little or no effect on the room temperature); the wifi room internet costs $10 per day. The hotel runs some special rates, so it's possible to get a room for around $250/night plus taxes. We had a fantastic time - a great city and a great hotel.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fmcd
<Content>Wonderful experience               More photos  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chickster39
<Content>Great stay at the Sofitel New York We also booked this hotel on the strength of the reviews on tripadvisor and we weren鈥檛 disappointed. The hotel is exactly as others have described. Very welcoming staff, extremely comfortable beds, so much so that I pulled the bedding off the mattress to try and figure out what was making it so comfortable, in the hope to replicate for my bed at home.Very clean and well maintained room and public areas. The location is perfect, we were in walking distance of most central attractions. You won鈥檛 go wrong with the sofitel.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>gerardkelly
<Content>Magnificent Hotel - 5 Stars My wife and I visited the Sofitel in NY for four nights in Jan '07. We booked this hotel based on the reviews on Tripadvisor and we were not disappointed. This is a magnificent hotel. When you walk through the front doors you are immediately taken aback by the beautiful and spacious lobby. The staff at the front desk were very friendly and efficient. Our room was on the 18th floor and was superb. It is definitely worth paying a little extra for a deluxe room. The room was very tastefully decorated and very comfortable. The marble bathroom was spacious with an excellent large walk in shower. The bed was comfortable and warm (for the NY January weather). The concierge was very helpful with directions and restaurant recommendations etc. The doormen were very attentive and helpful. Overall the staff were extremely friendly and always on hand to help.Not only is this an excellent hotel but it's location is superb. The hotel is on 44th street between 5th and 6th avenue. It is about a 2 min walk to 5th avenue shops. The hotel is an excellent base from which to get around. Madison Square Garden, Broadway, Empire State Building and Port Authority Bus Station are all within walking distance.Rather than have breakfast at the hotel, we had breakfast at the Red Flame Diner on 44th. (Just take a right on leaving the hotel, the diner is on your right). It can be very busy but the service is great and the breakfast menu is vast. Overall this is a true gem of hotel and deserves to be the No.1 New York hotel on Tripadvisor. We would both recommend this hotel to anyone planning a break in the Big Apple.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pemtca
<Content>Wonderful hotel I booked this hotel on the strength of it's TripAdvisor ranking and I wasn't disappointed. It's so central, staff are amazing and the room was fabulous. This was the most comfortable bed I've ever slept on. Bathroom wasn't huge, but was more than adequate, and the room was big by Manhattan standards. No problem getting a late checkout.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PeterMunro
<Content>Clean, friendly and comfortable We were impressed by the cleanliness, the comfort and most of all by the friendliness of the staff. We enjoyed a delicious breakfast every day which was well served by the friendly waiters. The room was spacious and the bed extremely comfortable. Our 14th floor room was quiet and not affected by the traffic noise The hotel is centrally situated near to Times Square and is within easy walking distance of two subway stations which give quick access to the main New York attractions. It is 5 minutes walk to the theatre district and we took advantage of the close proximity by seeing three shows in our 5 night stay. We would certainly select the Sofitel again next time we are in New York  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thesnops
<Content>Fantastic hotel! Great location for exploring. Really helpful Concierge - had some great advice on restaurants for dinner. Didnt eat breakfast at the hotel as we chose to each at the Red Flame diner just down from the hotel which was fine. Lunch  dinner in the hotel was great - service without fault. Great bar area. Room was a little on the small size but that's the only complaint - bathrooms large and immaculate. Staff were fantastic and couldnt do enough for you - our bags were lost by the airline and checking in at the hotel the member of staff said she would send up toothbrushes and paste straight away - during the rest of our stay the staff were equally helpful. It's the little things that matter. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>InPhilly
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed one night at this hotel, it turned out to be quite perfect. It is very close to Times square, and Penn station is not too far away. The subway is close by. The hotel itself is clean, the staff are very friendly and helpful, the room was well-appointed and the bed was very comfortable . The bathrobe and slippers provided to the guests is a nice touch. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>harleigh
<Content>A New Year to remember! So loved this hotel! We arrived in New York the day before New Years Eve, jumped in a yellow cab and we were off for a weeks stay in the big apple! We arrived to be met by a very friendly porter waiting outside the hotel, who swiftly took our bags and showed us to the reception. The staff were very friendly on reception, and luckily our room was ready early. We were on the 17th floor and although the room was nice the view was a little poor. Think this is the case in many hotels in New York though as the buildings are quite close together! We asked to be moved to a higher floor, they did their very best and managed to find a room on the 20th. Perfect! The beds and pillows are like marshmellow!! Really great room with fab bathroom and a rain shower! The conceirge 'Renee' was fantastic in finding us a restaurant for New Year {left it a little late to book!}, and helped us to arrange all our trips that we wanted to do aswell. The Sofitel is a fantastic hotel for location, friendliness, cleanliness and their restaurant is also very good! We ate there 3 times! Could not fault this hotel in any way. Would have no hesitation in booking The Sofitel again!! Manchester, England. UK  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GlynUK
<Content>An excellent hotel Spent 4 nights at the Sofitel in Jan 2007, and were cvertainly recommend it to anyone.We arrived at about midday and was immediately given acesss to our room on the 24th floor.The room was bright, airy and very clean and the bed complete with light fluffy duvet was the most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept in. Included in the room was a safe and a mini bar (we didn't use it as I suspect the prices were very high) and on our floor was an ice making machine. Bottels of water were regularly provided.We had an evening flight out of NY and were allowed to delay checking out until 2pm. The staff were almost apolgetic that they couldn't extend checkout later than that but explained that they were pretty full the following night.We didn't make use of the restaurant but just a few steps along from the hotel was an excellent little diner (The Red Flame) that provided excellent breakfasts for about $12 that would keep you going until lunch and beyond. Drinks at the bar were a little expensive, but they always came with a wonderful bowl of olives and a bowl of nibbles that were regularly topped up.There is a gym in the hotel, just in case you didn't get enough exercise walking Manhattan. Unfortunately there was no sauna that would have been very welcome to sooth sore feet.An excellent location (44th Street between 5th and 6th Avenue) a few minutes walk from Times Square where you can get the subway to travel further afield.I would look no further for a hotel if I was to return to NY  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>billymac2ny
<Content>Great Hotel My wife and I celebrated our 30th wedding anniversary with a trip to New York city. We decided to stay at Sofitel after reading reviews on this website. We were not disappointed. The staff is very friendly and will go out of their way to help you. The hotel is located in a great location Times Square was a couple blocks away and Grand Central Station was a few blocks in the other direction. We really enjoyed our stay and would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>lucaerrante
<Content>Excellent Excellent in every way: location, service and decor. Rooms are a bit small, though, and on the pricey side, but it's ok for the overall quality. Ask for a room on the higher floors: lower floors can be noisy.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lola22
<Content>Great hotel, great staff! We were in New York for a short break to celebrate my boyfriend's 30th birthday. I booked the Sofitel because of the great reviews on the site and we weren't disappointed.The hotel is in a great location to see the sights - close to loads of subway stations, not directly in the chaos of Times Square and very central so excellent for walking either up or downtown.The room itself was nice - super clean and the bathroom was big and had a bath and big shower, which was a nice touch. The bed was really comfortable and although the room wasn't super trendy or massive, it was big for New York standards and very nice. The bottles of Evian they left every day were also a great touch - really nice when you're tired after walking round the city each day! I was very tempted to book a boutique hotel like the W or Royalton but was put off by some reviews saying the staff could be snobby and didn't want to take the risk. I can't enthuse enough about how great the staff at the Sofitel were. When I booked the room on the hotel website I mentioned that it was my first time to New York and requested a city map if possible. I received a map in the post two days after I made my booking! Also, when we arrived at the hotel, there was a package of information waiting for us - that week's Time Out magazine, visitor guides, maps and loads of attractions brochures - excellent!I would recommend getting a sofitel privilege card as it allows you to get late check out up to 4pm (great for an evening flight), use of the hotel's fitness centre at no extra charge and also a complimentary welcome drink at the hotel's bar. I also found the best rate for the hotel by booking through their website direct and I didn't have to prepay either, which was great because the dollar/pound rate was much better when we visited than when we booked the hotel.This hotel is great for anyone wanting a central but not chaotic midtown location with great levels of service, especially from the excellent staff.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Petre
<Content>not so good I choose Sofitel NYC, cause of the Trip Advisor reviews. But, I dont think the hotel is so good as the other customer sayed.The staff is correct but not friendly. The room is average(I stayed at a Executive suite).They have that devil machine(a refrigerator you cant use - every time you move a botle they charge), that they never refiled.The two TV sets are antiques and the remote control didn't work well.The housekeping only make turn down service one time(Stayed 4nights).So, for the money($ 600), it's only average.I will not stay there again  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	2	3	

<Author>mini_minx33
<Content>Tres Bien My husband, parents and I stayed at this fabulous hotel over the new year period. Before we went I was in communication with a concierge regarding New Year's Eve arrangements and he was incredibly helpful and friendly.The hotel is in an excellent location very close to Times Square and near a great cafe for breakfast, lunch or tea. It is one of the most friendly hotels I have stayed at with most staff smiling and welcoming (a couple of the concierge team appeared to be a little stuffy). Our room, which had been upgraded, was a good size with an amazingly comfortable bed. All the hotel is spotlessly clean and our room was kept the same. The bathroom was good with a walk-in shower, bath, sink area and toilet. The toiletries were good quality. The tv was a little low to be seen comfortably when lying in bed and the channels are all American, so mainly adverts. Having said that, you don't go to NY to watch tv!Our stay was comfortable and enjoyable. We made the most of the complimentary coffee in the morning and totted up quite an impressive bar bill in the evening. We didn't eat there so can't comment I'm afraid.I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>ADDLille-France
<Content>Tr猫s bon h枚tel Nous avons s茅journ茅 5 jours pour le nouvel an au Sofitel de NYC.Sa situation est id茅ale au coeur de Manhattan et de Midtown north; 脿 proximit茅 imm茅diate de Broadway, de la 5猫me avenue, de Central Park, ...C'est un tr猫s bon h么tel, propre, bien entretenu, spacieux. D茅coration assez luxueuse mais sobre et de bon go没t. Nous avions retenu 3 chambres De Luxe avec une vue sympathique sur le Rockfeller Center, pour nos enfants et nous-m锚me. Les chambres sont d'assez petite taille mais propres, la literie est parfaite ainsi que la salle de bain.L'accueil est au standard de la chaine Sofitel c'est 脿 dire excellent. Un seul petit reproche: le service du petit d茅jeuner est un peu compliqu茅 et lent.Globalement 脿 recommander de toute 茅vidence.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DB01
<Content>Good location if it's your 1st time in NY Stayed at the Sofitel for 5 nights in January. Check-in was smooth  we were upgraded to a room on the 28th floor with a view of the Chrysler. Room was disappointing for the price we paid a little too bland for my taste, although the bathroom was in good order. Only 2 blocks from Times Square  with Fifth Ave at the end of the street, this hotel is in a great location if it's your 1st time in NY  your main aim is to see the sights. If you prefer something with more modern decor then this may not be for you. Personally I prefer to be in a less touristy location, but that said I think the staff are what really makes the Sofitel stand apart from other chain hotels, from housekeeping to the front desk. they are efficient  friendly.Can't comment on Gaby, but the attached bar area is a relaxing environment for a pre-dinner drink..  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>sidcorley
<Content>Great Location and Good Value We came to New York for the New Years celebrations and wanted a hotel close to Times Square. This is located between 4th and 5th Avenue on 44 west which is literally a 5 minute walk to Broadway and Times Square. Having stayed at the Sofitel in Budapest and reading the reviews on tripadvisor, we decided to give this a go and we were not disappointed. The Hotel itself is new, clean and the rooms are well furnished. The staff as always were courteous and friendly. It is a little expensive, don't bother having breakfast here; there is a good old fashioned diner 100 yards up the road and the french toast is to die for! The cost however isn't expensive in terms of what you get for your money, it was truly the most comfortable bed I've ever slept on! My wife and I will return for New Year here next time round and this is where we'll stay again.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dutchcouple
<Content>Not bad, some issues. We stayed at the Sofitel New York on 2 occasions, from dec. 22 till dec. 27 and again from jan 1 till jan. 5.During these stays we had 3 rooms, 1 normal room and 2 Junior Suites.This hotel has smoking and non-smoking rooms (floors).The smoking rooms are located on floors 8 and 24.We requested a Junior Suite, Smoking, King bed.We got the suites we requested, but strangely enough there was a big difference between the Junios suites we had on our first stay on the 24th floor and the one we had on our second stay on the 8th floor.Both rooms had some maintenace issues, the doors that lead to the bedroom had bend handles on them. In our first suite the showerhead was not properly stuck on the wall of the shower but it worked.The suites were nice. The one on the 24th floor had a strange layout with a relatively bigg hall and a small living area. The one on the 8th floor was much better. Both rooms were a bit dark, brown and could use a little brightning-up with more lively colours, they were a bit depressive now.As i said, the suites were quite different, for example the suite on the 8th floor had nice plasma tv's when the suite on the 24th had really old-fashioned normal tv's.We were not really happy about the housekeeping. We left in the morning and hen we came back in the afternoon our suite still had to be cleaned. If we called for cleanup it would always take at least 1 hour, sometimes 1 1/2 hour to get somebody to make up our room. This is not acceptable in my opinion.We ate in the restaurant once, not bad but nothing really special. The bar was ok but al little expensive. We had breakfast once in the restaurant but prefered to go a few doors down on 45th street where a great new bagelshop had just opened (Milk  Honey)When we came back for our second stay we arrived early in the morning (about 10 am). I asked if they might have a room available for us to rest and shower in until our suite would be ready (they said it would be ready at 5.00 pm, in reality it was 07.30 pm before we could get in our suite). At first nothing was available and that would mean waiting all day until our suite would be ready. After some stalking of the front desk a room was available at 12.00 am. This room was next to our suite. This was a normal king-room and it looked quite nice. Not much of a view (the same as for our suite) but that doesn't matter to me.Taking all into consideration this was a good stay, with a few minor issues, but looking at the rate we paid well woth it. We will stay here again when visiting New York.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	2	3	2	2	

<Author>bisonDublin
<Content>we love sofitel Fantastic. We are used to things being a little grim for the money in New York but this place was fantastic. Its only 6 years old and they are very nice here. The room we had was a superior Queen on the 10th floor (of 29). Only complaint was slightly noisy air-conditioning. But everything was fantastic.Umbrella`s at the door when it rained. Superb concierge with great restaurant recommendations. Beautiful breakfast. Nobody bugging me for tips all the time. All good.Warning: If you`re not used to taxes that don`t appear until you get the bill - beware. Our room was $254 per night but there was $35 in taxes on top of that that I knew nothing about until the bill appeared.If you don`t mind the price, this place is great. Superb lolcation also. Within 10 minute walk of all the shopping you could ever want. Within 10 minutes of broadway  time square.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Matt321
<Content>Good solid NYC hotel I'm from New York and usually stay in the Marriott when in town, but wanted something different for visiting my family for Thanksgiving - found this on expedia and took a shot (reading some reviews here)This was a very nice solid hotel. Rooms were nice and everything was as expected. The front desk folks were very helpful and friendlyI think I found a new NYC hotel when I'm on business trips as well. Much less crowded and better feel than the Marriott Marquis.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SnakeStyle
<Content>Pretty Nice. The rooms were clean, modern, and nicely decorated, but were a bit small. Our view was not so great, and the room could be a bit noisy, but overall I would recommend the hotel to others.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	3	2	

<Author>catcook80
<Content>Amazing Hotel, Highly Recommended, Would stay here again and again We stayed at the Sofitel New York hotel in early December for 4 nights, this was our first visit to New York and we wanted to book a special hotel that was in the right location for ease of getting around. The Sofitel seemed to fit the bill.We really couldn't have chosen a better hotel, the Sofitel New York is amazing, what an entrance. We can see why it is rated No.1 on TripAdvisor!We'd recommend that you pay that bit extra for one of the Deluxe rooms which are located on Floors 15-29. Our room was on the 21st floor, the view was good view and it was very quiet. It was a good size room, the marble bathroom with it's seperate shower was lovely. In all a spacious room. The beds are so comfortable, you'll get the best sleep ever!The hotel is in the ideal location for getting around easily, you are never far from shops, restaurants etc.The hotel staff are all very helpful, the bar is a cosy place to enjoy a drink or two. We really couldn't find any faults with the Sofitel New York.The complimentary web access and printer located in the main lobby are a great touch, as we found it very useful on our last night, as it meant we could check-in online for our flights back home and print out our boarding passes. Saving us time in the queues at JFK.Concierge at the hotel is excellent, we asked for recommendations on nearby restaurants, we were given a list but one of those was Keen's Steakhouse on West 36th Street, what a meal we had, the service was the best we've received anywhere and the food was amazing. If you appreaciate good food and wine, you really should go to Keen's.The Doormen are friendly  attentive. On our last day, we were offered a private hire car back to JFK for $60. Compared with $45(ish) for a Yellow cab, we decided to go for it. What a good choice! It was a great way to end our trip. We travelled in a luxury black people carrier, a Chrysler we think. The driver was friendly, gave us free bottled water and it was a very comfortable and stress free drive to the airport.Rather than have breakfast at the hotel, we had breakfast at the Diner along the road, turn right at the front entrance to the hotel, heading towards 6th avenue. It's a great wee place, busy but great service, and the breakfast menu is vast. We tried various items each day and we never left disappointed or hungry.Overall a wonderful hotel, we have recommended it to friends  family, and we will personally be staying at this hotel when we return to New York.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NorCalresident
<Content>great experience! Our family (we have teenagers) stayed at the Sofitel recently and I was highly satisfied. The hotel is in an excellent location, though some cabbies are unfamiliar with the hotel (it's in the middle of a block). We were checked in immediately, with great courtesy. We all found the hotel to be surprisingly quiet, which is a benefit when you are in the middle of such a busy area. The service was fine, except we didn't especially favor the restaurant. Following the advice of a post sometime ago, we went down the street to the Red Flame for breakfast - fine. Naturally, I was aware there are lots of excellent restaurants for dinner in the city but as first-time visitors (except I went to NYC as a child) we didn't really know any. The Concierge staff were very helpful with this, we liked the reservations they made for us as they matched our request. We found the Housekeeping to be what one would expect for a high-end hotel. I hope to be able to return return soon to the Sofitel.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>jdf3361
<Content>One of the best if not THE best hotel in New York city I visit New York City three times each year. This was my second stay at this Sofitel and I do not intend to seek different lodging on any trip to NYC. The hotel is in a convenient location for the business functions that I attend, a few blocks from Times Square and Grand Central, tons of great restaurants within a few blocks as well as good shopping - so location wise, for me, it is superb.The front desk is extremely well staffed with from four to six desk agents throughout the day and evening. They are each extremely pleasant, well informed, meticulously attired, and peform the check in and check out process with precision. The lobby area has several seating areas conducive to simply relax, meet with friends, have an impromptu business chat or check e-mail on one of four computers in a private area off of the lobby. The lobby is always staffed by a uniformed employee keeping an eye on things and there to handle simple directions.The rooms are average to mid-size, especially for a major city. The rooms that I, and colleagues, have had are exceptionally well maintained, have all amenities that you could possibly need and have nice small touches such as fresh flowers in the bathroom and a bed that is luxurious. Room service is prompt, very good quality and as pricey as you would expect. The cafe/bar is a great place to relax with a cocktail and is very well staffed and reasonably priced.It is rare to find a hotel where everything is as you wish, but this is one of those rare finds - quality lodging, efficient service and good location. At almost $600/night it is pricey - perhaps the only thing that I could fault.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dallasprincess
<Content>Great Christmas Vacation The Sofitel was the best hotel decision we've ever made. I've always found this website helpful and have used the reviews for hotel decisions and have never gone wrong. I thought I would contribute this time. The hotel is stunningly beautiful and right in the midst of midtown. It's located on 44th street between 5th and 6th avenues, so it's basically in walking distance of all the great shopping on 5th. My husband and I enjoyed the Christmas lights, music and shopping along Rockefeller Center and were most impressed by the lights and music on the Saks Fifth Avenue building. If you like the hustle and bustle of Times Square, you are only about two blocks away from the hotel but at least you are not actually on Times Square which was a bit noisy and not really our taste. The rooms are beautiful and beds are super comfortable. Staff is friendly and helpful and the concierge helped us by phone while we were out and about. The Sofitel is also in very close proximity to Grand Central Station so we were able to get all around NYC by subway without much trouble. We loved this hotel and would come back again. The pictures don't even do the hotel justice.Thanks to all the other travellers who have helped us make our decision by writing such helpful reviews!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Weegie1
<Content>Very good. Fantastic location We stayed here for 5 nights in November as a stopover from flying home from visting relatives from Houston. Having stayed in NY several times in the last few years this was the first time in the Sofitel and was booked purely on the strength of reviews from Trip advisor.Previously we had stayed at the Plaza as a 30th birthday pressie to my wife in a great room (sad to see its being turned into apartments) and before that I had stayed at other hotels around Central Park area. This was the first time we had stayed more centrally and to be fair I had some concerns that noise would be an issue. However, this was not the case.The room was good without being great, but being a light sleeper this was more than made up for by the fact it was quiet. And in a busy, hustling city like NY, this is a blessing. The location could not be better. Basically two blocks to Times Square and almost everything in close reach. Having stayed near Central Park previously the one criticism of that area is that it is a fair old walk down to the Theatre District and Macy's etc etc.From the Sofitel its fantastic. Everything is within walking distance altho I would still recommend the bus tour 2 day pass as a means to getting around New York cheaply. And you learn things on the way round also!The Hotel foyer and lobby is beautiful and spotlessly clean. The service is great and mostly the concierge is very helpful. The guys at the door are even more helpful and a good means of information. A couple of helpful hints.Use the Hotel's town car service for pick up and drop off's at the airport. It's only marginally dearer than a standard cab, and an aawful lot more comfortable. When you add toll fees etc to a standard cab its practically the same. The hotel arrange this without hassle. The guys at the door can also aid you with this on the way back.Avoid the Hotel bar...its pretentious beyond belief and the service here (unlike the rest of the Hotel) was very very poor. They were more interested in preening themselves and looking cool for the business people populating the bar than actually serving anyone. Besides NY is full of good bars and restaurants (by the way the Indian restaurant 200yds to the left down the street of the Sofitel is very very good).Overall, I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a great starting base in NY. Its clean, comfortable and stylish. Even better, if you get a deal I cant think of better value in NY, as its location is perfect. We'll be back here...we'll just avoid the bar!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>stinly
<Content>Out of their way outstanding We did our annual shopping trip in New York and stayed at the Sofitel. I had holds on places like the W, The Palace and The Westin Times Square but none of those compare. Sofitel brings the sophistication of Europe to 5th Ave in a way many others cannot. I am a longtime guest of the Essex House but since their change of ownership didn't have a favorite. I do now.Check in was immediate, friendly and accurate. This was a busy weekend in New York and it could have been problematic. I like their bellman bells that they play for front service.The room was as planned and clean as you see in other reviews. Of course I found a few black spots in the shower but nothing like some of the photos you see herein of the W etc. This place visits your room twice daily to attend to things.Extra towels and room service were 20 minutes or less. They could use an update to electronics with flatscreens and free WiFi but that's minor. I am sure they will figure it out. The towels had a holiday inn feel to them also, but again, they will figure it out if enough of us complain.I couldnt find my ipod charger and their faulous head of security John Sheehan not only found one left by another guest but charged my ipod while i was out shopping. Front door staff and such were efficient too.The only downside (and why i gave only 4 dots instead of 5) is that their bar and restaurant are lacking any type of ambiance and panache that most New York 5th avenue area hotels have. At the holiday time, there are great fireplaces crackling, nice cocktails moving about and cheer. Not here. The bartender was majorly UNDER and he was complaining to his boss. The boss, in turn, was complaining about him to another worker. It was very unprofessional. They are also not wheelchair proficient (I am not a user but...) so that our stroller had to go down a bunch of stairs to get to the bar/restaurant.The breakfast was average and very expensive. Try Norma's at the Le Meridien for breakfast. That place rocks. All in all I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a great location and attention to minor details.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>southsider1972
<Content>Fab location, lovely hotel.       The famous sofitel bed!  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>5	1	2	1	2	2	2	2	

<Author>dueykairyup
<Content>Fantastic staff at the Sofitel Not that I have a ton of experience staying in big city hotels, but I have enough to know that the staff makes or breaks an experience. And I must say that the staff at the Hotel Sofitel NYC was over-the-top.  There were eleven of us (ranging in age between 6 and 75) plus luggage plus a wheelchair traveling in a very large stretch hummer. Upon our arrival the doormen and bellhops were incredibly personable, professional, and efficient unloading our luggage and whisking it away and then gracefully ushering us into the grand hotel. We arrived well before check-in time, yet four of our five rooms were already prepared. The staff at the reception desk was very friendly and handled the confusion of our particular check-in quite quickly (five rooms reserved under different names but paid for by me). Although we were on a smoking floor (as requested), the smell was very negligible. That's remarkable. Our rooms were impeccably clean, and throughout our stay the 24-hour housekeeping staff on our floor (the 8th floor) was very attentive. I will say, however, that although we all received turn-down service (which included complimentary bottles of Evian water), only some of us got all of the little touches such as the box of chocolates while some of us didn't -- that would be my only comment.Room service was quick and efficient and, I feel, well-priced. A plate of delicious cheeses and fruit for two was $12.00 and arrived within 15 minutes. The concierge desk provided asked-for information with professionalism. The doormen were so observant and anticipated our approach every time鈥攏ot once did any of us have to open a door ourselves. Although we never needed a taxi, I did observe how quickly and efficiently one was hailed for others many times. Check-out was also handled quite quickly, and I was very impressed with the doorman who cleared the much-congested roadway outside for our hummer to pull up to the door. I must mention Catherine (not certain of the spelling of her name), the front desk manager who administered our reservation and who was on duty during our weekend stay. I cannot say enough about her. She handled the arrangement of our five rooms with aplomb so that all of us could be accommodated comfortably and together. During our stay she was indescribably attentive, especially honoring my daughter with some special birthday gifts (which was the reason for the trip -- my daughter's 18th birthday). Catherine made us feel as if we were the most important guests in the hotel -- she remembered what our planned activities were and every time we entered the lobby she came out from behind the reception desk to ask how we enjoyed such-n-such. She is an incredible asset to the Hotel Sofitel NYC. I cannot thank her and the staff enough for such a memorable stay.As for the accommodations themselves, the rooms were small BUT much larger than expected. We have experienced that rooms in NYC hotels tend to be small, but at the Sofitel we did not feel cramped thanks to the mirrored closet doors on one side and the huge window on the other. A plus is that the window can be opened for fresh air.The room had just about everything one could need 鈥?except a coffee maker (presumably 24-hour room service can handle that request). The honors bar was well-stocked with snacks and drinks (alcoholic and nonalcoholic). The price list was in the closet (along with the safe and a basket of other necessities) which was a little bit too much out of the way to find before indulging, and we discovered, after the fact, that prices were very expensive ($4.50 for a small can of Pringles, for example, but I鈥檓 not experienced enough to know if this is 鈥渘ormal鈥?)With a variety of pillows and a pillow-top mattress, the beds were very comfortable except that, although wonderfully fluffy, the duvet was the sole covering and it was a little too heavy and too warm. Adding a sheet as an alternative would have been ideal (and I鈥檓 sure a call to housekeeping could have solved that.) Among our five rooms we had 2 kings, 2 queens, and a room with 2 twins. The king was large enough to accommodate two adults and a 6-year-old. There would have been space in any of our five rooms for a rollaway although it would have been tight.The bathroom was huge and had a tub with hand-held shower and a separate shower stall. The countertop was expansive and held a variety of luxuries including fresh flowers and a candle, as well as many nicely-appointed necessities. The mirror was large and well-lit and somehow did not fog up during a hot shower. There was also a swing-away magnifying mirror. Excellent water pressure made for a superior shower. The towels were over-sized and absorbent, and the complimentary bathrobe was a great plus. Use of the bathmat was mandatory since the beautiful marble floor was very slippery when wet. Privacy was compromised a little bit due to the crack between the double doors of the bathroom; however, the doors were not facing into the room itself, so it wasn鈥檛 a huge issue. Two fun touches were the commode seat that closed automatically and the hidden speaker which piped in the sound from the TV.The room was well lit with a number of lamps. As for electronics and technology, high speed internet access was available for an extra fee, and there was a keyboard of some type for wireless access to something on the TV. None of us had time to try out either of these. The alarm clock was too much of a high-tech gizmo for any of us to figure out. One in our party gave up and called the front desk for a wake-up call (which they received exactly on time in the morning.)We didn鈥檛 eat at the Gaby restaurant on-site in the hotel, but we did stop in at the bar just before last call (midnight). It wasn鈥檛 crowded at this time and there was only one server. He made up for the unfortunate slow service by offering us another round even though it was past last call鈥攁 nice touch.I don't believe there is a health club on-site, and I'm not certain if Sofitel has a partnership with a private club -- we didn't have time to pursue that amenity. The public areas of the hotel included a lovely gift shop and a large lobby full of very comfortable chairs and couches and tables. There was a fireplace full of lit candles, and being the holiday season, the Christmas decorations were beautiful and elegant. French influence was found everywhere from the accents of the staff and their welcoming 鈥渂onjours鈥?to the magazines and newspapers found in the lobby and the gift shop.For some, the price may be deemed expensive, but I feel that $500 per night for accommodations of this caliber in NYC during the Christmas season was a good value. The hotel鈥檚 location was perfect: 陆 block east was Fifth Avenue and two blocks west was Times Square. Although 44th Street was sometimes congested, it was incredibly quiet and calming inside the hotel.Without a doubt we will stay at the Hotel Sofitel NYC again. As well, if ever in a city that has a Sofitel, we will purposely seek it out. It is my belief that a fantastic staff is not unique in the NYC location but that top-notch service is a philosophy of Sofitel.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bboger
<Content>Worth the money I'm not a luxury traveler, but I will spend the money if necessary to ensure a great trip. After reading many travel horror stories about hotels (fleas, shared baths) in new york city, I decided to opt for high-priced to avoid any disasters. The Sofitel turned out to be well worth the money. Great location. Attentive staff. And not too busy. You never felt rushed and there were never any lines, not even for taxis or the concierge. We arrived around 8AM at the hotel and we were just planning on leaving our luggage, but they had a room available so they let us check in. That was a pleasant surprise. Everything is expensive in new york in December, but short of the Plaza or Le Meridien, Sofitel was a perfect match of price and comfort. I look forward to staying there again in the future, sometime other than Christmas when it is a little less expensive!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>City-Sights10
<Content>Excellent Hotel in excellent location This hotel certainly lives up to all the excellent reviews on Tripadvisor. I booked it on the recommendations on this site and wasn't disappointed.We arrived at 1pm and the receptionist went personally to check if our room was ready, after he confirmed that it was he showed us to it and we were very pleased with it. We were on the 20th floor with a lovely view of The Chrysler Building. The room was very clean and the bed was very comfortable. There was a complimentary bottle of bubbly on ice,(for my wife's birthday).The location of the hotel is excellent, with most of the main tourist attractions within walking distance. (Empire State 10 blocks, Central Park 15 Blocks, Time Square 2 Blocks, Central Station 2 Blocks) We didnt need to use taxis or the tube, instead we bought hop on Hop off bus tickets which not only get you to all of the tourist sites but the commentaries are very entertaining.We didnt eat at the hotel so cant comment on the food, but there are plenty of good food restaurants within a couple of blocks.I would certainly recommend this Hotel and we will definately stay there again, couldn't fault them on anything.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Devon_girls
<Content>Amazing hotel fantastic staff One of the nicest hotels I have ever stayed in. The rooms were beautiful and very comfortable. The location is perfect just tucked away in a quiet road near Times Square. It was my friends 30th birthday and the hotel upgraded our room and gave us a free bottle of champagne which was really good of them. We were on 22nd floor and the view from our window was breathtaking.The staff could not have been nicer. Reception staff very friendly and helpful, the maids and bell boys were really good and the concierge was very helpful - he booked us in to some fabulous restaurants.I will never stay at another hotel in New York again - this place is fabulous. Can't wait to return next year.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sally_n
<Content>Good location I think the hotel disappointed us because of all the good reviews. Also a lesson - we should have told them it was my birthday (which it was). In contrast to other reviews, there was no wine/champagne in the room and our bedtime treat was strictly a bottle of evian - not a single chocolate the whole stay! The bed was comfortable (very similar to the Malmaison chain in the UK) and the location was excellent. However, I didn't find the room (admittedly a lower floor) was any better or worse, bigger or smaller than any other good 4-star city centre hotel. I'm glad it was a short stay as there was very little clothes storage. I also thought that there was a lack of information in our room-only on the last day did I discover the internet access in the reception area. It was a busy time (Thanksgiving) and, when contact with staff was neccessary, such as check-in, they were polite and friendly, but I didn't really feel particularly welcomed into the hotel. I would have no hesitation in staying there again, but it is a good city 4 star (not 5 star) hotel and please don't be disappointed by the fact that some reviews might indicate otherwise.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Chickendale
<Content>Heavenly hotel We decided to stay at the Sofitel after reading comments on Trip Advisor about how nasty some of the other places were. We do not have nasty carpets or mice in our home, so why would we pay to stay in a place that did have those terrible things? The Sofitel lived up to the reviews that were posted. The beds are wonderful, clean carpets, huge bathroom (for a hotel), nightly turndowns, French chocolates,  2 blocks east of Time Square. All of the staff were very helpful and friendly. We will be staying there again on our next trip.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AMC_Micheldever
<Content>Great hotel I spent 6 nights with my wife at the Sofitel NY. The hotel even was better than I expected, I could not fault the it. Good size room, the bed was the best I have ever found in a hotel. The staff were very helpful  professional. The location is perfect. I thought the breakfast was excellent  worth the cost, despite what other may say.Tips : No room kettle, so take your own. Book well in advance, my last night cost me $479 booked in May, or $950 on the night  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>JDSeattle
<Content>Eight Days...of Excellence Stayed a week at this hotel last year, and returned for the same week again this year and stayed eight days (Thanksgiving week). We had a room facing the Chrysler building on the 20th (22nd?) floor and for NY...was large enough for our needs. Mirrored closet, immaculate bathroom, the bed extremely comfortable. Utilized the services of the concierge - no issues there. Had drinks in the bar (Gaby's)...perfect martinis. Used the 4pm late check out without a hitch (some issues last year) and all staff we interacted with were professionals. I will definitely stay at this hotel again next year.The only issue - we were a bit close to the elevator and I could hear the noise in the morning. I'll remember to request a room further away from the elevator next year.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NikkiT75
<Content>Fabulous - the softest bed ever in a great location I booked the sofitel at the last minute after getting a bit of a discount after doing a little bit of searching  joining the hotel's privilege club. The reception area is very nice with friendly receptionists. It is a french hotel chain, you are always welcomed with Bonjour or bonsoir, which personally annoyed me, but others may find this sophisticated!We had upgraded to a room with a king size bed, which on the web was only up to the 14th floor but as I had previously joined the privilege club online (do this at least 2 months before as it takes ages for the card to come through) we were upgraded to the 20th floor and had a view of the Chrysler building which is nice BUT I would say this is also at the back of the hotel - but who cares you are not in your room all day, so looking out of the window and seeing the lit up chrysler definitely made me realised I was in NYC. The bed though was the most fantastic thing in the room (which was normal New York size - small, the benjamin is a lot bigger) it was so soft it was heaven after a heavy day walking around the city.In the room every night was a box of 4 chocolates  2 small bottles of water which were free and appreciated.I had also happened to mention that it was our anniversary and like others who had stayed at the hotel before us who were also celebrating we had a bottle of champagne on ice waiting for us when we got there.The Gaby bar - was very nice which also served a small selection of bar food/sandwiches but it is expensive $11+tip for a beer and a juice.The location of the hotel is very handy just 2 streets over from times square so close enough to walk to with no effort at all and also far enough away so you do not hear the Times Sq bustle.For breakfast I had read that others had eaten at the Red Flame diner just past the hotel and I would agree that this was very nice, quick service and very good food at a decent price.One thing I must say is the taxes are not included normally in the prices on the hotels website which were a little bit more than I expected but still ok in the scheme of things.Overall we will definitely be staying at this hotel again without any hesitation at all just for the nights sleep alone - in fact now looking into changing my own bedding at home to match it!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Macken
<Content>excellent hotel Stayed in this hotel for a week-end in May 2006 principally on basis of reviews on this site. Was not disappointed. Arrived lateish on Friday but were met at reception with efficiency and courtesy. Rooms were of high standard and remarkably quiet given the location of the hotel. Restaurant was near closing but were able to order a very fine meal from most pleasant staff. Brilliant location and could walk everywhere. Remarkable change around Times Square from my last visit there twenty years ago. Zero tolerance works. Had a great week-end and the Sofitel contributed to enjoyment. Will return  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>TheStewarts
<Content>Totally Impressed with Sofitel Having read previous reviews before booking this hotel, we were not disappointed and it exceeded all our expectations. Without a doubt, Sofitel is the best hotel we have ever stayed in. Knowing how New York hotel rooms are often described as small, these hotel bedrooms are big even by UK standards. Great location, great hotel, helpful and friendly staff - can't wait to go back. If you get the opportunity and are visiting November or December, the Radio City Christmas Spectacular is not to be missed. An outstanding show, unique to New York. If you want to really splash out, a visit to Tavern On The Green in Central Park is a real experience. Quite pricey but an exceptional restaurant, especially at Christmas time when the decorations are unbelievable.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jojomillar
<Content>Fab Hotel lived up to the reviews Just back from NYC.We booked the hotel and flight through expedia room only. Had never heard of the hotel before but read reviews, so we expected a lot. We weren't disappointed, our room was on the 12th floor superior queen. Bed was fab and bathroom lovely.Nice touches like the Evian water each night. We didn't eat in Gaby's but had a few cocktails !! The hotel was very central so we walked most places.Close to the subway and Grand Central Station( very impressed with Grand Central lovely restaurants and beautiful ceiling, go and see !! ) There are lots places to eat, try the Red Flame for breakie and snacks very reasonable. Went to Little Italy for a meal really nice !The Concierge was very helpful for info for shows  shopping.Only issue we had was changing money, they seemed to have to different rules depending who you got and some times they had to go searching for money, which seemed strange for an advertised hotel service.Be warned about JFK, give yourself plenty of time to get there and to queue and boy did we queue !!! Overall fab hotel.....would stay there again !!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>B_G_C_M_P
<Content>Such an oasis This is jewel of peace and quiet in midtown Manhattan. The staff was attentive, knowledgeable, warm and provided privacy as needed. The beds were like floating on a cloud, the food superb, and there was no noise!I cant imagine anything overlooked in the room as there was a safe, robes and slippers, internet, etc. Truly European hospitality.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Paul&Anne
<Content>Great hotel Excellent location - 3 minutes from Times Square and the subway,Excellent staff - always friendly and very helpfulExcellent decor in the rooms and the Lounge.We'll stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>enty
<Content>Fantastic luxury hotel Have just returned from a fantastic trip to NYC, the Sofitel was the icing on the cake! Booked based purely on all the good reviews here on trip adviser and all were greatly deserved. We followed the advice to join the Sofitel Loyalty program and received a free drink voucher on arrival and a 4pm check out time which was well worth it due to our evening flight. We also emailed the hotel prior to arrival to let them know this was a birthday trip and received on the 1st night a bottle of champagne, chocolates and birthday message from the hotel management. All the staff from reception to maid service provided excellent service. The location was just off 5th avenue and having stayed near Maddison Sqaure Gardens on previous visits you could definitely tell this was a more upmarket area. Our room had a fantastic view, the comfiest bed we have ever slept in and the bathroom was pure marble luxury. The fresh flower, candle, french toiletries and separate bath  huge walk in shower made all the difference after a hard day sightseeing. The free evian water left each evening along with the next day weather report were greatly appreciated.The bar was a little expensive but only to be expected in a hotel of this quality and city prices. It was a great place to meet for a quick drink prior to a night out, the coctails were delicious and the olives/cheese snacks a nice touch. We did not try room service or Gaby's restuarant but as we will definitely be visiting this hotel again will give it a try on our 1st jetlagged evening. The Red Flame diner a few doors down was perfectly Ok for breakfast, very fast service but we have had better coffee shop food elsewhere in New York. Yes, the Sofitel is a bit more expensive than other 4star alternatives in New York, but could definitly justify the extra cost for all the extra quality and attention to detail, this was more like 5 star stay by New York standards. I don't think we would book in anywhere else when we visit this amazing city again.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tinka14
<Content>True to all the positive reviews about this hotel! My husband was lucky enough to be awarded a trip to New York for his efforts at work so we had a choice of 4 star hotels for a 4 night stay and based on the reviews on tripadvisor.com, we decided to stay at the Sofitel...plus the fact that the hotel is excellently located for Times Sq, Broadway, 5th and 6th Avenues and Central Park, plus the Rockefeller Centre, Grand Central station and more! We did a lot of walking! I managed to get a Sofitel Privilege card in advance and emailed the hotel a few days before our arrival asking for a room with a view of the Chrysler Building which upon on arrival we were duly upgraded to, room 2200...lovely spacious room, great view....our only niggles were the air con was a bit noisy but we didn't need it so switched it off and you could hear the lift shaft noises but we usually fell asleep very quickly on those great big comfy beds and the lifts never woke us up. We ate once in the hotel and although the breakfast and service was very good, the price was horrendous...$50!!!! So we tended to eat our breakfast at the Red Flame Diner a few doors down which was usually near full with tourists and with locals, always a good sign. The food there was always promptly served up and the service was good...I wouldn't say the food was outstanding but was nice and a lot cheaper! The hotel was very clean and the staff were there but unobtrusive which suited us, we only used the concierge once and just asked a question about a taxi to get us to the heliport (as we had a helicopter trip included - fantastic - do it!)...the free internet service in the lobby is a great touch and enabled us to do a bit more research about our trip and send emails back home! We only seemed to get the Evian water at night (no chocs!) but it was a nice touch. We would say that the Sofitel deserves it's 4 star rating and we would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>OAFCBoy
<Content>Great but very, very posh Just returned from a five night stay at The Sofitel.Going for a 21st celebration the hotel noted this and left a complimentary bottle as seems to be the norm now. Rooms were very well looked after. At times felt a little under dressed though as many seemed to be their on business and we were there for pleasure. Did receive some funny looks in the lobby but hey who treks round on holiday in a suit, I do that at work back here!One or two slight problems. We were told by the doorman that as it was Parade on Thursday we should leave at 12pm for a 6pm flight as traffic would be heavy and we could be in traffic for sometime. It wasn't and we arrived at 12.30pm. So 5 and half hours of waiting for us. Secondly a charge for the inhouse restaurant was placed on my bill - despite me never visiting it. Thankfully this was soon cleared up. Visited the Red Flame once and found it to be fine for a quick grab and go.Overall I'd say 4/5, it's a really nice hotel, maybe aimed at the better dressed traveller on business in my opinion than twenty somethings on a few nights break.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>gill63
<Content>very good hotel in an excellent location This is a very good hotel in an excellent location on west 44th street. Ideal for sight seeing.Beautiful art deco lobby. Very good and helpful staff. Comfortable rooms. We had one of the cheaper rooms which didn't have a view but did have opening windows and one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in! Breakfast was super but expensive. There is a great little diner about 100yards from the hotel which was a fraction of the price for breakfast.Excellent location for sight seeing. A short walk from Times Square and the subway. I am delighted to recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>mom_and_traveler
<Content>Excellent location and experience My husband and I spent two nights at the Sofitel and were very pleased. We loved the central location. We were able to walk to Times Square, St. Patrick's, Rockefeller Center, Grand Central and MoMA. There are many subway stops within a few blocks. Even with the central location, the room (No. 1423) was perfectly quiet. The amenities were comforting -- a dreamy bed (though it is much shorter than our queen-sized bed at home), thick robes and a pair of women's slippers, quality bathroom products, a beautiful, roomy and clean bathroom, champagne upon arrival (for my husband's birthday). As other reviews have mentioned, we did miss access to a coffee maker in the room or complimentary coffee in the lobby, but that is a minor complaint.Room service arrived in about 10 minutes. The apple caramel crepes and French toast with fresh fruit were delicious. The service was excellent, especially from Brooke at the front desk. Dinner at the Gaby was good -- not as excellent as other options, but safe and reliable. (We especially loved lunch at the Bar Room at MoMA and dinner at Blue Hill, near NYU.)When we return to New York, we'd love to stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MrMrsM,Reading
<Content>Fantastic Just returned from a long weekend in NYC with my husband who was celebrating his 40th birthday. We booked this hotel purely on the reviews we had seen on this site and we were not disappointed. The hotel location is perfect. The bed was to die for - if was sooo comfortable. A bottle of champagne, chocolates and a birthday note were delivered to our room the evening we arrived. We did have a slight hick-up with the bathroom - the toilet did not flush properly - the following day we were moved from the 12th to the 20th floor which gave us a fantastic view of the Chrysler Builder and if you pressed your face against the window you could see the Empire State Building too! Daniel on the concierge desk was extremely helpful in helping us find a particular gift for our son, and recommending/booking some restaurants for us. We did not eat in hotel but used the Red Flame Diner a couple of doors down for breakfast which was perfectly adequate. Can't wait to go back to NYC and will definitely stay here again. Only downfall was that there were no tea/coffee making facilities in the room.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JHoney
<Content>A lovely experience My husband and I booked a room here, and at the last minute asked for an adjoining room with twin beds for our son and his friend, who decided to join us. The rooms were at the end of the hall, across from each other, with a door that could close off our two rooms from the rest of the floor. We just kept our room doors open so we could keep an eye on the teenagers. The rooms were spotless, and the complimentary nightly bottles of Evian water were a nice touch. The beds and pillows were comfortable, and maid service was twice a day. The doorman was always able to get us a cab, and we were always greeted warmly by the staff. The hotel rooms ARE expensive, however. I think that with a little advance planning we would have been able to get a better deal. A warning -- don't pay $10 for a bowl of room service cereal. Walk down the street to one of the many restaurants around the area.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	-1	4	

<Author>Mafi
<Content>Excellent Hotel Stayed at the Sofitel from November 3rd to 5th. Great location. The hotel was spotless, the staff courteous and accomodating and the room nicely appointed. We will be using this hotel again for our New York weekends.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CAROLE3
<Content>Comfortable               More photos  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	4	4	4	2	4	

<Author>Picky67
<Content>Heavenly!!! Recently stayed for 2 nights and it was heavenly!!! Great Lobby, great front desk staff; upgraded our room from 7th to 24th and it gave us access to a balcony/terrace! The room was huge with a sitting room and a large size bedroom with a fabulous bathroom. My husband and I are very picky travellers and we pay attention to the details. Two complimentary drinks tickets, and Champagne delivered for our Anniversary, with a special letter! Very fine touches, of fresh flowers, water and chocolates for an evening turn down. Really nice decor and quality of room furniture. WE LOVED the bed, and the bathroom the most!We would definitely stay here again! Great location, great bellman, and even gave guests access to 3 computers in a private area off the lobby! Extremely attentive to the guests needs! Love it!!!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mrsje
<Content>Sofitel is a gem I had originally booked a different hotel in New York, but based on rave reviews for the Sofitel I changed the booking, and was very glad that I did so. We liked the hotel very much - the location is excellent on West 44 th Street - within easy walking distance of 5th Avenue, Times Square and Broadway. The staff were very pleasant and helpful without being intrusive, the hotel public areas were comfortable, and the food in the bar and restaurant very good - as were the attentive staff. My only complaint was the chill in the restaurant, a cold draught was coming through the front doors and it was not pleasant to sit near them. Our room was a good size, completely quiet and spotlessly clean, with a lovely comfortable bed. The bathroom was super, a bath with shower attachment plus a separate shower cubicle. The hotel seems to try that extra bit harder - two small bottles of Evian were left in the room each evening, and the the large candle and spray of orchids left in the bathoom were a lovely touch and much appreciated. The Sofitel is a gem.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jo&Ste
<Content>A good hotel Just returned from a 5 night stay in the Sofitel. Overall we liked the location - only 2 blocks from Grand Central, easily walkable even with suitcases and 2 blocks from Times Square for tourist buses. Near the theatre (we saw the Producers at St James' theatre which was fantastic) but although Fifth and Sixth Avenues were close, it didn't feel like a busy street. Diner on the same street - but very busy at breakfast time. We were moved up from the 7th to the 26th floor on request (reception staff were extremely friendly and 'can do', but be warned, the view came with the compromise of having to hear the rattle of the elevator machinery at the top of the building! Room was big but not a huge amount of storage aspace. Getting little bottles of water and chocolates in the room was nice. The bed was very comfy and surprisingly not too hot. Bathroom to die for - gorgeous shower and lovely decor - huge, too. Didn't have time for a soak in the separate tub though unfortunately! The only thing we didn't like was the concierge staff, who were stuck behind a tiny desk at the front of the hotel and didn't seem over-friendly. We were recommended a good Mexican restaurant by Daniel, but we didn't like it and did not ask their advice again. Don't waste your money in the hotle restaurant - go to Candle 79 on 79th St instead it was the best meal I have ever had!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>CE1927
<Content>Fantastic Just came back from 4 nights and thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the sofitel. All the staff were excellant and the hotel was very comfortable. For a 1st time in New York this was the hotel to stay!! 2 min walk from times square and broadway one way and about 10 min walk to rockafeller centre and further 5mins to central park the other way.Rooms were very nice and spacious, every ammenity you require and the bed was the best we've ever slept in!!!Definately woth a stay while in New York!!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>tripadvjunkie
<Content>Nothing Special We were really looking forward to our stay at this hotel for our 20th anniversary based on other reviews. Stayed at this property October 27 - 31,2006. We booked directly through the hotel's website and paid full price.One good thing is that the hotel rooms are exceptionally quiet and you do not hear any street noise. Also, because it was our anniversary, a bottle of champagne was sent to our room. Nice touch.However, we were not exceptionally pleased by either the hotel or its staff. The room was clean and of adequate size. However, the shower backed up in the first few seconds that the water was turned on, and you were left standing in ankle-deep water throughout your shower which eventually ran out onto the bathroom floor. We twice requested maintenance to fix it, but they never did. We were left with the impression that the staff just didn't think this was any big deal. The second time we requested maintenance, we were asked if we wanted a different room. However, no offer to actually move our unpacked clothing was ever mentioned. Obviously, they staff was not exceptionally helpful or this problem would have been fixed the first time we asked about it. Because of this, I doubt very much that we will be staying here again.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>MarkBarrow
<Content>Sofitel exceeded expectations Booked the Sofitel based on other reviews on this site and on arrival in West 44th Street was underwhelmed by entrance. However once we walked into the lobby we were amazed at the quality of the hotel and its excellent staff. The rooms are large for New York and on the higher floors very quiet. The bathroom in our suite was large with seperate bath and shower. Would not hesitate to stay here again as it is in an excellent location between Times Square and Grand Central. The hotel facilities are good as well with a good restaurant and pleasant Bar. The only slight problem was a lack of Coffee/Tea making facilities in room.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NewTravelerFL
<Content>Sofitel NY Fantastic Hotel I loved the Sofitel in New York. I grew up on Long Island but haven't lived there in many years. I had never taken a real tourist trip to Manhattan. So, when I decided to take a quick trip to Manhattan during peak autumn season to pamper myself and play tourist, I did extensive research on the internet to find the right hotel. My criteria for this particular visit was 1) close to the best shopping and Broadway 2) ultra comfortable bed and 3) a soaking tub or jacuzzi. I had looked at and really wanted a bathroom like the one pictured on the Four Seasons website. After much searching, I found the Sofitel. I had never heard of them and could not find anyone who had. But it felt like the right place and I am so glad I chose it. I stayed for three nights in a King Suite (note: the tubs are not extra deep unless you get this type of room). I had requested a higher floor when I booked my room online. However, when I arrived I was going to be on the 7th floor (not a great view). So, I just happened to ask if there were any higher rooms available and they put me in a terrific suite with a terrace and a great view. Every single person that I encountered at the Sofitel exemplified perfect service. The hotel and rooms were immaculate and very comfortable. The beds are like sleeping on a cloud. The bathroom was perfect for long hot soaks after walking around New York all day. The decor is nice... warm, classy and contemporary at the same time. I did not get a chance to try the restaurant or bar at this hotel, but I can't imagine anything bad at this hotel. I wish more establishments held themselves to this level of service. If you are choosy, this is the place. It's not cheap, but it's worth every penny.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>tracee3d
<Content>Awesome Location, Everything you expect from a 5 star hotel. We travel a lot and have stayed at many 5 star hotels, but with the high prices in NYC, we had to opt for something more reasonable. Sofitel NY could easily qualify for a 5 star in our opinion. It was in the middle of NYC, a few blocks to the Time Square, Radio City Music Hall, Museum of Modern Art, Central Park, all the shopping on the 5th Avenue, and had a great view of the Chrysler Building. We even walked to the Metropolitan Museum of Art, Museum of Natural History, the Empire State Building, Union Square, and Soho. Perfect location for tourists. Service was excellent, too. Very clean and neat. It also had free internet access with a printer by the lobby 24 hours, which was very convenient. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AnnieTO
<Content>It was OK We stayed at Sofitel from October 19 - 24, 2006. We booked based on all the amazing reviews here on Tripadvisor. Although the hotel itself was in a great location and the rooms spacious and comfortable I can't say that it was the best experience we have ever had. For one, I have an allergy to goose down and when I requested a duvet or bed spread not filled with it, they only thing they had was a ratty blanket that didn't have a cover that fit. They really should have alternatives for clients with allergies. The second thing that really bothered us was interuptions by housekeeping. On our last day there we had the late 4pm check out and were both fighting colds, so we were resting before our flight. Housekeeping must have knocked on the door 3 or 4 times between 3 and 4pm to see if we had left yet. 4pm means 4pm to us and if we need you before then, we'll call. One time I was just coming out of the bathroom and she practically already had the door open. Very disturbing. Make sure you have the do not disturb sign on your door or they will keep coming back. We thought that one warning that we were still there was enough, apparently not. We used the conceirge to make a late dinner suggestion for us and he made the reservation under the wrong name. There was no harm done, but for someone expecting a tip it was a little unprofessional. Front desk suggested we tip $10 for this! What the....for a dinner place suggestion? We didn't even ask him to make a reservation, he just did. The hotel was clean, excellent location if you want to stay midtown, the room clean, the bathroom nice, the room spacious, the staff polite etc. Sofitel just seemed to lack character. Eat breakfast at the Red Flame just down the street towards 6th Ave - it was fast and cheap. Definitely the way to go for breakfast.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>halfp
<Content>Brilliant!! A worthy #1We wanted a good hotel in New York and noted that Sofitel was #1 and after reading the reviews decided to book. We were not disappointed. A fabulous location; Time Squre, Grand Central Station, 5th Avenue, Broadway and more all within a short distance. We were upgraded to a king size room and had a bottle of champagne and some chocolates with a very nice letter when we retuerned to the room on the first night, as I had e-mailed the hotel to tell them that it was our 40th anniversary. The bathroom was enormous and the bed - well - almost too comfortable to get up!!! The bed was turned down every night and two bottles of Evian and the next days weather forecast were left on the bedside table. Little touches that make a big difference. We will certainly stay here again and have recommended the hotel to our friends. Thanks to all the reviewers and Trip Advisor.Sue and Tom Halfpenny - Sheffield  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>24shoregirl
<Content>Fantastic Hotel - Great Experience!! This is a great hotel!! I was in Manhatten recently for three days of theater and museums. I booked the Sofitel because of the great reviews and because I wanted to be close to the theaters. I had a wonderful experience. My credentials: When my husband and I travel, we always stay at five star hotels and the Four Seasons are our favorite. So, I know what I'm talking about. I was travelling alone this time and safety and security were very important to me. The Sofitel in New York exceeded my expectations! The staff could not have been any nicer and the service was great. I was in the cheapest, single, queen sized room and was treated like a guest staying in a suite for a month. By the second day, the doorman knew my name. The room was very nice. Not much of a view, but I had good light. Everything was spotless. The bathroom was very clean and adequate (great shower, not much of a bathtub). The bed was fantastic!! Very cozy and extremely comfortable. I had a lot of room service and the food was delicious. There is not much of a lobby shop, but Duanne Reed (mega - drugstore) is right around the corner. This is an excellent hotel and I would stay there again!!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>racarter
<Content>Best NY hotel I've stayed in! We booked a stay at the Sofitel for our 25th anniversary and my sister's 15th, after reading the reviews on TripAdvisor. What can I say? All the plaudits are well-deserved. Really nice ambience, friendly staff, complimentary champagne for our anniversaries - superb! Will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>DavidCon
<Content>Diffiuclt to find fault but.... We stayed at this hotel a couple of days ago based purely on the other trip advisor reviews (it's rated no.1) as we wanted a change from the 'trendy' hotel scene (the Ws, the tribeca grand etc). It's a great location (few blocks from time Square) but not noisy or that busy which makes a change.We arrived in town about 7.30 on Saturday evening and booking in was very easy as our rooms were pre-booked through Expedia and there was no line up. The rooms were reasonably spacious (by NY standards) and did not look at all tired/dated and the bed was very comfortable. The bathrooms were also a decent size and were very clean. The rooms have internet connection (at $10 for 24 hours) but you can use the net for free in the lobby as there were 3 computers.The food in the hotel was also very good (which makes a change) but like most other hotels a little expensive. We were also given an extended checkout (2pm, which they let us extend to 5pm at no extra cost). There was however one slight niggle- the air conditioning in one of the rooms did not work very well. Unfortunately they didn't seem to be able to fix it properly which was slightly annoying.Overall an excellent hotel- We'd stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	3	4	

<Author>CrisGodoy
<Content>Amazing!       the room  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MrsSher
<Content>Great Location, Great Beds, Great place to stay! We booked this hotel after reading all the great reviews, and as many have said before, we were not disappointed.This trip was for my husband's 40th birthday. I also emailed the hotel beforehand and signed up for the Sofitel Privilege card.When we checked in we were offered a King size room on a higher floor which was great. The rooms are a great size and the beds are sooooo comfortable, you do not want to get up in the morning!On the first evening a bottle of champagne arrived with a letter of congratulations for the 40th Birthday. A nice and very welcome touch!The staff were all very helpful and were not at all stuffy.We ate fantastic breakfasts in the hotel restaurant 'Gaby', about $50 for two of us. The Classic eggs benedict were wonderful and the yoghurt granola with fresh berries equally as good.The location is superb. Times Square, Fifth Avenue. Grand Central Station to name a few all within a moments walk or so.Had a fabulous meal in 'The Palm' restaurent on 2nd Avenue. A great experience.We would definitely recommend this hotel and look forward to staying again in the future.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jack's-dinner
<Content>Genuinly world class hotel We stayed at the Sofitel for the last night of our honeymoon and I can honestly say it was one of the three or four best Hotel experiences I have had.I was a little wary at first since I tend to stay away from large chain hotels as they generally lack personality or charm, but Sofitel had both in spades.The room 鈥?VERY large for NY 鈥?separate bath and walk-in shower in the marble bathroom, four large towels, and all extremely clean. We were on the 22nd floor, great view, no noise from other rooms or lift, air-conditioner purred rather than roared.Reception 鈥?doorman was efficient and very helpful, concierge could not do enough for us, even going so far as organising theatre tickets for that night. All done with a genuine smile and desire to please. When we checked in we mentioned to the front desk that it was the last night of our honeymoon. Two hours later as we were getting ready to go out, there was a knock on the door and a waiter appeared with a bottle of Crystal champagne courtesy of the Hotel. It was extremely impressive.When I went down to the bar, they had a number of beers I had not heard of before. As I couldn鈥檛 decide, the barman without prompting poured a half-glass of each for me to try. I tried all four and settled on a glass of wine instead. He did not of course charge me for the beer.Our flight the next day was not until 6.30pm. The Hotel offered us a free late-check out on the room until 2.30 pm and stored our bags with the concierge until we left.From beginning to end the staff went out of their way to make our stay as pleasant as possible. The price is steep, but unusually in New York, here you really are getting what you pay for.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JLFERG
<Content>Sofitel New York--Great Stay for the Money Let's face it, New York City hotels are very expensive. We were able to stay in October at the Sofitel New York, in a suite, for about the cost of staying in a basic room in many of the other NYC hotels. Our suite was on the top floor of the hotel. It was spacious, with complimentary boxes of chocolate and bottles of water daily, turndown service, a deep, sunken tub and high end bath amenities. The bed was a little too soft for our tastes--with its deep down topper, but otherwise everything about the room was perfect.The only real complaint I have is that one morning something happened to the hot water and it took 40 minutes before we could shower (before the problem was fixed and hot water was available again.) The front desk staff, the three concierges we dealt with, the housekeeping staff--all were friendly and first rate. Go to the concierge for lunch/dinner recommendations. We did a couple of times and ate some of the best food ever. We strongly recommend the Osteria al Doge, which the concierge recommended. Though it is pricey, it has the best Italian food. The Gaby bar, in the Sofitel, serves delicious drinks and has quick food service. The Gaby restaurant, on the other hand, has good food, but the service was lacking and the place had a lot of empty tables on the Thursday night we were there. On our next stay to New York, we will definitely stay at the Sofitel once again.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>UK_Basball_Fans
<Content>Excellent location My husband I stayed here for 8 nights at the beginning of October to celebrate my 40th birthday. We had a room on the 18th floor with view of the Chrysler building. The room was lovely, the bathroom well equipped with toiletries etc. Even provided a bottle of Champagne on ice because we'd told them it was my 40th birthday treat. Every night the turn down service included 2 bottles of water, which we used to take out with us during the day time. Hotel is situation just 5 minutes walk from Times Square and about 15 mins from Empire State Building. Hotel staff very courteous at all times. Yes, the Gaby restaurant is pricey, we had breakfast there on my birthday and it was 3 times what we'd been paying at the Red Flame (highly recommend their pancakes and french toast!) a few doors down on the same street - but special birthdays require special treatment. Recommend joining the Sofitel priviledge card scheme, but do so in advance because our card didn't arrive in time for the trip so we missed out on the free drink at the bar mentioned in other reviews, however, we did get late checkout (4pm) which was great for us as we had late night flight.Would definitely stay there again and pay a little extra for a higher floor room having seen photos of other rooms.Agree with other reviewers about Grayline sightseeing bus, Empire State Building and Rockefeller Centre (top of the rock) if only for the elevator experience!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bergkamp9999
<Content>Excellent hotel The Sofitel is excellent in all aspects; service, rooms, food etc. Considering it's location (1  1/2 blocks from Times square) and the generally very noisy streets, my room (17th floor) was very quiet and spotlessly clean. The bathroom is a generous size with first rate bathroom products.The bed was so comfortable, with a very soft feather duvet - just the thing after a transatlantic flight.Gabys restaurant serves good food and the prices reflect the high quality ingredients.The checkin process was fast, friendly and responsive.Overall, I would certainly return here for my next trip but I recommend booking well in advance. I had booked a couple of weeks ahead but if you leave it till the last minute, you can get charged over $700 for weeknights.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>GerbilOReilly
<Content>Peace and tranquility Peace and quiet in the middle of New York. Rooms pretty spacious for a city centre. Staff attentive. Couldn't be bettered.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TLorine
<Content>Chicago guests thinks Sofitel NY is one of the best!! I am just returning from my first trip to NY this past weekend, which was a surprise for my fiance's birthday, and was thoroughly impressed with the Sofitel. Before arriving I emailed the hotel to let them know of the birthday plan, and they immediately upgraded our room to a King size bed and a higher floor to stay on. As soon as my fiance' walked in he said WOW!! :-) We were so impressed with the service, and hospitality of the staff. Nick, (the greeter, or bellhop that stands in the front) was really nice and helpful, and upon check in we thought our key would not work, and when we came down to let the staff know, the agent at the desk immediately went upstairs with us to show us to how to use their key. Very attentive and courteous staff, and overall a wonderful experience. I would definitely book with the Sofitel again in other locations, strictly because of the service that we received at this location. AND!!!!! They brought up a bottle of champagne and letter wishing my fiance' a happy birthday!! WONDERFUL Experience!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EmmaLou32
<Content>The best start to your New York experience! What a great hotel!!We booked the Sofitel after many hours trawling through New York Hotels on trip advisor. I am so glad that we chose the Sofitel as it was such a lovely hotel. It is definately 4-5 star and the rooms are replenished and cleaned every day, great classy facilities and the staff are all polite and most helpful. Gaby's bar  restaurant are really nice if a little expensive, however you expect that from this kind of hotel. DO NOT USE MINI BAR! $6 for a bottle of water! You get 2 free bottles of Evian every evening anyway and a weather report card.We had the most amazing weather for this time of year - 70-80 degrees throughout stay. First 2 weeks of October are great for New York city as there are a couple of parades on 5th avenue where you might spot a few stars. It all starts on 44th so you get to see the beginning of the parades without even leaving hotel!Jimmys bar is only across the way and is a great little bar to go to.Our best reccommendation for seeing New York for the first time is to get on a Grey Line sight seeing open top bus. You get great info from the guides and the best view of buildings and you can hop on and off as many times as you like. Cheap and value for money. Also I'd do the Top of the Rock before the Empire State for views as there are no queues and the views are great!!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TedStriker
<Content>Superb stay - read on... In summary - wonderful staff, great location, clean attractive hotel with sumptuous rooms at a very good price. Couldn't have hoped for more.My girlfriend and I stayed at the Sofitel for a long weekend at the end of March. We are both professionals in our late twenties if that helps.The trip was a surprise for her, and I wanted to pick a hotel with exceptional and friendly service, and a good quality room at an acceptable price. I chose the Sofitel purely based on the reviews here on tripadvisor. Of course I considered all sorts of other hotels (Mandarin Oriental, Michelangelo, Ritz-Carlton, Four Seasons....). I am sure all of these are splendid hotels, but either the reviews here didn't match their 5-star status or the price was just too high.Prior to my arrival I requested the best suite available, preferably with a good view of the city. Upon arrival, the staff were fantastic - they had pre-booked a fabulous room with a huge balcony overlooking the east-side of Manhattan which was a great surprise to both of us. We had superb views of the Empire State Building, the Chrysler building and many others. We were also treated to a complimentary bottle of Champagne, kindly delivered at a suitable moment chosen by me. The photos do not do the view justice. I appreciate the best views of the city come from place such as the Mandarin Oriental and Ritz-Carlton, but you'll expect that when you see the price!Our room was spacious enough for two, and well decorated. The bathroom was excellent - (I probably wouldn't have noticed, but my girlfriend tells me it was first-rate, and she's very particular about that sort of thing).Throughout the weekend the staff were friendly, helpful, courteous and professional. I am extremely grateful to them for making our weekend so special. Whilst this is not a five-star hotel, the overall attention to detail and quality of service is first-class. Certainly I found this to be the best priced hotel of this class, particularly by booking in advance.Finally, the hotel is superbly located for visitors and sightseers alike, situated just a couple of blocks from Times Square and only a few minutes from Fifth Avenue and Grand Central Station.I would certainly stay here again, and can thoroughly recommend it to others whatever the occasion.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>greyman26
<Content>Very Nice Hotel, Great Location I made our reservation on-line using Sofitel site which was easy. The rates quoted on the site do not include taxes although this was not as clear as I thought it should be. I also signed up for Privilege card which provides a nice benefit of a 4 PM checkout if needed. Our room was $375/night before taxes for a Fri/Sat nights.The location on 44th St between 5th and 6th (closer to 6th) was good since we planned to visit a number of areas and could walk 3 blocks to Grand Central Station (or 3 -4 blocks to Times Square subways if you don't mind crowds). Taxi's are readily available out front of course. This is a nice block of small hotels and restaurants. The hotel is also next to private clubs - the New York Yacht and Harvard clubs. The taxi ride was a $7 metered fare although the driver didn't seem to know this newer hotel (the Algonquin a few doors away may be better known today to cabbies). The bellmen were cordial and a bit busy when we arrived. They did not try to force us to use them when they saw we each had only a roll-aboard bag. Check-in was quick with no waiting in line and the receptionist was extremely friendly and professional. She had a lovely French accent and pleasantly answered a few questions we had. We also rec'd 2 complimentary drink tickets - this may have been because we were first time guests.Our room was on the 14th floor and faced on 45th street . The view was basicall buildings across 45th Street and a small park. During our stay, we did see the view from the elevator lobby on the 29th floor which was also primarily a view of nearby buildings. I believe you may get a decent view in some but not all of the rooms on the highest (20-29) floors.Our room (incl. bathroom) was exceptionally clean and in perfect shape. The room was average size with king bed  side tables, small table and sitting chair, and low desk/bureau with TV, desk  chair  minibar. There was also a good sized closet and drawer storage area and large dressing mirrors. The good sized bathroom was mostly marble and glass with both a tub and walk in shower. Housekeeping each day was flawless.We had dinner one evening in the hotel restaurant, Gaby's. The food was excellent and we used our free drink cards with dinner for 2 glasses of champagne. There are also banquet tables near the bar if you want to get a drink (and possibly a light bite to eat?).NYC has many great hotels in many different parts of the city. This is one we would certainly use again.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>junkemail669
<Content>Nothing Special! I searched TripAdvisor to get some ideas about where to stay when I visited New York and Sofitel was at the top of the list, so, I booked a three night stay. I was less than impressed. Nothing special... For the price, there are many more attractive options... So, if you stay at the NY Sofitel, do no expect any thing special.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	2	3	2	

<Author>HazelBagel
<Content>Wonderful Weekend We have stayed in Sofitel hotels before and on the strength of our positive experiences in the past, decided to try the New York sofitel. We were not in the least disappointed.We booked a package through Expedia, which included a standard double room (queen sized bed) and direct Delta flights from Manchester to JFK. We also pre-paid for transfers with a shuttle company, but would advise people to either treat themselves to a taxi journey (around $50 one way) or to get the AirTrain from JFK to Jamaica Avenue and then get the overground train to Penn Station and finally a taxi to the Sofitel - grand total of $30 for the two of us.When we got to the hotel we decided to upgrade to a room with a King sized bed, this was an extra $80 a day, but worth every cent. The room was roomy, confortable, spotlessly clean and the only critisism was that if you like to soak in a bath, you will be disappiinted as the bath is very shallow and rather short.. Other than that we could not fault the accomodation.The staff at the hotel were all very friendly - and not in a false 'I am doing my job' way. The concierge service was very good and they gave good tips for where to eat etc.If you stay at the Sofitel, go the the Red Flame diner for breakfast, it is extremely good value and the food is excellent.All in all, we will certainly go back to the Sofitel when we return to New York, hopefully not in the too distant future.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dccrr
<Content>Minority opinion Booked two rooms, a suite and a deluxe room. Booked weeks in advance. They could not honor a simple request to place the rooms on the same floor. No real attempt to rectify the situation. Also, in the suite, stayed with my wife and 7 year old son. Took for granted that the couch would fold out. It didnt. Does not come close to Four Seasons service. This was the second time I stayed at the Sofitel. Obviously, the reviews seem to suggest that they are meeting people's expectations. Perhaps they are overly confident.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shetraveler
<Content>Make It Your Place In Mid-Town I can't say enough good things about this hotel. The location is perfect, within walking distance of all major mid-town sites. It's the best hotel on a block where there are several hotels to choose from like the Algonquin, the Mansfield, and the City Club. Also it's on a block with some great eating establishments, including DB Bistro, Kellari Taverna, Triomphe and the famous Blue Bar. What sets the hotel apart is large sleeping rooms and bathrooms, great service and fabulous food (the croissants are freshly made each morning!). The atmosphere is not too trendy (like the W) or stuffy like the St. Regis. It's very professional without feeling too corporate.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>anni555
<Content>Excellent, Fabulous, Amazing, Best Hotel in the World ! We stayed at the Sofitel for 3 Nights 18/19/20th April 2006 we came over from Ireland to get married on 19th and we had the best time ever ! This hotel is PERFECT ! cant believe it is not a 5*. We chose the hotel because of the amazing reviews and it definitely lives up to them tenfold ! The staff are absolutely amazing ! so nice and friendly and would go totally out of their way to help you (The lady on the reception desk was absolutely brilliant) Rooms are gorgeous and bed is Fabulous ! We checked in and were trying to organise somewhere for our 26 Wedding guests from Ireland to meet on the morning of our Wedding (for which the lobby was perfect, lots of lovely seating area) and when they heard we were getting married they gave us an upgrade from a Queen room to a King, the lady said they would have given us a suite but they had none available that day, but if we left all our luggage ready the next day they would move us when we were at our Wedding ! we couldn鈥檛 believe it !  When we returned back that Night after our Wedding they had moved rooms for us and the Room was completely and utterly UNBELIEVABLE ! firstly there was a bottle of champagne and a card from the staff and strawberries dipped in chocolate waiting for us which was beautiful ! such a lovely touch !  the Room was massive with TWO bathrooms, a sofa area a big bedroom and best of all a HUGE SUN TERRACE outside the patio doors with table and chairs and two sunbeds !!!!! we were totally blown away ! I had never seen anything like it and never even thought it could exist in the City ! we were sitting out on terrace looking right at the Chrysler Building easily the most beautiful building in the city, it was fabulous, and all our guests came over the next day and we sat in the sun and drank champagne all day ! (no one could believe the room) then ordered room service that evening which was very nice too.I can easily say the Sofitel made our Wedding Day truly MAGICAL ! It is also situated brilliantly, just short walks to the main attractions and on a side street so no street noise whatsoever. Red Flame Diner is ace for breakfast! The Top of the Rock is good, but it is $18 each to go up to the outside viewing area, which we did a few days before our Wedding, but on our Wedding day we went up to the Rainbow Room for cocktails which is also in the Rockefeller Building and only 2 floors down from the top of the rock and we paid about the same and had a cocktail and were not outside in the wind ! (and we had cosmopolitans which were supposedly invented in the Rainbow Room !) the views from it were amazing no different than the TOTR, the cocktails were expensive but definitely worth going up for one ! but we were lucky as the lady waitress bought us a free cocktail as we had just got married ! I would also recommend a trip to China Town (Canal Street) especially for girlies who love handbags ! bargains galore ! Overall, the Sofitel is FABULOUS and we will definitely, 100 % be back as soon as we possibly can !  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>worthington
<Content>Large and Comfortable Room Just returned from a 2 night stay at the Sofitel. The rooms are very large for NY and very well appointed and comfortable. The ambiance is French, which also adds to the charm. Had an excellent dinner two doors down at DB Bistro Moderne. Also recommend that you stop by the Royalton across the street to visit its wonderful bar.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mommamiya
<Content>Cozy, clean, lovely Great location, very good room service, wonderful bed and lux bath. I loved this place and want to go back now!!!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>RUGRAD
<Content>Great Stay at the Sofitel We had a great stay at the Sofitel, came into NY for an anniversary weekend, prepaid room for lower rate. Stayed on upper floor with view of the Empire State Building.Staff were very good, the right mix of engaging without being intruding and very professional, from the doorman to check in/check out everyone was friendly and quick.Room was nice, great bed, clean, electronic minibar, good closet/drawer space, bathroom was new separate shower and tub...We used concierge to recommend restaurants for dinner and breakfast and the recommendations were good. On this trip we did not eat at Gaby's or stop by the bar there but I have in the past had very good breakfast(s) there....I used the gym in the morning, it is in the basement and has plenty of treadmills etc and new weights, medicine balls etc.The location of the hotel is great for midtown, you are 6 blocks from Radio City, 2 blocks east of Times Square, right around the corner from St. Patrick's and 5th avenue shops etc...the hotel is on the same street as the Algonquin hotel which has nightly entertainment and the NY Yacht Club, City Hotel, and a few other hotels....about 15 blocks from Central Park, I ran to the park, took about 5-6 minutes...probably a 10-15 minute walk.If you are not going to eat at Gaby's there is a diner on the same street (44th) and a Starbucks on 45th and 6th (around corner) so you can pick up Sunday paper and your Grande half caf mocha no whip latte....We had a great time, I would definately go back and would recommend to others....  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Doublevs
<Content>Very Nice Facility / Great Midtown Location We decided to visit NYC to celebrate my wife's birthday. Wanting to really get to enjoy the city we decided to spend 8 nights, which was to be the longest continuous stay for us at any one hotel. So, of course, I wanted to choose a place with a good reputation and convenient to many of the sites we intended to visit. We were not disappointed!The staff was professional and friendly throughout the duration of our stay. Our room was very clean and tidy upon check-in and remained that way during our entire visit (as did the rest of the hotel facilities). While the restaurant, room service and lounge were all a bit pricey, everything we ordered was top quality and the drinks at the bar were enjoyably long pours.We utilized the expertise of Daniel and other concierge staff for restaurant suggestions, a hard to get reservation and general info/tips about the local scene. All of the recommendations and advice were right on the money, with one exception (a Thai-fusion restaurant at the Thompson Hotel, which was a bit too trendy for mid-forty-somethings and the food fusion was more like fizzle). The only problem we encountered during our stay was a malfunction with our in-room safe. A simple call to maintenance was all it took and within minutes a supervisor was at our door to assess the situation. Within a few seconds he called a technician via his two-way radio and moments later the problem was fixed. The whole thing didn't even take ten minutes. A nice touch of professionalism was that the supervisor remained right there until the matter was completely resolved to our satisfaction.Get this one: Upon being presented with our final bill at checkout we were stunned to find that the hotel was actually issuing a credit to our account . They applied a lower rate for our room than the rate we had reserved (and paid) in advance. With getting nearly a 15% reduction over an eight night stay, it was as much a welcomed surprise as it was a first! When we return to New York the first place I will check for availability is the Sofitel. It is a very nice place to stay, with a great midtown location and a courteous staff that makes you feel welcomed. What more could you want?  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>SCART
<Content>Disappointed by Sofitel Pros: Nice midtown location, new and sleek design, clean rooms and comfortable beds.Cons: Would not honor Sofitel Privilege Card (despite paying $300/ night ) because I booked through Priceline. Was given a room with two oversize twins despite calling ahead to tell them that this was an anniversary trip. Our room # was the same number you call to get guest services if you forget to dial the 9 first, so we received calls all hours of the day and night from other guests. (Do not stay in 1212) And received little apology for this.The shower door opened the wrong way making it almost impossible, actually humorous, to get in and out. Not worth the money.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	4	5	2	2	2	

<Author>Ltyka
<Content>Great hotel! My husband and I celebrated our anniversary over Labor Day weekend at the Sofitel. After all day in the hustle and bustle of the City, particularly near Times Square, it was like Shangra La to walk into the calm, quiet lobby of the Sofitel.It is a great location, nice sized rooms, wonderful bathrooms, very comfortable beds, and quiet rooms. The service is anything but snooty. The hotel restaurant is a bit pricy, but there is a diner about 1/2 block away.Join the rewards program and get free drinks and late check out. Also, they left a card, a bottle of champagne, and a box of chocolates in our room!We can't wait to return!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Saraboo
<Content>Don't go anywhere else in New York We were upgraded to the 29th floor. The trip was for our 15th wedding anniversary. The conceirge and the entire staff are great. The property was extremely clean and bright. We will definitely be back to the Sofitel again. In fact we are looking at booking the one in Rome based on our experience. A can't miss hotel.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PamplesPals
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We have just come back from the Sofitel in New York and were expecting great things after reading the other reviews on here, we were not disappointed. On arrival we were greeted at the door and excorted to reception, whilst our bags were taken to our room. Check in only took about 5 minutes which was great after a 7 and a half hour flight. All the staff were very polite although I did find their accents quite hard to understand and I think they thought the same of me. We were escorted to the escalators and once we got to our room (which was on the 23rd floor) we found an amazing room with a bottle of champagne and a welcome card from all the staff. The bed was gorgeous, and just as comfortable as it looked. The bathroom was huge and it had a shower big enough for 2 (ooh errr!) and a separate bath, also loads of free goodies and fresh flowers.The bed is incredibly comfortable and is hard to get out of in the morning but the promise of the wonderful shower helps. The TV has 40 channels and their was always something on, its particularly good for weather and Times Square info as their seemed to be different celebrities their on a daily basis. There are also pay per view channels for the latest films if you have the time. The room was cleaned once a day immaculately, and a turndown service is offered between 6 and 9 which can be a little bit annoying as that was the time we usually were having a snooze before going out in the evening as all the walking does tire you out. However, this is when fresh water is given to you though and it is appreciated in the humid conditions of New York.We only visited the bar once, it was very pleasant but not very lively and the drinks were on the expensive side, 2 vodka and cokes were $24 dollars so make sure you have plenty of cash, they do have very tasty complimentary bar snacks.Overall our stay was wonderful, the view from our room was very good too and the hotel is in a brilliant location for shopping and sightseeing. All the staff went out of their way to help you especially the concierge who gave us free passes to two top nightclubs. I would recommend this hotel to anyone, you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Spin_Chick
<Content>SO Quiet Sofitel ! We had a wonderful Labor Day weekend staying at the Sofitel. We picked this hotel based on Trip advisor's reviews and recommendation. Location is primo for all of midtown (44th between 5th and 6th) and you can walk everywhere! Subway is just a few blocks for farther trips. Staff were very accomodating. They even included a wonderful bottle of champagne and personalized letter to celebrate our anniversary. The concierge (Daniel) was excellent as well and steered us to many nice restaurants (try Kellari right down the block). Beds were very comfortable with the feather duvet. This was the quietest hotel we have ever stayed in, and we do a lot of travel. Definitely lived up to the reviews on this site. Also, the gym is small, but great. The cardio machines are very new, each with their own TV, and there is a good assortment of weights and acccessories. Try to go during off times on the weekend though as mornings were very crowded. Bathrooms are also larger than most with shower and separate soaking tub. We will definitely return!!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dolly1964
<Content>Superb, fantastic, Excellent My partner John and I stayed here for 6 nights at the beginning of September. From check-in to check-out everything was just great. Room on the 21st Floor, huge, spotless, modern and those beds, so comfortable!! The hotel is in the heart of 5th Avenue but so quiet and safe. The Red Flame Diner a good start to the day but also try the Au Bain pon Delis great place to pick up a tasty breakfast or snack and a third of the price. Once you get in the swing of what to do (self service) you are well away! For a gem of a reastaurant try the Hour Glass based on 46th Street and 8th Avenue (known as Restaurant Row). For 76$ you get 4 courses two bottles of wine, tea or coffee. Ambience best I have ever come across in New York. Service second to none. Table turnaround is roughly 1.5hrs but if eating earlier in the day sit outside, drink relax and watch the world go by and take longer! We eat here 3 times and with such a varied menu could be there all month! Go there you will not be disppointed just don't tell everyone about this hidden secret! If you are from the visiting from the UK mention to Maria,  Megan that Jeanette  John from Essex say hi and we are coming back!Enjoy just stay at the Sofitel!Pictures will follow!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HTM276
<Content>Loved it! HUGE rooms! Good location if you want to be in midtown near Times Square. Rooms are HUGE, great service and staff. Would recommend and go back in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BRC333
<Content>C'est Magnifique Hard not to repeat what many other tripadvisor.com users have already said. Sofitel's #1 ranking is well deserved. It has a great location on 44th - close to Times Square but not too close. It is well built - we never heard a peep at night. Room was great - we were upgraded to one of the higher floors. Exercise room was 24/7 and fully equipped. Concierge was well-connected - we were able to acquire house seats to Wicked on short notice. We had a wonderful time using it as our base and look forward to trying other Sofitels. BTW, for a good dinner pre-theatre that is located just down the street, try Osteria al Doge.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>foxyUK
<Content>Beds are soooo comfy! The location of the Sofitel is great, 44th St just between 5th and 6th. Within walking distance of everything. The staff are very welcoming at all times. The rooms are a perfect size, with beds so comfy that as soon as I lay down I never wanted to get up!The daily supply of Evian is a nice touch. It was my partners birthday the second day of our stay and the hotel sent up a bottle of Champagne on ice with a welcome message, lovely.I would definately recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cassy36
<Content>Book into the Sofitel  Stayed at the Sofitel for 7 days with my 15yr at the end of August.I could go on forever about this fantastic hotel. From the moment of arrival, the staff, the room (20th floor), the LEGENDLY Sofitel Beds (its true), the bathroom, the attention to detail, the location, everything was perfect  of the up most standard.Apply for a Sofitel Privilege Card and tuck into the little extras the hotel offers, it鈥檚 worth it (5pm check-out, welcome drinks at the bar, chocolate surprises in your room, etc).Sofitel is within easy walking distance to Times Square, Broadway, Rockefeller Center, Grand Station Terminal and Central Park.On my return to Manhattan I would not even consider staying anywhere else.Highly recommended, book the Sofitel for peace of mind  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>heybud2
<Content>Best of the Best What a great experience! Very friendly staff. Stayed for 7 nights and was upgraded upon arrival. Received a higher floor with a great view of the Empire State Building. Also received a free bottle of champagne for our Anniversary! Rooms were very large and decorated nicely. The bed was so confortable you didn't want to leave it! Bathrooms had beautiful marble floors and we never ran out of hot water! I can't say enough good things about this hotel! Also perfect location, between 5th avenue and Times Square! Rockefellar Plaza just 3 short blocks away and Subway stations just 2 blocks. We will definately stay at this Hotel again!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>1498slm
<Content>Great Hotel - Oustanding Service We have just returned to the UK from a six day trip to New York. We stayed in a 26th floor suite (great views!). The room was fabulous, large bathroom, walk in double shower, separate lounge area etc.We arrived early but were given a great welcome and as I had told the hotel in advance the trip was for my husband's 40th birthday, the hotel manager came out to greet us, discreetly accompanied us to the lift and very genuinely pointed out that should we need anything during our stay to let her know. This was followed later that evening with a complimentary bottle of champagne and chocolates delivered to the room.We only had one problem during the stay (safe not working) which was fixed within five minutes(genuinely less than 5 minutes!!).The location of the hotel is outstanding - Times Square, Grand Central, Central Park all only a short walk away. Fifth Ave partically on the doorstep.A hotel of this quality with staff who are so helpful and friendly is great anywhere in the world but in a busy city like New York is a real find!Couple of tips - Red Flame Diner on 44th or Cafe Europa on 5th or 6th are great for breakfast. Enrol for a Sofitel Privelege card before you go and get late check out plus other benefits.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TouristFromSeattle
<Content>Overall a Good Hotel Check In / Check Out-----------------------------Our check in was fast and easy. A porter took our bags from the curb up to our room while we got the keys. The whole process took about 3 minutes. We got exactly what we asked for - a room on an upper floor with a view of the ESB. We also got mineral water instead of champagne as I requested via email a few days before we arrived - perfect. Check out was even faster than check in. There was never a wait at the front desk for us.Room-----------------------------The best feature was a very comfortable bed - maybe the best I've ever had in a hotel. The bathroom was all marble and came with decent amenities. The walls were pretty quiet - heard some hall noise but nothing from outside. The curtains blocked out all light in the morning.Guests-----------------------------The guests were a mix of Europeans and Americans. Some couples. Some families. Some students. Some dressed up. Some casual. Mostly tourists. Overall a sharp middle-class group. In comparison, we stopped by the Super 8 a couple of blocks away to visit some friends one morning and the crowd there was quite different - hanging around the lobby in their pajamas for example.Location-----------------------------Pretty good. It's about halfway between the Times Square / Broadway area the St. Patrick鈥檚 / Rockefeller Center area (but so are about 100 other hotels). 44th between 5th and 6th has some good restaurant choices - decent breakfast joint, an Indian lunch buffet, a classy Greek restaurant, a slick bistro / bar. The Algonquin is also on this block. You have a lot of good apr猫s-New York choices right next to (and in) your hotel.Other Compliments-----------------------------Despite the polished appearance of the lobby they play jazzy techno on the sound system - which I thought was a very cool touch. The halls on our floor had red marble, red carpets, and cinnamon potpourri scent filling the air. The room safe was convenient. The turn-down service / towel change / free Evian was very nice - we essentially got room service twice a day.Complaints-----------------------------1. The ice machine on our floor wasn't working.2. The TV remote control didn't work.3. The hallway on our floor was too warm.4. A cabinet door in our room was broken off one of its hinges.5. We could not get anywhere near the computers in the lobby. Even at 11 PM all 3 were overtaken by kids writing email - when all we wanted was 5 minutes to check out a bar review or the Troussard's hours of operation. Pretty annoying.6. Too many people using the concierge for recommendations instead of just getting info. Having a conversation about what attractions to see in Manhattan is not appropriate when others are waiting behind you to get the Met's hours or a bus route number.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RoseCambridge
<Content>Everything it was cracked up to be We chose this hotel because of what we had read on Trip Advisor. We had booked the basic room and on checking in at 1.00 p.m. asked if we had a good view. We were told we could have a good view if we came back at 3.00 p.m. the normal check in time when one would be available. We returned at the said time and the guy on reception personally went up to our room to check the view and on return said it was good. It was as well, 22nd floor and a good view of the Chrysler building. The beds were everything they were reputed to be and so were the pillows. One criticism may be that there are no tea or coffee making facilities in the room. Despite what others say, I don't think the bar prices were that expensive when you compare with UK hotels of a similar standard. Cleanliness was excellent and the hotel so quiet. You couldn't hear the people upstairs or next door. Good idea to get a Sofitel loyalty card before you go as you can get to keep your room until 4.00 p.m. on check out day and a free welcome drink. The location of the hotel was excellent and the staff very friendly and helpful. There is nowhere else to stay in New York as far as I am concerned.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nico_ch
<Content>Cool location I stayed a couple of days in NYC on my way home from the West Coast. I picked the Sofitel based on the TripAdvisor reviews and the Internet rates they were offering.I really enjoyed the location, the hotel is great (nice lobby, stylish rooms, good concierge service, etc). The only thing I didn't like (while staying at the 12th floor) is the view - there was none - only a back street.If you can find a good rate, I can only recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Across_the_globe
<Content>It lived up to all our expectations! I picked this hotel after reading all the positive reviews and was very pleased at how accurate they are! Everything about this establishment was top-notch from the service to quality of rooms and cleanliness. The location is also very convenient for sightseeing, dining and, most importantly, shopping on 5th Avenue! It was a pleasant surprise to also find that it's only several doors away from the famous Algonquin Hotel. We tried breakfast at the Red Flame Diner upon other reviewer's recommendations and thoroughly enjoyed the experience. It was our first visit to NYC and we had a great time. New Yorkers are a lot friendlier than we'd expected. If we return to NYC we will definitely stay at this hotel again as it probably ranks amongst the top 5 of the best we've ever stayed in around the world and we have stayed at some pretty good hotels! I simply cannot recommend it enough.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Cass73
<Content>Top Quality Hotel I have to agree with the other rave reviews on this hotel, well worthy of the praise that's been lavished upon it. We stayed at this hotel over the Valentines weekend this year and even the heaviest snow storms for many years didn't spoil our enjoyment of the hotel and NY as a whole. Service was excellent, the staff are extremely helpful, with one concierge happy to forego the opportunity of making some commission on the sale of theatre tickets by advising me to buy direct from the theatre at half the price!I would recommend this hotel as a great stay for couples for a long weekend or for business.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Arttraveller
<Content>You have to stay at Sofitel Sofitel in New York is a truly amazing hotel...nicely located midtown (44 between 5th and 6th) so it's easy to walk to museums, theatres, shopping, restaurants, Times Square etc.I arrived on a Saturday in July and was quite early (noon) but was immediately offered a choice of rooms on low or higher floors (chose the 26th for a great view) The early checkin is always nice so you don't waste your day. The room door would not open (my error) but security showed up in under a minute and was more than helpful. Staff are courteous and helpful, and speak with charming french accents--they also speak perfect English of course. The room blew me away...I am very particular about cleanliness and comfort, so was pleased to see a spotless room,. very chic and elegantly furnished, cooled with central air and a gorgeous marble bathroom with deep tub and glassedin shower stall as well. The bed was heavenly, a featherbed and a soft duvet as well as high thread count sheets made for deep sleeping after wandering all over Manhatten. There is a gift shop, bar and restaurant, and fitness area. On the final day of my stay I was able to check out a 5 pm, and once again staff were very gracious about this. Then the doorman found me a limousine to the airport for $35.00 US (normally a limo is over $100.) Not all cabs have air conditioning that works and many smell, so a clean cool limo ride out of the city to La Guardia is always welcomed. I checked comparable rates on various hotel search sites on the Internet and then found a weekend special on their own hotel site that was very reasonable. They did email me a confirmation at a higher rate, but this was immediately corrected when I noted the discrepancy between rates quoted on the phone and those advertised on their site. If you become a Sofitel priviledge card member (apply immediately online) you can get things like room upgrades, late checkouts, points etc.I was alone for this trip, as I left my husband and children home so I could shop and immerse myself in museums but I felt safe and pampered at Sofitel. Now I'd like to return in the fall with my family.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KL_Sue
<Content>Fantastic Place To Stay Location could not be better, you can walk to Times Square, Rockfeller Centre, Empire State. Rooms are large and quiet (views aren't great, but who cares) and in great condition. Don't hesitate to stay here!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>beanie4
<Content>Sofitel is great! We just returned from a 4 night stay at the Sofitel. It was great. The rooms were quiet and the bed was really comfortable! The maids left bottled water on the night stands every day and came in twice to see if we needed extra towels, etc. The location is wonderful. There is a restaurant down the street, close to Sixth Ave. that was a great place for breakfast. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>CA_bchboy
<Content>Arrogant Staff Arrogant staff, limited help with problem, followed comany line, absolutely no effort beyond the company line to assist you.Rooms are comfortable as are the beds, good location too.Good luck. If everything perfect you will be fine.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>themomtravels
<Content>Quietest hotel in NYC I have stayed in a lot of Manhattan hotels. Never before tried the Sofitel. I was a little nervous when I was assigned a room on the fourth floor. Worried about the constant street noise which is usually an issue. Not to worry, being in that room was like being sealed in a cacoon. I never heard one thing from the street. The beds are incredible, complimentary water is nice, bathrooms are very luxurious. My only complaint is Gaby's - limited bar menu for food, extremely overpriced even for NYC standards (one burger, one club sandwich and two beers was over $60). I would stay hear again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>vae
<Content>Beautiful hotel in great location! We just spent the weekend at the Sofitel in New York and it was wonderful! I had never heard of the hotel, but read the reviews and those did not even explain how wonderful the room was.The bed was by far the most comfortable that I have ever seen in a hotel. right next to Times Square, very helpful employees, and just wonderful!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KEA322
<Content>My new favorite hotel! My husband and I stayed at the Sofitel New York August 4th-6th. After much research and reading of reviews on this site, I chose this hotel. It was our first trip to NYC and this was the ideal location, centrally located to tour the city. We walked just about everywhere. It was also very nicely tucked on a side street so it was always very quiet. The hotel is very clean, beautiful and offers friendly service. The bed was so comfortable; I could not wait to come back to our room every night just for that!!! I followed the advice that many people wrote and signed up for a free Sofitel Privileges card and also emailed the hotel to let them know we were there to celebrate our anniversary. We were upgraded from a queen to king room with a view! We also received champagne and chocolates our first night. With the Sofitel card we also had a 4 PM checkout which was great. This is definitely my most favorite of all hotels I have stayed in and would absolutely stay here again and any other Sofitel. I highly recommend this hotel especially for couples. It's fantastic!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mike_and_Gabriela_S
<Content>Sofitel - go, enjoy and tell ! We choose this hotel mainly because of the Tripadvisor rating and it turned out to be our best hotel stay ever !First, about the location. It is located between 6th and 5th avenue, on West 44th Street, next door to the big gun hotels Algonquin and Iroquois. It is within a walking distance fromRockefeller Center, Grand Station Terminal, Times Square, Broadway, Central Park. You caneasily walk to the Empire State Building and to the West 42 Street pier (at 12th street) whereyou can visit the Intrepid aircraft carrier and the Concord airplane or embark on a Circle Island cruise. Half of the Manhattan at your door. More than that if you want to have a good breakfast atvery reasonable price the Red Flame restaurant is next door.Second, the room and amenities. They are top class, beautiful lobby, enough elevators to get you in/out in a couple minutes, concierge, 3 free internet access stations in the lobby (which people taketoo much advantage of !). We had a nice dinner at Gaby - very nice staff, good menu, good food and prices in line with the New York restaurants. The room is great, distinctive, with very nice amenities, from the bathroom with separate shower, mini-fridge, iron, safe and very comfortable beds. Always clean, with complimentarybottles of water every day (very helpful when you walk miles and miles in the torrid weather of August).Last but not the least, the staff. We felt like home from the moment we arrived. The staff is very courteous and always ready to go the extra mile to make you happy. In our case they went more than a mile: my wife birthday was during our stay and to our surprise, a nice (and tasteful) birthday cake surrounded by berry fruits was waiting for us in the room, along with a personalized letter from the management. This was on top of the complimentary drinks (any, including Champaign !). We went to many hotels in Europe and North America, including Novotel, Mariott and Hilton which is their main competitorbut we never felt so good as at Sofitel New York. We will not forget this wonderfull experience and we would go back in a heartbeat !  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>reginafalange
<Content>fabulous stay at the sofitel!! my husband  i just returned from a FANTASTIC stay at the sofitel. we were celebrating our 5th wedding anniversary  i happened to include that while making our reservation online. vladimer, the conceirge, recommended a great romantic restraunt with exactly the type of cuisine we were wanting. not only did he call us in our room  let us know the time of our reservation, but later that day room service delivers a bottle of champagne with a letter from the hotel manager wishing us a happy anniversary. so nice! i immediately called down to order a wonderful cheese plate to enjoy with the bubbly! everything about our stay at the sofitel was wonderful. the king suite we had was huge with a seperate living area that had a tv, mini bar  a nice size desk. our bedroom had a tv also and both rooms had windows that opened. SUPER comfortable bed with very high thread count sheets. everytime we walked through the lobby we were greeted by at least 2 hotel staff members. the elevators were very fast. the bell staff was excellent in giving directions and getting taxi's. on our way out to jfk the bell suggested a car to the airport rather then a taxi. it's a flat rate to the airport and the taxi is meter, so if there is traffic- well. my husband  i did think it a little weird that our minibar was never restalked . especially since we drank both coke's  bud's on the first day. there was a little trouble printing our boarding passes before we left in that the printer wasn't working, but the conceirge printed them for us. no big deal at all, but i would definately check if the printer is working before checking in online because i had to call the airline and have a manager uncheck us in. it was kind of a pain but certainly not the sofitel's fault. just an fyi. we will definatley stay at the sofitel the next trip to nyc!!!!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>comeaujo
<Content>Absolute Best Hotel I must admit I had very high expectations for this hotel after reading all the positive reviews but after staying there for 3 nights I have to say it is almost perfect. IMHO the location is ideal - so close to Broadway/Times Square, 5th Avenue, Grand Central Station, Rockerfeller Centre, 2 major subway lines, etc. You can even walk to Central Park easily. The rooms are a very good size by NY standards and the beds and bathrooms are basically what you dream of having in your own home. I'm not one to regularly use the services of a Concierge but there were always a couple on hand and they looked very friendly and helpful. They also have free internet in the lobby (3 computers and a printer). We didn't have a great view from our room on the 9th floor but who cares you don't go to NYC to stay in your room anyway (try Top Of The Rock for an amazing view of the city). There is a diner (The Red Flame) just a few doors down towards 6th Ave where you can get a fast and excellent breakfast. If you fly into Newark buy a round-trip bus ticket on the Newark Liberty Express ($23) and get dropped off at Bryant Park. You'll only have to walk a couple of blocks to the hotel on 44th street. PS. If you plan on buying an All-Loops bus tour buy it at the airport WITH your bus ticket b/c they do not honour the discount at the Greyline Visitors Centre on 8th Avenue. What else? Fresh fruit in the lobby every day, ice-cold A/C, did I mention the beds? I will stay there again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lovemypup
<Content>A complete bargain for NYC!! I am a self-professed hotel snob, and am still mourning the closing of the Plaza. I have since stayed at the St Regis, Trump International, Waldorf Towers, and Four Seasons. They are all nice, and expensive. That's fine. . .you get what you pay for. I saw the rates of the Sofitel (booked on their website for around $250/nt) for three nights in late July. I didn't have the highest of expectations given the price for a hotel in NYC, but boy what a pleasant surprise. I was able to check in almost 2 hours early, and took advantage of their late check-out, and I greatly enjoyed the location in midtown. The twice daily maid service was wonderful, including morning service on the day I checked out! I echo everyone else's comments on the beds, the great Roger  Gallet amenities, the huge bathroom, and I greatly appreciated the peace and quiet (and I was in a room right by the elevator) and rarely heard anyone outside in the hallway. Finally, my room on the 14th floor didn't have much of a view, but it was nice and quiet and comfortable. I believe I may have finally found a new home base in NYC!! Merci Sofitel!!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>OohAhhCantona
<Content>MAGIC!       view  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>goldberry
<Content>Where there's smoke, there's fire There's a reason that the Sofitel is ranked #1 for NYC hotels on TripAdvisor. The service is simply excellent. Yes, the hotel is elegant and clean and the beds are fantastic, but the service is what really sets them apart.We arrived and were warmly welcomed to an early check-in on our room, which had been upgraded. The staff is beautifully trained and friendly, even when they're just passing in the hallway or the lobby. The room was so clean and nice, and the beds ensure that you won't do much sight-seeing because it's too hard to get out of them. Plenty of immediate hot water in the bathroom. In fact, be careful because it you're like me, you're used to waiting for a long time at other hotels. You won't be waiting here, so watch your fingers. The bath products are a cut above most of those you receive in hotels. It was a nice touch to receive complimentary Evian water at evening turndown, but if you want more than water, the bar has an amazing wine selection. Granted, the prices aren't what I'd call a bargain, but the selection gets kudos.All in all, we had an excellent experience, and we'd stay here again, especially after discovering Kellari Taverna, a wonderful Greek restaurant, just a few doors down. We were cautious about staying at an unknown hotel chain, but the raves in TripAdvisor swayed us. Glad they did!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>snirtanion
<Content>A very nice stay My fiancee and I stayed at the Sofitel July 22nd-24th. Bottom line, a very nice hotel that I would stay at again. You can expect very comfortable beds, decently sized rooms, and upscale amenities typical of a hotel of this class. Sofitel is in a spectacular location for sightseeing and tourism, safe and convenient to most of NYC's major attractions.I echo the other posters in highly recommending the free Sofitel card, which allows for a room upgrade, complimentary drink and late check-out. It's free, so why not?  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sansim
<Content>Absolutely Perfect We stayed at this hotel for 8 nights in July, after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor, and were not disappointed. This hotel was absolutely perfect for our first trip to New York City. I booked with the hotel direct as I wanted to make sure we had connecting rooms for my family. We stayed in two deluxe rooms, we just closed off the end of the corridor with an additional door to make them connecting. We were on the 21st floor and rooms were so quiet and comfortable - the beds are wonderful. The hotel itself is in a wonderful location, just a short walk to Times Square or 5th Avenue. All the staff were incredibily helpful and friendly, especially the doorman. The lobby/lounge area was beautiful, and my sons took full advantage of the free internet access from the pcs which were provided for guest use. Our only small complaint would be the cost of breakfast in Gabys restaurant, quite high for a family of four. This did not prove to be a problem, we had the Red Flame Diner on 44th Street or Starbucks, or Manhattan Cafe on 45th Street. New York City was just fantastic, even during the heatwave! Would recommend visiting Top of the Rock, much better than Empire State which was very commercial and crowded. fWe also took advantage of the 4 oclock check out for Sofitel Privelige Card Holders. I cannot speak too highly of this hotel and can not wait to return.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mitsumi
<Content>Unfriendly Staff The Hotel is in a great spot in town and was a unique sleeping experience (heavenly bed). However, they should work on making their staff more friendly. I arrived early in the morning in the hotel (from an international red eye flight) and they couldn't even offer me to store my luggage and give me a confortable place to rest (while the room was not available). I almost had to beg for a room and still got as an answer: go out for a walk and return around 12:00 - 1:00pm. Have I mentioned it was freezing outside (in January 2006)?  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>2	3	5	4	5	1	1	4	

<Author>PEME
<Content>Great Hotel in a Great City An excellent hotel, ideally located in downtown NY with friendly and efficient staff. We spent three nights in NY (July 13 through July 16) and this was a great base for our visit. The room (Queen Deluxe) was pleasant and the bed was a dream. We would thoroughly recommend this hotel to friends who are visiting NY, in particular first time visitors where the location near Times Square and Broadway is ideal. There is also a great diner down the street to kick off your day which is a perfect way to see how New Yorkers live on weekdays in particular, a really great place to eat and watch the world go by !  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mirra508
<Content>Good hotel .. great location .. Spent 5 nights at this hotel - location is great, a perfect baseto start exploring up/mid/downtown - as its so centrally located.Many big sights/attractions are within easy strolling distance of the hotel, so you don't have to be totally reliant on Cabs.The hotel itself - Staff were professional - a great mix of attentive  inobtrusive. The place was spotless, decor was in good condition throughout. The rooms - spacious, clean, quality decor,large well equipped bathroom. The bed was total comfort - nice to return to after long days out  about. Hotel  surrounding streets were quiet throughout the stay - so no issues getting a good night sleep (6th floor). Ate room service only once (breakfast) - quality  service was v.good. Room prices were a little on the steep side, plus no coffee-making facility in the room - main reasons it didn't score 5/5 for me. Otherwise, if you're happy paying the money - I don't think you'll be too disappointed with a stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Symbill
<Content>Great Hotel I booked a suite. Excellent value for New York. $440 per night, large bathroom, excellent accomodations and view directly to the Empre State building. Perfect! Would recommend and personally repeat anytime.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Antwerpenaar
<Content>Perfect honeymoon at the Sofitel NY We stayed in the Sofitel NY for a week in july as a part of our honeymoon. They had reserved a deluxe suite for us on the top level, with a magnificent view on Rockefeller Center. Everything was great at the room and its amenities, there was a XL bathroom for NY standards ! The personnel was really helpfull, and the cleanliness was impeccable ! Above all this, the Sofitel has a great location, with a lot of tourist attractions at walking distance e.g. just 2 blocks away from Times Sq and 1 block from 5 th Av. I would recommend it to all leisure travelers, and especially to honeymooners because they go all the way to make your stay special !  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Southern Cal Traveler
<Content>The Sofitel Hotel was wonderful and so was the staff! We just returned from four nghts at the Sofitel and truly enjoyed the both hotel and the staff. The hotel has a great location and is as beautiful as others have commented, but it was the staff that made the difference. Always a smile and a greeting, always helpful, and very professional. Although I made a reservation on-line, I ended up working with Sandra in reservations after she emailed me to let me know there might be a problem with my reservation. She was great to deal with and worked out my reservation needs and upon our arrival everything was in order. During the rest of the trip, staff was always available, helpful and smiling. Customer service is clearly a priority at the Sofitel. Our room was very, very comfortable (Frette linens and towels) and we had a perfect view of the Empire State Building. The bar was lovely and the food we ordered from the restaurant was delicious. I will definately return to the hotel and will recommend it to others. I will also consdier Sofitel hotels in other cities I visit.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>psycherie
<Content>Terrifique! We have stayed in the Sofitel in Chicago and hoped to have the same great experience in New York. From the extremely helpful bellman to the gracious reception to the chic and cozy room, all of our expectations and hopes were met. Our concierge recommended a wonderful restaurant to us we never would have found on our own, and we found everything about the experience to be top-notch. I would consider staying here again a privilege!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kaconway
<Content>Wonderful Place! I just can鈥檛 say enough about this gem! It was my husband and my anniversary and the first time out of JFK and into NYC. I can鈥檛 imagine staying anywhere else. From the moment we entered the swank lobby, we were greeted with 鈥淏onjouir鈥? It was a welcome calm after the insane Supper Shuttle from the airport (never again)! We arrived in our room on the 27th floor (great view) to find a bottle of champagne and 2 chocolate dipped strawberries waiting (I had arranged for this beforehand). Our room was lovely and spacious, I believe, for NYC. The bathroom had a separate tub, which I utilized often. The bed was very comfortable! Our first night in the city we did not have reservations and the bell man went to the trouble of phoning an eatery nearby, and then, once we were ready, walking us out of the hotel and directing us to restaurant. The food, by the by, was AMAZING. My parents often stay at the Peninsula and said our room was just as nice. I couldn鈥檛 say enough good things about this hotel. Such a find and we will stay here whenever we go back. You will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HUTCH1113
<Content>Top Notch Hotel My wife and I took our annual trip to NYC on July 13th and returned on July 17th, so we got to spend 3 fabulous nights at the Sofitel. Once I laid on the bed for the first time, I wished I was staying there for a month. The room itself is a perfect size with plenty of storage for clothes and anything else you may want to store. We were also extremely happy with the bathroom and the oversized towels that were provided. The bathroom was tastefully decorated, had great lighting and there was tons of room for a NYC bathroom. We stayed in room 1720 and had a nice view of the Chrysler building at night. During the day, you were looking down into an alley and on rooftops. Not very appealing, but the night time made up for it.The location can not be beat, as it is right on 44th street between 5th and 6th avenue. Extremely close to all the great midtown attractions, yet in its own little quiet world. In fact, you would never know that you are only a block and a half from the ever bustling Times Square. We ate at the Red Flame diner next door one evening and had a very nice meal for a reasonable price. We sat by the window, so we got to watch NY walk by as we ate. Also.....I wanted to extend thanks to the Sofitel for the following reason. The day before we were set to leave, my wife got food poisoning from the Rock Center Cafe in Rockefeller Center. She was sick all day and night to the point she couldnt even stand up. Our flight did not leave until 8:30pm on that day, so we had originally planned to store our luggage and do some more sightseeing. Well, that obviously wasnt going to happen. I asked the front desk if we could have late check out (only expecting a couple hours at most). She gave us until 8pm for no extra charge because of the circumstances. Normally, they would charge half the daily rate which would have been an extra $175. Needless to say, we were very grateful for their cooperation. Also, in past cases where we have been granted late checkout, the housekeepers bother you every 15 minutes until you leave. We stayed until 6pm without a peep out of anyone. That was very appreciated since my wife was asleep. I thoroughly enjoyed this hotel. I didnt have one complaint.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KatrinaM
<Content>What a way to spend your 40th We had a 4 night stay at this wonderful hotel. It was first class and in the most central location, yet quiet and away from the buzz of NY. This was a surprise trip for my husbands 40th and it must be the best trip we have ever had in our life. With direct flights now from Edinburgh to Newark with Continental Airlines, it made the whole holiday so much easier. Visited everything we could from Central Park, 5th Avenue, Times Square, Statue of Liberty, Ellis Island, Empire State Building etc etc. And to top it all on the birthday we took a helicopter trip over the city. Spectacular....... This was a beautiful hotel, good service, large rooms, luxury bathrooms and try the room service (great after a late night on Broadway). We will be back.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>vml5
<Content>Solid Four Star Hotel We just got back from staying at the Hotel Sofitel for the weekend. After taking a red eye flight, we arrived at the hotel around 7am on Sat. The front desk graciously checked us in immediately, and upgraded our room to the extent possible. They had no problem with our early arrival. Doormen, concierge, bellhop and front desk were all very friendly and polite.We stayed in a regular (petite) queen room...the deluxe was not yet available. By NY standards, the room size was average (on the smaller side...two people could not walk together in the hallway/path leading to the room's door). Small amenities like down comforters and pillows and complimentary evian water and fresh orchids in the bathroom were nice touches. The bathroom was average with a separate tub and shower, one sink with an over sized vanity. Everything done in marble, glass and chrome finishes. Soft padded carpeting, terry robes, and digital thermostat control gave the room a comfortable feel. The rooms were clean and so was the bedding and carpet.We had drinks and dessert at the Gaby restaurant downstairs. Prices were normal for NY, leaning on the high side. The raspberry tart was about $17 and very mediocre. The hotel is close to the theater district/Times Square so if you want to be in that area, this is the perfect hotel for you.Overall, this is a solid four star hotel which earns all four stars. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Puedder
<Content>"Best choice ever ! ..deserves being No.1 !!!       Bedroom  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>doggiebus
<Content>Great Everything Location, Service, Room Great Hotel. We checked in Thursday at 1:30 in the afternoon and checked out Sunday morning with no problems. Got to the room, very nicely decorated and the bed was very comfortable. For NYC the room was a good size. The Queen size bed we had, was fine. (FYI, We sleep in a California King Size bed at home) We had a view of the GE building which was nice for NYC standards. I loved that our luggage was hidden in the closets and the clothing too. My husband wished there were more drawers, he is an unpacker at hotels, which I am not. The bathroom was nice, the tub isn't the Ritz, but the shower was niice. The shower condiments smelled so nice too. They have a speaker in the bathroom that is connected to the TV, whcih is a nice feature. Other than hearing a phone ring from the room next door late one night, it was quite. Not sure if that means the walls are thin or not? We actually never saw a person on the floor the whole trip. Anyways, concierge was helpful. The Sofitel is in walking distance of the GE Building, Rockefeller Center, Empire State Building, Time Square, Central Park, 5th Avenure Shopping, Saks, Macy's, St. Patricks Cathedral, the U.N, Grand Central Station. There is a diner style restaurant called the Red Flame, that is great to get the day started with lots of carbs. Its on the same bloack as the hotel (44th between 5th and 6th) but closer to 6th. I would highly recommend staying here.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Postcorner
<Content>A class above We too stayed here based on tripadvisor and all I can say is thank you, thank you, thank you tripadvisor and of course, Sofitel.Not to brag, but we have been lucky enough to stay in hotels all over the world and this is quite possibly the very best.We read the reviews and, knowing New York, were trying not to build our hopes up. Well we shouldn't have worried.It was my partners 30th birthday and, following a tip on here, I emailed the hotel. On arrival we had been upgraded to a high floor room and on our first night had a complimentary (full size) bottle of champagne. The staff at reception were wonderfully polite and pleasant as were the bar staff, concierge and cleaning staff.The attention to detail in the room was amazing, plentiful soaps and accessories, even candles. After one night the staff had learned where we liked things and left the room as we liked it rather than rearrange things every day (I find that so annoying in most hotels). There is even a turndown service with complimentary water (necessary in the heat), fresh towels, etc. The staff were always very friendly and courteous and we didn't feel disturbed in anyway. They respected us as customers and you didn't feel like you were disrupting their schedule, as you often do elsewhere.The standard of cleanliness is impecable and the size of the room very generous for New York. The bed, well, just amazingly comfortable, even little details like the bottom pillow being slightly bigger had been thought of.Can't say enough, complimentary internet, very nice evening bar area and it goes on.I have never stayed in a Sofitel before and will certainly be using them again. I would not stay anywhere else in New York, that's for sure. The hotel is quite obviously managed extremely well and hopefully the standards won't slip as it becomes more and more popular thanks to tripadvisor.Oh and location, 200 yards from 5th avenue, 3 blocks from times square and the deli just on the right as you head to sixth, The Red Flame, serves a hearty breakfast. In short, (at last!) everything about Sofitel New York was just perfect and made our trip quite possibly the most pleasant vacation we've ever had.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful hotel We have just returned from our 1st visit to NYC.The Sofitel was perfect in every way, all staff were helpful, decor was styish and intimate, beds and pillows were heaven to sleep in, rooms were so quiet considering this is center of city. Location was great, loved the bar and wonderful food at Gaby's hotel restaurant.The Red Flame diner a few doors away is fine for quick breakfast and Daniel Bisto is next door, also amazing food. I would stay in this hotel next visit and recommend others to do so. This is also 1st time I have used Trip Advisor but it will not be the last. Christine N.Z.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sarman
<Content>A very well managed property.... We just returned from a two night escape to Manhattan. The Sofitel is a very fine hotel. We booked an internet special for a suite, requesting a higher floor - we were given 2508.... very clean, spacious, comfortable and quiet. We even tried the on-site restaurant, Gaby's, and enjoyed our selections - sea scallops for me, tuna for the wife -......( note to kitchen.....the rice cake underneath the tuna needs some fine tuning).We would certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Tripper200607
<Content>Solid Choice The Sofitel is well located for mid-town Manhattan, the level of fit, finish and maintenance is well up to par for the standard of hotel, and the staff provided good service.Unless you get a deal on the price, however, this can be a little steep, and that's the one thing that predicates against an Excellent ranking.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Was very satisfied.       Great beds  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Hank298
<Content>Without Peer I had a dual purpose stay in NYC, July 7-9, celebrating my anniversary and meeting with a significant client. I made reservations at the Sofitel Hotel because of the high recommendations made here. I was not disappointed.From the time of our arrival we were treated as honored guests. In looking for a location in the hotel to meet with my client I was introduced to the business sales director, Ms Francoise Christine, and she personally took us to several rooms to find the perfect setting for my meeting. The first evening, just prior to our night on the town to celebrate our anniversary, my wife and I were treated to a wonderful bottle of French champagne, compliments of the hotel. The beds were totally as advertised and our suite on the 25th floor had a great view and was a bargain by New York standards. You really can't find a better location for a pleasure visit. It's central to everything..... 5th Avenue shopping, Times Square, and the theater district. Everything was within easy walking distance.Away from the hotel, which is hard to leave because of the pleasantries of the entire staff, we saw Mamma Mia, which was great, light-hearted fun. We dined the first evening at the Divine Bar known for its wine and tapa selections. While nice, it didn't meet the standards of the recommendations I had read. Nevertheless, it was very convenient to Broadway and our show that evening.Our second night we dined with my clients at Michael's Restaurant, W. 55th St., on the recommedation of my next door neighbor and we arrived on celebrity night! We dined early and the restaurant was almost empty on our arrival at 6:15pm and the group following us in included Mary Tyler Moore and Bernadette Peters. Shortly afterward, Frank Gifford took the table next to ours (sans Kathy Lee) with another couple. The food was quite good (I'm a tough food critic) but the ambience and wine selection were wonderful. We completed the evening with a visit to the Gotham City Comedy Club headling Tony Rock, Chris Rock's younger brother. Anyone going to NYC should strongly consider a visit to the Sofitel Hotel. It's a great value and they out-Ritz the Ritz!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>linzi10
<Content>Sofitel is So fit for a queen! I booked the Sofitel for my mom's trip to NYC. I got a great internet rate for a queen room but was upgraded to a larger room upon arrival and presentation of my Sofitel privilege card. Service was fabulous, we forgot a few things, and they were brought right up. I was given a key to the room at 1pm so that I could take up a gift for my mom. The beds are absolutely fabulous -- the only downside is that you won't want to get up! But you must get up and travel to the neighboring Bryant Park for some excellent people watching and/or drinks at the Bryant Park Grill. Just as my stay at the Sofitel DC, I was more than pleased with the Sofitel here in NYC. And after staying at several NYC high end hotels -- the Sofitel is the best.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply The Best We have just returned from six nights at the New York Sofitel.Whilst this is our first Tripadvisor report - our opinion of the Sofitel is based on comparison with a variety of Hotels across four continents.Our 'Best' Hotels to date have been the Shangri La Singapore and the Bangkok Marriott Resort  Spa.Until now we had not stayed at a Sofitel Hotel.So why has staying at the Sofitel caused us to go into print?Because the Hotel made a great visit to New York even better.We were on the 23rd floor with a great view of the Chrysler Building.The room was a good size with ample space around the bed and a separate seating area.The bathroom had both bath and separate walk-in shower which we consider essential.The non-smoking room was well presented, clean with good quality furniture, towels etc.The bed was simply the best Hotel bed we have experienced - just so comfortable.The room was serviced twice a day which meant when you dropped back to the Hotel (great location 鈥?central but quiet) to have a midday shower (its hot and humid in July) you knew that the clean room and towels you were using would be replaced for the evening.Best of all - all the staff are so friendly, informative and helpful.Meals were expensive compared to local eateries.We choose to to eat out for three quarters of the time on the basis of cost and also to experience New Yorkers food 鈥?but when we did eat in the Hotel we found the food and service excellent. Why was the Sofitel New York so different and so good?It is very difficult to put into words - we have stayed in many Hotels which provide equally as good rooms, clean beds and showers, a pleasant ambiance, friendly staff and are situated in good locations.But being at the Sofitel just made us 鈥榝eel鈥?good.The overall experience was greater than the sum of the parts.You will just have to try it for yourself.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>57sport
<Content>1st Rate Accomodations  Returned late Mon night after spending 3.5 days @ this beautiful hotel. The positive reviews posted on this forum were right on target. Visited NYC w/ Mom, 2 sisters, cousin and her friend, June 30 - July 3. I was the only one in our party that had never visited the city before and each encounter with anyone was friendly (almost as good as the south).If you've never been to the Sofitel, please go, if only for 1 night. The room was very spacious and we were on the 21st floor. I speak a little French and was amazed that each french-speaking employee took the time to slowly ask questions and respond to mine to make sure I understood. Formidable!I travel quite a bit for pleasure and the ammenities were top notch. Ditto to each post regarding the room  the hotel. We were 2 to a room and the european twin beds (longer and wider than standard twin in the states, although not as wide as a full bed) were parallel to the Wynn beds in Las Vegas. Registration as well as check-out was a breeze; concierge (Vladimir) has lots of patience with guests on the phone or in line at his desk. The bellman could answer our questions specific to any subject and made sure we understood his directions.Due to time restraints we were able to cram lots of attractions, however, will return to complete the sights. Bring very comfortable shoes, lots of water and a camera, as this is a walking city, sort of like San Francisco, without the hills.Once you've had a taste of the luxurious atmosphere at the Sofitel, you won't want to stay anywhere else. I absolutely, positively, give the Sofitel 5 stars in all catergories and can't wait to return! Au Revoir et Bon Soir mes amies...  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bluiz1997
<Content>Great Hotel Mu husband and I stayed at the Sofitel for 2 nights. The hotel was great. It was in a great location. Very close to many attractions and a short cab ride away from most others. Subway stops are close. The hotel is far enough away from the hustle tucked in a quiet side area. The rooms were very nice, modern, and clean. Not to be redundant but the beds were VERY comfortable. The service was wonderful. It was my husband's burthday on the day we arrived and I had read that many have been upgraded or received complimentary wine, food etc. however, I did not feel I wanted to make this obvious for free items, upgrade etc. Upon checkin we were asked if we were celebrating a b-day, etc. I was honest and admitted to my husband's birthday. We were treated to a bottle of champeigne and a room upgrade which was very nice! Make sure to try the hotel restraunt Gaby. The food and service were excellent! We will definately stay at the Sofitel again.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely PERFECT! You cannot find a better hotel with such a wonderful location, beautiful rooms and impeccable service. We recently had a four night stay and everything was exceptional! The Concierge was very helpful! The room we stayed in (King Suite) was huge....beautiful...comfortable bed....and QUIET! The location is wonderful and within walking distance of everthing. I would 100% reccomend this hotel!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>muzzmashe
<Content>Doesn't deserve no. 1 rating Five night stay - June 21-26 -my son's wedding - had booked months in advance - Superior Room for me and wife - $379 a night - plus taxes - THE ROOM WAS SO SMALL we couldn't both walk around up at the same time. This was clearly a single room - one bathrobe in the rroom - at night when they gave you the little water bottle (big deal) 1 was left - the towels were sparse - I complained and i must say they responded to my complaint promptly - a Ms. Aline Bitkind was sympathetic and offered us another room - the next day - the room was more to what we had expected - nice size - except the smell of cigarette smoke permeated the room even though it was supposed to be a non smoker -but by this time i didn't feel like complianiung again .Even with this room I don't see the no. 1 rarting - sure it's a good location - it's quiet - friendly helpful staff - but they charge $10 a day for wireless service three computers in the lobby are always beeing used)It's a very nice hotel - clean and good service but really - at those prices - nothing that special. reading some of the reviews i am certain that they are not -- at least some of them - by unaffiliated people - I have nt prroof - just the way they're worded -  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best hotel experience - ever! We chose this hotel thanks to Trip Advisor, and we're so glad we did. All the other reviews are spot on; it's difficult to praise the Sofitel NYC too much. The comfy bed, sumptuous bathroom and quality decor are all as previously described. We thought we'd mention a few special touches that really impressed us.In the bathroom we had both a generous shower cubicle and a full-sized bath. Far too many clean towels appeared every day and the toilet roll was regularly folded into a neat pointy shape at the end when the cleaning staff had visited. They also left us complimentary bottles of Evian and a handy card telling us what the weather would be like the following day. The staff were friendly and helpful the whole time. We even spotted the doorman handing out an umbrella to a random passer-by as she was getting so soaked (it rained a lot while we were there). We loved the xylophone chime the staff used to summon the porters (obviously we weren't allowed to carry our own cases).The only thing to avoid would be using room service - which is very expensive. And don't believe what you see in the main mirror either - we've never looked so tall and thin!We got a very good deal on a Premier Queen room, so much so that we were convinced there must have been some mistake! We'll definitely be going back, but now we've seen pictures of the King rooms...  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lilirishstar
<Content>wow, wow, wow       pluh bed  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Experience My husband and I recently stayed at the Sofitel and had a great time. The staff was so kind and helpful, they made us feel very welcome. Because we were celebrating our anniversary, they left us a bottle of wine in our room. I thanked them and told them that we don't drink. The next day they left us fruit, chocolates, and all these goodies in it's place! It was very thoughtful of them:) The room and bathroom were a good size and very clean and nice. The bed was sooo comfortable! Aside from that, the location was prefect, right in the middle of all the good stuff. I definately recommend staying at this hotel when you visit NYC!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>golffanatic
<Content>Fantastic hotel (just one "but"...) My daughter and I stayed at the Sofitel at the end of April and were delighted with the hotel, in common with most other reviewers - room and bathroom very clean, very comfortable beds and friendly staff. Despite all the good mentions of the diner just outside the hotel, we decided to be lazy and had room service breakfast every day, which was brought up by a delightful lady. However, on the last night, when we came to settle the bill, we noticed that there was a charge of approximately $50 for Gaby's Restaurant food, and we had only been to Gaby's for one drink on one occasion. On further enquiry, this turned out to be a breakfast of French Toast. When I asked to see the signed bill, someone had written my surname (but spelt it wrongly) and my room number. As we had obviously not been there, due to the room service breakfast, the item was deducted from my account. In view of this, I feel there should be some form of checking when signing in the hotel, and the fact that my name was on it, was quite worrying. As I was checking out of the hotel, I asked for the manager's email address. I was given a business card, which I later noticed was an Assistant Front Office Manager's card. I emailed her when I returned, but six weeks later, have had no response.As I said at the beginning of this review, overall we were delighted with the hotel and would certainly return, but I am disappointed that no-one saw fit to reply to my email.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The only problem was I didn't want to leave! An exceptionally great hotel, very clean (I'm very fussy about that kind of thing!) and the location couldn't have been better for a base to explore NYC.When we checked in the lady at reception said as we were staying for a full week that they would upgrade us to a King room which had a view of the Empire State Building!I know everyone reviewing the hotel has mentioned the beds, but they are most definitely worth mentioning again! it was like sleeping on a big fluffy white cloud! exactly what is needed after full days and nights of shopping, sightseeing and enjoying NYC nightlife.I think that although the hotel is a bit expensive it is worth it as NYC can get a bit hectic and I personally found the Sofitel to be a comfortable and relaxing haven to recharge!The buses were a great way to get around and see more sights, we paid 24 dollars to get a weeks pass which is unlimited travel on the buses and also the subway (which is about a million times better than the London underground) otherwise each trip is 2 dollars regardless of destination.I personally found New Yorkers to be incredibly friendly and very helpful. I hope anyone choosing the Sofitel will have a great stay as we did.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect in every way We were spending only one night in New York, so I did a lot of online research to pick one that sounded nice, comfortable, was convenient to the theater district but not right in it, and which fit our budget of $300 or less. Based on the reviews here, I chose Sofitel and booked the cheapest room at $259. What a great deal -- you get so much for what you pay, particularly in New York.As recommended, I mentioned it was our anniversary online, not thinking anything would come of it, but when we arrived, the extremely friendly and helpful Gabrielle told us we had been given a deluxe room on the 27th floor. We had a view of Chrysler Building (and the Puerto Rican Day Parade preparations the next morning) and there was sparking wine waiting for us with a thoughtful note.The bed indeed was the most comfortable I've ever slept in. The room was big by any standards, and the bathroom was enormous by any standards. Both a shower and a tub (with a detachable showerhead), large sink with a large lit mirror, mood lighting, a candle, and fresh flowers. Lots of closet space with all different kinds of hooks. The blackout curtains were great, as we were up late the night before. The room was totally dark. Best of all was the soundproofing. Not only could we not hear any street noise, particularly the preparation for the Puerto Rican Day Parade, replete with bands and DJs blaring full blast as we discovered when we went outside, but, most incredible of all, when I opened the door, I discovered someone vacuuming right outside our door. I couldn't even hear the vacuum when I was on the other side of the door!Left our bags with the concierge as we explored the city on Sunday. No charge to leave the bags. Also, when we checked in the night before, Gabrielle asked if we wanted late checkout. Staff was extremely helpful. We were sad to go and wished we could have stayed longer.Only criticisms: bathrobes were a bit scratchy (big deal) and the air conditioning was finicky. Either too cold or too warm, even if you only adjusted it one notch.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sofitel NYC = Fantastic Just got back from a quick 2 night get away to NYC with my girlfriend. We had been to NYC once before but stayed in a different hotel. I did a lot of research this time around and all the reviews on this website about the Sofitel are bang on.We had a great room with one of the best beds in the world! I think it was better than my bed at home. Anyways, hotel staff was great and very friendly. The hotel was pretty quite for NYC and overall a great atmosphere.As for location you are about 1 minute to all the shopping on 5th and 6th Avenue, 5 mins to Times Square, 15 minutes to Central Park.One suggestion is to join their rewards program on-line (it is free) you get a late check-out (if you ask 4pm) which is perfect for a late flight, 2 free drinks at the bar and points towards a free stay.Next time we go to NYC we will be staying at the Sofitel.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Altamar
<Content>It is every bit as good as the reviews here suggest       Deluxe room with Queen bed  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marvthemarv
<Content>Super Sofitel       VIEW FROM ROOM  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>labyrinthhuntrr
<Content>Great stay at a well-run hotel My husband and I stayed at the Sofitel this past weekend. The hotel is beautiful, with fresh flowers and a deep, thick carpet in the lobby. Even the lobby music was hip and subtle, but not pretentious. We didn't go to any Broadway shows this trip, but it would have been a convenient location if we had decided to do so.We locked ourselves out of our room, and the front desk staff was polite and quickly gave us new room keys. Storing luggage and having taxis called was also done politely and efficiently.Our room had a view of the city. The art hung in the room was tasteful and romantic. The bed and bedding were very clean and comfortable. The bathroom included a marble shower and a standard tub. The room service menu was extensive and delivered quickly, if somewhat pricey.If I had to nitpick, I would note that only one washcloth and one bathrobe was in the room (although I'm sure if we had requested more, they would have been provided). One of the closets did not close properly without some finagling. The bathroom had double doors, which left a small gap between them. However, these were definitely minor issues and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay, and would return.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kmturk
<Content>Sofitel Ruined our Vacation We booked our stay at sofitel not knowing that it will be a disaster in waiting. For a hefty amount we booked a room for 5 nights. When we go there on 5/27 1:30 am the manager Melisa got rude with us when we asked for the King room. She said we will only get the Queen room. She forced us to contact price line if we wanted king room. Priceline was closed at that time so we disappointingly settled for Queen room. She was also not willing to give us any room above 15th floor.Next day we talked with Priceline to ask for King room and they said it was upto Hotel management. I was on phone for almost one hour with Priceline and Sofitel managment tossing me to each other. This was our first trip to New York which had already started on a bad note. Eventually Sofitel management asked us to pay $100 extra per night if we wanted the King size room. Interestingly another staff person at the desk had asked for $80 earlier and yet another one for $50. Me and my wife were so frustrated and disappointed with Sofitel that we settled with our Queen room and focused on the NY City and tried to forget the worst experince that we had with Sofitel and Priceline.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fantastic in NY i stayed at the Sofitel due to the reviews i read on this site and i wasn't dissapointed. Iit has a great location, one block from Time Square and one block from fifth avenue, and like everybody else the beds are the most comfortable ones i have ever slept in, the rooms are huge for NY and are very well presented, i would recommend this hotel to anyone and i will stay there again next time.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the best hotels in New York This hotel was outstandingWe read the feedback from others before and contacted the hotel direct to request a room on a higher level as suggestedIt was a surprise trip for my husbands 40th last week and the service we received was great - the hotel is within ten minutes stroll of all atractions (two blocks from Time Square and less than ten minutes to Empire State)The concierge recommended top (but pricey) restaurants which were well worth the money -real dining experiences. We also had breakfast one day at the Red Flame - on the same block - would highly recommend this. Food is not what the Sofitel is about it is a great hotel not a great restaurantWhen they found out it was my husbands 40th they arranged for champagne and a room upgrade - the service was great, the hotel was lovely (especially the beds!) one word sums this up AMAZING!  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Travellersfromswitzerland
<Content>What could we have done to make your stay more enjoyable       View from room 2412  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Wonderful Sofitel       The view from my room  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ardenp
<Content>Fabulous hotel! We stayed at the Sofitel for a quick anniversary getaway in Manhattan - I picked it based on its excellent reviews on this site, and couldn't have been more pleased. The service was amazing - we checked in early, got upgraded to a suite when they didn't have a room on the upper floors (which I had reserved online) and received a complimentary bottle of champagne with a handwritten note congratulating us on our anniversary! (I recommend mentioning this in the comments section when making the reservation). The bed was very comfortable with luxurious linens (very similar to the Westin Heavenly Bed), and the bathroom was beautiful as well. The suite was spacious (we did see the standard sized room as well and it was reasonably sized). The room was well soundproofed.I had looked at many of the other luxury hotels in Manhattan - I can't imagine how they could have been any nicer than the Sofitel, which was priced more reasonably. I would definitely stay there again, and would consider staying at its other resort locations in the future.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HappyTravelers4106
<Content>Join the Club! My husband and I stayed at this hotel while we were visiting New York for a wedding. We joined the Sofitel privilege card club on the internet just a few hours before we checked in. We requested via-e-mail our card number so we could add it to our reservation. We called ahead and gave the number, which meant we got an upgraded room, late check out, free use of the gym and a two free drinks at the bar. It's absolutely worth taking a few minutes to sign up. Definitely try the French Martini's at the bar! The rooms at this hotel were very clean and pretty spacious. I was surprised they did not have a coffee pot which would have been nice and a friend ordered a pot of coffee for an nearly morning wake up only to find they brought her decaff. But the location of this hotel is perfect if you want to be in the heart of things and if you are seeing any Broadway shows. Almost everything is within walking distance or a quick cab ride. The staff was helfpul if not overly friendly. We would definitley recommend this hotel for nice getaway in the City.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jadrija
<Content>Excellent !!! Spent three nights there, from May 18 to 21, '06. Excellent hotel. Clean! Stylish. Modern. Even a free Internet access from the bunch of the computers located in the lobby! The bed was soooo cool, we had to drag ourselves out of it. The only thing that could be improved IMHO is to slightly adjust concierge's attitude; it was not bad, but certainly not at the level with the Sofitel. The other thing, rather small and easy to fix: some of the bell boys are not at the level expected from Sofitel.  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>KeysOceanDrive
<Content>Sofitel New York - ASK for extras! We stayed at the Sofitel for 3 nights (May 20-23, '06). We paid $302.35 each night including taxes thru Expedia when booked with our airfare. I have seen better and I have seeen worse rates....Another guest did the following which I think are excellent ideas- I didn't read thoroughly enough though to do this for our visit- I hope you do....: -emailed the hotel prior to arrival to confirm booking and request a room with a good view- also mentioned that it as a special trip for both-On arrival they were given -a free upgrade to a deluxe Queen room on the top floor (29th) with an amazing view of the Chrysler Building- a complimentary bottle of Champagne on ice with 2 small boxes of chocolates and bottled water- It's in a great location, with plenty going on in the surrounding area - between 5th  6th Aves. at 44th 45th Sts. Theatre district to the west and shopping to the north.-Our room was #1414, no view but still nice. Very neutral decor and everything is newer and updated throughout.- The room was a nice size with a desk, chair, 2 side chairs and table, mini bar ($5.50 for 1 can of Diet Coke), 2 nightstands, safe large enough for laptop, built in lighted closet and shelves for clothing. -The bed was very comfortable., it felt like you were sandwiched between two duvet covers, ask for a top sheet though!- Nice marble seperate shower, sink and porc. bathtub , makeup mirror, towels were large but not thick and fluffy- given 3 for 2 peoplle, ask for more if needed!- That diner is really good and convenient, Starbucks out the back door thru the restaurant.-Restaurant/bar nice for after dinner drink, decorated in leopard prints.-We would definitely stay there again!And do take the Top of the Rock tour at Rockefeller! Also, the Boathouse restaurant in Central Park was beautiful on the pond on a beautiful sunny May day! Also the discount tickets box office has been moved off of Times Square (think west) near the Marriott Marquis Hotel!  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>SOFITEL HOTEL NYC - Really good hotel - highly recommend ! ! ! We stayed at the Sofitel Hotel in NYC for two nights in May. It's a really good hotel. The room was extremely comfortable, clean and modern - great beds! The bathroom was excellent - a wonderful shower!! The bar and restaurant were lovely but really pricey! The Red Flame Diner a few doors down is perfect for breakfast. The location was great - midtown near Times Square. We walked everywhere. Central Park was good fun and the new Apple Store opposite the Plaza Hotel is worth checking out. The staff at the Sofitel were very helpful but they were also a bit frosty... The man at Conceirge wasn't really that helpful - a forced politeness. However, I would definitely stay at this hotel again. A perfect Hotel to stay in especially if this is your first trip to NYC. It was worth paying a little extra for the Sofitel because it was so comfortable - it's also a safe hotel and in a good neighbourhood. Not five star - but a very good 4 star!  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>wacka
<Content>Absolute World Class I have stayed at this hotel 6 times in the last year. The location is perfect. Vlad, the conceirge, is only out ranked by his assistant, the most beautiful female concierge in New York! The room is spacious and extremely tasteful. The service from the bellmen to the front desk is efficient, friendly, and extremely professional. I would rank this as one of my favorite hotels in the world. Period.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Westonian
<Content>An unusually quiet NYC hotel We stayed in a basic double room facing 45th Street on the 16th floor for the Internet rate of $399 + $56.89 taxes = 455.89. The check-in was fast at a well-staffed front desk. The room, while not large, was well furnished and well-equipped with the exception of coffee/tea-making equipment, which is not even available from housekeeping on demand. The bathroom had a separate, glassed-in shower stall. Everything in both the bedroom and the bathroom was like new.The biggest plus was the excellent soundproofing, which yielded total silence throughout the night -- no trace of any traffic noise -- something not provided by many much more expensive NYC hotels. Another unusual plus in New York City was the very smart, polite, efficient and apparently bilingual staff in both the hotel and the restaurant.The biggest minus was the lack of coffee/tea making equipment. The minimal continental breakfast from Room Service costs just under $25 per person when the taxes and mandatory tip are factored in. Check-out was fast and accurate.  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Birdman1970
<Content>Faultless Absolutely perfect. Cannot fault this hotel. Have been to NYC many times and this is the best hotel I have stayed in here. Perfect location. The rooms are spotlessly clean. The bathrooms are enormous. The beds? Well, you could just lie on them all day...apart from the fact that there is so much good stuff to do and see in NY.OK, so the bar and restaurant are not cheap. But hey, show me a city centre 4* plus hotel that is. Leave that to the business travellers on expense accounts. these things are not important in a city like NY for holidaymakers.What is important for all is the comfort, the excellent service and all the little things that make a perfect holiday. The Sofitel is second to none!  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Thebrowndog
<Content>Elegant and warm We just came back from a 2 night stay at Sofitel.It was great.Very centrally located.A short walk to times square or fifth ave.Everyone was very french..but very friendly.Room service was quick, front desk was quick.The rooms are spotlessly clean.Housekeepers were lovely.But, the bed is beyond good it is heavenly!They just engulf you in feathers from the featherbed to the comforter and pillows.It is like sleeping on a cloud.Fresh flowers in the bathroom which is all marble.I don't have a bad word to say about SofitelI would recommend it and will stay there in our future trips to the city  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Location - Great Hotel Stayed at the Sofitel for 3 nights between 20th April to 23rd April 2006 which was purely based on the recommendations on Trip Advisor and I am pleased to say I was not disappointed. I booked it online direct with the Sofitel as I found this was cheaper. The trip was a surprise for my husbands 40th birthday and after requesting a high floor we got a free upgrade on arrival to floor 26. (We didnt get the champagne that others have mentioned but didnt let this spoil it). The reception staff and Concierge were always helpful and we were allowed to check out 1 hour later and left our luggage at the front desk until we had to catch our flight.Great view from our wiindow of the Chrysler Building and round the corner from Empire State Building. The room size was ample for the two of us and yes the beds are the best we have ever slept in. We have never walked as much as we did in New York and we felt the comfort of the beds more than met our standards. (I agree you do need comfortable shoes). Bathroom was quite large and the room had lovely finishing touches and we were told the weather forecast and given free water every night by the maid service. Did not eat at the Sofitel mainly due to being expensive but there are so many great places to eat that this was not a problem. Turn right when you come out of the hotel and there is a great diner called Red Flame which serves great breakfasts which were great value. Also try Planet Hollywood they do BOGOF drinks between 4 and 6 pm. Other good places were TGI Fridays which had several locations throughout NY. There are a couple of good Irish pubs on 45th Street, one of which is called Connollys which do nice food and it has a good atmosphere. On a Sunday there is a big street market going down this street which was quite good.The hotel is located within 5mins walk from Times Square and close to Grand Central Station, Chrysler building, ESB, Bryant Park and Rockefellar centre. It took us about 15-20mins to walk to Central Park. We used the subway to get down to Ground Zero and the Statue of Liberty which was hassle free. One experience worth doing is the Helicopter Tour called the Big Apple which takes you over the Statue of Liberty, Ellis Island and down the Hudson river with Liberty Helicopters. Try to catch a show on Broadway, we went to see Chicago at the Ambassador Theatre which was excellent. Shopping in New York is excellent we found Maceys as one of the best stores (dont forget to get your discount card from the customer service desk in Maceys). We flew into Newark and got taxis to and from the Sofitel which cost about 拢35 including tip one way. Whilst in NY we had two extreme sides of the weather - first 2 days were scorching hot and the last 2 days were downpours but the hotel very kindly borrowed us a large umbrella so we were still able to walk about and not get wet. We flew with Continental airlines which were also excellent and by being able to check in online at the hotel we found this saved us queuing up at Newark. All we had to do was drop off our suitcases at a desk. New York is a great city where we felt safe walking around and we would definitely stay at the Sofitel again, its a bit pricey as you don't spend much time in your bedroom while visiting NY but well worth it for a once in a lifetime visit.  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kate227patt
<Content>ok, but not number 1 Stayed for two nights early May in a suite as a special trip. Suite was spacious and decor was lovely, however there were large tears in the sofa which I was a little surprised at.Bathroom was great, again very spacious and very clean.Bed was very comfortable as other reviewers have stated.I signed up for the privilege card which meant we were given free drinks tokens at check in, for cocktails/champagne, this was a nice touch. The card also entitled us to a late check out of 4pm. Good in theory but in reality we had to pack/finish getting washed, dressed etc with the maid in the room as she told us she had to have the room cleaned and ready for 4pm. Note that we checked out at 3.30 so she was in our room with us from about 3pm. Not so good for privacy.Overall a good hotel but I wasn't too impressed with the service for the price I paid for a suite.  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>emma2007Dublin
<Content>mad about this place i am just back from 5 nights in new york and reason i stayed here was trip advisor.. and the reviews didnt let me down, cos we are irish we normally stay in fitpatricks never again! wouldnt stay anywhere else in new york then the sofitel.. from the moment we pulle dup outside the hotel the experience was brilliant! the beds were the best beds i have ever stayed in the staff were out of this world.. my mum was very ill when we arrived they nearly carried her up the the bed!the bathrooms were fab so clean and the extras like the candle and all that was brilliantwe walked down to the show in times square (7 mins)we walked to macys( 14 mins)its just brilliantwe had rooms service... we had club sambo pizza burger and salad it was all just lovelybreakfast of pankcakes and porridge was yummie to delivered to the room and so fresh and tastyi cant say enough i just loved itwe were 4 out to shop for the 4 days and it was prefect two twin rooms right beside each other on the 21st floor... u couldnt hear a car or anythingtwo words sofitel hotel - perfect for shopping id say a romatic weekend or bussines i will defo be going back and cant wait  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>patrickfortune
<Content>Absolutely Magnificent       View from the 29th Floor  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>peronei
<Content>Well deserved award My husband and I stayed in New York for 5 nights at the Sofitel. The welcoming staff was not overly friendly but that was okay. We loved the entrance hall and the whole appearence of the hotel. The room was very nice and clean not very spacious but absolutely spotless ( I was looking for the spots but could not find any). Try to get a high floor as the views are fantastic day and night. For some odd reason we had a crib in our room which we never requested. After several apologies the staff removed the crib. One bulb in the bathroom had to be replaced I think they did it within a few minutes after we reported it. Very fast and efficient service.The location is also absolutely fantastic you can walk everywhere and you are there in the middle of time square within 3 minutes walk. The good thing is although the hotel is so central it is still very quite and peaceful.For breakfast we recommend the red flame dinner as it has the best breakfast ever. I generally do not like hotels but this one is very superb and I would recommend it to everyone.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderfu Hotel!!!! We stayed here from April 26-30 after reading all the positive reviews on Trip Advisor. We were in NYC for our 10th Anniversary. Upon checking in we found out that they upgraded us to a suite on the 29th floor with a beautiful view of the Chrysler Building.The staff was very nice and made us feel right at home. This hotel is perfectly located in downtown Manhattan.. easy to walk to most things you would want to go to. Perfect for shopping on 5th Ave and not a far walk to Lord and Taylor and Macys.We ate breakfast at the Red Flame every morning since the hotel restaurant seemed quite pricey.We had originally booked a room at the Westin on Times Square.. VERY glad we didn't stay there.. was very noisy around that hotel. The Sofitel is very quiet and peaceful.Saw Monty Python's Spamalot.. totally hilarious!!! Would recommend this musical to anyone.Would definitely stay at the Sofitel again!!!  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>KC305
<Content>PURE LUXURY       Entrance  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>edpovall
<Content>Good Choice We stayed for five nights at the Sofitel at the end of April and had a great time. I've given it 4 out of 5 only because I think 5 should be reserved for outstanding hotels and I think the Sofitel fell just short.We arrived at about 1pm and they had a room ready on the 12th floor. I asked if they had anything higher up and they said they would have a room on the 18th floor that would be ready at 3. So we plumped for that one and went for a wander around. When we came back later the 18th floor room wasn't ready so they put us on the 20th floor.Good points:- Good size rooms- Lovely bathroom- Rooms were quiet- VERY comfy bed- Excellent maid service - the rooms were done twice a day- Good central locationThere are no major negative points but if I'm being REALLY picky:- The shower lacked power- Towels were not particulalry luxurious- Service was a little cold- A TFT television would have been nice instead of the CRT- The air con was a bit on the loud side- The reception desk was in an odd location around the back of the lobbyOverall a really good hotel that made for an excellent first time in New York.  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>YATATTACK
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Stayed at the Sofitel for three nights, what can i say thats not already been said, wonderful hotel, great location and hugh rooms. Been to New York several times and this is by far the best hotel we've stayed in. Booked a suite which was hugh with a seperate sitting area, large bathroom and a bed thats really confortable.Staff where really friendly and concierge sorted us out a great resteraunt.Next time we go to New York, this is where we will be staying.  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ZoJo
<Content>Perfect location We arrived at the Sofitel mid afternoon on a Saturday. Our room wasn't ready, we asked for a room on one of the upper floors and were asked to return in an hour. When we did that they said there was still nothing available so as we were tired we took the room we were offered on the 4th floor. The person we spoke to on both occasions was most unhelpful and dismissive. The next day we got someone far more helpful and he promised us a room mid afternoon. When we went back we were given something on the 19th floor.Other than that, this hotel is very good, very quiet and the staff other than the person we got when we arrived very helpful. The Concierge gave us some really good recommendations for restaurants and also helped us with the subway routes. The Red Flame a couple of doors down is great for breakfast. The shops, TOTR, ESB, Central Park and Times Square are all within easy walking distance.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Matched up to the excellent reviews Have just returned from a 4 night stay over Easter with my boyfriend. Was not disappointed by this hotel and it lived up to the great reviews I read. Location is excellent and my top tip is there is a great diner to have breakfast just down the same street. The room and particularly the bathroom was fantastic and couldn't fault the service either. Would definitely recommend. Anna from London  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Zayn1981
<Content>Excellent Stay at Sofitel I have just returned from a week long business trip to NY. I had a choice of the Affinia Dumont but chose the sofitel because of its location to my work place and the reviews at tripadvisor. Let me begin with saying the reviews are spot-on. I arrived on a thursday night and was greeted by the friendly reception staff who were very pleasant. I had phoned the previous night and asked for a quiet room if possible. They had remembered this and gave me a room on the 26th floor, which was great as it was really quiet. The room itself was a generious size very similar to that of the Barclay intercontinental where i stayed previously. A clean room with all the necessary requirements that a business traveller would need. Part of my package included breakfast at the hotel. The breakfast was excellent prompt service and a very good menu. Overall i am very pleased with my stay at the sofitel and can see why it is number one on this list  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>aspenannie
<Content>Solid - but #1 ? We recently spent 3 nights at the Sofitel in NYC and had a very enjoyable time. It is a great location and an oasis of calm in the midst of the bustling city. My only compalint....sorry...is that the beds here were not quite up to par with the Sofitel in SFO where I stay a couple weeks per year. I'm a comfortable bed fanatic and these mattresses have seen better days. The linens are great. I loved the bathrooms. Huge for NY. Everything else was fantastic. Is this the #1 hotel in NYC ? Guess it depends on your budget. We had one meal in the restaurant and were not impressed. The SFO Bay Sofitel has a little restaurant where you can buy the BEST pastries made in America. We wished that the NY location would have this, too.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mcmdee
<Content>One of the best city hotels ever! If you look at all the previous reviews, you'll see a recurring theme, so I won't go on too long in this review. In a nutshell, if you look for the following in a hotel when going on a city break, then don't waste your time searching for other NY hotels because Sofitel New York has it all:1) Excellent location for both sightseeing and transport2) Spacious rooms and good facilities, ie soft beds, lovely bathrooms3) Friendly and efficient staff in every department4) Fairly priced for the luxury obtained (even cheaper if booked as a package on Expedia)5) Spotlessly clean grand lobby and floors - high attention paid to maintenance6) Nice touches, eg free bottled water, robes, etcIf you're going to New York on a medium budget, STAY HERE!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly recommended hotel in a great location I booked this hotel on the strength of previous positive postings and I was not disappointed. You felt like an important guest from the moment of your arrival. The doormen (Special mention to Randy and William) who were very helpful.Check-in was quick and painless and you didn't have to wait an age for the lift to arrive!Usually rooms in NYC are relatively small (ie not much room to swing a cat) but its fair to say that my jaw dropped when I entered our room. It was huge!! And the bathroom was a decent size with both a shower cubicle and a bath (being 5 foot one I fitted in it perfectly!) The curtains were heavy and thick so it was easy to fall asleep at night. A fresh bottle of evian with a note on the following days weather forecast was also left every night.I would disagree with previous comments about not going up the Empire State if you've never done it before. All I would say is go first thing in the morning or late at night to avoid the queues - the view is incredible. Other suggestions would be:-Take the free Staten Island Ferry - the views of the Statue of Liberty and Manhattan are amazing on a clear day. The crossing takes roughly half an hour. Take the subway to Bowling Green then its just across the road.Head to Strawberry Fields in Central Park - there's usually a good crowd with musicians so you can have a sing song.I would also recommend the Monkey Bar which is on East 54th Street between Madison and Park Avenue. For all you Sex and the City fans - this is where Carrie and Big decide to be friends after their affair. It's very chic and moody and the Cosmopolitans are to die for!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Faultless.... It hardly needs saying again considering all the great reviews on this web site but I don't think I would ever stay anywhere else in New York having been to the Sofitel. It is a lovely hotel, in a perfect location, with great staff and worth every penny.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>my favorite NYC hotel I rarely write any reviews, but let me simply say that this hotel was incredible. very large room by NYC standard, wonderfully polite staff, great location.... If you can get a good rate on this hotel, look no further. Really pleasant.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>WikkdNoice
<Content>A New York with bigger the a phone booth rooms Came down with my girlfriend for the Easter Weekend. WITHOUT A DOUBT THE BIGGEST HOTEL ROOMS FOR THE PRICE! Mid town manhattan has lots of small hotels with tiny rooms. This place had a fullsize bath and shower in the bathroom and a bedroom with more then just walking room to the bed.The french flair was romantic, and the rooms are checked twice a day. They actually turn down the bedding for you in the evening. Close enough to be a 10$ cab ride to anywhere... I will be staying in this hotel next time I'm in NYC.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lilmismayhem
<Content>What a place! Stayed at the Sofitel for 5 nights for my 30th Birthday. After reading other reviews on this site I got myself a Priviledge card and scored 3 free glasses of champagne and a late 4pm check out. Although the room wasn't ready for our arrival (hence the 1 x extra free champagne) they were quick in getting it sorted (took 30 minutes whilst we supped in the bar). Room was gorgeous, bed comfortable but the bathroom was a lot smaller then I thought it would be. The room smelt amazing.A free bottle of champagne and glasses were waiting for us along with a birthday card when we arrived back later that night.Although concierges looked really overworked they managed to book restaurants and airport transfers for us, plus the doormen were really nice and up for a chat!Only thing was that we paid extra for a city view room (we got a view of Empire State straight out the window and the Chrysler building if you looked at a tight angle) I'm not sure it was really worth it. We were also in the room next to the stairs and ice machine which occasionally woke us up in the night. Overall fantastic and would stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Markmywords
<Content>It's all true! I won't repeat all that has already been said about the excellent Sofitel New York, just to say that my wife and I had a wonderful experience staying for four days in April. The hotel is excellent with exceedingly friendly and helpful staff and can not be faulted.A few ideas1. Don't bother with the Empire States Building, the queues are very long (allow at least an hour) and the whole experience is tacky and tired.2. Go to Top of the Rock which is excellent, the queues are short, the experience is better and there is much more room to look around and admire the views.3. Try Rosen鈥檚 Deli, 23 East 51 Street, good deli in art deco surroundings.4. Depending on your point of view either take your partner or avoid Diamond Street (47th Street). There are some amazing bargains in comparison to the inflated jewellery prices in the UK.5. Finally, the pretzels are heavy going and one between two is sufficient!!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>eurolondoner
<Content>It's the human touch that makes the difference I concur with most of your other reviewers: this is a truly wonderful hotel. To me, however, it is the people who mostly make the different. I stayed at the hotel during the February snow blizzard, and my plane was cancelled. The hotel concierge, Dimitri, spent hours on the phone to try and sort out the problem with the airline. The rest of the staff were ever so flexible about telling me I could tell them at the last minute if I needed to extend my stay and pledging to offer the same (highly discounted) rate I had paid for my one night stay. Rooms are beautiful and pleasant, room service breakfast was lovely, and once again, the staff are some of the best I have met.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Stay We stayed at the Sofitel for a long weekend trip to the Big Apple and absolutely loved it. Absolutely no complaints. The hotel has a beautiful lobby with lots of comfortable seating, the staff throughout the hotel was courteous and helpful, and our room was gorgeous. Not the biggest room in the world - but as I've heard, much bigger than most rooms in New York. The bed was fantastic, the room was very, very clean, and I LOVED the bathroom. Particularly, the feature of a separate bath and shower is really nice. In general, the hotel was perfectly lovely, and within close walking distance to SO much. Grand Central Station, the NYC Public Library, Times Square, broadway, and many, many excellent restaurants are all easily within walking distance. I would definitely stay here again. Also, there are two great breakfast places - one just on 44th, a few doors away, is a little diner - pretty cheap and hot food, and another is around the corner on 5th avenue - the Cafe Europa. We didn't eat at the hotel at all because we heard the prices were pretty extreme. The Algonquin, a hotel next door, is great fun at night for enjoying cocktails. On Sunday night singers from broadway shows came out and sang and played piano in the lobby. It's a delightful place.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Youngtravellers
<Content>Nowhere better, no questions! Just returned from the Sofitel over Easter Weekend and had the best time in New York. The hotel is positioned between 5th and 6th Ave. on 44th Street so puts it within 10 minutes walk of everything worth looking at. The place is simply splendid, fresh flowers every-other-day and everyone (barr some but i'll explain later) is so helpful. We were recommended to get a high room, we were on the 15th floor and could see nothing but when you realise that New York is only huge due to everything being so high you'll understand!The lack of view didn't spoil a thing, the hotel was just the perfect place to relax after a hard day of walking and shopping. We didn't eat in the hotel cos they tend to be more expensive and we'd had some other recommendations.The only thing that let the Sofitel down was the fact that my girlfriend and i are quite young so the doormen didn't -ever- open the door for us on the way in. The concierge seemed reluctant too, but yet overly helpful to the older guests! Ah well.If you stay here go to breakfast at The Manhattan Cafe across the road, round the back. It's fantastic! And for dinner Michael Jordans The Steak House, at Grand Central Station is great but dress smart, it's a bit glam! Buffalo steak is superb, but the garlic bread for starters is divine! The other place we tried was Del Friscos on roughly 49th and 6th, the McGraw-Hill Building. It's a bit expensive but we were sat next to Colin Farrell so who can complain!!!If you need any info then please email me, i loved it! Enjoy!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly Recommend I thought this hotel was excellent, from the moment we checked in to the moment we left we were treted very well. The staff were friendly, helpful and very professional - the room was large and spotless. And the bed... I had read reviews saying the beds were worth the stay alone and they weren't lying. All this, on top of the fantastic location, makes this a must stay hotel if in New York, I can not recommend it enough.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mont990
<Content>Fantastic hotel and even better city!!!!!!!!! We booked this hotel about 2 months ago after cancelling another booking at an alternative hotel. This decision was due to the first class reviews the Sofitel receives on Tripadvisor and we could not have made a better choice!! Upon arrival at the hotel we had a couple of teething problems in the room but these were dealt with immediately. We were celebrating our wedding anniversary during the stay and on our 2nd night the hotel had a complimentary bottle of champagne delivered to the room - a much appreciated gesture!!In our opinion the hotel itself charges a little too much for the breakfast. However, you can't go wrong with the Red Flame Diner a few doors away - be sure to get there before 9 a.m. to avoid the queues.Too much to say about the city itself other than it feels like you are walking around in a movie set!! If you are planning to go up the Empire State Building you can purchase your tickets in advance on the internet (---) for an extra $2 and beat the queues - well worth the extra $2.If you are planning to see a broadway show we can highly recommend Jersey Boys. This is a city we will definitely be returning too at some point!Overall an excellent break in a great hotel and a fantastic city.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing - Like a Palace!       Empire State from our room  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>L_Palmer
<Content>Fab hotel, fab location, fab city!! We stayed at the Sofitel New York from 7-10 April, and booked it based on the reviews we read on Tripadvisor. It lived up to expectations in every way. Minutes from both 5th  6th Ave on 44th St, the location was fantastic. We were on the 10th floor and our room was so quiet, we did not hear any traffic, sirens or noise the whole three nights. Bed was the most comfortable we have ever slept in. Spacious, clean room, and excellent marble bathroom with large shower cubicle and separate bath. Staff were extremely friendly and made us feel very welcome. Hotel has a nice bar and thought drink prices were reasonable. Only minor criticism would be the lobby which is quite dark, but apart from that, we loved it and would go back.Travel tips:For a cheap breakfast go to the Red Flame diner, turn right out of hotel, 1 min away. Always busy, great bacon and eggs! Dinner - we tried Tavern on the Green. Firm believer people should make their own minds up about restaurants, as everyone likes different things, but we were very disappointed, overpriced  boring food which lacked flavour, no atmosphere....but good location though and pretty park views.Top viewing spot - Top of the Rock observation centre at Rockefeller centre. 67 floors up, stunning views, cost $17 per person. Well worth it.Nice walk - we did a great 3 hour walk from Pier 17, through financial district, then up West Broadway through Tribeca, lunch in Soho cafe and Greenwich, then back up 5th Ave to hotel. Saw so much, brilliant weekend.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The waldorf astoria has nothing on this place If you book this place 12 months in advance you get a fantastic rate (we paid 拢150.00 a night) The staff were very professional, friendly and helpful. The hotel allowed us a late checkout. Accommodation on the small side but the room was great with a picture postcard view of the chrysler building. Staff turned a blind eye on the deli meals we ate in the hotel. Bathroom immaculate and had a large kingsize bed (as standard). I have stayed in the Waldorf and it has nothing on this place. In a fantastic location. When we left (very tearful) we asked to hail a cab but for an extra $15 we were chauffer driven to the airport!!!!!!!!! Outstanding!!!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great midtown hotel!! What a pleasure! Attractive, spacious, comfortable, reasonably priced (for NYC) in a great midtown location. Friendly, helpful staff went out of the way to please. Stayed here based on tripadvisor[--]reviews and we plan to return to the Sofitel on our next trip!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AmerInEuroJen
<Content>Fabulous in every way This hotel definitely deserved it previous reviews. My husband and I stayed 2 nights booked thru Sofitel online (Accor is the parent company). I told them it was for my birthday and we were treated to a free room upgrade (to a deluxe queen) and (since I'm pregnant) fruit and artesian water. We paid their special rate of $287/night plus about $35/night in taxes. For NYC it is the perfect location and it was easy to catch a cab whenever we wanted one. The beds really were soft and they use the Euro-style duvets but I'm sure if you wanted a top sheet you can ask. It was very quiet and the staff was very polite and helpful. The tub and separate shower were lovely and the sitting area by the window comfortable as well. I would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>junglejules
<Content>Fantastic Location, fantastic hotel. Highly recommended! We booked this hotel for our trip to New York based largely on reviews on TripAdvisor. We were not disappointed. The hotel is in a great central location and within easy walking distance of Empite State, Grand Central, Rockerfeller Centre, Time Square, Intrepid Air and Sea Museum and even the helipad for the helicopter tours.Hotel itself was in execellent order. We stayed in a deluxe room and we were very pleased. The view out the window was not the best but then it is not a tall building (by NY standards) so you can't have everything. All in all a great base for a NY holiday. We loved the hotel and NY. We'll be going back!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic hotel! We stayed at the sofitel hotel for five nights from the 23rd to the 28th of march 2006 and it was excellent. After viewing hotels on trip advisor we decided to opt for this one due to the good reviews. The room was spacious and very clean, the view was amazing and staff were very friendly and helpful(Randy the doorman has some very good tips).The Manhattan Cafe (through the back entrance of the hotel and accross the road) is a great place for breakfast with plenty of choice at reasonable prices.We would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Smashy
<Content>Fantastic!       Lounge area  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>arriva
<Content>fantastic hotel in every way Just come back from 5 nights at this wonderful hotel. Beautiful large comfortable rooms in art deco style with heavenly comfortable bed. plus fabulous bathroom. The staff were very helpful and the position excellent. Amazingly quiet for such a prime location. We got a good deal on the room with expedia uk. Highly recommend it and will certainly stay again. Breakfast pricey but plenty of alternatives minutes away.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Austin2NY
<Content>Large rooms (for NY), great location, overall good value!! We recently stayed at the Sofitel New York the last week of March 2006 (27th - 31st). We chose the Sofitel due to the overwhelming positive reviews on this board and it did not dissappoint one bit! When we first arrived, we were greeted at the front desk by an extremely friendly individual. She upgraded our floor level and room size from a Queen premiere to King Deluxe after hearing it was my wife's birthday present. We also received our 2 free complimentary drinks at the bar (sign up for a free Sofitel card on their website to receive them), and we were off to our room. Although we didn't spend alot of time in our rooms each day (we came to NY to sightsee/have fun), it was always nice to be able to walk to our hotel regardless of where we had just been (did I mention how convenient the location is?) and rest up in that ultra-comfortable bed! The afternoon/evening turn down service + complimentary water each day was also appreciated. Our first night there, we also had dinner in the hotel restaraunt (Gabby's). While I'm not one to generally eat in hotels (they are often over priced and average quality), Gabby's quality was really good (I highly recommend the lamb chops!). If (OK when) we travel back to NY, I'd stay at the Sofitel again as long as we can book a room for under 300 a night. (we paid $269 a night)  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Claire_murray
<Content>Excellent - reviews definately deserved       View from hotel room window  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nakedmaestro
<Content>Outstanding, but not ultra luxe Recently stayed at the Sofitel NY for 2 nights on a Friday  Saturday evening in early March. It's my favorite chain and it's too bad Sofitel doesn't have more properties in the U.S. As was the case when I stayed at the Sofitel Chicago,  Philadelphia, the Sofitel NY didn't disappoint. Everything was as good as it could possibly have been from check in to check out. I requested a view room on a high floor and got it. Bed was very comfortable and bathroom very spacious  clean and the toiletries were fantastic. Room service was good and arrived promptly. For those that are not familar with Sofitel, it's a French chain that is very popular in Europe, the middle east, and Africa, but only has like 12 properties in the U.S. I'd compare it to a Westin, Le Meridien, or W. Sofitel is certainly as good as any of those chains and I'd argue that they're actually better due to the room amenities they provide that American chains lack. Those little extras make all the difference. Although it's ranked #1 in New York by this website, it's certainly not the best hotel in NY by ultra luxury standards. For value, convenience, and service, the Sofitel NY is absolutely deserving of its Trip Advisor ranking. That said, wealthy travelers expecting the Sofitel to deliver Four Seasons, Ritz Carlton, Penninsula, or Mandarin Oriental style decadence will inevitably be disappointed. It's a fantasic hotel for vast majority of people, just don't be confused by the #1 ranking and expect it to be the most luxurious place in New York. It isn't, nor does it claim to be, but it is a fantastic hotel nonetheless.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sofitel exceeded my expectations Just returned from a girl's weekend with my sister. Having been to NYC four times previously and having stayed at the Michelangelo twice this past summer, I have to say that the Hotel Sofitel on W 44th was definitely a great value for my dollar. The staff was extremely courteous. Our check in was smooth and we were even offered an upgrade at no additional cost. We had prepaid for our room and were to share a queen bed. The front desk staff offered us an open room with two oversized twin beds (which was a higher cost when I booked our reservations) and suggested that we would enjoy our stay much better as we could both stretch out and sleep in our own beds. She was definitely right! We loved the room. The decor was exactly as described and pictured. The room was pristinely clean and the fresh orchid in the bathroom was a lovely touch. The bathroom is what really made the room enjoyable. There was both a separate glass shower and a porcelain tub. The walls and floor of the bath were all marble. There was ample room for toiletries, a magnifying mirror, adequate electrical plug ins, and good lighting. The only drawback I could see to the bathroom was the lack of a ventilation fan. Evenso, I would definitely highly recommend this hotel. The maid service was equally efficient and thorough. We never saw any carts or heard the service staff at all. Our room was meticulously clean each time we returned. I had no qualms about soaking in the tub after a long day out walking. We paid $319/Thurs and $229/Fri  Sat evening. If being close to Time Square  the theaters is essential to your trip, I would most definitely choose to stay here. The next time I come to New York I would love to stay at the Hotel Sofitel again. The concierge even gave us the name of a car company that took us to the airport in a town car for the same price as a taxi. A top notch hotel!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jimg
<Content>Sofitel was great Having been to New York on several occasions, we know choosing a hotel for a short break is always a challenge; how much to spend, location etc. This time we wanted something bit more conmfortable, but that wouldn't break the bank. Having read the reviews on this site we went for the Sofitel.All I can say is I am glad we did. The room was superb, with a walk in shower, seperate bath, huge wardroab (rare for NY), safe, fridge full of drinks etc, and the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in in a hotel (and i have slept in over 500). The room was immnaculate, spacious and an ideal sanctuary after pounding the streets of NY.The staff were very helpful and friendly, the bar is nice place for a drink and the locaiton just perfect (on West 44th. between 5th and 6th Avenues) . From now on I will always stay in the Sofitel, its quality, execllent service and location are are ideal for the short break weekends, and, it was only 拢200 more than the Milford Plaza (for 3 nights), which is 2 star basic hotel that cannot compare to the Sofitel.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Almost excellent! Very good! Great location, facilities and staff. View from bedroom window could have been better e.g. Times Square, which you can see from Novotel (Accor sister hotel on 52nd  Broadway). Not quite as good as Sofitel Chicago which we stayed at on route to New York for the St Patrick's Day celebrations. Oh yeh, and what a celebration!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mawillow
<Content>Great Hotel for a first trip to the States We have just returned from New York.The Hotel and room was wonderful, staff were very friendly and helpful.We were celebrating our 25th Wedding anniversary and received within moments of entering our hotel room a knock on the door with a member of staff, holding a bottle of champagne and a lovely card, what a surprise!Location perfect for shopping, eating and sight seeing.Once again I would like to thank the staff for making our first trip to New York very special.Will certainly be returning to this hotel in the very near future  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jude8
<Content>Another Excellent Stay at the Sofitel We stayed at the Sofitel for our honeymoon and really enjoyed the stay. The service was excellent and they even brought us a complimentary bottle of Champagne and dessert with a nice note congratulating us. We loved staying at the Sofitel because it is a block and a half from the subway, a few blocks from Times Square and a few blocks from shopping on Madison Avenue. Yet, it is also tucked away from all the craziness that allows you to escape to your room and relax. Turndown service is a nice touch evian water provided and the forecast for the next day. My only tiny complaint is that if you touch anything in the minibar you are going to have to pay for it. We are used to this though so we are just careful when grabbing items. Another nice amenity is the free internet in the lobby area. We used this to make reservations, get directions, etc. We would definitly recommend this hotel for both business and leisure.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sofitel delivers Just back from 5 days in NY. Chose Sofitel based on previous reviews and not disappointed. Location is great, close to the action but street was quiet, at least at night! Room was a good size and Bathroom excellent, small problem on 4th day fixed immediately. Bed extremely comfortable meaning a good nights sleep, essential for all the walking. Staff were friendly and courteous, unlike NY Taxi drivers! Doorman Randy was always able to help. Didn't try the food based on prices and eating out is part of the experience, Red Flame Diner down the road fine for Breakfast before hitting the sights.We paid $240 per night through Airline Network and thought it was good value for NY, certainly a safe bet if nervous about where you are going to stay and think you just can't beat the location.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JaniceS
<Content>Fantastic Hotel I stayed at the Sofitel for 4 nights (15-19/3) with my boyfriend. I had emailed the hotel prior to my arrival to confirm my booking and request a room with a good view. I also mentioned that it as a special trip for us both. On arrival we were given a free upgrade to a deluxe Queen room on the top floor (29th) with an amazing view of the Chrysler Building. There was a complimentary bottle of Champagne on ice with 2 small boxes of chocolates and bottled water. This was a lovely touch. The bed was amazing. Very comfortable. It felt like I was sandwiched between two duvet covers. The room was a nice size with a bath and seperate shower. The only small annoyance was a noise that came from the lift every time it went up and down. Our room was right next to the lift shaft so I guess thats why I could hear it. This only bothered me the first night though and I must say that it wouldn't be reason enough for me not to return to this great hotel. Its in a great location, with plenty going on in the surrounding area. We also requested a late check out and where told we had our room until 4pm on the day of departure. This was free of charge. The concierge arranged a car to take us to the airport. Very helpful staff and an all round fantastic hotel. I'd defnitely return.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>exeter
<Content>A lovely place to stay My daughter, age 15, and I had a WONDERFUL time in New York over March break. Even the weather was warm and sunny. We stayed at the Sofitel, a beautiful, clean and quiet hotel just two minutes from the bustle of Times Square and close to the best shopping in the world. The hotel staff are very friendly and service is European, meaning polished. Many of the staff speak French. The room was as requested with two double beds, the linens superior, and the bathrooms incredible. The toiletries were wonderful, and after long days shopping and sightseeing I appreciated the luxuries. The big hotels at Times square always had lineups at the front desk and for elevators: never at the Sofitel . And the doormen got to know us and were very helpful.  My daughter loved having a personal shopper at Bloomingdale's and got some great things...  We reserved through NYCVP, which saved us over the hotel rates offered by the usual discount providers. The packet of vouchers was waiting for us at the hotel and they gave us a room on a higher floor as requested. It couldn't have been better. NYCVP also arranged for theatre tickets to sold out shows, and got excellent seats , both on shows that were otherwise unavailable.The Red Flame diner next door was a cheaper alternative to breakfastat the hotel. We also went to the Rockefeller centre for their breakfast by the skating rink...memorable. We did the Top of the Rock by day... better views of the park... and the empire State building at night... great city lights views. And all the usual bus and boat and museum tours.  New york is much friendlier than pre 9-11 and is worth revisiting if you have not been back since then.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jah123
<Content>OK but not terrific I often stay at Sofitel in DC and Chicago and found this hotel not quite up to Sofitel standards. The bed was very comfortable as always. However, the room had only a single window which badly needed a wash. I felt that I was in a tenament on the lower east side. The restaurant was decidedly mediocre. However, on the same block on 44th there are two extremely good restaurants. While the French are not big on exercise in hotels, the exercise room was not very good with few machines to exercise with. The staff was helpful but more attention to details would improve this hotel  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LtDan
<Content>Very impressed My wife and I stayed at the Sofitel for two nights and were very happy there. The staff was very professional and courteous, accomodating each request we had: a high floor, a late checkout, a specific newspaper each morning, a yellow pages...all handled quickly and with a smile.Our room was larger than the typical New York hotel, even though it was among the least expensive of the 3.5/4 star hotels we looked at. The bathroom was great: very new, very clean. The bed was a queen, but felt bigger somehow.The location was very convenient. We could easily walk to restaurants, theatres, subway stations, and attractions in minutes. You could get to either 5th or 6th in less than a minute.There's a diner-type place called the Red Flame just down 44th toward 6th that does a decent breakfast; for dinner one night we ate at Triomphe (right next door in the Iroquois Hotel) and it was fantastic.All in all, a great hotel in a great spot. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jackosan
<Content>Terrific Mid-Town Hotel I write only to echo the praises of other reviewers. I could not have been more pleased with this hotel. From experience, I can state that this is one of the finer 4-star hotels in Manhattan. Prompt, attentive service, clean, smartly appointed rooms, bathrobes, slippers and other amenities galore, high-end beds and bedding, large bathrooms with separate bathtub and shower. The exercise room had a nice mix of cardio equipment and enough weights for adequate resistance training.Had drinks in the restaurant/bar, but no meal. Seems like a very nice place, but pricey. If you are looking for some excellent food at comparatively bargain prices, Little Brazil is just a block away. Super location between 5th Ave. and Avenue of the Americas (6th Ave.) and 44th and 45th streets puts you right by the theatre district and Times Square. Plenty to see, do and eat. A short walk or cab ride from anywhere in mid-town.Minor gripe: Charging for internet access is so 20th Century. Still, I will gladly stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant location, very lovely hotel! After reading mixed reviews i worried about stopping here. After an horrendous trip from the airport which took 2 hours! we were so relieved when we were greeted by the very friendly door staff, a great relief! we were Given a room on 5th floor to start with but asked for higher room and after saying they didnt have one, found us one on 22nd floor. Hotel is very clean and comfortable. And very very quiet away from the hustle, slept excellent every night! but oh so close to all the attractions!! had fantastic time here and the bed really is to die for!! would recommend to all!!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Aly22
<Content>Fantastic My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in February for his 30th birthday. The staff were very friendly and we were made to feel extremely welcome. We stayed on the 27th floor and had a magnificent view. The location is fantastic only two blocks from Time Square and 5th Avenue and the doorman was always ready to grab us a cab when we needed to go further. We treated ourselves on our first night to room service and although the food isn't cheap it was delicious, but if you like steak though you have to try Ben Benson's Steak House. My boyfriend is a chef and therefore not easy to please, but he couldn't rave about his food more. We were even given a tour of the kitchen!! But be prepared, it's pricey but worth every penny.We both thoroughly enjoyed our time in New York, and would happily recommend this hotel to anyone planning a trip.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location The Sofitel is nestled perfectly between 5th and 6th avenue. Times Square is within walking distance as are many of the museums and other attractions of the city. The Hotel itself is great, the rooms are spacious, immaculately presented and very comfortable. The shower was fantastic! The staff are very friendly and always happy to help. I would whole-heartedly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Stevebeckhead
<Content>Good value. Stayed 6 nights early March. Paid $359 per night for room on 22nd floor with a city view!, so not cheap and a city view is relative - remember New York city views are limited. Thought the room and facilities were excellent, comfortable large bed, decent sized room, good well stocked bathroom and to me most important peace and quiet. Both my wife and I had 6 nights of excellent sleep only waking when my body clock thought it was time to get up - usually 4 in the morning.Maid service was spot on with bathrobes changed without asking and a plentiful supply of toiletries. Turn down service was always done when we out so no problems.Didn't use the restaurant facilities as I thought they were very expensive and with 13,000 restauarants to choose from I like to venture out. Reception and door staff spot on and as a Sofitel Privilege card holder was able to use our room through to 4 pm which fitted perfectly with our 6pm flight back to UK. Any body can have one of these!Would almost certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>amp94596
<Content>Great Hotel and location I travel to NYC about 7-8 times a year. This is my first visit to the Sofitel. I got an average rate of $240 a night over four nights for a King bed on a lower floor. The overall experience was very good, very comfortable and hospitable. The bed was excellent. I will come back to the Sofitel again soon. NY City hotels have really gone up in price over the last year and I can't find anything in the $250-325 range as good as the Sofitel anywhere in the city.The room was large by NY standards. I can't remember the last time I had a shower and seperate bath in a NYC hotel. The location is great. Although this hotel isn't a scene, it is relaxing and hospitable. What would I change? The menu is expensive. (Food is good) The workout room needs towels and tuned up machines. The carpeting in my room was starting to show it's age and the room had a strong lingering air freshener smell.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cl8855
<Content>Good choice, not quite 5* but close I wanted to give them 5*, as we had a great time and were very happy here, but not quite perfect.Rooms: Even the small rooms have plenty of space other than between closet/bathroom (depends on your room as well, they are different configs I believe). Bathrooms are very large and nice. Overall quite cozy, and very clean. Once forgot to add more towels but responded to call immediately. Bathtub drain didn't hold water -- didn't call to see if they would fix asap.Service: Good response from the desk, the doormen (usually), and the concierge. Good overall, not spectacular based on other experiences we have had.Location: Excellent, on hotel row pretty quiet street, walk around corner to Best Buy/Duane Reade/Starbucks. Diner on same street. Easy walk to Times Square and all theatres. Can even walk to Central Park from here without too much trouble.They provided a DVD player at no charge when I emailed and asked about availability of one (and I didn't even ask to provide, I just inquired) -- this was excellent service.Overall I give them about 4 1/2 out of 5.We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jezza
<Content>Slightly Disappointed with Hotel, New York is awesome!       view of manhattan from central line ferry  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Juliann1024
<Content>Very Comfortable We stayed for one night and it was a very nice hotel. The beds where amazingly comfortable and I loved that I wasnt afraid of the linens. They smelled clean and where very crisp. Bathrooms where very spacious and well light, and it is rare to have a stall shower and seperate tub and I loved that too. It was a very warmly decorated room and I know why it gets reviewed so well. Got a great bargain and wouldnt hesitate to stay their again  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely We stayed here for four nights in February 2006. We took advantage of a 30% discount deal from Expedia and stayed in a Deluxe King Suite on the 26th floor. We looked out on to the Rockefeller Centre and at an angle could see down to Times Sq and the Hudson beyond. A problem with staying in this part of New York (mid-town) is that all the buildings are tall so good views are few and far between in any hotel. The hotel is in an excellent location and staff we came across very helpful and friendly.Lovely clean, quiet and spacious room with seperate sitting room. Very comfortable bed. Also had a wonderful bathroom with candles and mineral water. The mini-bar (working on sensors/weights so don't touch anything!) prices were ludicrous however but free ice down the hall kept shop bought drinks cool!Don't go for convenient therefore expensive hotel breakfasts (looked as though a standard breakfast for two in the Sofitel is in the region of $70) but find a nearby diner/restaurant. The best breakfast we have ever had in NY is at the 'Pershing Sq cafe' - on 42nd St opposite Grand Central Station (under the bridge).  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bridetobeOrlando
<Content>Fabulous stay! We just spent the weekend in NYC and what a fabulous hotel stay! The lobby was gorgeous and the staff were friendly but discreet. The room was clean, well maintained and very quiet. We were on the 7th floor and couldn't hear a thing from the busy street below. The bed was so comfortable that we just wanted to lounge around all day! Plus the bathroom was incredible with marble galore and a tub and separate shower. The hotel location is perfect...just a couple of blocks from Grand Central and Times Square Subway stops.We would definitely recommend this hotel to all our friends and plan to stay here our next trip.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel! I chose this hotel (3 visits in one year) for each of my trips to New York City because of the reviews on trip advisor. The sofitel did not spend so much money on a large grand lobby, but they made up for it in your room.I have to say it is one of the cleanest hotels I have ever stayed at and that is one of my most important criteria. My favorite feature of their rooms is the bathroom. The bathroom is very clean and luxurious. I stayed in a twin bed room for one visit and it was not quite a twin bed, but slightly larger, maybe a double bed. The room was spacious and clean.Next two times, I stayed in a king bed room and that was even better! The bedding was so awesome that I copied down the information on the label so I could purchase it for my home. The duvet was all white, no spots and very soft, high thread count Egyptian Cotton. The pillows were very comfortable (I have neck issues and need to be selective). Room service was so good,The food is excellent, but it cost a fortune. There are several charges in addition to the actual cost of the food. I love the cheese tray and french bread as an evening snack and it is worth the money to me. The staff was so friendly and helpful. I liked that part of the nighttime turn down, they left bottled water, Evian of course. Great touch, classy hotel. As for location, I love it. Right off of 5th avenue, it was walking distance to great shopping and a two block walk to Times Square and most theatres.During my last visit, I left my bags with the concierge so I could do some last minute shopping and there was no charge. My friends did not stay at the same hotel, but paid $5 a bag for each bag they stored at their hotel.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BogartG
<Content>Have to say disappointing Having chosen this hotel by the tripadvisor rating I have to say I was somewhat disappointed. (might I add that this is my first disappointment with tripadvisor which I consult every time I travel).Booked this trip as a surprise for my husbands birthday. I contacted Guest Services to request an upgrade to a suite and champagne to be in the suite when we arrived. This was confirmed on request. On arrival we were told there were no suites available and allocated a small room on the 11th floor. When I opened the curtains to see the fantastic view I was greeted with a man in an office block across the street. My husband sensing my disappointment requested a move to a higher floor and a larger room. Although we were moved to a slightly larger room on the 27th floor it was definitely not what I had expected. (the champagne eventually arrived after the relocation) The view was better but the room was quite tired with black marks on the carpet and curtains that required a good washing. I was awake most nights with the noise of the lift beside us. I, at this point did not wish to complain and be moved again as I didn't want to spoil my husbands trip.The front desk were ok with a hint of super almost icy efficiency. The concierge was more than helpful and friendly and the door man was just great. (couldn't help enough!) My gut instinct tells me there are definitely better hotels in New York that wouldn't be nearly as overpriced. Wouldn't stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the hotel This was a family trip for our daughter's senior year of high school and had always wanted to visit New York. Couldn't have asked for a better hotel than the Sofitel. Room, comfort, service, and anything we may asked for was great. The doormen are always pleasant and greet you going and coming (great source for info). Would recommend this for anybody and hope to stay again.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Blizzard'06 in Sofitel               More photos  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bestbunnygirl
<Content>Perfect for exploring NYC!             Living area  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pearlsandivy
<Content>Blizzard'06 Under most circumstances I may have rated this hotel much higher. However based on the reviews here on this website which have proven time after time for me to be right on. I was highly disappointed in my stay at Sofitel. Concierge was extremely unhelpful and cold, front desk was more apt to provide an eloquent response as to why not.... versus how they may....We were there during the storm and were really needing extra attention as we put our alternative plans into action, no help hereThe location for me was good not outstanding.The bathrooms were nice, but the rooms were somewhat congested where both the bathroom and entrance door meet. I've had much nicer stays in New York and would not choose to stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>kristie
<Content>Lives up to high tripadvisor rating This hotel lives up to its high tripadvisor rating. The rooms are contemporary yet so comfortable. I loved the bed - I am pregnant with twins and it's hard to get comfy at night, but I slept like a baby on this bed! We enjoyed the restaurant, and the service from everyone was impeccable. Everyone treated us very nicely. The hotel is well located - within blocks of Times Square and the theaters.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jpuso2001
<Content>Just Great!!! Everything about it was just right. Perfect combo of value and luxury.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JanetRob
<Content>Perfect weekend retreat! We stayed in the Sofitel in January. First visit to New York so wanted to stay somewhere really special so booked a Kingsize suite. Our room was on the 20th floor (the lift actually made my ears pop every time I used it). The view from the room was magnificent facing Chrysler Tower. This was by far the most comfortable room I have ever stayed in. The bed was out of this world and the bathroom luxurious. We had two tv's, one by the bed and another in the lounge area separated by sliding doors. A few nice touches, candles and matches in the bathroom and bottled water by bed every night. Great location, only a few minutes walk to Times Square and all major attractions. Didn't eat in the hotel, but turn right on leaving and 100 yrds down great place for breakfast. Would definately stay here again and recommend to friends, can't wait for a return trip!  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jefruss
<Content>SWEET! Perfect location on West 44th between 5th Avenue and Avenue of the Americas (6th). Exemplary service, especially housekeeping. Doorman arranged Town Car transportation to La Guardia at a rate comparable to a taxi fare. Lots of smiles from the staff. Free use of computer terminals located in an alcove off of the lobby. Our room on the 26th floor had a wonderful view. Bathroom was spacious with perfect lighting. The closet did not have quite enough space for hanging clothes, otherwise it was well arranged. Forget Gaby's, the hotel restaurant. Sub par eats. We did, however, have a sensational meal at db Bistro Moderne which is only a few doors away. Gaby's is the only reason not to give Sofitel an excellent rating. Also, the addition of in-room coffee and flat screen tv would place this property in rarified air. Bottom line - we will book this hotel again!  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a fantastic hotel! Having worried for weeks about whether I had booked the right hotel for my Mum's 60th birthday trip to New York - I needn't have worried! Sofitel was great, and our room (a junior suite) made our stay extra special.I booked the hotel based on the reviews on Tripadvisor, and am delighted to be adding my praise for the hotel as well. The staff were extremely friendly and courteous and acknowledged my Mum's birthday with a bottle of champagne delivered to our room!It was worth upgrading to a suite, which I got for a good deal via Expedia.com. The room was cleaned every day to a spotless standard, and the complimentary water each night was a nice touch. The beds are amazing!! It was fantastic to sleep better than I do at home - soooo comfy and cosy!Yes, it's a bit pricy in terms of drinks and room service etc. but it is all worth it and if cautious you can easily avoid racking up a hefty bill.Overall a great hotel in a great location - perfect for the two of us, with easy access to everything you need to see on your first trip to NY. Will definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Still call Australia Home
<Content>Best combination of quality and value in Manhattan I booked the Sofitel on the strength of the Tripadvisor reviews. I have worked in and visited Manhattan as a tourist for 20 years and this is the best stay I have in terms of value for the standard of accomodation, service and quality of the experience.I stayed for 3 days and two nights, used the restaurant and the fitness centre and again both were well above the average. The broadband Internet service was fast and inexpensive. My first choice in New York from now on.Im so pleased with the Tripadvisor recommendation that I have signed up.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel - couldn't fault it       Room 1817  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best anniversary experience ever! My husband and I just celebrated our 28th wedding anniversary in NYC and the Sofitel was definitely one of the highlights. Our room was SPLENDID! Spacious, elegant, and comfortable, with a magnificent bathroom. We felt like we were on our honeymoon all over again. And the staff has great attention to detail. We had mentioned that it was our anniversary and were surprised by a lovely bottle of champagne delivered to our door. We would not only highly recommend this hotel to our friends. (we already have!) but look forward to returning there for our 29th anniversary as well!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Concord Pit
<Content>Wonderful Location This is the second time we have stayed at the Sofitel. On a quiet street, 4 minutes away from Times Square, the views from the windows on the upper floors are FANTASTIC. Very well appointed rooms, excellent bathrooms, and very discrete staff. Although this is a small hotel, you dont feel as though you are cramped, the attention to style and comfort is very evident in the richly opulent ground floor. We didn't eat at the hotel, because the restaurant experience in New York is so varied.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>EarlPitts
<Content>Definitely a cut above My wife and I stayed here five nights from Jan 27 - Feb 1, 2006. We picked this hotel based on the reviews here. The good: It was definitely a very classy business hotel. All the staff was extremely friendly and the rooms were impeccably clean which greatly pleased my wife. The rooms had a crown dental molding and nice finishing touches that set it apart from other upscale hotels. Room service and housekeeping were very efficient. You can get a very nice (and inexpensive) breakfast across the street so you can avoid the $25 USD per person breakfasts at the hotel. Overall a very classy place on par with a Ritz Carlton and well located.The bad: I'm very sensitive to smoke and I noticed a slight smell of smoke in our non-smoking room. I complained and they came in and sprayed the next day. It got rid of the smell until late at night when the smell came back through the A/C system. I complained again and they brought in an ionizer which did alleviate the smell. I just didn't want to have to deal with a smokey smell in my room.Even for a NYC hotel room, our upgraded deluxe room was extremely small and there was practically no closet or drawer space... so don't bring much to wear. Although the bathroom was a nice size.I would recommend this hotel as I've payed much more and gotten much less in NYC.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sungal
<Content>Fantastic! For our weekend getaway to New York, we were looking for a nice hotel in the theatre district. We are, I guess you can say, hotel snobs- we enjoy a beautiful property  room and excellent service. Well...the Sofitel exceeded our expectations! Fantastic service, beautiful room, unbelievable bed, and great location. We would not think twice about booking another Sofitel property our next getaway! Very impressive!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful stay What a wonderful experience New York was. I went for 4 nights for my 40th birthday, it was a surprise booked by my husband. The Sofitel lived up to its reputation, lovely room, well stocked bathroom, with a great view of the Empire State Building and the Crysler Building from our room on the 23rd floor. Great service from all the staff. The location couldn't be better, centrally located with many of the sights and attractions within 5 minutes walking. Despite this We didn't hear one noise during the night. The breakfast in Gaby's was excellent, (Gaby's Granola, my favourite). We did try the red flame, just down the road, and although this was good, the hotel breakfast was simply much better for not a great deal more money, probably around 拢4 per head more with unlimited juice, coffee, toast etc.We organsied a tour prior to leaving for New York with New York Party Shuffle, which I would highly recommend.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Flawless Hotel! Can't beat the Location! A friend and I booked the room at the Sofitel NYC on Priceline(-). We had never heard of the chain but were delighted to find it the number one choice on tripadvisor.com. We were not disappointed! The location is excellent, approximately three blocks from Times Square, four blocks from Rockefeller Center and a 15-minute walk to Central Park. The room had two double beds (very comfy), was quiet and clean. The staff was very helpful and made wonderful restaurant suggestions. They also got us tickets to a Broadway show and were happy to accommodate us with all of our requests. I would definitely stay here again and highly recommend it!! Loved it!!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>torontotravellers5
<Content>An Excellent 4 Star Option I chose a King Suite at the Sofitel for my special proposal weekend after hearing the strong reviews- I most certainly believe that the hotel met those standards.The locations is ideal- just close enough to Times Square without being in the middle of it.The rooms are a good size and have a very nice contemporary/European feel to them. The bathrooms are particularly beautiful. The King Suites really do add a nice touch to the experience, if you are willing to pay the extra. (personally, I'd rather have a King Suite at the Sofitel than pay even more for a small room at one of the 4.5/5 Star spots)My only caveat is that you should be aware of the fact that the Sofitel does not have that grande feeling upon entering the lobby. It is very classy, but lacks that awe that 5 Star hotels usually bring to the table. If that is not a key factor for you, its hard to go wrong with the Sofitel.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Voyageur Joyeux
<Content>The only hotel we stay at in New York City I stay at the Sofitel New York on average three times per year and would never consider staying anywhere else. While the service is rather French (you won't get the warm fuzzies you might get at a more family oriented American style hotel), the staff is consistently efficient, forthright, and attentive to my requests. The location is superb (within walking distance of Times Square) and the rooms are an oasis of quiet after a long day. Highly recommended for anyone who wants a simple and modern place to stay in the city that never sleeps!  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Towers above the rest We love this hotel! The room was beautiful, as was the bathroom. The bed was simply divine, we didn't want to leave! The room was on a high floor and thus we had a great view (and the room was quiet).The restaurant and bar were both very good, and not too pretentious. The room-service delivered breakfast was great. There is free internet provided. It is slightly let down by its lack of a pool or other leisure amenities.The staff were generally courteous and helpful. The barman mixed a mean cocktail. This is the best hotel we have ever stayed in. We can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ccoqui
<Content>They did it again! I stayed at the Sofitel Hotel, New York from 01/20/2006 to 01/22/2006. It is my second time staying at this locality. Excellent! Before my departure I was thinking of their bed, soft but at the same time firm, their comfortable bathroom with the signature orchid, and all the amenities you can think of. The Service was excellent. The Front Desk , the Concierge, everybody had a big smile on them and a Bon Jour! I recommend this hotel to anyone going to New York. Conveniently located and right in the middle of the action. Located a few blocks from Grand Central Station. On the expensive side (they always have a good offer through the internet) but worth paying.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel The hotel offered everything you would expect after reading the reviews. Its location is great for sight seeing and shopping!The rooms are large and beds are like marshmallows!The bathroom was large and clean.If you need recommendations as to where to eat ask the doormen - they were so helpful and recommended some great local places.Overall you couldn't fault the Sofitel.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>anne2264
<Content>sofitel just wonderful My daughter and myself stayed at the Sofitel hotel New York for 4 days from 18th Jan to 22nd 2006.The hotel staff were very helpful,the room was wonderful with a marble bathroom and a Queen size bed,we were allowed a late check out and they confirmed our pick up time for us.Just down the street was the Red Flame diner which we used for breakfast,once again the service here was fast and food was excellent.This hotel although not one of the cheapest was ideally situated for all sightseeing trips.I would not stay anywhere else in New York but here. A.Jones Wales  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sofitel: Belle of New York My husband and I just spent a wonderful weekend in New York. The trip was totally enhanced by our experience at the Sofitel. The hotel was immaculate, the staff were friendly and helpful (Erica on the front desk was warm and welcoming. We were greeted coming and going. They accommodated an early check-in and late departure without fuss. The rooms were spotless and the bed was everything other reviewers claimed...soft, comfy with beautiful white linens. Fabulous location close to everything. Minutes from Times Square, Fifth Avenue etc. Quiet street with little traffic noise to disturb (we were on the 12th floor). The room size was very good and the bathroom was outstanding. If I have to provide any negative it was the concierge who had the sterotypical level of aloofness (gave us incorrect directions for using the subway...the station he directed us to was closed for construction)but it ended up being part of the adventure of using the NY subway system. You won't regret a stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Woodward1
<Content>Good position but.... We had booked a suite with city view on a high floor but when we arrived it was not ready as the previous guest had arranged a late check-out and we did not get our room until 7.45pm. This was not a good start to our 5 night celebration trip to NYC. If a hotel offers late check-outs then they are duty-bound to ensure that this is not abused by guests staying until early evening thereby obviously inconveniencing arriving guests. 3pm - 4pm would be bearable but after 7pm is not acceptable, especially when the hotel is full. Luckily we persuaded them to allow us the use of a standard room to change and store our bags etc. but I would be reluctant to stay in a Sofitel again unless they change this practice. I know that I am not the first guest to highlight this. The suite was good with a very comfortable bed and great city views. Service good, food OK but front desk staff not always as helpful as they could be.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>phorid
<Content>Wonderful We stayed at the Sofitel in the fall when multiple events were making rooms impossible to find. We ended up paying a lot for the room (even by NY standards) and even using Priceline (around $400). That said, I still highly recommend this hotel!This is a hotel that just feels different than other hotels. When you stay here, you know that you are not in an ordinary hotel. For one, the lobby is beautiful, but in a subtle, non-ornate way. For another, the service was wonderful. Help was always there but in a discreet manner. In addition, we loved the free use of a computer hidden away in one part of the lobby, complete with internet access and printer. Like many, we needed to print our boarding passes for our flight, and it was a breeze here.The room itself was just wonderful. Not huge, but it is in NY. The bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in, and the linens were fabulous. The room was extremely quiet, and we heard NO noise whatsoever. Very unusual in NY. The bathroom was in a league by itself. It was huge and had lots of marble, mirrors, and special toiletries. It also had a glass-enclosed shower, and a separate huge tub! The towels were big and thick.Lastly, the location is near Times Square, a positive for some and a negative for others. The positive is that it is close to the theaters and many restaurants. The negative is that it tends to be more touristy than other parts of the city and so there are less non-tourist places to eat and shop.For a different feel than your usual big city chains, I highly recommend the Sofitel.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sweetmarie
<Content>Great place for exploring central New York       The Hotel  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Too much fresh air! The Hotel was all you would expect from a 4 star. Service was good, staff friendly, rooms comfortable. The room was a suite costing about $450 per night. My only major gripe was the Air Conditioning/Fresh air system - with the air conditioning turned off, air was still forced through the system making it impossible to sleep.Had to call the maintenance man out 5 times! Once at 2 am Sunday morning and 7.30 am Sunday morning. During the week I was told that the air coming on in the morning was fine as most other guests had woken up - call me old fashioned but I like a lie-in on my holiday break!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lucyblueeyes
<Content>What more could you ask for? This hotel is the best we have stayed in. The staff are very pleasent and even although we arrived early we were checked in immediately. We were given a room on 28th floor and the views were excellent. The rooms are spacious and comfortable, the beds to die for! The bathroom was elegant with special extras, robes, toiletries, walk in shower, bath and even a candle making the experience all the more enjoyable. The room service is prompt and even although it is more expensive than eating out breakfast in your room takes the hassle out of everything and adds an extra special touch to the holiday! The central location provides an excellent base for visiting all the main sights. The doormen give excellent recommendations regarding transport, where to eat/visit etc... Will definately return to this hotel in the future!!!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Experience My girlfriend and I just came back from a weekend in NYC. I had selected the Sofitel based on reviews from this site and the ability to get a slightly discounted room. The location was also great because we were spending time uptown and downtown. It was nice to have a centrally located home base.The whole experience was great from start to finish. We were greeted promptly by the doorman who took our bags immediately. We were escorted by another gentleman to the reception desk. We were checked in less than 5 minutes and our bags were brought to our room right away. Every staff member we encountered was very friendly and eager to help.The room was great. Everything looked new and it was decorated very nicely. We loved the bathroom with the separate glass shower and tub. Basically it had everything you could need. Linens and toiletries were replaced nightly.I've read about the beds and I have to say that it's all true. The beds were so damn comfortable it made it tough to get up in the morning. Man, I'm glad my bed at home isn't that good cause all I'd ever do is sleep.The only time I called room service was for an ice bucket for champagne and it literally arrived about 1 minute after I hung up the phone.I highly recommend staying there if you're up in NYC.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tryemdad
<Content>Overall positive experience Stayed one night, Saturday, two rooms. My wife and 4 kids ranging from 1-14 in age. Quick, efficient check-in process. Decent (average to slightly above)size rooms. Bathroom is much larger than what you'd usually find at this price-point. Quiet. Comfy beds as advertised. $331 per room (each w/ two double beds)with all fees, taxes, etc.We did not eat in the hotel. The Red Flame Diner is o.k. - but it is JUST a diner, so beware of all the overwhelmingly positive reviews, especially if you're from NY or an area where they're are lot's of diners.Good location - close enough to Times Square - yet far enough away, if you know what I mean.We usually stay at the Excelsior on the UWS. I'd rate this experience as equal to it in overall quality. Sofitel has a much more modern and slightly more impersonal feel than the Excelsior, but it's newer and in better shape. We'd go back again, eventually. But first, I'd probably try the Iriquois and/or Algonquin, both on the same block. They appear to have a bit more character.Only negative aspect of our stay was getting our car back from valet on Sunday morning. It took 30 minutes as we were quoted at the time. There were lots of complaints from the crowd waiting ahead of us. Not sure if this was a one-time or chronic issue.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>liquidice
<Content>Fab hotel! We stayed at the Sofitel for 3 nights at the first beginning of January. After our stay I easily see why this hotel is rank number 1 on [------------]As our taxi pulled up, almost immediately the doorman came opened the door and took our bags.The lobby is impressive, dark and sheek- instantly we knew we made the right choice! A friendly receptionist had us checked in and within minutes we were escorted to the lift and wished a good stay.The room was great, bathroom modern, and like many others have said,the bed was extremely comfortable!We didn't eat at the hotel so cannot comment.A wonderful time all for $177 a night. (Yes we searched around for the best price)  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Stay ! We stayed 2 nights at the Sofitel, New YorkThe bedroom was excellent ! In terms of food it is great french cuisine ! (yes u can find it NY) for breakfast excellent fresh bakery such as croissants, baguette, pain au chocolat. Dinner at Gabys was absolutely what u expect for an upscale french Hotel.In addition to that we finally found an Hotel that had 3 complimentary Internet stations down at the main hall just perfect.The location is central, maybe a bit off from TIMES SQUARE but still OK.We absolutely recommend this hotel for your next stay !check it out  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, great location This hotel is perfect for a stay in New York. The location is ideal - walking distance to all the key attractions, plenty of good eateries around it, and a very relaxed atmosphere with the staff visible but not obtrusive. We stayed at the Plaza on Central Park last time we visited and the Sofitel was better in every way. The rooms are a good size, the beds very comfortable and the bathrooms lovely - although the water pressure is pathetic and it takes forever to run a bath! Bottled water was left in the room at night and there was fruit available in the lobby.Overall it was perfect for us and we will definately be back.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>VeeBee
<Content>Nice Place to Stay while in NY We are a young couple(30yrs old), and decided to treat ourselves to a nice getaway. The Sofitel comes highly recommended, but the price suggest absolute luxury. It is in a great location, a block away from 5th ave, and surrounded by other great attractions, 10 blocks from broadway and 10 from Penn Station, about a 10 minute walk in either direction. The location was fabulous. Check in: we were greeted at the door by a doorman and concierge in French, and were allowed to check in early for no extra fee. We stayed on the 22nd floor. The view was of another building which was rather disappointing. They also let us check out late for no extra fee. Be sure to sign up for a free loyalty card, that comes with extra upgrades and little perks.Our room: was nice, with contemporary decor, but very small. Not a lot of room to move around. It was clean, linen fresh daily. A thin robe and slippers were provided. TV was a 27 inch. Again, nothing you wouldnt expect at a 3 star hotel. Turn down service every nite with Evian water and weather outlook for the next day.the BED: okay, so I was really curious to see if this bed lived up to its reputation (the pessimist in me) but it does. It was absolutely heavenly. Down sheets and comforter, and pillows. I slept in one position, never moved. The room was nice and dark at night, and truthfully, as a mother of two, this was the best sleep I have had in a very long time. We slept until 10 every morning. Food: We chose to eat outside the restaurant. The Red Flame is a little diner 2 doors down and was great. Good food, fast service, and the usual New York treatment from the staff. The wait was never more than 10 minutes. I did not like the fact that after 11pm, no one was in the lobby. Anyone could have walked in the hotel, so that was kinda odd. There is only 3 computers in the lobby that are always occupied. But overall, it was nice, I will stay again, but for a better deal. For 350.00 a nite, I expect to be treated like I paid 350.00 a nite. :) Hope you enjoy it, its nice, but its gonna cost you. Again, the bed. It might just be worth it for that darn bed!!!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>TxtoFrance
<Content>Great location Stayed at the Sofitel January 1-4th. Room was very nice, bathroom was nice with the separate shower/tub, complete with surround sound in the bathroom! I was disappointed that I wasn't comfortable in the bed everyone talks about. But my husband wants us to get a comforter like the one on the bed. We never ate in the hotel. Diner down the street or cafes did the trick for breakfasts and lunches. Within walking distance to Times Square, 5th Avenue, Grand Central Station, ESB. We will recommend this hotel to others looking for convenient hotel in NYC. When you have to walk to most destinations, location is everything.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good but Nothing Special Stayed here for 4 nights in Mid-November 2005. We were slightly early for check-in and as we had two rooms reserved one was ready and made available to us straight away. This was fine and I must say that the gentleman dealing with us on reception was first class, outlining the hotel location, facilities and so on. He made us feel really welcome.Like many we booked this hotel because of the recommendations on Tripadvisor. The Hotel itself was comfortable, rooms and common areas were nicely decorated and it was very clean. Only observation was that it didn't feel particularly special, as a destination there was no 'wow' factor. On that basis when settling up the bill on leaving it did feel somewhat overpriced. For sight-seeing the location is excellent. Generally it was fine, but for the price it just didn't feel like a special destination.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Hotel - bed was exceptionally comfortable! We stayed here New Years's Eve (12/31/05- 01/-1/06). By far this is the best hotel I have stayed at in New York City! The service was great! Very Friendly staff from the doorman to the recption Desk to the security staff! We were even able to check in early! (around 12:30 pm!)Granted it was just a one night stay - but the room was fabulous! Very clean! Nice size. We were on the 9th floor and had an end unit. Unit had a minibar, high speed internet conection, and ironing board and iron. The bathroom was very nice - with a separate shower and bath. The split doors to the bathroom saved on space I am sure, but it also made the whole room more inviting. The bed was the most comfortable bed ever! I really enjoyed the European style with the comforter. They also had a very soft but warm blanket if you wanted it. I had no problem with the positioning of the TV as apparently another reviewer had. This is more of a business hotel than a party hotel. Which was just fine with us - nice to get some quite after a hective day in the City. Relatively good price (about $600)especially considering it was New year's Eve in NY City!. The location was great - only a few blocks from Time Square, the Theatres, Rockefeller Center and Grand Central Terminal! I will definitley stay here again!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sofitel, Good Hotel, good Location We stayed in the Sofitel for our first wedding anniversary and found the hotel wonderful, both in location and charm. Other people in the reviews have complained about the rooms not being 'enormous', however I am not sure what they are expecting for a hotel in that location. The room we stayed in was a decent size (comparable to 4* in England), but very plush. The staff were very friendly and accomodating and there were lots little added touches which made the experience more memorable e.g. free chocolates, water, umbrellas, internet access, etc.We didn't eat in the hotel, the diner down the road (as per a previous review) is good for breakfast.We will defintely return to this hotel next especially as a lot of attractions are within 5 - 10 min walking distance (5th Avenue, Time Square, Grand Central, Rockafellar Center)  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JoanneW
<Content>Loved The Sofitel New York Have recently returned from a five night break at The Sofitel. It was a treat for my husbands impending 40th birthday...and what a treat it was. We had a large room on floor 28 with a fabulous view of the Chrysler Building. The staff were very attentive without beig OTT and although part of a large chain we found the public areas to be more in keeping with those of an independent hotel. The restaurant served wonderful food (we tried breakfast and dinner, both of which were excellent) The concierge was very helpful with directions and local attractions and also booked a helicopter flight for us (at very short notice)The location was superb for restaurants, shopping and theatres so we were able to walk everywhere. Great choice for a special occasion...we will definitely return!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Oudec
<Content>Very good hotel but Totally agree with the last review from Trip Advisor members from London. We booked this hotel because of the excellent reviews on Trip Advisor and whilst we were not disappointed, we wouldnt rave about it. All that has been said is true, very quiet, fabulously comfy beds, nice rooms, etc etc. We believe that you are actually paying for the location of the hotel, two minutes walk from 5th Avenue. We were told we had a suite but it wasnt a suite it was just a normal hotel room but it was big for New York. You HAVE to eat at the Red Flame Diner. We loved it, food was good and reasonable but the best part was hearing the orders being passed to the kitchen, eggs over easy, all the way, etc!! Loved it. Dont be put off by this review, we would definitely stay at the Sofitel again but only if we got a good deal because it is very expensive in every way, rooms, drinks, meals.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Coltbridge
<Content>Cant understand these great reviews! We picked this hotel purely on the basis of Tripadvisor reviews for a three night stay in New York with our children. We have a suite and an executive room.The experience did not get off to a great start, arriving at 1500 we were told by an unsmiling receptionist that our rooms were still occupied. Her solution was for us to wait in reception for 90 minutes while they were emptied and prepared. Then, as if this made it better, she said that the squatters had actually paid for a late checkout! So this wasnt even an accident.After an hour of faffing we got into our rooms. Mostly as advertised, but in our suite the bahtub was only 36 inches long at the bottom, and 45 inches at the top. ie you cant stretch your legs out in it.In the bedroom of our suite the TV was set off to one side by about 60 degrees, so we couldnt lie in bed vegging at the tv without getting a severe cricked neck.And the window of our suite, 240 feet above street level, has a three foot crack in both the inside and outside panes - slightly alarming.To console ourselves we tried to make a cup of tea. No kettle. We rang housekeeping to be told that they dont provide kettles, but we will see what can be done. An hour later nothing had been done, so we rang the manager, and 20 minutes later a kettle arrived, but in this heart of the world's greatest economy the kettle has no automatic off switch.Not impressed, at $1000 a night, and puzzled by all these great reviews - suggests that the rest of NY's hotels must be pants!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Mickie
<Content>Talk about Heavenly Beds... I stayed at the Sofitel NY for one night in early November. The service was amazing from the bellman to the front desk, etc. but the most remarkable feature was the incredibly comfortable bed. I don't sleep well on the road but thanks to the luxurious sheets and cozy duvet, I slept like a log. It's pricey but I'll pay a bundle for a good sleep.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Youngflyers
<Content>Superb!       Sofitel Entrance  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Value but Don't expect Wow Factor For the price, the room was pretty good (we had a king suite). Beds very comfortable pillow top with thick comfy quilt. Bathrooms definitely large and above average with separate glassed shower stall and deep bath tub. Very clean hotel. Location is excellent - able to walk to times square, broadway, restaurants, subway etc.....Just do not expect the character you will find in some other new york hotels. It reminded me of staying at the Westin Hotel or the Sheraton in any other big city (except the bed and bathroom are better quality). Overall I recommend it but am curious as to what other hotels of similar price range offer as the price is still not at all cheap.............  
<Date>Dec 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location - Okay hotel Stayed here Dec 18-20, 2005 based on the reviews on Tripadvisor. You absolutely cannot beat the location of the hotel, which is great because we didn't spend much time in the room. The room and hotel itself is average. For the price you could probably get a better room elsewhere, but you probably couldn't get the great location. For our next trip I would probably want to stay elsewhere in the same price range $400 - $500 a night to compare before giving the Sofitel the highest rating.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>monbri
<Content>Awesome!       Bedroom  
<Date>Dec 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent, relaxing stay Stayed in an executive suite for $369 plus taxes per night booked online direct with accor hotels. Bedroom was very spacious with huge balcony (pity it had 2 inches of snow on it which never melted due to the freezing weather last week!), very spacious separate lounge also.Bathrooms are lovely, particularly liked the little touches like fresh flowers and candles. Forgot to take conditioner and shower gel but no probs as toiletries were replenished daily.Found all the staff very polite and helpful and all the expected staff were present whenever we entered or left the building.Had dinner on our first night - fillet mignon for me and lobster ravioli for my husband- and thoroughly enjoyed it. Also had breakfast twice and was impressed by choice available and service of staff.The location of the hotel couldn't be better and yet once inside you would never know that you were in the heart of midtown.In short, we have been to New York a few times and this was by far the best hotel we've stayed in.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>andy36
<Content>good but not at all great stayed here for seven nights. booked a suite which was large and comfortable. bed was great as was the bathroom. room had no view even though we asked for one back in march upon booking. rooms very very quiet. gripes? charged me too much for the room as agreed in march. eventually sorted out due to my persistance. charged for room service we didnt have. no toilets on the same floor as the bar. best thing about this hotel is the red diner 2 doors away. the food and value is best we found anywhere. for the price they charge we wouldnt return.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lesleyjane
<Content>Fantastic hotel - highly recommended! We stayed here for 4 nights in December 2005 after reading all the great reviews on this site. I must say that we were not at all disappointed. The hotel itself is situated close to Times Square, inbetween 5th and 6th Avenues. The staff were polite, friendly and helpful on all occasions. Nothing was too much trouble. The concierge was knowledgeable and helped us on numerous occasions by booking restaurants for us and drawing maps to help us find places we wanted to visit. Randy the doorman was a real gentleman too! Our room was large by New York standards and spotlessly clean. The beds were ultra comfortable too. The bathroom was huge with a big walk-in shower and separate bath. The communal areas were plush and kept very clean. All in all I would recommend this hotel highly to anyone who values cleanliness, old fashioned manners and friendly and informed staff. A1!!  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>msboodle
<Content>Very Nice Hotel was beautiful and the staff was very helpful. The bed was extrememly comfortable. The only thing that I didn't enjoy about my stay was the fact that there was not a coffee pot in the room. I really enjoy my coffee!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>James_Thomson
<Content>Comfortable 4 star hotel (with some problems) suited to the average tourist I had high expectations of this hotel and booked 6 nights at the Sofitel based on it being rated the No. 1 hotel in New York by tripadvisor.com. I was disappointed with this hotel.Sofitel New York is a comfortable 4 star hotel for the average tourist. You should not expect high standards of service or luxury staying here.Sofitel is a 4 star, not a 5 star hotel. People travelling to this hotel should expect comfort, but not luxury. It is not a luxury hotel with consistent excellent service in the same league as The Ritz Carlton, The St. Regis Hotel, or Four Seasons Hotel in New York. Having checked out these five star properties while in New York, for my next stay in New York I would probably choose the St. Regis.The room rates at Sofitel New York are very high. I was paying $US500 a night for a queen bed room with no view.Good points:-Modern marble bathroom with separate bath and shower-Comfortable queen sized bed-Midtown location near Broadway and Times SquareBad points:-Room service ordered on my first night arrived almost cold. I ordered a Vegetable Lasagne and it was luke warm. Also, the night menu seems to suit the hotel rather than containing appealing options.- I returned to the hotel around midnight a couple of nights to find absolutely no staff on the property at all (no doormen, and concierge and front desks were both empty). For a 4 star hotel I think this is not satisfactory. Also, when I returned late on a Saturday night (Sunday morning), there was one staff member in the lobby who was sitting on a chair in a deep sleep. My walking past didn't even wake him!-Doormen do not open doors for guests consistently. For a 4 star hotel charging $500 a night, I tend to expect this.-Internet access terminals in the lobby are always down. I complained a couple of times and they were fixed, only to be down again. One of the terminals was taken away and not returned for 3 days. There seemed to be no rush to ensure it was fixed.-Concierges are not available all the time. There were times when a concierge was not on the property. One night I wanted a restaurant recommendation at 7pm and went to the concierge desk only to be told that there is no concierge on the property at the moment.-Maids are stingy with replacing toiletries. I had used all the shampoo and on one day when my room was serviced and the toiletries were replaced, my empty shampoo was replaced with a half-empty bottle. I asked the maid whether it had been used by another guest and she said I don't know and brought a new one. Equally, with the turndown service, they are supposed to provide bottles of Evian for both guests. We had 2 guests, and for most of the nights only 1 bottle of Evian was provided.I wouldn't rush back to the Sofitel at $500 a night, but if you can get a room for under $300 a night it would represent good value. And remember, it is not a luxury hotel, it is a standard 4 star tourist hotel.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>3	1	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top hotel My husband and I treated ourselves to 5 nights in New York at the Sofitel and what a superb hotel. The room was modern yet tastefully furnished, designed with French flair. The room had extra touches, for example when you opened the wardrobe door a light would come on. The bathroom was very tasteful with a large walk in shower as well as a bath. The only disappointing thing was that we had to go back to our own bathroom when we came back!! The location was excellent too, right by Time Square but with the advantage of excellent soundproofing in the hotel. We didn't eat in the hotel choosing to eat out for breakfast, lunch and dinner. However, we did go to the bar for a drink one evening and what a beautifully designed place it was. In summary one of the best hotels we have stayed at.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Plesantly surprised Me and the miss,stayed at sofitel for 2 nights, 4th july weekend. We reserved a standard room and were upgraded to a deluxe queen upon arrival. I got the sofitel privilage card and we were given a drink voucher and offered a late check out. The room was fabulous. The decor was modern, chic but not gaudy. it was well furnished with a minifridge, safe, closet, cd player, seats and THE BED. The bed was insane, had the best nights sleep ever. We almost missed our flight. The curtains didnt help either, they might have been noise cancelling or something because the room was peaceful and quiet with the the NYC hustle and bustle. The bathroom was a treat. designed with a tub as well as a huge walk in-shower, it was supplied with designer toiletries and candles. I could have swore there were speakers in there somewhere cuz i could hear the TV, clearly! Sofitel is located in epicenter of nyc attractions. Times square is to your right, 5th av is to your left. Grand central is also walking distance. Staff was corteous with bonjour and the door man was very informative.Funny thing happened, we took a bottle of water from the minifridge, yet bought and replaced it the next day to avoid the charges, yet when we checked out it was on our bill. That frigde must have sensors or something. A great hotel!!!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect weekend in New York This hotel is absolutely wonderful....safe, quiet location only minutes from Times Square and Fifth Avenue, beautiful lobby, courteous and helpful staff, quick elevator service, spacious rooms by NY standards, views of Chrysler and/or Empire State Building, extremely comfortable beds, beautiful marble baths with soaking tub and glass shower, special touches such as candles, fresh flowers, terry-cloth robe/slippers, complimentary water bottles, cd players, and late checkouts. We came to NYC for a weekend visit with another couple and enjoyed our stay immensely! My husband and I stayed on the 17th floor where it was extremely quiet. The couple we traveled with were upgraded to a larger room on the 19th floor and surprised with champagne and chocolates after I emailed the hotel a few days prior to arrival that they were celebrating their anniversary. Be sure to register in advance for a Sofitel Loyalty card and bring a printout of your registration so you can request a late checkout. Also, don't touch anything in the room refrigerator unless you want it...There is a sensor inside, and you will be charged for any items moved.As for activities in NYC, I would recommend dinner at Tony's Italian Restaurant and Gallagher's Steak House, breakfast at the Red Flame Diner, cheesecake at Lindy's, early lunch at Carnegie Deli, purchasing tickets in advance on the hotel computers for Top of the Rock so you do not have to wait in line, and of course any show on Broadway...We saw Producers and Chicago this time, but also enjoyed Rent and Phantom on previous visits. Book well in advance if you want to see Wicked, Spamalot, or Odd Couple.We all had a wonderful weekend and will not hesitate to make reservations at the Sofitel on our next visit!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay Here! Stayed at Sofitel NY for 1 night Nov 25th. The city was mobbed with holiday shoppers but the Sofitel was calm and lovely! We stayed in suite 2922 and had a nice view of Chrysler building. The bed is super comfy, the bathroom was divine, all marble and a deep tub which was great after a hectic day shopping! Perfect location for all the best NY has to offer. Room service was prompt and accurate. The girl in the gift shop remained kind and smiley even after I repeatedly knocked over a handbag display. The check-in guy had to play the xylophone to summons a bellboy who appeared quickly out of no where. I said They make you play the xylophone??? He smiled and said Yes! ...in fact i think he liked having to play it. I would stay here again in a minute.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bas1976
<Content>A Hidden Gem We stayed in the Sofitel in mid October 2005 for 3 nights and thought it was wonderful. The location was brilliant, just 5 minutes from Time Square and all the hussle and bustle of the Big Apple. But....even though it was so close to everything it was incredibly, a small haven of tranquility. We booked a suite (which was huge by NYC standards) so we were on a high floor. It was utterly silent up there and I slept brilliantly on the beautifully comfortable bed. The bathroon was lovely with a huge walk in shower but the 'large' bath we were promised when we booked failed to materialise!! The lifts were very speedy and we never had to wait for them unlike in other hotels (Parker Meridien). Free internet in the lobby topped it off. We would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very pleasant Nice atmosphere and great staff. Size of room exellent and very bright.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fantastic manic 3 days stayed at the sofitel for my 40th birthday.staff very accomodating moved us up to a higher floor because it was my birthday.Room was excellent...not too small, great bed bathroom had a seperate shower, bath Roger and Gallet toiletries....bathrobe and slippers.Fantastic location within easy walking distance of time square, 5th Ave, Grand Central.We had fantastic weather so walked quite alot. Bring some sensible shoes!!!Concierge very helpful.Can't wait to go back but will go back for longer as could not fit everything in.Would book Sofitel again.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BobHarvey
<Content>Classy non-flashy luxury We really enjoyed our stay at the Sofitel. The staff were courteous, the room moderate size but elegant, lovely bathroom, tasteful toiletries, the most comfortable bed you'll ever sleep in.The lobby's a tad gloomy though elegant, and the only thing I'd really knock is the price of breakfast. Go down the block to the diner instead.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kr203040
<Content>Really Great!! Stayed at The Sofitel 28th Oct-1st Nov - looks exactly like the pictures on the website and has a lovely plush lobby! The rooms are lovely - very clean, nicely decorated and extremely quiet. We were on the 16th floor and didn't hear a sound from outside.When we first got there the bins in the room hadn't been emptied and there were no fresh towels in the bathroom, we rang reception and the head of housekeeping was at our door within literally one minute, she was exteremly apologetic and offered us another room but we were happy to stay where we were and a maid fixed the room immediatley - for the rest of our stay everything was perfect. The Evian water and weather forecast of a night were a lovely touch and all of the staff we encountered were friendly and courteous. I have previously stayed at the Alex and the Westin Times Square and would say the Sofitel definately has the edge over the the Alex and is equal to the Westin - if you want ultra modern go for Westin - ultra comfortable - go Sofitel!!! Don't hesitate to book and enjoy the great location!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just what we hoped for We booked 2 rooms at the Sofitel for 4 nights in Nov 05. It was our first visit to New York and we weren't really sure what to expect. We needn't have worried. The hotel was great. Staff at check in were extremely friendly  the rooms were excellent  well equipped. Although ours overlooked the street we weren't bothered by noise  the beds were very comfortable. Bathrooms were modern  spotlessly clean. Concierge  doorman were extremely helpful when we asked for directions or wanted a taxi. Similarly bar staff when we went in for a late night drink. Hotel is in a great location near to Time Square, Grand Central Station, Empire State Building  numerous other sights. I would heartily recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Queensnative
<Content>Perfect Stay I recently booked a suite here as part of a celebration for my husband's 40th birthday. We were both extremely pleased. Service was prompt and very friendly, the hotel itself is very striking and our suite was just like the photographs - beautiful. It was also very quiet, which I appreciate. Had drinks at the bar one night, and a fantastic fresh breakfast the next morning. I would recommend this without any qualms to everyone, and will definitely consider staying here again.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent stay! Firstly, a great, great location. The only (minor) gripe I had was the music that was piped in the lobby - just a little too loud and giving slightly the wrong impression.My room was beautiful - I'd got a hot deal online a couple of months before and, factoring in the exchange, it was really good value. Room service excellent, and the bed was really comfy. Room was very well and tastefully furnished - understated, which looked impressive given the size of the room itself.Didn't have too much contact with the staff to be honest, but would be back in a second, given the chance!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ltngold
<Content>Nice but not wow After reading the reviews here I was expecting to be thrilled with our choice of staying at Sofitel. It is very nice and the bathrooms are extraordinary. But the best hotel in NYC - I don't think so.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wee gem. My husband Tom and myself stayed at the Sofitel for eight nights during Oct 2005. We loved the hotel. The attenion to detail was excellent, service first class and the staff where extremly helpful and friendly [when we reported a blocked toilet, the problem was dealt with quickly and efficiently], in particular the concierge staff. When we had to rearrange our wedding plans the Head Concierge rearranged it effortlessly and continued to support us up to and during the big day, making sure it was a special day for us.The hotel is in a good central location.The Red Flame Dinner, a few doors down was good for breakfast.We would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Every bit as good as you read! I'm normally not one to write online reviews, but this place certainly merits it for all the right reasons. We booked the hotel for 3 night shopping break based on other reviews and great price obtained through a third party internet site. Check in was simple - no queues and no problem for an early check in just before midday (3PM is preferred time). We were on the 11th floor so our view was restricted by neighbouring buildings, though in all honesty, you are not in NYC to stare out your hotel window as you will see plenty of sites when out and about. Ask at check-in if you want to be higher up. The rooms are a good size and extrememly comfortable. The bed and bathroom are every bit as good as other reviewers have described. The rooms were very quiet too - both in terms of city noise and nighbouring guests/corridor noise. It felt like we were the only ones on the floor. The hotel has an excellent location in midtown Manhattan, convinient for shopping/shows etc. We didn't have much interaction with the staff, but when we did, they were curtious and helpful. The doormen were great too. Didn't eat in the restaurant but opted instead for the diner a few doors down for breakfast which provided a hearty meal for a day on your feet. The small internet access area(3 PCs and printer) in the lobby was excellent for checking on your business email while you are away. All in all, an excellent place to stay, and I have been in my fare share of 5 star luxury hotels that don't come up to the same standard. Won't hesitate to book again.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Irish_Dude111
<Content>Super stay in Sofitel, nearly perfect.       Very Comfortable bed, spacious room  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good until check out Sofitel was nice until I decided to check out after 3 nights instead of the 5 nights I (unknowingly) prepaid for because my business in NYC was finalized early. The manager, John did not budge or try to compromise on refunding the other two nights. I paid the full $1000 + tax for 2 nights that I did not stay here (yes, it was $500 a night) when I KNOW they were easily able to occupy my room because it was marathon weeekend. My company's travel dept. called John also, he would not work with any of us. He would not even come out and talk to me face to face. John promised to call me later to work this out, which he never did. He seemed to base everything on the fact that I had decided to check into a less costly hotel for personal use for the rest of the weekend and wanted me to cancel that hotel first. What did my personal activities have to do with this? So if you prepay here through an internet site or other travel service you better hope you won't need to check out early in the event of an emergency or for any other reason because it won't matter to management who is clearly greedy. Also, room service is not detail oriented, I got wrong food on two occasions.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>2	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mrwatson
<Content>Still great but they need to watch the details I am a HUGE fan of this hotel. I've been staying here since they opened and don't stay anywhere else in NYC unless forced. In general, the location is great, the service is friendly and helpful, the room service quick, the rooms clean and big for NYC standards. Since I'm such a huge fan, I figure I'm allowed to be picky. I think they need to get on top of the details - or make sure the staff is really trained to be looking for these things:Examples: bathrobe not in room (fine, got it but had to call)Pen missing from paper/pen pad on deskchair missing from room (that's even more bizarre - how do you miss a chair)Bath mat not replaced one morningGym had broken TV on one machine and missing foot pedals on one of the stationary bikesall in all still good, but I would hate to see it go down hill.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel, great location Stayed at the Sofitel 29/10/05 - 2/11/05. Very pleasant stay with no real faults to report but no 'wow' factor either. Not a place you would regret staying at but surprised it gets quite such enthusiastic reviews on this site. We stayed in a King Suite on the 28th floor and the room was very quiet and comfortable. Not sure if the hotel gets its #1 rating because it doesn't do much wrong rather than anything spectacularly right. On the occasions we needed assistance the staff were very polite and helpful. Nice lobby, decent communal areas and an easy place to relax - it depends what you are looking for, and I would recommend the Sofitel as a good, safe bet. Having stayed at the Four Seasons in Dublin a week or so earlier my girlfriend and I are still commenting to friends on the standard or service etc we received - with the Sofitel our only real comment was that it was 'nice'.Minor complaint was the standard of room cleaning - e.g. marks on the bedside tables caused by water glasses were not wiped away in the 4 days we were there and apart from the bed having been made it was difficult to tell if the room had been serviced. We didn't complain, however, so gave them no chance to rectify it.Location very good particularly for a first time visit to NY. If you want good, well located accommodation the Sofitel won't let you down, if you want something truly memorable it may be worth looking further afield (maybe a room at the Four Seasons for the same price as suite at the Sofitel - probably my choice next time).  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect For A Long Weekend! We chose this hotel partially based on reviews from this web site. It did not disappoint. We were pleased to find the staff friendly and helpful, without the snobbishness that comes with some of these higher priced hotels. We were delighted to receive the bottle of champagne the staff sent up for our anniversary. The Sofitel is a nice sized hotel, but not overly huge. The lobby is comfortable and inviting. Our rooms were a good size and fairly quiet, given the location. Very comfortable bed as well. We had good breakfasts at the diner down the street, and other meals while we were out. On our last night there, we were exhausted from all the walking and wanted to eat someplace good and nearby. The concierge recommended Osteria al Doge down the street, and we enjoyed an excellent meal in a relaxed setting to celebrate our 10th anniversary. Sofitel would be my first choice in hotels the next time we travel to NYC.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb What a fantastic hotel. I'm glad I took the advice of the trip advisor reviewers!Location couldn't have been better. Elegant lobby and very helpful concierge and reception staff. The room was lovely and of a good size. The bed the most comfortable I have ever slept in (you can now buy them if you visit their website) and the bathroom very stylish although I was a little disappointed at the size of the bath-too short and shallow.I would definitely recommend applying on the website to become a privilege card holder as you get a free drink in the bar on arrival and more importantly a late checkout of 1600 on your final day-perfect for our evening flight.I would definitely stay in a Sofitel hotel again wherever it may be.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Uxbridge_UK
<Content>Good Quality Hotel in a great location We stayed at the Sofitel for a long week-end, our first trip to New York. Whilst acknowledging the Hotel's French ownership, I found being greeted in French upon our arrival in New York in the early hours of the morning, a little bizarre and pretentious. But then I'm English so French is not going to be my cup of tea! The Sofitel is a good quality hotel with a sense of style. The rooms are modern, and well equipped. The bathrooms are very good with a separate shower stall, and bath. The baths are a bit shallow for a good soak. The beds are very comfortable. The rooms are quiet, albeit the air-con was a bit noisy when it cut-in. Staff are very helpful and polite. The Bar is very pleasant, with good service. We did not dine in the restaurant, prefering instead to go out and choose from the many, and varied restaurants within easy walking distance. Like others we would reccommend the Red Flame Diner, just a few doors a long the street. You may have to queue for a few minutes at breakfast time due the its popularity with both locals and visitors - but it's well worth the brief wait. The waitresses are great and work hard, so tip them well. The Hotel is situated adjacent to the Thearte District between 5th and 6th Avenue so it is ideally placed for exploring. We walked from the hotel to Times Square, Central Park, Maceys, Bloomingdales, and the Museum of Modern Art, amongst other places. As I have not stayed at other New York hotels I cannot say how it compares to them. However, compared to other hotels I have stayed at in other countries it scores well, and we would have no hesitation in returning to the Sofitel.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>baharyt
<Content>It's no wonder this hotel is #1!!!!! Here is the lowdown. A stay at this hotel will ruin you for other hotels! From the moment that you enter the sumptuous lobby and are greeted with a smile by the staff and concierge, you know that you have stepped into a place with class.First:We requested a large corner room on a high floor when we made the reservation. (We learned this trip trick from reading other trip advisor reviews) The room itself (2221) was large and impeccably well designed and very comfortable. The bathroom was beautiful!!!Very large with a separate shower and tub.The bed was the most comfortable that we have slept in in all the years we have traveled.Second:LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION!!!Perfectly situated 2 blocks from Times Square and subways and 2 blocks from 5th Avenue and shopping!!!Who could ask for a better location?!!Even though we were right in the middle of all the action,..... the room was so quiet!! Didn't hear a thing all night long.In closing:This hotel is not number one without good reason.Our best wishes to the Sofitel's continuing success.Thank you for making our stay one we will never forget!!And THANK YOU TO TRIP ADVISOR for once again coming through with another winner!Thanks again,Michael and DavidSan Diego, California  
<Date>Nov 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>george1
<Content>great hotel we have just returned from our 1st vist to New York (it will not be our last) on the tripadvisor recomendation we stayed at the Sofitel. What a hotel no faults at all. The bed was one of the most comfortable I have been in. The room was very clean. Bathroom excellent. Very good location central to all attractions, we walked everywhere. Staff could not do enough for you. When we visit New York again we will be staying at this hotel. Few yard down the red flame diner for breakfast, one block over Sammy's bar. Excellent trip all round.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best hotel in NYC My husband and I started going to the Sofitel a couple years ago when the President was speaking out against the French (2003)- we got such a wonderful deal on the room ($100 per night) that we tried it and even got an upgrade. There were coupons given for free drinks in the wonderful bar there and all the amenities of a luxury hotel- view of Empire State Building, the robes, the mitted washclothes, fresh orchids, candles in the bathroom with music/tv piped into the very large bathrooms with separate marble showers with large shower heads. Although it is close to the action, it is quiet inside and the lobby is serene and welcoming unlike the Times Square touristy hotels where you have to show your key to get inside and there are mobs of people hanging out. Here the staff are attentive, helpful and quietly efficient. The rooms are quiet and you don't hear other people in the hallways or in the next room when you are in your room. Unfortunately, the opinion of hte French must have changed because the prices have gone up but the quality of these large sized rooms and the ambience has not changed from excellent! We love it!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>asialoverFrance
<Content>good and not more Nice bathroom (with battub PLUS shower, PLUS marble), nice bathroom...what else ?Small bedroom ; we could not get to the armchair without pushing the bed ; could not leave the bathroom door open AND go thru the small corridor to the room main door....Maybe all the fuss I read here is because people at the SOfitel say bonjour and not good morning.It is a good hotel, certainly not a 5 star ; so if you want to feel you are in the US and npt pay extra money to get french soap, go to the Hilton. If you want luxury, then head for the New York Palace for the same price.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really great Hotel       There's only 'one' Times Square...  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Commish123
<Content>Wonderful Stay.... Great Location....best Stay In New York !!!!! Highly recommend the Hotel Sofitel...great location between 5th and Times Square, easy walking everywhere. Excellent rooms, well equiped, clean (spotless), comfy beds, and just the right amount of french touch on everthing. Great Bar.......Excellent Resturant. This will be our New York headquarters from this day forward.PS; There is Great Tracatoria just steps out the door to the right heading towards Times Square and a nice little diner less steps, yet.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sofitel is SUPER!!! My daughter and I stayed three nights at the Sofitel New York .Lobby was very pretty with nice sitting area and the fresh cut flowers were beautiful. Our 14th floor room was great. Nice room decor, marbled bathroom was nice with separate shower and tub and the candle in the bathroom added an extra nice touch.Cannot say enough about how comfortable the beds were..soooo comfy. Hotel staff were very nice..Rene' (sp?) at concierge was very helpful.Doormen were always there to help and getting a cab when we checked out was no problem. Computer room complete with printer was real nice. We were able to check in and print boarding passes for our flight back home. Hotel is within walking distance for most everything..Times Square..Radio City..Rockefeller Center. Saint Patricks Cathedral. Fifth Avenue shopping.Grand Central.. We took subway to Chinatown. We saw Phantom of the Opera at the Majestic theatre and it was a couple of blocks away. We also went for taping of David Letterman show which was also within walking distance. Red Flame Diner just a few doors down was a great place for breakfast. We will most definitely stay at the Sofitel on our next trip to New York!!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BigMac58
<Content>Perfect for NYC We took two rooms - one for my wife and me, the other for our two girls. We had premier queens on the 14th or 15th floor. The receptionist sweetly gave us rooms opposite each other at the end of a corridor - as there was a door just up the corridor for which only we had the key we could form a suite arrangement between the two rooms and have total privacy as a family, which was a nice touch. Clean, affordable (by NYC standards), brilliantly located and attentive staff. Above all else however is that I am a terrible sleeper but the bed was so comfortable that I had the best sleep for years. As they now market as their own brand (as featured in the Sunday Times)I am putting one at the top of my list for Santa this year. Brilliant.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>stephanierafail
<Content>Loved IT I have stayed here for business several times. The room is heaven (great bathroom, very modern, DVD players with DVDs you can get from the front desk, comfortable bed, plenty of room.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful! Beautiful hotel. Kept very clean. Employees were very nice. Great location. Decor was up to date. You get what you pay for.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice!! We stayed here for three nights during a visit to New York City, and had a very enjoyable stay. Our room was (for NYC) very spacious and quite comfortable -- and also very upscale with the modern-looking blond wood finishing and furniture. The bathroom was great, with marble and a very nice separate glass shower (and a tub as well!). The midtown location is also great, especially if you plan on seeing any shows. Times Square is only a block or so away. We would definitely stay at the Sofitel NYC again.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BurnedbyHotelHana
<Content>Best Price Guarantee Not Honored Beware of using the Softel web site for booking hotels. They do not honor their Best Rate Guaranteed Policy. I booked the Sofitel for 10-21 thru 10-24 at $1397 on their site. Sidestep found a lower rate and I forwarded this on to Sofitel.Sofitel refuses to match the price because the online reservation had a cancellation charge and Sofitel's did not.To my knowledge, almost every online web site has a cancellation charge or is nonrefundable (Expedia charges $25).This is a gotcha buried in their fine print.This is apparently a common problem too because the person answering the 800 call from their web site explained that it would likely not be honored for this reason as soon as I called. Apparently this is a common answer.In their defense, I will say that the hotel itself was much more cooperative when I called them direct to cancel my reservation. However, at that point I had already made other arrangements.They also pointed out that Sofitel offers a best rate and hot deals. The best rate is cancellable; the hot deals are not. At the time I booked (10-11), the best rate (cancellable) was $100 LESS than the hot deals. As explained to me then, I would have to book the hot deal at the more expensive rate to get a price match.Too much hassle. Too much fine print. Too Mickey Mouse for a reputable company. Bottom line. A company that advertises a best rate guarante on its site that apparently routinely refuses to do so.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SterlingRose1212
<Content>Perfect Location! My friends and I (3 gals from Houston) recently went to this hotel after bidding on it from Priceline. Worth every penny for the location alone! We flew into Newark and it was a breeze via taxi ($45 plus tolls and tip) This hotel is within walking distance to most of the NY hot spots-theater district, shops on 5th Avenue, St Pats, Central Park (OK-a little far but everyone walks in NY) Macy's etc.The staff is lovely and the only complaint I had was we couldn't find the doorman a few times to help with cabs and had to flag down our own. There are several hotels on the block and it was raining most of the Columbus Day weekend so cabs were at a premium.We did not eat at the hotel but found tons of inexpensive places for breakfast and lunch. Bar area is nice but drinks are pricey.We were on the 22nd floor and it was so incredibly quiet we over slept every day. The view was so-so but the peaceful sleep was worth it. The beds are fabulous and the rooms are a good size. Bathrooms were big, too.Highly recommend if you can get it for under 300 per night!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel The best I have ever stayed at in NYC. The rooms are spotless, well appointed and quite large after NYC standards. The staff is very friendly, and the locations is great. Will definately stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Nakina
<Content>Great location, facitilities and service We stayed at the Sofitel, in part, because of the excellent reviews on tripadvisor. It was great! The location is mid-town and handy to most things. The service was excellent throughout our stay and they seem to have a lot of staff for the size of the hotel. Almost always 3 or 4 people on reception, 2 people on the door and often a person standing at the ready in the lobby in case anyone needed more help. The staff could not have been more pleasant and helpful. It rained while we were there and the hotel had lots of complimentary umbrellas available.The Gabi restaurant is a comfortable spot with very good food, although expensive even by NY standards. The Red Flame diner a few doors down the street is excellent.The rooms are adequate in size and very comfortable with a modern design and decor. The beds are excellent. The only thing that would be nice is in room coffee for the morning. The walls are fairly soundproof , some noise from a noisy person for a while one evening and you can hear noise from the hall through the doors (doors closing etc) but not a big problem and the hotel is generally quiet.The 3 free internet computers in the lobby area worked very well with even a printer provided.The hotel represented top value for NY as I booked through expedia for about $350 a night for the 4 nights. Way better value than other 4 and 5 star hotels we have stayed in on past trips.We will be most happy to stay at the Sofitel the next time we are in New York.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Most Beautiful Hotel I've ever stayed in We just returned from a weekend trip to NYC. The Sofitel is in a great location, midtown manhattan. This is easy walking distance to Grand Central Terminal, the NYC public library, Times Square, Fifth Ave. Shopping , the Empire State Building and Rockefeller Plaza. We also walked back to the Sofitel from Madison Square Garden. The Hotel is french. The lobby is large and beautiful with fresh flowers. It has intimate conversation areas set up with leather chairs and beautiful damask couches. The doormen were attentive and friendly. All the staff we encountered were polite, friendly, relaxed and attentive, not at all stuffy. Our room was lovely with neutral modern art deco furnishings. The bed was great! It was a king with fine linens including a featherbed and down comforter. The bathroom was nicely appointed with marble flooring and counters. Everything was very clean and french soaps and toiletries were provided. There was an easy to use room safe which we made use of. Even robes and slippers were provided. There was a nightly turn down service where the maid came in and prepared your bed. She also left bottled water, a card with the next days weather forcast and a breakfast order menu. We did not try any of the room service but the items on the menu sounded delicious. There really is nothing they could improve on. It was all great. The only thing I missed was a chocolate on my pillow. I would highly recommend staying at this hotel. I booked way in advance through travelocity and I think I paid $269 a night. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BlackPearlCasino.net
<Content>Best customer service ever All I can say it awesom!!!! I wouldnt stay anywhere else  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic! Excellent location and the best beds ever! Loved the Sofitel it was a fab sanctuary at the end of a tiring sight seeing/shopping day. The shower was lovely and the service also. The hotels location meant that it was possible to walk to nearly all popular attractions and the room service in a morning was always exactly on time! Never saw any of the maids but our room was kept spotless. Will definately stay here again when in NY.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel !!!! Great location, between Times Square and 5th Avenue. I booked a luxury room at $610/night for 7 nights directly with my credit card, but I had also a sofitel favourite guest card ($300) that offers 50% discount Fri-Sun and 25% Mon-Thur. There was a problem at check-in with my favourite guest card, and they solved it immediately presenting their excuses by offering me 50% discount for the entire stay. They really have an aggressive commercial attitude, prefering to lose some money than have unsatisfied customers. The hotel is excellent, the location is excellent, inside and outside noises are non-existent (excellent noise isolation, each floor only has 6-7 rooms), the staff is helpful, the room is clean (they clean it twice a day), marble bathroom, free evian water every night... This list could be endless, so I really recommend this hotel if you really want your stay in NYC to be excellent.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tonyofolds
<Content>Surely the best hotel in midtown new york The 14 hour days lugging yourself round new york deserves a reward and that reawrd can be a stay at the sofitel hotel. So near to Time Square and Grand Central and yet so far from the madding crowds. Just step into the lobby and the peaceful and serene setting immediately relaxes the mind. Or if you want to use the free aceess computers to check your emails, or step down to the fitness centre to exhaust those last few ounces of energy out of your system. Every member of staff meets and greets with sincerity and you make your way through spotless corridors and up polished lifts. Then enter your room (ours was a queen bed room on the 18th floor overlooking 46th st) Absolute silence and air conditioned. A super marble bathroom with roger gallet toiletries and a seperate walk in shower for me while the goood lady bathed in the seperate bath. And yet we still have not come to the best bit - The Bed, I have never slept in a more comfortable bed in all my travels, It is soooo comfortable and refreshed every day with crisp White linen as though it had just been un wrapped for the first time. A turn down service and bottles of evian just made it even more acceptable. Room service food was excellent if a little pricey but this IS new york and the quality of the food was more than satisfactory. If you want NEW YORK 24/7 this may not be the your option, but if your a seasoned traveller who likes to explore but also values a good nights rest then this may be the place for. My next Visit to New york will be at The sofitel.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay Stayed at Sofitel for four nights based on reccomendations on this web site. Reviews were exactly as described; I was not disappointed.Location is superb; just off Times square and Broadway, and close enough to shopping district on Fifth Avenue.Reception staff were always helpful and curteous. The room was well presented, with the best bed you are ever likely to sleep in, (much appreciated after each day's lengthy walking), along with iron and board, safe, TV and mirrored wardrobe. The impressively spacious bathroom with seperate bath and powerful shower also had some great toilettries as well as fresh flowers, candles and a hairdryer.Free internet access in hotel's lobby was also very handy.As with previous reviewers, I can heartily reccomend the breakfasts at 'The Red Flame Diner' five doors down from the hotel.I enjoyed New York immensely, I will certainly be returning and definately staying at The Sofitel again.P.S. Do take your most comfortable shoes as you will do plenty of walking!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good, but a little overrated Definitely a solid hotel, but based on the glowing reviews I saw here, I thought I was in for the hotel stay of my lifetime. The queen deluxe room was a good size, not huge, like at the Affinia Dumont (my favorite NY hotel, but a little pricey these days), but nice enough. The bathroom was wonderful, large with a bath AND shower. Overall, the staff was helpful, my room was ready by 10am, but I did have to call down three times for some extra toothpaste. Be warned that your Sofitel privilege card will not be honored if you book your room online at a discounted rate. Nice place, above average but not excellent.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MJDunne
<Content>Excellent hotel at an excellent price Booked the Sofitel for a bargain price of 拢364 on airline-network.We were given a lovely king room, gorgeous bed, decor and bathroom. The room was just lovely after a long flight from Heathrow.The reception staff always said hello or mostly bonjour! The locationwas perfect, close enough to Times Square and 6th Avenue for some fun but quiet enough for some peace!There was also a great restaurant almost next door which did some great breakfasts!We drank at the bar both nights and had some great fun.Could not fault this hotel at all.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Vendredimanche
<Content>The most comfortable bed in NYC Only stayed in New York for 3 nights this time around so sleep and comfort were a priority and we were not disappointed at the Sofitel. Our queen room was large for NY standards (much larger than I expected!), very nicely furnished (with big cupboards/ iron/ safe / full-length mirror / fluffy bathrobes), and delightfully quiet. The bathroom had both a bath and a shower and lots of lovely products + candles  fresh flower (and the towels are from Frette...). The bed is just amazingly comfortable with fresh crisp linen - we're thinking of writing to Sofitel to ask where they got their beds from and buy the same one for our home!  Service was faultless, and both checking in and out was extremely quick. And of course the location is brilliant - minutes off Times Square and 5th avenue. Price-wise, it is expensive but then again everything is expensive in NYC. We paid the same price for the Hudson hotel last year and had a very disappointing stay there. You can get the best rates on the internet, especially if you book the non-refundable option. Only drawback of the whole stay: the price of the breakfast which we did not know about until we signed the check (and it was too late!) - USD45 for 1 continental breakfast + 1 coffee... extortionate! Once bitten, twice shy - we went to a nearby diner for the rest of our stay. But we'll definitely be back at the Sofitel.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>caflygrl
<Content>Great hotel! Loved this hotel! Sadly, I only got to stay one night. I stayed in a one bedroom suite. It had a nice big bed with 4 pillows and a down comforter. The bathroom was large with a seperate shower stall and tub. There was a big closet, two tvs, and lots of other goodies. The staff and doormen were friendly and they held my bags for me while I attended a conference. Of the 3 hotels I've stayed at in NYC (Hilton Times Sq and the Roosevelt), this is my number one choice!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Service, Excellent Value Decided to stay at Sofitel thanks to its #1 ranking here on TripAdvisor and was extremely pleased. Very courteous service at check-in impressed us, and set the tone for our stay there. The room was average size, though supposedly good for New York City, and was equipped with a couple extra amenities you don鈥檛 usually get such as a complimentary room safe. Thanks to its location a block-and-a-half East of Times Square, street noise wasn鈥檛 a factor. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LittleJan
<Content>Loved Sofitel My husband and I visit New York several times a year to visit our daughter. We stay in different hotels every time we go. This time we stayed at the Sofitel and although it was over and above what we would normally pay, it was worth every single cent. The staff are among the best we have encountered anywhere. Just walking through the lobby you know you are in for something very special. We had booked a Superior room, which is the cheapest, but there was nothing cheap about this room. The bed was the most comfortable we have slept in. The decor was understated elegance. The bathroom was amazing, not only a bath with shower, but an extremely large walk-in shower, enough for at least four people to shower at the same time! Only ever staying in 31/2 or 4 star hotels it is very unusual for room only hotels to have a turn down service at night. Not only were the beds turned down, but all the towels changed as well. They also supply big fluffy robes and slippers.....what more can you ask for. They also leave a note of what the weather will be like the next day....wow. Money permitting, we will definitely stay at the Sofitel again. All this and a five minute walk to Times Square.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jjg54
<Content>If you love NYC, the theatre but not the noise... Your within a stroll from all what you love about NYC if that is theatre, shopping and people when you stay at The Sofitel. Central Park, the Empire State Building, the Library, 5thAvenue, MOMA although that was a contemporary disappointment. The hotel rooms were wonderfully quiet from the horn-blowing conversations of NYC. Timing and lineups of TKTS made a drop in to Spamelot theatre necessary and rewarding. Orchestra seats Thurs pm. Monty Python takes a shot at all. Hilarious. No tax on clothes, Macy discounts for out of town plus credit card app, Labour Day sales, the place was jammed. Chez Josephine great piano, good bistro food. Le Train Blue at Bloomies a Restaurant Week treat. You won't have issues with the Sofitel if you do it could only be that everyone wants to stay there. We found it a great way to start and end your New York day and BUZZ!!!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really great hotel ! I had been reading all reviews before booking a Deluxe Queen Room at the Sofitel. I was not disappointed at all !Before checking in, I had sent an e-mail to the hotel requesting for a high floor room and a late check-out. Indeed, the (free) Sofitel Privil猫ge Card offers this late check-out as part of the package. In addition, I had mentionned my birthday at that time.What we got in return:- an upgrade to a suite (!)- a birthday card from the Mgt- a birthday chocolate cake and drinksMoreover, the location is great: between 5th  6th Avenue, close to Rockefeller Center.Overall, an excellent hotel, with great value for money.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Kitten22
<Content>This is an excellent hotel in a great location I chose this hotel based on tripadvisor comments and I have to agree with most of them - it's right in the centre of the city with all the tourist attractions close to hand. The beds are VERY comfortable but first room we were given was tiny, dark and had a lovely view of a brick wall/water tower!! since we were staying a week I asked for a room change and we were given another room which was huge, king size bed and a fabulous view of the ESB, so it's hit and miss what room your get. The Internet access in the foyer is great and the Red Flame diner for breakfast is a must.Try to enroll as a Sofitel member via their web site because the complimentary chocolates, evening turn down service and water is a nice touch but the late check out is definately worth it.Everywhere is very clean and tidy and everyone helpful especially the bar and door staff, one or two members of concierge were a little off but they were very busy.I would definately consider staying here again when visiting the city.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rwpb-houston
<Content>We loved it!! We stayed at the Sofitel New York from 9/2 - 9/5/2005. We have stayed at many fine hotels and this one did not disappoint. It was a great home for us during our visit to NYC. The hotel is nicely tucked away from the crowds but still very close to Times Square, Rocefeller Plaza, Grand Central Station, subway access, etc.The lobby is elegant in an understated way - feels comfortable and approachable. There is a small computer room off the lobby with four computers and a printer with free internet access - this was a big plus! The front desk staff is friendly and efficient - very service oriented - they worked with us to find a room we liked - our first room had a very small window and felt claustrophobic. When we called down to complain the front desk clerk offered to come up and show us another room to see if we liked it better - very accommodating. The front desk is located near the elevators - we were greeted consistently when coming and going. The carpet in the elevators and the guest room corridors were the only things in the hotel that did not feel spotless - they always seemed like they needed to be vacuumed.The room we ended up in was a Deluxe Queen on the 21st floor which had a nice city view. Initially we were not sure about having a queen bed versus a king but it turned out to be a very comfortable room. The bed was fabulous just as others have mentioned in their reviews - felt like a layer of down under the sheet - there were feather pillows - two king size, two standard size - the down comforter and duvay were very cozy - although it was weird that there was no top sheet provided on the bed - we had to request a top sheet every day. All the bedding was very crisp, clean, fresh, high quality. The carpet in the room was soft and comfortable and also felt very clean. The art work was attractive. The bathroom was FABULOUS!! - felt very clean, fresh, updated, luxurious - attractive marble, shiny metal fixtures, separate shower, Frette bath linens, upscale French bath amenities. As others have mentioned the room was VERY QUIET - we did not hear any sirens, city traffic noise, etc while in our room which was very nice! The air conditioning in the room was also very quiet. Also a nice touch to have a Sony CD player/alarm clock - we brought some of our favorite CD's and enjoyed the music while in our room. The housekeepers kept the room clean and fresh twice a day and we never really noticed them - very discreet. Gaby's Restaurant was nice for breakfast - food quality was high, portions were nice - not too much or too little - coffee and orange juice were included in price of breakfast - $21 for American breakfast including 2 eggs, breakfast potatoes, wonderful fresh croissant, breakfast meat, coffee or tee, and juice. They automatically add 15% gratuity to all breakfast checks - that was strange. Anyway, it was a nice experience and worth the $50 for a special breakfast for two (although on day two the hotel was power washing the sidewalk right outside the windows of the restaurant - the noise was disturbing - not sure why they would choose to do that during the morning hours at breakfast time). The french press coffee was a nice touch but they leave the pot on the table and it gets cold too fast. We did enroll in the Sofitel Privilege Program before arriving and were offered a free drink when we checked in (although it was only ONE drink - strange since there were two of us).The concierge was dissapointing when compared with the rest of the experience. We dealt with three different concierge agents during our stay and found all three to be aloof. They did not seem very interested in helping, not very enthusiastic, not service oriented - a bit snobby. The bellmen and door staff also seemed aloof. Overall the hotel was impressive. The facility is modern and clean. The service at the front desk/ restaurant/ housekeeping is very good - the concierge/ bellmen/ door staff need work. We will definitely stay at Sofitel New York next time we visit.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel Great location; great rooms and fabulous service. We loved the hotel. Albert at the front desk was extremely knowledgable and helpful.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>High class hotel All reviews true. Really lovely quality hotel, charming and efficient service (I stayed in three different hotels in New York for one trip and this was the only one I didn't have to queue to check in/ out). Hotel also let me have a free late check out. Room was lovely, even had a great view. So it's not cheap, but where in New York is?  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Where to go nextt
<Content>It is true!  Stayed 5 nights at the Sofitel New York , 27 August 2005 onward .Chose the hotel based on the reviews on this website and we were notwrong to do so . The service was first class in terms of concierge , front desk , room service  chamber maids . We did not use the Gaby restaurant electing to take breakfast at the Red Flame 拢25 for 4 including tip  eating out in the evening. The location is superb with Times Square, Central Station , 5th Avenue all within a 10 minute walk , truly remarkable .The rooms were of a good size by New York standards , very clean , the bathroom was luxurious and the beds were very comfortable ( perhaps a little too soft for some ).The gym was adequate. A noisy/leaking air conditioning unit in my daughters` room was fixed promptly. I certainly felt confident that any issue would have been dealt with efficiently and willingly - this had not been my previous experience at the Radisson Lexington though you do perhaps get what you pay for .five nights in a standard room was mine for 拢700.I would not hesitate to stay here again .  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>solarwind
<Content>Stylish, well situated Manhattan hotel.               More photos  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>eprintmp
<Content>Excellent Value, Location and The BEDS, OH THE BEDS I am always skeptical about reviews on these sites as i always think they are written by the staff, especially when they rave about a hotel. I needed to go to NY for a wedding so I wanted to be centrally located within a good area so I opted for the SOFITEL. There was a bit of a mix up on the booking as they deducted 4 payments within 1 day, however this was rectified immediately. When we arrived they checked us in swiftly then sent us to our room. The hotel is very clean, very art deco with a modern feel. The rooms are a little on the small side, however I now know what they mean about all good things come in small packages. The bathroom is superb (the shower is heaven) the marble surround is very plush. My biggest criticism is always the Iron never works properly and the bed is uncomfortable. Well this was certainly not the case. The bed was out of this world the most comfortable I have ever slept in. The iron actually ironed a cotton shirt to perfection. The room service was prompt and the staff was very helpful to say the least. I could not really fault anything about the hotel except there was no laundry service on a Sunday, hence ironing my own shirt. Thanks Sofitel it was a great experience  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>traveller06London
<Content>Great value for money This hotel has a great location, friendly staff and good facilities. Don't expect big rooms (this is NYC after all) but they are very well decorated and very clean, the bathrooms are a decent spec too. I have stayed in much worse 5 star hotels. Only minor gripe was the service at breakfast was v slow. Outstanding value for the location.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay! Extremely quite room, awesome bed! Highly recommned. Staff was attentive and friendly. Lobby greets you with the smell of fresh cut flowers. No street noise. Room is spacious and extremely quite (my husband travels all the time, said this was the quietest room he's ever been in, no a/c noise). We were upgraded to a room w/ a view, which I was glad. When I made reservations, we went w/ the less expensive room, which is on lower levels (no view). Can't complain!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CSIMelissa
<Content>4th visit  I stayed at the Sofitel 8/17-8/21 with my mother. This was our fourth stay at the hotel in the past two years and like the others, it was perfect. We didn鈥檛 have any major complaints. We will definitely return.Our room was nice and our beds were super comfy. The hotel is soooo quiet! Even at night. They have changed their bedding somewhat so it was a bit odd because instead of having a top sheet on your bed you just had a thick, down comforter. As luxurious as it was it was WAY to warm of something to sleep with in August so we requested 鈥渞egular鈥?sheets and housekeeping complied. Also, housekeeping kept shorting us on towels and wash cloths but they gladly brought extras up when I called. I鈥檝e never mentioned it before, but the lobby has a very nice seating area . It鈥檚 a great place to wait after you鈥檝e checked out and you still have time before heading to the airport. There鈥檚 free internet access off that part of the lobby too.Also, I would recommend the Red Flame Diner just down the sidewalk for breakfast, lunch or dinner. We headed there every morning and got excellent food and service.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Rocco46
<Content>I have never stayed in such a quiet hotel room! The first thing you notice when you step in to the lobby of the Sofitel New York is the silence: no car horns, no sirens, no sounds of the city whatsoever. Whoever designed the soundproofing for this building deserves some sort of award. Of all the hotels I have visited in Manhattan (quite a few), I have never experienced such a quiet room. We had reserved a queen room; the hotel very kindly upgraded us to a king, as we were celebrating our anniversary. By New York hotel standards the room was very spacious, but the bathroom was immense! There was a separate tub and a separate large shower. My wife raved about the personal products that were provided; she finally realized she remembered the soap from staying at the Sofitel in Paris over twenty years ago! I guess Sofitel finds something that works and stays with it.As others have commented, the bed was extraordinary. The housekeeping staff was never seen, yet our room was always spotless, even if we left for a short time. The entire hotel staff was very attentive to any need that arose. I can't imagine a better hotel experience. And I haven't even mentioned the location: close to Times Square and theaters, close to the subway, no wait for a taxi. Rockefeller Center, the Chrysler Building and the Empire State Building are all a short walk (a few blocks) away.We didn't visit Gaby (the restaurant), so I cannot comment on that; we did, however, order room service for breakfast one morning, which was fine.The only remotely negative comment I can make is the room had no hair dryer when we arrived. We called downstairs and someone was there in less than five minutes with a replacement and extensive apologies. He seemed genuinely astonished that the hair dryer had been removed.Other than that, our visit was absolutely perfect. I cannot recommend the Sofitel enough. We will definitely by staying again.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!!!! My wife and stayed in early November, it was wonderful. The staff was very attentive, the rooms were nicely appointed, and my wife especially loved the shower and bathroom. I had never been to New York, and was worried about the size of the rooms, but the standard room we had was perfect. We can't wait to go back. If possible, I recommend early November, we got the room for $179/night for four nights. Gig em Aggies.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Almost Perfect First time poster, long time reader. Wanted to take my wife somewhere special for a little getaway. Everyone's helpful and informative posts through Trip Advisor led me to the Sofitel in NYC. A superb hotel that I wouldn't hesitate to visit again. As soon as you walk through the doors, you are greeted with the aroma of fresh cut flowers. The staff is all smiles, willing to do whatever it takes to make sure you are comfortable. The location is perfect. Times Square, Central Park, shopping, and fine dining are all so close that a Taxi isn't even a consideration. The room (King Bed Suite) was spacious, comfortable, and well appointed. The bathroom was enormous. And the bed...Ahhh yes, the bed. Let's just say that the Heavenly Beds that Westin hotels brag about, pale in comparison to the beds here. I don't think I moved from the position I started in all night.The only thing that I was disappointed with was the view from our room. When you book a king bed suite, the description on the web site boasts a Superb City View. Our view was far from superb on floor 5. The hotel did offer to inform us if anything came available, but we never received a call (not that we stayed in our room to wait for one). From other reviews that I've read, it sounds like the majority of the rooms have great views. Just make sure you emphasize that when you check in. I'll do that the next time I visit NYC, because I certainly plan on staying at the Sofitel again.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>aglazer
<Content>A Fantastic Experience All I can do is say what everyone else has said on here. This is a beautiful hotel, in a great location, with a fantastic desk staff. It'll be my first choice of places to stay in NYC from now on.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Elegant Hotel! First time in New York City. Hotel is elegant, staff is very pleasant [New Yorkers seem to be rude else where we went], and the room was great! The room was beautiful, but it does seem smaller than normal hotel rooms. I did sign up for the privilege card. I got the late check out at 4pm without a problem with the card. I did not get chocolates like everyone else says, and I only recieved 1 complientary drink, and it was two of us in the room. No big deal. I was there for my birthday and I did mention it at check-in, along that I needed a high floor room. I was given a high floor room with a wonderful view of the Chrysler Building, but nothing else for the special occasion, no big deal, I ordered a bottle of wine from room service to celebrate and payed the hefty price. Overall it has been the best hotel I have stayed at and I highly recommend it!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>David Finch
<Content>A wonderful stay and DEFINITELY coming back       The Room  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelHI
<Content>A great experience! I stayed at the hotel for 8 nights at the end of July and early August. I based my decision to stay at this hotel by the reviews on this website. I was not disappointed. The staff, including the concierge, were professional, friendly, personable, and very helpful. I received a room upgrade (I was celebrating a marker birthday and this was acknowledged). Before I arrived, I talked with the hotel several times before booking to confirm details. I was pleasantly and efficiently serviced. I also called the concierge a few times asking for advice on what to see and for arranging theatre tickets. The service was personal and efficient. The rooms I had (I moved once from a lower level floor to a higher level floor) were large, clean, and nicely decorated. The marble bathroom, including the large acrylic shower stall, was modern and spacious. The make-up lights on the mirror were fantastic - the best I've ever experienced. The location was superb - just blocks to Times Square, the NY Public Library (try the free tour and use the wonderful reading rooms), Bryant Park (next to the library), the theatre district (what a joy to be able to walk to and from and not have to try and find an after-theatre cab), Central Park.... a great and safe location...By the way, I booked through expedia and got a great rate!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fly121
<Content>Suite at Sofitel The suite we checked into had a balcony and looked out at GE Building and Rockefeller Center. Check and see if you can the Playbill rate. Regular rooms do seem a bit smaller but the suite is worth the price. You know you are in hotel that caters to the French. Excellent location if coming into Grand Central Station, you can walk to Times Square and Central Park.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BroadwayMaven
<Content>Simply the Best First time stay at Sofitel. Our eight night stay more than met our expectations. Reviews on this site have cemented the superiority of the Sofitel and I am confirming the comments. From the moment you walk through the door until you leave the Sofitel is an oasis of calm and beauty. Our room was wonderfully appointed, and quiet. A/C works great and the beds are perfect for a great night's sleep. A wait of no longer than 5 seconds for an elevator (particularly important after many years at the Marriott Marquis whose nightmare elevators ended our stays there). The staff at Sofitel is helpful and tends to your every need. Concierge made several phone calls for us about restaurants in the Village and obtained hours of operation, location, etc. The privilege card is an added bonus and we each enjoyed a complimentary drink in the lovely Gaby lounge. Had lunch and dinner in Gaby restaurant, patio area is fabulous and you feel as if you are dining in a private garden. Service is impeccable at the Sofitel on all counts. The Sofitel is now our Signature Hotel for our trips to NYC. We have already booked two more stays this year. BTW, the Red Flame is definitely a must for a very good breakfast. Location of Sofitel is excellent, you can walk to all local sites and avoid the clamor of Times Square area. A truly joyful experience to stay of the Sofitel.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jandlo
<Content>tops in new york Stayed for three nights and absolutely loved this hotel. have been to nyc a few times before and stayed at other upscale properties. They don't compare to the Sofitel. Great rooms and amenities. Very peaceful, not the typical busy noisy tourist hotel. Great staff, formal but not too stuffy, very willing to please. Concierge was very helpful. I really loved the quiet elegance of this hotel after a long busy day of sightseeing.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Alanake
<Content>Great hotel I can only agree with the previous positive reviews. We've stayed in the Sofitel for 10 night and it was just perfect in every way.The rooms were spacious and very quiet, we never heard any noise coming from the hallway or the other rooms. The bathroom was wonderfull, very clean, large and it was nice to take a relaxing bath (with little candle provided by the hotel) in the evening. The entire hotel is beautifully decorated, very tasteful!The location is suberb, 10mins walk to Times Square, Fifth Av just around the corner, 15mins walk to the Empire State Building, perfect for visiting the city. It was great to walk into the calm lobby after a long day of visiting the city. I've never had to wait for an elevator so it didnt bother me at all that there was no airco in the hallway.We only dined in the hotel once since there are so many great restaurants in NY. For breakfast we went to the Red Flame (at the corner of 6th Av).I'm definitely coming back to this hotel!And as for the concierge: we found Vladimir extremely helpfull and friendly (although not in that typical American over the top way).  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful experience, even with some glitches My wife and I just returned from 4 nights at the Sofitel. We based our decision on the reviews from the TA website, and wanted to be close to Times Square. Our flight was delayed 2 hours, and because of Deltas Frequent Snorer program, sleep was not a possibility on our red-eye. We arrived at JFK at 6:30am, and by the time our cab made it through rush hour, we showed up at the front desk at about 8:00am. My wife (6 months pregnant) was spent. I asked if I could pay a day rate to check in early, and they said the hotel was full that evening. The manager overheard, took one look at my wife, and came over to assist. She found us a room, with a beautiful view of the Chrysler bldg, and offered it at no charge! +1 Sofitel!The room was fine. Very typical size, but very nicely appointed. +2 Sofitel!Delightful bed (we sleep on a tempur-pedic at home) +3, stunning bath room+4. The shower was so good we are now contacting the manf. of the showerhead to have one shipped and retrofitted to ours. +5!!!Location was amazing. So close to TS, but just as easy to the Today show, and then another block or two to 5th Ave shopping. +6Staff was great from them moment we checked in. Very accomidating, and very personal. Always a smile to greet you even when you are walking by. +7.The lobby is stunning, and in general the decor was A++++, +8 Our flight was late afternoon, and a late checkout was no problem. +8.5 Sofitel !!!!Now the glitches...Yes, we got our bottled water about half the time, and if we were in our room during turndown time, the housekeeper never came back, the doorman was a tad preoccupied, and Gaby's was overpriced. Our stay included free breakfast and we only ate there 2 of our 4 days, even though it was free. The juice is $5/glass, and frankly, for $10, the Red Flame breakfast was better, in our opinion. And true, for some reason, the hallway to our room was toasty, yet our room could feel like the southpole if we had the thermostat set below 70. We kept it on automatic 72 and it was pleasant the whole trip. If you think the hallway is hot, try the ice room by the stairs.. wow!I got a kick out of the room service menu, mostly because a Red Bull is $18. I love NYC for stuff like that!All in all... with all the glitches... -1 Sofitel. No big deal! Everything that mattered was perfect. The things that we didn't expect made up for everything else. The hotel, staff and location are incredible, and when we return, we'll stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Karen055
<Content>Well worth the money My teenage son and I stayed at the Sofitel for 7 nights in July 2005. The day after having made and paid for my reservations, I was alarmed to read a couple of negative/so-so reviews of the Sofitel. I had chosen this hotel based on previous reviews, and then these appeared. I am delighted to report that our experience was nothing but positive. Our room was large (for New York), clean and comfortable. The beds and pillows were perfect, and the linens clean and fresh. I usually travel with my pillow because I have such difficulty sleeping with hotel pillows, but had forgotten it this time, so the pillow review is especially meaningful. As mentioned in many other reviews, the bathroom was wonderful. In fact, my son liked it so much I had to remind him at one point that we hadn't come to NY to spend a week in the bathroom taking showers.The service from staff was prompt and courteous. When I mentioned to a front desk clerk that my son had loved the chocolates (sign up for the Sofitel privilege card beforehand!) and was disappointed that they weren't going to be delivered nightly, he saw to it that more were sent up that night (at no charge). On our first night there I heard a high-pitched sound coming from the A/C vent, and knowing I wouldn't be able to sleep with that going, I called the front desk to complain. Within 5 minutes a custodian came to the room and quickly fixed it. So much for my hopes of being upgraded to a suite! We did not use the conceriege service, so I cannot comment on that, but whatever service we did need was provided with a smile. The location of the hotel is excellent for access to everything, either by walking, subway, bus, or taxi. For breakfast we liked the nearby Cafe Europa (5th Ave.) and Cafe Manhattan (W. 45th St.). Yes, the hallway outside the elevators on the floor (17th) was not air conditioned, but on the other hand, we never had to wait more than 30 seconds for an elevator. All in all, I think the hotel is a superior choice. It is a 4-star, so those expecting 5-star ameneties may be disappointed, but we definitely were not. And, by the way, I do not work for Sofitel and am in no way connected with the chain.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Beds Stayed at Sofitel July 29-31 with my wife. The best beds we have ever slept in. Never woke up in the night and always slept right through to the wake up call. Hotel is very clean. Wonderful bathrooms where you can listen to the TV through bathroom speakers. Turndown service is nice...they leave you two complimentary Evian bottles each night. We had queen size bed and it was fine. Other couple we were with was upgraded for free to King Size bed and a bit bigger room. We would definately stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tnghi121
<Content>A must stay and must come back         
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RichardS404
<Content>Good, but far from Wow My girlfriend and I stayed at Sofitel on July 23rd and 24th during a quick little getaway to NYC. Most personnel were quite friendly and accomodating, the lobby is quite nice, and I appreciated the free internet room off the lobby. One very annoying detail was the Lack of Air Conditioning In The Hotel Hallway! If I am being naive, please tell me, but I have travelled all over the world and stayed in a great many hotels. Never have I paid $300 and had to sweat while waiting for the elevator - NYC was in the mid-90's during our stay. Bizarre, but the couple from Boca in the room next door (who apparently paid close to $600 for a room that was just a tad larger) were neither shocked nor put off by this. Whatever. Workout room is decent, no pool, no jacuzzi, no sauna. Concierge is a passive aggressive guy who does things sequentially and slowly. Bell staff were quite nice. large stain in carpet in the room (pretty unacceptable even to rent a room with this problem, I feel, but the bell guy offered us another room, which we declined. bathroom clean, room otherwise pretty nice, but small. I did use my privelige card and got a 4pm checkout, as well as a small box of chocolates and 2 bottles of evian - nobody said anything about the free drink at the bar, which is promised, and I didn't ask. I was told by the older couple that I got a great deal (259 I think, plus a boatload of tax), and I guess I did okay. I like being wowed, though. Maybe you can't do that in New York for these prices, however.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RJS&Gale
<Content>Best on Street One block from Broadway on 44th street, next to Iroquois and Algonquin where we stayed on previous trips. Rooms are nicely decorated, good sized with a large bathroom, and generally lower prices than the others. Three couples traveled together and paid three different prices ($229, $259 and $279) for the same room. Great lobby to wait for that one couple who is always late. Staff nice and very helpful. If you get the lower price, it is a best buy for the area, but better rooms regardless.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>enn25
<Content>Well worth the money My husband and I stayed at Sofitel for our 10th anniversary and we were extremely satisfied with the hotel. After reading some of the not-so-hot recent reviews, we were worried. Not to worry...everything was perfect with Sofitel. Before we arrived, we asked for early check-in and a high-floor room. When we arrived at noon, a room on the 22nd floor was waiting for us. However, because there were no Executive King Suites at the time we booked directly with the hotel, we asked if they had any cancellations since our booking and if so, could we upgrade to one from our Premier Queen room. They found a King on the 20th floor that we had to wait for but we didn't mind since it would be free of charge. We later found out that they had moved us without a fuss, even though they had already set up champagne and chocolate-covered strawberries in the first room. The champagne was a nice touch from the hotel and the strawberries were sent from a friend.When we got into our room, we had a nice view to the side of the Chrysler Building and could see part of the top of the Empire State Builidng. The room was nicely decorated, not too modern and none of the furniture was shabby (as one past reviewer mentioned). The room was fairly big for a hotel room in a big city and the carpet looked and felt clean even walking on it barefooted. Strangely though, the room was not a suite even though the bed was a king bed. We had assumed that it would be a suite with it's own sitting room since a past reviewer had mentioned that the only way to get a king bed was to book a suite. I don't think that's the case now. The bed was absolutely comfortable!!! I like firm beds and my husband likes softer beds. For some reason, we BOTH had no problems sleeping in comfort on this bed. The spacious bathroom was extremely clean, with the marble floor so clean that I didn't feel like I had to lay down towels or use slippers while standing bare footed. There is a separate bathtub and a separate shower which is nice since you don't have to step over the side of a tub to get into the shower. The water pressure was adequate and the toiletries they had were nice enough. I would recommend you bring your own hair conditioner if you use it regularly to get out tangles. The hair conditioner they provided never did the trick. The lighting was great in the bathroom, especially with the lights surrounding the entire mirror...great for when you were putting on your make-up or shaving. Unlike a previous reviewer, our air conditioning for the room worked extremely well and was a blessing when we would come back after a day of sightseeing in the heat and humidity. Oddly though, we noticed that the hotel cools the lobby areas nicely but only cooled the hallway of our floor at a minimum. The lobby area was so nicely cooled that you could sit there for hours. Plus, Sofitel provides guests with access to three computers and a printer 24 hours a day in their lobby. This was wonderful for getting Broadway tickets at the last minute (sign up for free membership to Playbill and you'll get discounts or check Craigslist for last minute tickets) and for checking in and printing out your airline boarding pass the night before you depart.For the $289 a night we paid, we were extremely happy with Sofitel. We've stayed in much worse for the price. The hotel is in great shape and it truly is within walking distance to everything...2 blocks to Time Square and the theaters and 3 blocks the opposite direction to Grand Central Station where you can take the subway to all tourist areas. It's even easier to hail a cab from Sofitel than say if you stayed at a busier hotel in or closer to Time Square where you have to compete with others for a taxi at busy commute times. P.S. Try to get Broadway tickets to Spamalot...it was costly but SOOO worth it. Also, do NOT buy the New York City Pass which offers admission for several museums and attractions for one price for a set number of days. We barely recovered the money we spent for the passes because you just couldn't do too much with the lines and the crowds. The pass claims that you get to bypass the ticket lines at some of the attractions. True, you don't have to wait in the TICKET lines at some places but you will have to wait in the line for those people like you who purchased the pass. These lines were almost as long as the ticket lines! For example, we could have used the computer kiosks (no lines) for purchasing admission tickets at the Museum of Natural History but since it was covered in our pass, we waited in a long line. And at the Empire State Building, we had to wait in line with everyone who was buying tickets. If we didn't have the pass, we could have spent a little more money and purchased Express tickets that allowed you to bypass all the lines or move to the front of the lines (i.e., security check).  
<Date>Jul 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DonnaMark
<Content>Fine Hotel First time visitors to NYC for a romantic fling, my wife and I booked the Sofitel based on reviews from this site. Not disappointed at all. Great location in the center of everything, especially busy Times Square. But once inside the front door, quiet beauty surrounds you. All staff seemed friendly (but we had no issues or special requests). Room was smallish. Bathroom was best ever - esp. the shower and the surrounding marble. Red Flame, a few doors toward TS + the only real option for breakfast, was delicious, fast, and coffee cups constantly filled. Helpful to us could have been info re: best was to get Broadway tix, tours, recommended deli's, nearby sites (Bryant Park is a jewel and only two blocks away), etc. Would we stay at Sofitel again? Yes!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Jugdish
<Content>Great, Service, Great Room, Great Choice This hotel is definetly worthy of the rave reviews. The location is fantastic, easy to get everywhere, but not in the middle of chaos. The rooms are nicely decorated, not gaudy and not overly modern. The bathroom is above what I expected with a separate marble shower and tub and a marble top sink. However, I will say this is what I expect in a hotel in this price range ($250+/night). Front desk was extremely accomodating in giving us a room with a view of the chrysler building when asked. Worth noting, however, is not all rooms are outfitted with feather beds and down comforters as noted in other reviews. All suites and King rooms have them, but only scattered queen rooms do. Our first room had a normal hotel polyester bed setup, not what I would expect for this price, so I called the front desk and they came and changed our linens, no questions asked. Overall a great place to stay.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Almost perfect.       bathroom  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Finicky_one
<Content>Sofitel was a good choice ! We stayed at the Sofitel for one night 7/16. I think we made the right choice.This is one of those places that will not wow you with any one thing but it's a very subtle, understated, sleek, classy non-toursity hotel. We had a Delux queen room. The room was very clean - loved the bathroom - all granite and shower is great. You can even listen to the tv while you are in the bathroom - they have speakers - nice touch. The bed was comfortable too. The staff is very polite and helpful. This was our first time at this hotel. We requested an early check-in and late check-out. When we got there at 12 noon, the room was ready but since we requested higher floor, we said we would wait. 2 pm check out was arranged - no questions asked. The concierge (both) were very helpful in recommending restaurants, making and even canceling the reservations. The location is very good - easy access to all the restaurants, shopping etc - walking distance - just take comfortable shoes - my girlfriend didnt and she had blisters on her feet. Good overall experience - decent value for money - we pd $259 for our room - not bad since its NYC theater district ! I guess I am rating it as 4 stars coz we were on the other side so we didn't have a view of the Chrysler building - GE bldg is not bad to look at but still, it ain't no Chrysler ! :)Jay HRichmond, VA  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Bathrooms, Everything Else was Just Average My husband and I stayed at this hotel in the middle of June for 2 nights. When we checked in the staff was very nice and reminded us to use the priviledge card because we definitley forgot. When we got to our room it was very impressive.........lacked a little character but it was very clean. The bed was sooooooo low and small I didn't notice this until I got up close. Be sure to put the extra lock on your door because house keeping just tried to walk in on us the first morning there (without knocking) she apologized and we said no problem. The second day it happened twice (this time with just 1 knock!)......the apologies started getting old by then. We had priviledge card so check out was supposed to be at 4pm but someone from the front desk showed up at our door questioning us about it and when we told him we had the card he said that we were supposed to notify the front desk ( remind you the front desk reminded us to use our card and we DID). I explained to him that we showed our card at front desk and he said okay...........no apologies for the inconvenience. I would not stay here again. Sooooo not worth the $350.00 a night.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>boo2ting
<Content>Above and beyond We stayed at the Sofitel for two nights and experienced incredible service. Having booked a premier Queen room, we were upgraded to a deluxe King room. I had emailed ahead of time to let them know that it was a special occasion (husband's first art opening in NYC), and that we would be arriving at 8am on a redeye. In my email I asked to store our luggage upon arrival, and if possible (it was a longshot) to check in early. To our surprise, when we arrived at the hotel at 8am as planned, they had the upgraded room ready for us! And they didn't charge us for an extra night, as is usually the case when you check in that early. We took a nice luxurious nap in the extremely comfy King size bed before heading out into the city later that day. Our entire stay was wonderful, the food at Gaby's is very good (if pricey) and the location is right in the heart of Times Square. We have stayed at four-star hotels in NYC several times, and have never received such warm and generous service. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to NYC.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>lovely NYC stay I stayed in the Sofitel New York with my husband and 4 year old daughter in a suite and had a very enjoyable visit. The room had a seperate sitting room and tv's in both areas which could be closed off from one another. We had a king size bed which was very comfortable and the bathroom was marble with upscale tioletries, robes, candles and flowers. Our room also had a lovely view of the Chrysler Building which was quite beautiful at night.The location is central and easy walking distance to Times Square, Central Park, Grand Central Station etc.... even for our 4 year old daughter. The staff were especially polite and room service (at least for breakfast) was excellent with large portions. We registered for a Sofitel privelege card prior to our stay which offered perks such as late check-out and free drinks on arrival. We will definitely stay in this hotel again on our next trip to NYC.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>spiffdeb
<Content>Always a great experience I almost always stay at the Sofitel when I am in NYC. It is well-maintained, the rooms are pretty good size by NY standards and the service is efficient and polite. I like the vibe here. It is not touristy - lots of repeat visitors and business travelers (like me) stay here. The bathrooms in particular are really nice. The lighted closets are a great touch. The beds are very comfortable as well. The property is well-maintained. The Roger  Galliet bath accessories are also very nice. The Sofitel is a great hotel for the price! I have the opportunity to stay at many upscale and boutique hotels and I like the Sofitel almost as well as any of them for a whole lot less money! If you want the all-out experience and don't mind paying for it then you should definitely go to the Four Seasons. If you want the same vibe and to save a few $$, check out the Sofitel.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Average Had read all the good reviews on this site which is why we booked the Sofitel - these people obviously did not stay in the same hotel as we did. Only consistency is that I noted that other people had talked about blocked toliets and airconditioning going out which both happened to us. The rooms were so very boring and our non-smoking room had old tobacco smells in it, all in all a very unimpressive hotel.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Their rating is suspect. Hotel Sofitel On June 6-7 the power and water went out for 24 hours they did nothing to help except give us one 11 oz. bottle of water. Since they were the only building effected they could have done something. All they did was what other reviews say they have done in the past. Say we'll get back to you and then never do it. I have a letter from Sofitel admitting to their problem so if it is proof that is needed I'll be glad to furnish it. I saw a June 7 th post saying all was great, what gives?  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>acceptable but nothing special We stayed for 5 nights in June 2005 and whilst the hotel was OK, I cannot work out why it is hyped up by so many people on this website. The rooms are a reasonable size with nice bathrooms. The staff are friendly, though the dinner recommendation from the concierge the first night was so poor I can only assume she was on commission. We had no major complaints and felt the hotel was quite adequate, but far from memorable and lacking in any character. We will not bother returning.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>RandywakemanIII
<Content>Best I've ever stayed at! The Staff, the location, the rooms, the ambience and just the alround quality left me thinking that although this is a 4 star and I have stopped at a few 5's this tops the lot.I would recommend like others did on this site that you pay your money and get booked in, it'll make your New York trip even better.Grand Central is walking distance.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love This Hotel! Just got back from a weekend at the Sofitel and it was wonderful! Being a New Yorker myself I know how overpriced most of the hotels in Manhattan can be and half the time they are nothing to brag about. Sofitel delivers everything they stand for. A big issue for me is cleanliness and the room was exceptionally clean. The lobby is beautiful and everytime you walk in there is a wonderful scent of fresh flowers - not overpowering - just right.It's a great hotel to stay in coupled with the price. I got the best deal on their website. Try it - you will love it!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>enmsmommy
<Content>Excellent!!!!!! Will Return! After reading the reviews about the Sofitel we decided to stay there and I am glad we did. We stayed at the Sofitel the first week on June on the 25th floor. We originally were on the 14th floor but asked to get a higher floor and did! I stayed here with my husband, 3 year old son and baby daughter. I cannot say enough good things about this hotel.1. The location is great. Close to Times Square and you can walk to Central park in 20 minutes.2. The rooms are great. They were roomy. We had four people in ours! The linens are nice and the robes and slippers add a nice touch. The bathroom is wonderful. I loved all the Roger  Gallet soaps and the orchid and candle was a nice touch. We had a wonderful view of the Crysler building.3. The staff is wonderful. We were greated with smiles and courtesy. Everytime I saw a staff member, they were always smiling. They were very friendly and helpful. My son had an accident in the bathroom, he slipped in the shower and cut his head. They called an ambulance and made every effort to make sure that my son was okay. (He is fine) The manager and concierge bought him a little monkey.4. Room Service was very good. We had breakfast. Yes it was pricey, but we enjoyed ourselves.5. The hotel itself was very well kept. The lobby was quiet and the fixtures  furniture had a relaxing feel to them.Next time I am in New York I will be staying here. Look no further for a hotel in NYC. This is IT!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awsome This is a truly awsome hotel, we satyed for 4 nights on the 12th floor. We did although get charged for items which we had not recived or used so be careful with the minibar. We also had to ask for more gowns and slippers as there was only one set for a two bed room. very clean and the turndown service with bottles of water is great. check for the folded toilet roll too it always briongs a chuckle. English beware this is a french hotel and although new york is american there is a language thing which can sometimes get frustrating. espically when tryinmg to book broadway shows. There is also a good diner down 44th called the red flame best place for breakfasts. A great hotel with good views in a great location to 5th avenue and time square. highly recomended.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>wise2374
<Content>Elegant and lovely European style hotel My wife and I just celebrated our fifth wedding anniversary at the Sofitel. Unlike a previous reviewer, we did receive acknowledgement and some special treatment, with an upgrade to a suite on a high floor. We were staying on a Saturday night, however, and it's likely there was plenty of availability.The hotel has elegant and sleek public spaces, with a very nice lobby and front desk area. It certainly has a European/French feel to it, with French TV channels and everything written in both English and French. Our suite was well-apportioned, with terrific fixtures, including an incredibly cozy and handsome bed, and gorgeous bathroom and shower area. Otherwise, I'd call the rest of the room understatedly elegant and modern, with handsome fixtures all around.I like the location in that it isn't in the heart of Times Square, but was an easy walk to it, and is also convenient to the Theater District. Because the hotel is further east of both of those areas, it's got a touch less hustle and bustle, and just feels like a less touristed area. Don't get me wrong - it's still midtown New York City, but being a few blocks east of those other areas make it a more relaxed setting. Plus, catching a taxi down Fifth is an easy shot to Greenwich Village which, given the NYC traffic patterns, is nice.Because I live in NYC, I don't stay in New York hotels much, it's hard to compare the Sofitel to the nicer hotels here. But relative to the upscale business hotels I normally stay in in other cities, this is really a lovely hotel, and I do recommend it. You just can't go wrong with a place this nice.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fotocoquine
<Content>Upscale hotel in convenient location My husband and I just celebrated our 20th anniversary at the Sofitel. The rooms were immaculate and comfortable with an elegant bathroom stocked with great products. Towels were changed twice daily. The room was quiet from street noise and we did not hear noise from neighboring rooms, but we were awakened by loud people in the hallway at 2am. Though not the hotel's fault, consideration would have been nice.I asked if there were any rooms with views, but we were given a room on the 21st floor overlooking 44st Street (no real view). I don't know if they had control over that, but I didn't feel that they put in any special effort, given the fact that we told them months in advance when we reserved that it was an anniversary. Maybe it is too large a hotel for that kind of attention to detail, as I've seen in smaller hotels.The concierge was very helpful, as was the doorman who hailed a cab for us in the rain. After our dinner, we walked back to the hotel from the Village, which was fun.Sunday morning, the Puerto Rican parade originated in front of the hotel. It was interesting to see the floats up close, and we didn't have trouble leaving the city that afternoon (as I expected when I saw the crowds!) The Red Flame diner was a quick and inexpensive breakfast. We had an easy walk up to MoMA.We signed up for the privilege card and took advantage of the late check out which was very convenient. That alone makes it worthwhile. No one mentioned a free drink at the bar, so we didn't take advantage of that. I had obtained a good rate through a Playbill offer, but when I went to check out, I was charged the wrong rate. After some time they corrected it, but did not apologize. I would stay here again, because it was very convenient and well-maintained.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>symmie
<Content>The Sofitel.....The Best My husband and I just returned from 4 days in NYC staying at the Sofitel. Words cannot describe how thrilled we were with the hotel services and our executive king room. We had requested and given an early check-in (10:00 a.m.) and from then on everything was perfect. Our suite, on the 26th floor, was spotless, spacious, quiet and luxurious. We normally stay in a suite but the Sofitel's was above expectation. Very expensive, but worth it. After a hectic day, it was so nice to walk two blocks from the busy Times Square streets to the quiet, out of the way, hotel. I originally was booked at the Marriott Marquis, basically because of the location, but after reading all the reviews determined that the Sofitel would be an ideal location for two people wanting peace and quiet after a busy day. Quiet it was! Only on one occasion did we see a housekeeper and never saw another guest on our floor, although the hotel was booked. There were only 8 rooms on our floor and no door noise, kids running down halls, no elevator noise, etc. Just tranquility! We felt as if we were a zone away from a very busy world. Housekeeping seemed to always know when we were out of our room, for both morning service and turn down service. I highly recommend spending the extra money for a stay at this hotel. Also, in a cornor suite, the views from both very large floor to ceiling windows were spectacular. Gaby's bar is a great place to wind down with a before dinner drink. Food was good at the restaurant although we only had dinner there on one occasion. GREAT HOTEL....!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay at the Sofitel We chose our hotel in N.Y. according to the reviews at Tripadvisor,and we weren't disappointed. The hotel couldn't be in a better location,and the staff couldn't be nicer. The room was lovely and I would highly recommend it to anyone. I plan to return in October.Thankyou to all those who take the time to post a review and make the chore of chosing a hotel a little easier!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kanu
<Content>Excellent Hotel Just returned from five nights in the Sofitel. Our suite was excellent, everything in a room you could wish for. The staff were very helpful and courtious, very professional. The hotel bar was very stylish and quiet, only disappointment was, that the toilets were on the ground floor. The bar men were very helpful and informative. We did have room service, and I have to say the food and service was fantastic. We did try the Red Flame Diner on our first morning, it was ok, I preferred the choice at the Europa Cafe for breakfast, which was on 5th Ave to your right. I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mattt9999
<Content>Fantastic Hotel From the moment we got to the Hotel til we left we loved this Hotel!This was a surprise trip for my wife to celebrate our 4th wedding anniversary and our first visit to the USA so I wanted it to be good.We arrived early but reception was very helpful sent us to the bar for drinks and 2 glasses of champagne arrived quickly (worth getting the card for this). The room we had on the 17th floor was very nice and big and we had a great view of the ESB from it. The room was very quiet and had we think the best bed we have slept in.The bathroom was great plenty of room with a nice big shower and bath.The location for was excellent just a few minutes walk to Broadway and Times square. Nice little place for breakfast just a few doors down called the red Flame.When we booked in we requested a late check out which as with everything was not a problem.Overall we would recommend this hotel and can not wait to get back.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent hotel stayed here for 3 nights after a 5 night stay in las vegas. I would have to say that this hotel was excellent. The service for me couldnt be faulted the doorman, concierage, reception staff and bar staff were all friendly and very helpful. the red flame diner is great for breakfast and there is also a good french restaurant further down the street for a late dinner (recommended by doorman). I thought the hotel bar was also great from my perspective, its a very art deco, relaxing bar with great cocktails, its not a party bar but for me and my wife it was perfect for quiet conversations at the start or end of an evening. Definately a hotel i would go back to  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hilaryg
<Content>Just OK Hotel is very nice. BUT- when we checked out the rate they charged us was not the rate we had been quoted. When I told the guy at the desk, it was corrected, but there was no apology given. For these prices this is not acceptable.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overated but you get a good nights sleep My partner and I stayed at the end of April in this hotel. The hotel is situated in a good location, especially for Broadway and Times Square.The hotel has an impressive exterior and a beautiful eleganty designed entrance hall.The reception staff were very helpful and courteous during our stay.Our room was fairly high up with an unpleasant view of an avenue, but in New York you're only in your room to sleep and we got our best sleep ever staying here.The room was on the small side for New York but the bed was one of the best we have tried , and we have tried alot of beds! The bathroom was lovely and the shower was great for shower voyeurs. It was sort of fixed to the end of the bath, so that if you had a bath you could watch your partner shower. Those that have been will know what I mean.Hotel facilities are what you would expect for a New York Hotel of this standard but the toiletries were nothing special.We went to the Red Diner next door and found it filled a hole, however we found nicer places than this for our Breakfast.New York is excellent and we will definitely go again. We highly recommend the Comedy Cellar for a great night out, Central Park - the squirrels are so tame, Brooklyn Bridge and Brooklyn for the sunset view of Manhatten.We enjoyed our stay at the Sofitel and anyone who stays there will have a pleasant time, but we find it hard to believe that it is No 1 in New York.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>PEDIATRIX
<Content>fabulous hotel my wife and I just stayed here onw week ago and we had a suite which was beautiful and very quiet.we will certainly return.I felt the staff was great as was the food both in the room and in the restaurant.also we had fun in the bar.it would appear that it is a great choice for the value  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ckerr
<Content>Warning This is a warning to travellers like me who have read the effusive reviews of SofitelNYC on Tripadvisor.com, this hotel is nothing special and there many other hotels in this city that offer better value, like W Tuscany who have similar rates. The service is undeniably friendly yet barely competent, the property is reasonalby well maintained though lacks any flair.In short staying at Sofitel has not been a disater but has no wow factor  
<Date>May 26, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Carriuni
<Content>Excellent...       View from our room - cool eh!?  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Schmaltzy
<Content>The Sofitel really deserves to be the top hotel in New York. We stayed at the Sofitel May 12 - May 19 for 7 nights in a deluxe room. I did a lot of research before I chose my hotel as I wanted somewhere really romantic and special. Tripadvisor reviews helped me choose the Sofitel and I don't regret it. I passed a lot of other top hotels while in New York and they certainly did not look nearly as nice.I highly recommend the Sofitel hotel and here's why:-The rooms are beautifully decorated, romantic and luxurious. The rooms still feel very new (which may be unusual in New York). The rooms were certainly large enough and I cannot see any need for a suite. We had plenty of storage areas for both our clothes. The beds are also very comfy. I would have put some photos on but they are identical to the ones already available and identical to the photos on the Sofitel website.-I booked a deluxe room (one with a view). The view was well worth the extra money. We had a view of the Chrysler building, which when lit up at night is beautiful. On a couple of evenings we ordered room service, dimmed the lights, opened the curtain and put on some romantic music. This was probably the most romantic meal to be had in the whole of New York.-The marble bathroom (with shower and bath) is everything you would expect of a top hotel. The shower is hot and powerful and I found it very relaxing after a day traipsing around New York.-The staff are extremely attentive, prompt, friendly and polite. The door staff were always on hand opening doors and getting cabs. Whenever I called room service or any other staff someone arrived very promptly. Maid service is very good and twice a day.-Location is good (20 minutes to Central Park, 2 mins Time Square and 10minutes from nearly every shop). That said, my ideal location would be nearer central park and not so near Time Square. -The lobby and gym look wonderful.-You cannot hear any other rooms or outside from the rooms in the Sofitel. Again I think this is unusual in New York.Other points:-I arranged a Sofitel card before I arrived and so I got a late check out (although I had to ask twice).-If you want a high floor (some room prices are not for a high floor so I don't think you will get one) ask for one, I asked for the 27th floor and got it.-Room service is 24 hours which is very handy when you are too exhausted to leave the room. The food is nice.-As with many Tripadvisors mentioned, the Red Flame Diner next door offers a very good breakfast.-For anyone worried about snobbery, don't... we were young AND in jeans all week and were treated very nicely!-Traveller's tip: book the tour of the statue of liberty (to go inside) in advance otherwise even if you turn up early you may only be able to visit the island.-Traveller's tip: If you are a foreign visitor in Macy's go to the visitor's centre on the 1st floor for an 11% discount card.Drawbacks:-Its not cheap so book early and use the internet to reduce the cost.-For some reason there was an occasional noise in our room, possibly the air con. It didn't really bother me, but I guess it could be a draw back.-The hotel is not really a social place with a lively bar, so if you need somewhere like that I hear that the Hudson is better.-There is very slight wear and tear in the rooms, again I think it is probably far better than any other older hotels (the Sofitel is only 5 years old).Overall I would rate this hotel as luxurious with excellent service and staff and beautiful rooms.  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>clean, nice, comfortable My husband and I chose Sofitel for a weekend getaway, based on reviews from this site. We were not disappointed. Rooms are very clean and comfortable. We used to live in NYC so we weren't looking for a lobby scene or a big fancy hotel, nor did we take advantage of the concierge. However, we did want something upscale, comfortable, clean and convenient. Sofitel was perfect.  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent We stayed in this hotel for only one night, but it was excellent. The hotel room is quite big and the bathroom great: a great separate shower cabin and bathtub. The bed is soft and luscious, the only downside being that it is also somewhat springy - i.e., if you move a lot during your sleep, your bedpartner will bounce along with you.Location is great, walking distance from Grand Central station, right between 6th and 5th on W 44th st. Helpful and courteous staff.  
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>WI-Couple
<Content>Great location, great hotel Just got back yesterday from a stay at the Sofitel. It's in a great location, about 2-3 blocks off Times Square. It was my first time in NYC so I wanted to be close to a recognizable place.The staff was very welcoming. We showed up at 9am and they already had our room ready, also helped us find our way to the subway and called a cab when we needed it. Fresh flower bud in our bathroom and towels delivered twice daily with nightly turndown. View could have been a bit better but I had asked for a regular room, the higher priced probably have better views. Only thing missing was a pool, but this is primarily a business hotel so not altogether surprising. All in all just a great hotel, nothing exemplary happened, but sometimes it's having exactly what you expect that's most comforting.I was also attending a seminar for work and found that most people had stayed elsewhere, with less luck than myself. We also stayed one night at the Skyline before coming here, which I'll review shortly.  
<Date>May 12, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sofitel visit met expectations My wife and I booked Sofitel through Expedia and enjoyed our 3-d stay. Impeccably clean, deco-type rooms with nice illumination around the bathroom mirror, and a great shaviing mirror. The size was certainly adequate for a hotel room in NYC (we have stayed in rooms at other hotels that more approximated closets). Having booked through Expedia, we were not eligible for the continental breakfast , and, warned ahead of time, we avoided the restaurant, which was pricey, and made good use of the Red Lion Cafe mid-way down the street. The small knob on the bathroom door fell off but was replaced. We stored a small container of milk in the Frigo-Bar (as they are called in Gemany), and just displacing an item caused it to be billed; on complaint, the charge was removed and a refrigerator was then brought in for our needs during the stay. This was all gratis, as were the little slippers supplied. The only thing we missed was a Bible in the room, which, we were told by a clerk at check-out, is offensive to some people (of course its absence could equally be offensive), but we were assured that they were available for anyone requesting them. A small complaint is that I could succeed, even with help from the hotel operator, in placing a local call (no problem for long distance!).The hotel, is, as far as we could see, in almost every way, first class. The wonderfully quiet room, convenient location, and excellent service make it well-worth its cost.  
<Date>May 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hjdklhsrijeua
<Content>Great!!!! Just returned from the Sofitel and I can not recommend this hotel enough. Its in a great location which allows you to walk almost anywhere. The rooms were really clean and well worth the money. I stayed in the Larger rooms on the higher floors which were great as you got a proper sitting area as well as your bedroom. The Bathrooms are really nice with a seperate shower. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. There's a diner just down the road called the red flame, very reasonably priced - good for breakfasts! The staff at the hotel were always willing to help and very friendly.If anyone wants to go to the theatre do not purchase tickets before hand. There's a kiosk in times square and they sell tickets for the day at a 50% discount. We went on the day we wanted to see the show at 4pm (show was at 8pm) there were hardly any queues and got brillant seats for half price.A must go to restaurant for steak lovers is Smiths  Wollensky's. Making a reservation is advised as they are so busy but the food was great!Anyone that stays at the sofitel will not be dissapointed we had a terrific stay and I'm sure you will too  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sleepy but Happy at Sofitel We stayed at the Sofitel for four nights in early March while doing the NYC tourist thing. The location is great - within walking distance of lots of the museums and attractions. We walked everywhere.The exterior of the hotel isn't too impressive, but the lobby and check in area are polished and chic. Marble floors, plush chairs, fireplaces... you get the picture. The staff was polite, friendly and professional. We had a very early flight into NYC andthe front desk allowed us to check in early, making two tired travellers very happy.  Our room was clean, clean, clean, which I loved. It did smell a little detergent-y when we arrived. It got better with time - or maybe I got used to the sanitized scent.The beds are not big (queen-size), but the bathroom was amazing - all marble, great lighting (I swear, I've never looked that good!), a big glass shower and a nice-sized bathtub. Our room was a bit small yet comfortable. The decor was subdued - very modern and sleek. The only item I missed was a plush comforter. The bed had only a thick bedspread that was a little too unwieldy for sleeping.We stayed on the 27th floor and I would suggest requesting a higher floor. There was very little street noise and the walls were thick enough we never once heard our neighbors.All in all, we liked the Sofitel - a lot. We'd happily stay there again.  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rated highly for a reason Based on other reviews on the TripAdvisor site, I booked a stay at the NYC Sofitel for March 2005. Just 3 blocks from Times Square and the heart of the Theatre District, the hotel is in a wonderful location. Also on the block are the Red Flame Diner, a quintessential New York diner with comfort food at good prices, and the Times Deli, a great stop for a take-back-to-the-room sandwich or a muffin for breakfast. (The lemon cake is superb!) But I digress - back to the hotel. The room was a bit larger than most NYC hotels that I have stayed at, and was clean and nicely appointed. The bathroom was enormous, with a wonderful walk-in shower and separate tub. Very nice. The hotel seemed quiet, with no room-to-room noise. I also appreciated the ice machine on every floor. The staff was attentive but unobtrusive, and I would stay here again with pleasure, if I could again find a rate more reasonable than the rack rate quoted on their website.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>5	2	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>alvarki
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in April 2005. It was very nice and comfortable. In the past I have stayed at the Waldorf, the Plaza and the NY Palace. I did not care for the decor (or how OLD everything was) at the Waldof or the Plaza and I would say this is very comparable to the NY Palace - which I love. It is not the same high standard of quality and elegance as the Four Seasons or the Peninsula - but then again - the price isn't as high either! It is a very nice hotel - at an average NY price. As in previous posts - I enjoyed the little things (candle, real flowers in the room, complimentary Evian, turn-down service, slippers, and the quality bath products) and the room size was average.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel Recently returned from an excellent trip to New York, where on the recommendation of other trip-advisor travellers, I chose a suite at the Sofitel. I was not disappointed by the 28th floor views of both the Empire State and Chrysler Buildings, nor in the room which was big enough for the two of us (I took a friend for his first trip to New York). The only slight disappointment was that the rooms were a little too typical; I had expected a little more individualism, but that said, they were very comfortable and immaculately presented. The bathroom was great with a large shower cubicle and seperate bath. The bed was huge and very comfortable indeed.The staff were polite and very helpful - the concierge in particular could always sort things out as needed, be it reservations or advice.The location is great too and it's very easy to get around the city from here on foot, subway or taxi.I highly recommend the hotel and suggest you search for deals through this site as I got a great price that way.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply the best, le meilleur       Lobby salon  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Goagirl
<Content>One of the nicest hotels I have stayed in I have just returned from a three night stay at this hotel with my husband and we loved it. The hotel is in a great location within a couple of minutes walking distance from 5th Ave and Times Square although on a quiet street. We arrived early at midday and were given a room straight away. It didn't have a view, but we didn't mind as it was so quiet. At night, the heavy curtains cut out the light and there was no street noise whatoever. It was a large room with quality furnishings and linens, and the bathroom was a delight with lots of marble and top quality toiletries which were replenished daily.The turn-down sevice was treat, and towels were changed twice daily. We had signed up for the Sofitel priviledge card before we left and so we were given a complimentray glass of champagne in the hotel bar and had a late check out of 4pm. The staff went out of their way to be friendly and helpful. I would definitley stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Service - Average Beds The Sofitel is a wonderful place to stay unless a really comfortable bed is important to you. Their beds are just average, their pillows below average. The sheets are 100% cotton, but the blankets are velux (yuk) and the duvet is polyester. PLUSES:-Wonderful location - close to Fifth Avenue and the Theatre District.-Fantastic bathroom, marble, glass, soaking tub, separate shower, large luxurious towels and robes. Bath products are Roger  Gallet, slippers are provided.-Service is fast, very friendly and gracious. We were shown three different suites until we found the one we liked.-Tall windows that open at the bottom. Great views available on the higher floors.MINUSES:-Beds are not that comfortable. Too bad because everything else at the hotel is very high quality.-In order to get a king bed you have to get a suite. -No drawers for clothing. You have to use shelves and a very small closet.One tip - go to the Sofitel website and get a free Accor Privilege Card. This entitles you to a free drink per person, chocolate, Evian and 4:00 pm checkout.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>superb sofitel My family stayed here over Easter weekend.I booked it having read the great reviews and the fact that it was trip advisors No.1.Everything was excellent- Staff,bedrooms,quality of linens,little extras and particularly the view of the Empire State Building from our room on the 21st floor.!We did not eat there (felt $25 for breakfast was not worth it),and the recommended Red Flame Diner along the street was excellent,even if the plastic red chairs initially put me off.The position of the hotel for sight seeing could not be beaten.We would recommend it whole heartedly and would definatley stay again in future.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>avrooster
<Content>Highway robbery I chose the Sofitel for my recent stay in New York, based on its Trip Advisor popularity.The hotel is new and the accomodations are pretty good. The staff was always pleasant, but not THAT efficient.But several things were not as good as I would have expected.Even though the bathroom was beautiful, the sink was cracked and THE SHOWER DID NOT DRAIN PROPERLY.Their TV e-mail was slow and not user-friendly.But the really unforgivable part was their phone system. They charged me $15,46 for a one minute call to Argentina (probably several hundred times their cost) and they also tried to charge me for several calls that had not been completed.To make things worse, their phone system is set up so that I was unable to use a toll-free phone card I had. I got a busy signal every time I tried and wasted a lot of time trying. I stepped outside to a pay phone and got through immediately.That is why my review is titled Highway robbery.If I go to New York again, I will try another hotel.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>WarrenBer
<Content>Disappointing and not what NYC is all about After reading all the great reviews here, I decided to give the Sofitel a try. I travel to NYC every 2 months and have always stayed at Starwood Hotels (Westin, W). They are roughly the same price which makes them a good base to compare against. The first thing I noticed about the Sofitel is that it is looking quite shabby in parts. Something you do not expect from a hotel which is only a few years old. I had a suite on the 29th floor which was a nice size and pleasantly furnished, but only had enough cupboard space for one person. One of us had to leave our clothes in the suitcase. Not what you would expect from a suite. The bathrooms and beds are very nice, but do not compare to the Westin's heavenly bed and shower. The products in the bathroom are great, but the staff are very slow to replace them. I cannot really falter the rooms, but then I also cannot find anything about them to really rave about.My biggest disappointment with the Sofitel is that it has no ENERGY. New York City is all about energy and the hotel was completely dead over a weekend when it should be buzzing with life. Not something you would expect in a highly rated hotel. We had drinks at The Peninsula one evening and it was alive and buzzing. It was quite depressing when we got back to the Sofitel and once again found a handful of people scattered amongst the foyer lounge and bar. It was as if only a handful of rooms were occupied, but the staff ensured us that the hotel was almost full.My suggestion is that if you like the energy of NYC and want the same from a hotel, do not stay here. If you are looking for a very quite hotel where you see a scatter of people in and out, then this is the perfect place for you.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Miss_Pie
<Content>Every bit as good as we were led to believe! My husband and I stayed at this hotel for four nights and it was excellent in every way. Our bedroom was lovely, the bathroom perfect and everywhere spotless. The staff were also extremely attentive and nothing was too much trouble. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel for a trip to New York. The location is great and perfect for shops and sights yet it is situated on a quiet street. I booked this hotel because of recommendations on this site and it has not let me down!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>FANTASTIC Could not fault the hotel at all. Perfect position, two blocks or so from Time Square, lovely rooms. Had a blocked loo on the first day and it was sorted straight away. Staff all really friendly and helpful. Had a meal in the Restaurant one night and although expensive it was of a very high standard. Definately worth applying for the Sofitel card on their website as it gives you 4pm check out on your last day. Would not hesitate to stay again when next in NYC.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MorganB
<Content>Another perfect stay at the Sofitel We just completed another stay at the Sofitel. We moved from there to the Millenium Hilton because i had some HHonors points to use. Despite the Millenium Hilton being a nice hotel the Sofitel excels in many ways. As we are staying back to back in the two I thought I would offer a comparison.Bathrooms are much better at the Sofitel. They are truly beatiful, with a seperate glassed in shower, marble floors and granite counter tops. Hiltons bath is very average with a shower curtain over the tub (ick!). Hiltons shower control had 2 inch in red and blue that say HOT COLD. Its very tacky/ institutional.Towels in the Sofitel are thick and absorbant. You can also lounge around in the provided robe and slippers. Towels are nice at the hiton but not as thick, no robe, no slippers. Bath Products in the Sofitel are Roger et Gallet. I love them and stock up on them at every stay. I also find the sewing kit handy. Hilton offers Neutrogena which is okay but I am not compelled to keep them, no sewing kit in sight.AC unit in the sofitel well conceled in the ceiling and cools the rooms swiftly. The Hilton has a large metal unit under the window. The AC happens to be out in the entire hotel today.Despite the two hotels being about the same price I find the Sofitel much more luxurious.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ltj-1964
<Content>great stay at the sofitel my wife and i stayed at the hotel for three nights between 31st march and 3rd april.i had booked this hotel way back in october 2004.i also had a sofitel privilege card which was free and well worth having.you get complimentary free drinks and late check out which we used.my wife was forty whilst we were at the hotel and i had emailed the hotel in advance to tell them and ask for an upgrade.the upgrade was not available but they left a bottle of champagne in our room in a bucket of ice.the room was lovely with a great bathroom.the queen deluxe was a lovely room and more than adequate.very polite and professional staff.the only thing that lets this hotel down is the entrance which is dull and lacking in colour.that was my only gripe.drinks were reasonably priced in the bar as well.excellent hotel and i would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An Awesome Hotel with even better staff!... ... Wonderful expericence at the Sofitel! I selected this hotel based on tripadvisor reviews for my 3-night stay in New York. From the start the hotel is awesome! Easy access to all the tourist sites associated with New York. Very close to Grand Central. The staff at the Sofitel were all friendly, attentative, and very helpful. The room was large, well decorated, and very clean. Did I mention the bed, super comfortable and our room was very quiet. The nightly turn down service was awesome, and included a freshly cleaned bathroom stocked with fresh towels. The bathrooms at the Sofitel are beautiful and the towels are large, thick, and soft. I could not have asked for a better experience at any hotel. I will be returning agian with friends soon!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>HBNI
<Content>Superb Sofitel! Stayed for four nights wished we had longer to stay. Elegant,charming,peaceful yet in a superb position to enjoy the pleasures of New York. The rooms, the staff and the general ambience make this the place we will return to when we go back to New York. Concierge and door staff helpful with a great knowledge of the city. Vive la France!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect, as expected We booked 4 nights at the Soffitel seeing all the positive reviews. And we were not disappointed!!! We arrived at 11am in the morning hoping to be able to put our bags with the Concierge. Instead they offered us a room!!! That was very nice considering that the check-in time is at 3pm. We really appreciated this. (We did have the Soffitel Privilege Card)Everything in the room was very well organized. The room was very clean and had all the amenities. The only thing we could have used was a coffee maker. But not critical at all. We were also given 2 free drinks and chocolates the first night.The bathroom was big, spacious and had all the little knick-knacks one needs. Cosmetics were all french, a bonus for those who prefer french toiletries.The service at every level was impeccable and helped to make the stay very very pleasureable.Although room service was expensive, there were a number of very good restaurants within walking distance to the hotel. As a tourist, the subway was very close, shopping at 5th avenue was 2 mins away, and the museums were either within walking distance or a short subway ride away. The location was excellent.And yes, I would recommend this hotel to all my friends. And we would stay there agian when we went to NYC.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sofitel an easy sell ! Just returned from an excellent break at the Sofitel New York, my husband and I booked a suite which was on the 26th floor directly with the Hotel. We stayed from Friday 1 April to Monday 4 April 2005. We also completed the privilege card which allowed for a late check out (4pm)  complimentary drinks. The service was fast and friendly from beginning to end, and the hotel well located for shops, museums etc. The decor was great as was the view!The suite was a good size,equipped with iron and board !Breakfast in the Gaby Restaurant was also good, but there are sooo many places to eat that you cant go wrong!If you are going before June 2005, spend an evening at the Belesco Theatre, 3 minute walk, where Julius Caesar is running, starring Denzel Washington and British Actor Eamon Walker. The whole cast was excellent! Shopping in New York is good, we walked everywhere and did not feel intimidated in any way.I will be returning later this year and the Sofitel will be my first choice , thank you to previous write ups for assisting us in making such a good choice which is why I am doing one in return !  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What else can I say???? EXCELLENT! MARVELLOUS!! Very clean, excellent staff, high quality room...... I could go on but I guess you get it! WAY better than The Time hotel we had the misfortune to book into last Easter!!! Got that one?....... The Time, 49th Ave :o(  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelproPasadena_CA
<Content>Outstanding Hotel - Pricey but extremely comfortable and well-located Stayed at the Sofitel on the basis of TripAdvisor recommendations. I want to add my recommendation - it was outstanding. Very pricey, even with substantial internet savings. Our room didn't have a view, but the bed and bathroom were as luxurious as described elsewhere and unbelievably quiet. Very relaxing after a day of walking. Location was fabulous - easy and safe walk from Broadway late at night and just steps away from 5th Avenue. Red Flame cafe was great for breakfast and nearly next door. Concierge and bellman very helpful.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Billyz11
<Content>Excellent Just back from a 4 night stay in this elegant, well maintained hotel, perfectly located on 44th St. Had an excecutive king suite on 27th floor which was immaculate with a particularly comfortable bed. The room was very quiet with an excellent view of the skyline. One strange thing is that reception is located right at the back of the hotel but the only real complaint was that the wardrobe was tiny.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fife_traveller
<Content>Yet another top marks My wife and I have just returned after 5 nights in New Yawk(sic). Again, like so many, we went on the advice of Tripadvisor users and can only say it was fantastic. A truly fantastic experience, lots of friendly, knowledgable staff with good restaurant advice; spotless room - yes, we liked the turn down service too! Location is spot on - we are keen walkers and we could head uptown or down towards Battery Park from here, and there was so much nearby as well. We are already planning our next visit and will be absolutely gutted if we can't return to this hotel...A special mention should also go to the Red Flame diner in West 44th St. - we used this every day for breakfast - great value and a true American style diner - loved it!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Sofitel We just returned from a weekend (4/1/05) at the Sofitel which we chose because of TripAdvisor, and like every other review we were not disappointed. The hotel was beautiful and the staff was friendly. Our room was very nice, clean, comfortable bed, not too small, nice view, clean bathroom with marble vanity. The location of the hotel was excellent. Parking across the street was $ 28.00 - we saw the Producer's which was on the same street so we just walked there and to Carmine's for dinner. Breakfast a few doors down at the Red Flame like the reviews recommended. We signed up for the Sofitel Priileged Guest Card and got 4:00 pm checkout which was helpful. It was a great weekend thanks to Tripadvisor!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PeterK939
<Content>Truly Magnificent I booked the Sofitel based (after exhaustive research) on the reviews here, and it really does deserve the reputation it's earned here. This review applies to a suite - I splashed out this one time as it was a special occasion. Good accomodation is something I place great importance on - it's great to just crash out sometimes and watch a movie for a few hours - the Sofitel surpassed this expectation in every measurable sense.Rooms are absolutely luxurious - they look identical to the pictures on their site (something that's very rare these days). Attention to detail is extraordinary; mini Hi-fi, CD clock radio, travel adapter in room, bathrobes, slippers, candle in bathroom (along a little box with a nail file, shower cap and some mints), separate shower, silk coat hangers; there was even an umbrella provided in the closet.Location is perfect - 5th Ave (including Met Life building) on one side; Times Square is a few blocks away on the other, but it's still in a very quiet spot. The room was totally soundproof; I never heard any street noise, and couldn't even tell if there was anyone in the room next to me - it's the first hotel I've stayed in for a long time where I've had a proper nights sleep.Staff go out of their way to help their guests - nothing is too much trouble. Just to give an idea of the high quality service - on the first night, there was some ambient noise from the air conditioning in the room. When I asked to change rooms the following morning, the receptionist brought to a suite that had an even better view of the Empire State building. When transferring the bags to the new room, he not only insisted on carrying both (heavy) bags, but would not accept a tip for the trouble - that truly is first class service. The only problem after that was that I didn't want to leave the room !All in all, fabulous; if like myself, good accomodation is of great importance, don't hesitate to book the Sofitel - I know I won't next time.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>deedle
<Content>Perfect-believe the hype Cannot stress enough how great this hotel is.We only booked it due to the reviews on this website and all the good stuff is true.Great location (it was our first time in NYC and we found all the sites really easy)Staff very efficient. Definately sign up for their privelidge card. The 4pm check out is a godsend if you have a night flight.Nice to have a separate shower cubicle too. Great little touches like fresh flowers and candle in bathroom.Like loads of others have said before me - stay here- you wont regret it.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>simeon_1
<Content>Sorry to be unoriginal but..... Yes i'm afraid i am going to write a similar review to every other one posted on this hotel.We had booked a King Suite for a 3 night stay over Easter on the back of the recommendations on this page and as you would expect me to say,we were not disappointed.A beautiful hotel with great sized rooms and everything you need to have a beautiful stay and probably the world's most comfortable bed.My wife and I had stopped in a suite at the Bellagio in Las Vegas earlier this year and there wasn't any difference in the quality or the service at all and all this on top of being in the middle of everything.We were delayed by 5 hours on the way out so were worn out by the time we got to the hotel as it was very late,it was a pleasant surprise then that it took us all of about 30 seconds to check in with the exceptionally friendly staff on reception.I asked for a room with a view of The Chrysler Building and The Empire State to which i was told that the views from this room were exceptional but if we were not happy in any way at all just ask and we would be moved.When we woke up early the next morning we didn't have views of either building but even though it was made clear that we could move we are not the fussy type and were more than happy with our room anyway so we stayed put.The fact that the offer to move was enough,you really couldn't fault the attitude of the staff,it was first class.We did go to the Red Flame every morning for breakfast and,as everyone says,it is great.A real old school,friendly place just 4 doors down from the front entrance to the hotel but get in there before 9am otherwise you'll have to wait a while.I can also recommend a deli on the same side of the street as the entrance(the back of the hotel) to Gaby,the hotel's retaurant about 5 doors down,everything you needed in there.Also the worlds best Pizza parlour was opposite the entrance to Gaby,a place called Little Italy,it has been voted New York's best pizza place and if you have a slice you can tell why.A great hotel,great location and everything taken care of so you don't need to worry.We would definitely stay at the Sofitel again if we go back to New York.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Dave0365
<Content>The most perfect hotel in NYC - location,charm,amenities I can simply say that anytime we return to NYC, this is where we will stay. I cannot imagine a better hotel for: location (peacefully quiet and only a 2 block walk down 44th and you are in Times Sq), ammenities (imagine a large king bedroom with perfect A/C, a good sized bathroom with seperate bath and shower and great toiletries and this in NYC?), staff (always friendly and polite with a ready smile), facilities (4 elevators and our maximum wait was about 15 seconds!!!, quiet bar/lounge, plenty of quality umbrellas for use).We arrived on the red-eye from San Francisco at 6:00 am on Sunday morning and were at the hotel by 7:00 am. Although room checkin is usually 3:00 pm and the hotel was FULL the previous night, they were able to get us a room by midday.I recommend breakfast each day 3 doors down at The Red Flame diner - cheap but nice and not rushed. We didn't use the hotel restaurant for eating, though we had a couple of night cap cocktails that were nice and not overly expensive (I do recommend the 8th floor lounge at the Marriott on Times Sq for cocktails and Tapas).Cabs are convenient because they are EVERYWHERE however a cheaper alternative is the subway. The nearest subway entry is 42nd and 5th - 3 streets down - a great/safe way to explore the city for $7 a day jumping on and off as often as you like. Greyline bus tours is located on 46th and 8th - again a short walk.I could go on and on about the benefits of this hotel, but that would only duplicate other reviews. Go on, just do it!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unforgettable stay It's our 2nd time in this hotel. We stayed here April of last year and was surprised that one of their staff member still recognized us and greeted us by our last name. His name is Edward. He's the same bellman who helped us with our luggages before. What a professional and knowledgable person he is. He made us so feel welcome. Excellent service he gave us.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sparkly*Euro*Peep
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, Excellent Midtown Location, French Themed Exellent hotel - perfect location, excellent luxurious large rooms with lurvely duvets, huge marble bathrooms, lovely brasserie downstairs, courteuos staff. Stayed here for a month in August 2003 when it first opened - what a wonderful experience. Times square and Lexington are just a stonesthrow away.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>myrtlemee
<Content>C'est tres tres bon!!!!!!!!! we stayed for five nights in early March 2005 and absolutely loved the hotel. It is just in such a fantastic position, the view from our 23rd floor window was the Empire State Building straight ahead and the Chrysler Building to the left. Such a lovely bed and bathroom with all those gorgeous little touches making it special. Great toiletries,robes,flowers,ironing board,powerful hairdryer etc,etc. The bar prices were the same as everywhere else...EXPENSIVE. so worth stopping there for the one for the road!!!!! We didn't eat in the Gaby but it looked inviting.Breakfast in 'red' diner few doors down on the right was fine. New York is exciting,interesting and exhausting and it was always a pleasure to retreat to the Sofitel. Thanks trip advisor.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Simian-Gait
<Content>Excellent Hotel - Excellent location My wife  I have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Sofitel (9th - 13th March '05). Our decision on booking this hotel was primarily based upon TripAdvisor reviews and I'm glad to say the good reviews are accurate.The staff were polite  friendly and there was a distinct french feeling about the place (possibly being greeted with bonjour  bonsoir each day!). The lobby/reception areas were spacious and very smart. There were 4 lifts which were very quick, so not much hanging around. The concierges  doormen were helpful - in fact the concierge organised our transfer back to the airport with SuperShuttle.The room was excellent - spacious, clean, tastefully decorated and being on the 27th floor, we had a magnificent view with a window that went from floor to ceiling. The room was quiet and even with the window open it wasn't too noisy. Didn't use the TV except for the TV Internet facility ($10.95 for 24hrs) which was useful for checking emails  info on Broadway shows, Heliport flights etc etc). The bathroom was a good size with separate bath and shower cubicle and all fitted to a high standard.Hotel location was also excellent. It felt as though it was in a very safe area on 44th street halfway between 5th  6th avenues. Very close to Grand CT, Time Square, Rockefeller Center and so on. Didn't try the Hotel restaurant so can't comment on it, but there is a great diner (The Red Flame) about 30 metres along the street that opens at 6:00am and serves all your breakfast needs at reasonable prices.The Sofitel isn't necessarily a cheap hotel, but worth the extra to have somewhere decent to crash out after a busy day. Would certainly consider staying here again on our next visit - can't think of any reason not to.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Monteith1
<Content>Best by far!!! My fiance and I got engaged in New York last September and stayed at a different hotel over in Murray Hill which was great if a little old. However, we were coming back to the city (to buy wedding rings this time!) and we wanted to stay somewhere different, so I checked out the Sofitel, was very impressed with the reviews on this site and booked it.We stayed there from 5-8th March and it was simply the best hotel that either myself or my fiance had ever stayed in (and we've stayed in A LOT of hotels!). There is no way that this is a 4 star hotel - its 5 star all the way, from the impressive lobby, to the courteous staff, to the fantastic bedrooms.I was totally thrilled from the minute we walked in, we requested a room with a view and were given a room on 21st floor - no problem, the bathroom was absolutely fabulous, the room spacious and spotless. We even had the maid come in again at night to turn down our bed, and leave a bottle of mineral water with the weather forecast for the next day!I can't rate this hotel enough, its in a great location between 5th and 6th Avenues, 2 blocks from Times Square and close to many great attractions and stores. Definitely sign up for the Sofitel Privelege card, worth it for the late check out alone. Also the restaurant in the hotel (Gaby's) is top class and well worth a visit.We would not stay anyway else in New York now!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Marvellous, Marvellous, Marvellous !! Stayed here from March 7th '05 to March 11th and like a lot of other reviewers I decided on the Sofitel based on reviews left by others on sites like Tripadvisor and based on the detail available on the hotels website. I really can only support what other have said .. the hotel is in an excellent location, the 25th floor suite was in perfect condition and the staff were extremely helpful. This was my first trip to New York and as I planned to pop a certain question to my girlfiend, everything needed to be perfect. As requested, the roses, rose petals, champagne and gooey chocolate dessert arranged via the Concierge were setup perfectly. The blanket of snow outside and the twinkling city lights (not in the hotels control I know) made the night a very, very special one.This really is a first class hotel and we will definately book future New York trips with the Sofitel. In fact we'll check if there's a Sofitel hotel in other locations for all of our future trips in Europe, the U.S. and beyond. Oh, she said 'Yes' by the way. Hooray !!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>S.Marissa
<Content>Sofitel Hotel During my first visit to New York (Feb. 2005), I had the pleasure of staying at the Sofitel Hotel and I loved it. The staff were very friendly and knowledgeable. The hotel is located on 44th between 5th and 6th (2 blocks from Time Square and 3 blocks from Grand Central Station); therefore, it was very easy to maneuver around the area by walking and subway (which I loved). My only disappointment was the hotel's restaurant, Gaby's, the creme brulee was served cold. I am accustomed to having hot creme brulee. Other than the creme brulee, I was well pleased with the hotel and am planning to bring my husband there on his first visit to New York.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fab!! Fab!! Fab!! We stayed at the Sofitel on Sunday 6th March for one night as a treat to end our stay in New York. I had only heard about it through Tripadvisor and gave the hotel reservations team a call to check availability and rates - the lady I spoke to (I think her name was Wanda) was really friendly and professional and swung my decision to stay there. On arrival at the hotel we were greeted bya genuinely pleasant porter and reception staff and were advised that even though we were a couple of hours early our room was ready for us. Oh my God and what a room it was - we had booked an Executive King Suite and upon entering was really impressed with the luxurious standards. However, our biggest suprise was yet to come as when we drew back the curtains to check out our view not only did we have magnificent views of BOTH the Crysler Building and the Empire State Building but had the biggest balcony/terrace to admire them from!! It truly was a fabulous place to watch the city lights turn on at dusk and a breathtaking place to eat breakfast in the morning - we really felt like movie stars!! Everything about the Sofitel is wonderful I really can't recommend it enough - thank you for making a trip to my most favourite city a really special one!!!!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mixip
<Content>One year on - Still the best! Ok, stayed here last Feb (review Sofitel So Right) and decided to stay there again as I took in a couple of broadway shows and wanted to walk back after them. Well, just got back, and nothing has changed - if anything it was better second time around; still the same great welcome, still the same clean, excellent rooms, and like others, this time I had a sofitel card meaning we had welcome champagne in the bar and a 4pm checkout time automatically.(well worth signing up for)I had a problem with the interactive menu on the tv in the room, which I wasn't too bothered about (who comes here for TV?!), but I mentioned it to reception anyway - you'd think I'd found a rat in the bedroom the lady at the desk couldn't apologise enough and sent an engineer straight away - she also phoned later that afternoon to check everything was still ok. THAT's what makes this hotel number 1 on my list - it means that if anything isn't right, you have the confidence to know they'll make it right.The only problem? This hotel is getting too too popular!! It was hard to get a good rate this time around!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel My fiance and I stayed at the Sofitel for 5 nights from 21st February 2005 to the 26th February 2005. We chose this hotel based on Tripadvisor reviews and we were not disappointed. Our trip was to celebrate my 30th birthday and my partner had spoken to the manager and asked for an upgrade. Not only did we get an upgrade with views of the Empire State Building but a bottle of champagne and chocolates were left with a card wishing me a happy birthday. The manager introduced himself on our arrival and he and the rest of the staff were always helpful and very professional.This was the first time we had asked for an upgrade and actually received one. We travel a lot and have stayed at many hotels. I am quite fussy and I can honestly say I did not have one complaint. The bar, restaurant and mini-bar were expensive, but that is to be expected at a top class hotel. The position of the hotel is great, within walking distance of all amenties. Duane Reade is a good chain of stores that provide everything you need at cheap prices and one store is situated right around the corner. There are also some Deli's very close by so you can get a decent breakfast at a good price. We stayed with family in Long Island for the rest of our trip and they too have only heard good things about the hotel.We would definitely stay here again and recommend the hotel to family and friends. In addition, we would check out their other hotels first when booking accomodation in other countries.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sc_UK
<Content>Relaxed and up-market hotel I've just returned from a couple of nights in the Sofitel, New York. I'd done my research when looking around for a hotel and the good reviews on Tripadvisor and the reasonable price were the deciding factors in booking a room here. I should explain that I'm the type of traveller who is rarely happy with the first (or sometimes second) room allocated by the check in staff: I'm a bit picky. From the moment we stepped into the lobby at the Sofitel I could tell that this place was going to be nice. The porters delivered our bags to the room almost immediately: tipping them wasn't the usual embarrassing experience those of us from the UK have to endure in US hotels. Reception staff were very pleasant - a welcome and unusual attribute in this city. Check-in took seconds.The bedroom was on the 23rd floor. It was impeccably clean and a reasonable size, with a great heating / airconditioning system and a very quiet location. The room smelt clean as soon as we opened the door (unlike the room we stayed at a week earlier in the New York Hilton which smelt musty and smoky). The bathroom was spacious and well laid out (separate shower and bath), with nice touches like a freshly cut flower and a candle (with a handy pack of matches too). Although two of us were in the room, the hotel only provided one bath robe and one bottle of water - although they had both of our names and gave us two keys. The bed was a bit on the small side, and I suspect that they assumed only one person was staying in the room.The overall feeling and ambience in this hotel is relaxed and friendly, but professional and up-market, and I would not have any hesitation in recommending it. I will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Just returned from a four night stay at the Sofitel, booked on advice ofTrip Advisor reviews, we were not disappointed. Found all staff to bevery friendly and helpful. Rooms were lovely- only complaint would be no tea and coffee maker in room.Thanks to a previous Trip Advisor for the advice on the Sofitel Privilegecard, we were able to keep our room until four pm on the day we left at noextra charge.We would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>leannemc
<Content>Great place - a bit pricey! I was impressed with the lobby, but found reception hard to find as it was tucked away past the lobby and around the corner. The staff were pleasant. As my husband and I arrived separately, he had arranged for an upgrade to a suite which he was told would be an extra $100. Upon check out they informed us this was 'per night' which was not clear at the time. They agreed to meet us half way in the end. The suite was lovely and a good size for New York standards. Cable tv and all the usual amenities. Really nice big bath room with candles and toiletries. Sound system throughout all rooms with telephone in the bathroom. Nice comfy bed. Location was great - we walked everywhere, Times Square, 42nd street, Grand Central Station, Central Park (bit of a hike) and Soho by taxi. Overall a nice place and I would go back and stay again. Concierge provided big umberellas and were very helpful. Arranged for a private car to the airport as well.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lemondrop
<Content>Sofitel-Thumbs Up Stayed for a w/e in May 2004. Booked thru Priceline so had no idea what we were in for. Friendly service checking in; room was small, but clean and bathroom for excellent. Loved the long shelf above the sink for all our toiletries. Hotel was very quiet. Great location for walking to places of interest. Reasonable breakfast a few doors down at Red Flame. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent service, but needs R Stayed at the hotel in September 2002 for 2 days and July 2004 for 4 days. Good location, as it's slightly off Times Square to avoid the hussle and tourists. Service is excellent. Staff were courteous and fast. What surprised me, however, is the condition of the hotel. While still in decent shape, repair and maintenance clearly needs to be done during my stay in 2004. The standing shower units are kept watertight via a rubber seal. This seal was torn in parts of the shower, resulting in some water being sprayed onto the bathroom floor. I also noted some graffiti on the bathroom wall - minor problems, but something that a first class hotel should deal with.Despite the hotel's minor imperfections, I find that I will still highly recommend this hotel, only if the price is right. Given the amount of selection available in NY, you can't go wrong with the Sofitel, but it may not be the best deal around.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RhosdduRed
<Content>Very impressed with the Sofitel We just spent 5 nights at the Sofitel and were very happy with what we found. Unfortunately, our request for a high room via the web agent didn't get to the hotel and we ended up with a room on the 11th floor which didn't offer the best view in the world. However, this wasn't the hotel's fault. The hotel has 29 floors so there may have been other rooms which afforded a better view. The room was very well equipped and modern with plenty of room. It was also immaculately clean which is always a bonus. The tv offered direct internet access, cd request facility as well as the usual pay per view for all the latest movies. The bathroom had a bath as well as a separate shower and was quite spacious. No coffee making available though. We never used the turn-down service although it was available.All staff were very helpful especially the front of house staff. When our shuttle transfer to the airport was late, the concierge was ready to spring into action to get us a taxi but thankfully, the shuttle eventually turned up.The location was just right with Times Square, the Empire State Building and the Grand Central Station all within a 10 min walk. Times Sq was very busy especially on the Friday and Saturday and the hotel was a quiet retreat away from the crowds.The hotel bar was one of the nicest we have been in although it was slightly more expensive than the numerous bars and restaurants which were nearly. We are visiting NY again in November and will definitely be staying at the Sofitel again.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Steve6696
<Content>Almost lived up to expectations On arrival, I asked for an upgrade as it was my wifes 40th birthday. He asked his boss who said that would be no problem, then gave us the keys to the smallest room on a low floor. Small room, no view, and a bathrobe that had seen better days. I asked what the room had been upgraded from and was told their was nothing better available. ie It wasnt really an upgrade at all.Next day i got a much more accomodating member of staff who immediately gave me a choice of 2 large rooms on high floors with king size beds. We took one, and from that point on the hotel was great!Had a peek in a suite (room number 2922) which was lovely with great views of Chrysler building etc. Maybe next year....  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TMM
<Content>Soiftel - C'est Bon! We loved our room at the Sofitel. We had an Executive suite on the 25th floor and our room faced the GE building - A really nice view at night. There was plenty of space for our 22 month old to run around. What surprised me was how quiet it was. The bathrooms are gorgeous and the staff was very helpful, but not in your face. Twice we had a problem with the toilet, but each time we reported the problem it was addressed quickly.There are lots of nice amenities such as the robe, slippers and even a lint brush which was handy as I forgot mine. The location is fantastic and we walked to most places of interest. We also received complimentary drinks of our choice at the bar and late check-out as we signed up for the Sofitel Privilege card.We never dined in-house, but we loved the Red Flame diner a few doors away. It was one of the few places that had high chairs and a good food selection for our son. The breakfast was delicious and the staff was friendly.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>HelenUnitedKingdom
<Content>Amazing hotel! Just returned from a three night stay at the Sofitel, NYC and was very impressed. Check-in staff were lovely, rooms spacious and the most comfortable beds ever. Fabulous big bathrooms with a great separate shower.The room was immaculate every day and the turn-down service superb. The weather forecast and bottles of evian very nice touches.Check-out was quick and efficient and the doorman kindy arranged a fabulous car to the airport for us.Can't imagine staying anywhere else if returning to New York - if you have a stay at the Sofitel booked be very excited and if not, do not be afraid to book this exellently located hotel. It was certainly worth every penny we paid.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>norman23
<Content>Great Hotel Booked the Sofitel for 5 nights based on Tripadvisor reviews. Lived up to expectations. Excellent location, room, bathroom! and food. Will use again.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Eric001
<Content>Tripadvisor saves the day again! We had just 2 days and 1 night in NYC so wanted to stay somewhere special that wouldn't bankrupt us. Used Tripadvisor last year for accom in Key West and found a great place. Used them again this time for NYC - checked for the No.1 rated hotel in NYC. Sofitel it was. We arrived by taxi and our suitcases were taken by doorman who gave us tags which we handed to reception when we checked in. I asked for an upgrade and we were upgraded from queen to king room. 2 mins after getting into room our cases arrived. The porter showed us all the features of the room and asked if there was anything we needed. The room, and bathroom, were spotless and well equipped. Most comfortable hotel bed ever! All contact with hotel staff (room service, reception, wake-up call etc) was friendly and efficient and they always used our name. Check out was just as smooth and efficient as the other aspects. We are normally wary of the big hotel chains (we wouldn't have thought of staying here without Tripadvisor reviews) but Sofitel 'broke the mould'. The whole stay was very pleasurable and effortless. It is the first time I have ever wished I was staying longer at a hotel. If you're thinking of staying here - GO FOR IT!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>donshe62
<Content>tres tres magnifique !!. Stayed here for six nights last week of january into February.From the word go I knew I had made the right hotel choice.The absolutely beautiful foyer and desk area were a welcome sight after a long haul flight.The receptionist was a delight,she greeted and made us feel like we were the only guests staying here.I had asked for a twin room on a high floor via e-mail prior to arriving and was assured this was no problem at all.The room allocated was on the 23rd floor right in a very quiet corner,and it was beautiful.Much bigger than in the photos the site prints.Two double beds with luxurious bedding.Floor to ceiling mirrors,lots of closet space.and what felt like brand new carpets.The bathroom was very large and very modern.A huge walk-in shower and lovely fluffy towels and lots of French toiletries.The towels were changed twice a day and flowers and scented candled are positioned there also.Turn down service also great.with complimentary evian water every night. The gym is small but has all up to date excersise machines.The bar looked lovely too,although we did not eat or drink there.There is a restaraunt just a few doors down called the red flame which is perfect for breakfast etc...and very cheap!. All in all I was delighted with this hotel.After a day of exploring and sight seeing I could think of no better place to rest my weary head. If you are going to new york don't stay anywhere else.Pay a little extra and stay at the 'Sofitel'. You will not be sorry.   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sara Jo and Rosy say ...Magnifique!! Stayed here for a week. Didnt want to leave..Bathroom fantastic  Room great loved the view. We felt so New York!! Location just perfect.. Only one small criticism was that the room service coffee was too strong..and yes we are coffee drinkers!! All in all you just couldnt fault the Sofitel and we have tried loads of hotels.. The gaby restaurant was very good the bar has atmosphere.. A must (except we dont want everyone to go there in case we cant get in next time we book!!!)   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dougie-w
<Content>Five-star quality at three-star prices We were drawn to the Sofitel because of its top ranking here at TripAdvisor, then the low rate we found at Hotels ($161/night) clinched it. And we were not disappointed. The room wasn't large, but it did seem luxurious, with lots of nice extras: bathrobe, slippers, CD player, large framed photographs from New York and Paris on the wall. The bathroom was exceptional with its marble sink, glass shower plus separate bathtub. The TV speaker in the bathroom was a little odd, but what the heck. Bed wasn't the most comfortable, but there were plenty of pillows. As others have mentioned, we did receive a tiny complimentary bottle of Evian water each night with the bed turn-down service, but not the fresh bud that I had read about in a previous posting. Location was great, just a couple of blocks from Times Square. Check-in was very quick, friendly and easy. We will definitely be returning to the Sofitel.   
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HonestreviewLondon
<Content>C'est formidable! My wife and I are what you might call 'High Maintenance' in fact our standard line when getting to the check-in desk is 'give us the key to the third room first!' however this hotel practically went all the way to meeting our very exacting standards - unprecedented!I think the charming girl at the front desk got our measure straight away and when my wife requested a king room on a high floor (as opposed to a queen room on a low floor) she suggested that we have a look at 2 rooms that she had available - excellent!When we decided on our lovely king room my wife went through her 'is it worthy?' hotel room check; spacious room - check, luxury fittings - check, good quality bed linen-check, luxury marble bathroom with quality toiletries - check, fluffy bathrobe and slippers - check. It was all there and more e.g. flowers in the room and complimentary Evian water. If I had to come up with any small niggles I would say that you better be packing light cos the wardrobe was v small and whats with the rock/up tempo music in the lobby? What did I tell you - high maintenance! Overall we absolutely loved this hotel and would definitely stay there again which is not something we say often!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location, great service being close to 5th Avenue, Times Square and walking dsiatnce from Central Park, this hotel is well located to enjoy midtown and the locality. Service was consistently excellent, even before arrival - the concierge arranged for a limo to meet and collect us from JFK and delivery us in comfort to the lobby (a real plus after the transatlantic haul from London). we had a 5-day weekend away from the kids and indulged in the generous breakfast-in-bed menu on at least three occasions. what can we say that hasnt been said across so many positive reviews *smile* we'll be back !  
<Date>Jan 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Well done Tripadvisor We stayed at the sofitel from the 21st to the 26th January. On the advice of tripadvisor we booked a standard room with a hotel search engine - much cheaper than rates offered direct by sofitel.com. The hotel is very nicely situated between 5th and 6th avenues and 2 blocks from Times sq. The empire state is an easy walk and central park is 15 / 20 mins walk away. The hotel is very pleasant, clean and friendly. The rooms are of good size and very comfrotable, the bathrooms are marble and large. We didnt try the resataurant / bar as it seemed dark and uninviting with loads of staff ready to pounce. On a very minor negative point, all extras in the hotel are quite expensive - minibar, telephones, room service etc - but all these are optional. We will not stay anywhere else in New York again.We would recommend Del Friscos restaurant for beautiful steaks etc (49th and 6th) and for fantastic family meals of really stupid USA quantities try Carmines (44th and 7th). Also when you go up the empire state, do the skyride and sit up at the front.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DrExplorer
<Content>Loved the Sofitel hotel I chose the Sofitel from Tripadvisors recommendations and was not disappointed. Fabulous location, lovely 5 star bathroom nice room  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dangell
<Content>The Best I travelled to New York for the second Christmas in a row and stayed here again! I was a bit concerned that it would live up to my memory of last year as this time I'd brought my mum and sister. I had no need to worry as they both loved it.Again we found it well worth the cost. I would highly recommend you stay here.The food, service and rooms are all excellent.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding! Stayed at the Sofitel for a long weekend prior to the Christmas holiday. After reading the excellent reviews on Sofitel New York on this site, we selected to stay in an Executive Suite.Could not have been happier with the hotel. Great service at check in, concierge and room service. The bar prices are a bit steep, even considering its NYC. A glass of wine, house brand clips in at $12.00.... I would highly recommend the diner down the street- the Red Flame. Very reasonable prices ofr breakfast. Bottom line, the location is great, the service incredible and would recommend to anyone without hesitation.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sorry, another brilliant review! Felt I had to post a review after my stay at this hotel as I enjoyed it so much. (Jan 14-18 2005)As it states in all the other reviews, the staff are brilliant. From the point of arriving to leaving they went the extra mile and were always helpfull, especially the concierge who booked us tables for dinner and advised us on almost everything about New York.The room was very nice and was cleaned twice a day, which meant if you had an afternoon nap, the bed was remade when you got back at night! As promised there were bottles of water and flowers beside the bed each night. It may not sound like much, but it stops you breaking into the min-bar to have a drink, and saves you a few bucks!The bathroom was very large with a bath and very big shower. There were speakers in the bathoom, behind the mirror, so you could listen to the music/tv that was on, and a fluffy dressing gown to name but a few niceties...Our room was on the 19th floor, and the view was of W44th street. Not a great view, however I was realistic to expect that when you stay in the city you may see buildings out of your window. They were not however slap bang outside, and therefore allowed normal light etc into the room. It was no different to staying at many of the hotels I have stayed in in London, Paris etc (I stayed at the Millenium broadway last year, which is the hotel down the road, and although the view was of broadway and was much nicer, the room and staff do not compare.)We ordered room service on two nights, and both times the food was of a high quality and delivered quickly. The person taking the order was also very helpful and friendly, (As opposed to Millenium Broadway, where I felt I was taking a liberty ordering room service!)I can't stress enough how much the staff made the stay a pleasure, combined with the excellent facilities and decor of the hotel. I read a few of the reviews on this site, where people scored it lower as it is not as good as a 5 star hotel. Well all I would say is that this is the best 4 star hotel I have ever stayed in. Its a general rule that you get what you pay for, so if you pay more, then a 5 star will give you more. However I can't think of what else they could do, expept move the building onto broadway. This hotel is exceptional value for money, and we will be staying there again. (P.S. Red flame diner is the most friendliest and best in the locality. We strayed to another because the queue was so big one morning. Big mistake. The menu was a 1/4 of the choice, we waited ages to be served and it was over double the price.)  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>freqtraveler
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed for 2 night over the January 14th weekend.Fast checkin. Was slated for a queen bed on the 9th floor. I asked for a higher floor. This was my 3rd trip to NYC and from experience the higher the better to get away from the road noise. The checking agent offered to see if she could get me a king bed while she was at it. I ended up with a king bed on the 18th floor. The room is pretty much how it is pictured on Expedia, bed, two chairs and desk. The bathroom was realy nice, it had a walk in shower and a seperate bath tub. The turn down service is neat if your into that kinda thing. The turn down service came at about 5:30 - 6PM my first night. I was in the room and turned her down. I was offerred a small bottle of Evian thought. Second night I was out of the room and they left the bottle of Evian. I valued the water more than them fussing around the room.Overall, it's a great hotel, friendly staff, clean rooms. I would stay here on my next trip, however, given the hotels popularity on this board it may get pretty worn out.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel and location My wife and I stayed here for 5 nights at the start of January 2005 and had been swayed to book this hotel based on the excellent reviews on this website, which proved to be extremely accurate.The hotel is well decorated and we found the reception staff very efficient and co-operative. On arrival we were allocated a room on the 12th floor but made enquiries as to whether we could be moved to a room with a better view. We were offered a room on the 23rd floor and it had a view of the Empire State and Chrysler Buildings for no extra cost, so it's definitely worth asking! We also took up the offer on the hotel's website of ordering a Sofitel Privilege Card prior to travel and made use of the 4pm checkout time - also at no extra cost.Our room was clean and spacious and had a lovely bathroom with a separate large walk-in shower. The nightly turndown service includedh a small bottle of water and a weather forecast for the following day, which were nice touches.Due to the excellent location of the hotel, we found we were able to walk to most of the attractions in midtown Manhattan - only 10 mins from Times Square and 15-20 mins from the Empire State Building. Central Park was about 30-40 mins walk away.Although very pleased with the hotel itself, there were a couple of things that let us down personally. The first was some information requested from our concierge. We had asked him to confirm our return flight details on the day of departure and were wrongly advised as to which terminal we needed to get to and the second was that despite informing reception at check-in that we wished to make use of the 4pm check-out, we received 2 visits from staff while we were packing asking us when we were due to leave the room as they had no record of our request.Also, one word of advice on taxis - there is currently a flat-rate fee of $45 + toll ($4) and tip from JFK to midtown Mahattan but this does not apply to the return trip! Our return taxi fare cost $60, exclusive of toll and tip so make sure you have some extra dollars if you're down to your last few!!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!!!! We stayed at the sofitel in June 2004 for 9 nights. It was fantastic in everyway. The location was brilliant, the room was luxurious and large, and the staff were very helpful. I would recommed anyone going to NY to stay at this gem of a hotel.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love the Sofitel Let me begin by stating I travel a lot for business and am a bit of a hotel snob. NYC is my destination for playing once or twice a year and usually stay at the Sofitel. I have found you can find better rates on line than booking with the Sofitel direct. The rooms are clean, quiet, beautiful and well appointed and the bathroom is a nice size for NYC. The Concierge knows it all and is very helpful. My only complaint is the the front desk person, depending on who you get may be a bit snooty. Not a big deal.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>larover
<Content>Not Outstanding Reservation System I went to book a room at this hotel because of all the great reviews. Their web site showed no Executive Suites available although Expedia did. So I called them and they said they were not sure why their web site was not showing available Executive Suites. They would however match Expedia's rate which just about every hotel will. However they would not guarantee me a high floor. They said I could call the day of to see if I got a high floor but since they gave me the cheap Expedia rate they would not guarantee me a high floor unless they had a room on a high floor the day I was to check in. Yes they gave me the Expedia rate but they didn't have to give Expedia a cut since I was booking through Sofitel and not Expedia and they didn't even show anything available on their site.In any event they were pleasant just seemed unorganized, not helpful and did not behave like an outstanding hotel.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ideal We booked the Sofitel on the recommendation of all the people who had added reviews on Trip Advisor and were not disappointed. The hotel was in the middle of everything and we walked almost everywhere! All the staff were friendly and more than helpful, all of the tips and advice they gave us was spot on and we would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone. We will defiantly be staying there when we return on future trips to New York.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location My husband and I stayed at the Sofitel for one night during the Christmas season and chose it mainly because we got a good rate through the internet. The hotel was in a perfect location for us - in between the theatre district and Madison Ave shopping. The staff was friendly and helpful, rooms nice, bathrooms even nicer. We will definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shaun_Curnow_2004
<Content>Superb Sofitel A friend recommended the Sofitel and I was not disappointed. A lovely establishment with excellent staff. I signed up for the Sofitel loyalty card before going and this entitled us to extended use of the room as well as complimentary drink (this may be given without the card but what the heck). The bar is great, art deco and again friendly staff. We arrived late at night but the short walk to Times Square quickly invigorated us. As for New York, WOW! We decided to focus on sight seeing as opposed to shopping. After all there are shops in the UK but not the same sights. I used Tel Aviv Cabs to and from the airport. Reliable and reasonably priced. Finally, my thanks to all that helped me when researching, NY WHiz et al, and asking dumb questions like would I need a taxi from the Sofitel to Belasco Theatre?.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>reninlondon
<Content>LOVED THE SOFITEL - RECOMMEND AGAIN AND AGAIN Ok well here goes......... I was deliberating for ages as to which hotel i should go for. My boyfriend and I were spending 4 nights in new york over xmas (25th to 29th december) and i wanted to make sure the hotel was 1) beautiful with all the luxurious facitities i needed 2) wasn't extortionately pricedOriginally , I had booked the marriot marquis which i stayed in with my girlfriends last year. Average hotel but as many of the reviews stated , very impersonal and for the amount you pay, you just feel like a number. And i thought nearer the time id keep checking expedia, and all the travel sites and if i could get a better room in a better hotel then i would cancel the marriot (one good thing u can cancel at the marriot marquis up to 6pm on the day of arrival with no charge) When we got to new york the marriot was packed and there were problems getting on a lift because of the amount of people there.I had a room booked for $279 per night for 4 nights but it was average and to upgrade to a suite would have been some ridiculous price of $500 per night just because of the location of the hotel (marquis is right bang cente of times square)So we cancelled the marriot and went to the sofitel who at the last minute have internet rates of of 309 per night for an executive suite.We thought, why not pay a bit more and get a nicer room.We were not disappointed.They are both in great locations and within one block of each other.Sofitel is walking distance from all the main shops macys. saks, all the touristy bits , times square. Perfect location.next review :the room - it was clean, spacious and on the 26th floor The bed amazing, usual 5 star standard, plush sheets, v good quality, we had a lounge area with a sofa which we could shut off from the bedroom as there were french doors separating the two rooms.2 tvs, bathroom with deep plunge bath and a massive walk in shower.Most hotels only give one or the other.They give all the amenities that a good 4/5 star should have, robes, lovely candle in the bathroom ,nice french bath products, on demand tv, with movies, internet access if you need it for 9.95 dollars per day surcharge,24 hour roomservice. We even wanted a fridge so we could store all our little drinks and snacks and they brought this up to our room at no charge.View is amazing, from our window we could see all the skyscraper buildings. Have to say you could get stuck in a lovely room with no view if you dont ask but for the price you pay it depends on what your priorities are.Some people must have an amazing view, i just wanted a lovely room in luxurious surroundings, but luckily got both.They also have a gym on the basement - cant comment as didnt end up goingalso - gift shop - is amazing, the most unique gifts were on sale when i went so ended up doing some last minute shopping before i left for people back home.Any cons ?well one thing is the tax I think this is just for us dummies that aren't used to it rather than a hotel specific thing.We ordered room service on the first night,US tax - 3.25 per order, plus sales tax of about 8% plus some other tax of 17 % (i think this is services tax) For the amount we paid the food was quite basic and im sure i could have got a better burger in some restaurant outside if i had made the effort to go out. but i suppose thats the whole point of room service.in any case, this shouldnt draw you from going to the hotel.You will be right in the centre of new york so its easy to find something to eat round the corner.Also front desk were really helpful, but had some difficulty understanding me as most of them were french and i was english.No big deal, by the end of my stay i knew them all on first name terms and i learnt to speak a bit slower to accomodate them.ok i think thats it - to conclude, great hotel, if you can get the executive suites at a good price, i suggest book . Watch out for the taxes but thats just new york. Would go back to the sofitel again. I pretty much know all the hotels in new york because of the amount of research i did for the holiday and i think this is one of the best ones going for the price you can pay!!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice to be back Hadn鈥檛 been to New York for about 10 years so being nervous about returning to the city after all that time, I decided to stick with a chain I knew, have stayed at the chain in Cannes France on many occasions, which is very impressive. Forgotten how expensive hotels in NYC could be, 479 without tax for a queen room. On arrival very impressed, Large lobby, plenty of places to sit  unwind but was disappointed with the first room given, no 316. Air conditioning was outside window so couldn鈥檛 sleep  I just didn鈥檛 feel that the room was worth the money. Asked to be moved, no problem, upgraded to a king bed, I think but more on that later,  the room was simply in a different class. Beautiful bed and bathroom. No view was an initial disappointment but after along day it was nice to be able to shut the world out as the room was just so quite it was difficult to remember you were in NYC. I would have given the hotel 3 stars for the original room at the rate paid, a beautiful hotel lobby cannot compensate for an average room causing lack of sleep but after the upgrade I think 5 stars is appropriate. Overall very clean, hotel about 4 years old, excellent location  would highly recommended. Emailed them 2x about the type of room given in anticipation for a future stay but after 2 weeks still no response.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AnywhereUSA310
<Content>A Paradise Compared to Other New York Hotels After two horrible nights at the Algonquin, I got smart and moved down the street to the Sofitel. For exactly $10 more a night than I was paying at the Algonquin, I got a room that was four times the size of my dingy miserable room at the Algonquin. At the Algonquin, I looked out at a airshaft. At the Sofitel, I was on the 24th floor, with a nice view of the skyline. At the Algonquin, there was a miniscule bathroom with a combination tub, shower. At the Sofitel, I had a huge, beautiful bathroom with separate shower and tub, lots of counter space, nice French toiletries and a makeup mirror. At the Alongquin, there were two tiny elevators that you had to wait forever for. At the Sofitel, there were four huge elevators that came immediately.The Sofitel room was nicely layed out, with two chairs to sit in by the window, a nice desk to work at and ample closet space. Someone else at this site complained about the turndown service. I thought it was great. I didn't even know they had turndown service (they certainly didn't at the Alongquin) and I left clothes strewn on my bed - when I came back at night, the clothes were all neatly folded, my bed turned down, the curtains closed, a bottle of Evian on the nightstand, together with the next day's weather forecast. Lovely! The staff also couldn't have been nicer or more helpful, with no attitude (unlike at some of the more trendy hotels in NYC). Perhaps the thing I liked the best at the Sofitel was that it was dead quiet. I heard no street noise whatsoever, nor any noise from any of the other rooms. I also loved the fact that the curtains completely blocked out the light at night (at the Algonquin, they had these strange blinds that did not completely darken the room). Someone else on this site complained that at the Sofitel your morning wake-up call is not from a live person (it's just a ring on the phone). As for me, I don't care about chatting with a live operator for my morning wake-up call - what I value is quiet and a spacious, attractively furnished room and I got that at the Sofitel for a very reasonable price. I'll be back.P.S. My only quibble with the Sofitel was the bar (I didn't try the restaurant). For a French hotel, they didn't have a very good selection of French wines by the glass and the white wine was served over-chilled. But those are really very minor quibbles - there are a million other places to go for a drink in the neighborhood.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LMS39
<Content>Quietly elegant! I brought my mother-in-law to NYC for the first time on Columbus Day and wanted our room to be perfect. We were not disappointed with the Sofitel. Although the city was exceptionally crowded and noisey due to the holiday parades, we found luxurious tranquility from the moment we entered the front door. Every staff person we encountered was friendly, helpful and respectful. They performed their duties impecably without being obtrusive or pushy. The room was very clean with single beds more like doubles. The bedding was immaculate with the look and feel of being brand new. The bathroom was gorgeous with a shower stall the size of many NY bathrooms. The fresh orchid and candle in the bathroom and the thick terry cloth robes and slippers were the extra little touches that made us feel as if we were staying at a European Spa. If you are looking for hi-tech flash and urban splash, the Sofitel is not for you, but if you can appreciate understated elegance and Old World sensibilities, you will not be disappointed with the Sofitel.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mrpapa93
<Content>What you expect from a top hotel After spending a few nights at the Hudson Hotel, the Sofitel was a godsend! Simple, clean, elegant and large rooms. The service was good from the front desk, the concierge and the doormen. The next time I am in New York the Sofitel will be getting my business.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Central to Everything Hotel is in a very central location and you can walk to most attractions. Restaurant in Hotel was a disappointment - only French cuisine. Could walk to most attractions and grand central station. Rooms were very roomy which is rare in New York City. Would stay again.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>"Bonjour" does not make a luxury experience!!!! I stayed in this hotel in November and was quite frankly very disappointed with it. The hotel would rank at the level of any other typical chain hotel and definitely not a luxury hotel as it relates to services, although the design is acceptable and not outstanding.I had a need to print a document and neither the concierge nor the front desk could help me. They kept passing me to one another and finally upon my persistance they sent me to their so called business center in the corner of the lobby to print my document on my own and without any assistance. Turn down service was nothing but to flip my bedspread over on a bed that was used by me during the day to lie on and had been terrbly wrinkled. No ice, no replacement of the used towels, nothing special at all and the wake up call was done with a machine instead of a human being. No doorman or bellman ever greeted or opened the doors when coming to or leaving the hotel.The icing on the cake was when I called to inquire about my trimmer that I possitively left in the bathroom, a machine took a message and after four days someone called and left a message that they did not have it. No offer of apology or replacement whatsoever. For $280 a night, I expect much better services than was given in this hotel. I would rather have had a first class service commitment from a hotel than a bonjour machine wake up call!!!  
<Date>Dec 18, 2004
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Sofitel NY We loved the Sofitel NY! We just got back from a 4 day trip to NYC and loved it. Christmas time is the best time to experience NYC. Everyone was very nice and the city looked even more beautiful with x-mas lights. We were a bit scared booking online and paying over $1100.00 for the rooms but we couldn't have been more satisfied! As soon as we walked into the marbled floor lobby I knew we had made the right choice. The staff was very friendly and with the loyalty card, sign up online at the sofitel website for free, we received a welcome cocktail. Our room was on the 27th floor with a spectacular view, like requested. The room was sooo clean and the bathrooms were wonderful. We each got a bathrobe and slippers and every night our bed was turned down and we were left one bottle of water, chocolates, flowers, and the next day's weather forecast. The location made the hotel even better. We were walking distance from everything like Times Square, 5th Ave., Park Ave., and the Today show. If it is your first time in NYC I suggest you stay at Sofitel and take the Sightseeing Tour, they are wonderful and very informative. The best restaurant would be Del Frisco, pricey but great!  
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just average My husband and I spent three nights during the week of Thanksgiving at the Sofitel. I booked the room based on location, and Trip Advisor reviews. We spent $299/night, and had a room on the 23rd floor. Our first impression was not favorable...there were no bellman at the entrance, and we lugged our bags to check-in. The room was standard...the carpeting was absolutely filthy. We would of asked to move, if we weren't so tired, and had already been informed at check-in that no upgrades were available. We were left 1 bottle of water nightly, with a sprig of orchids in the bathroom...not my idea of luxury. Most guests were European. The concierge was helpful in getting us a driver to the airport. We also ate breakfast at the Red Flame Diner several days, which was convienent and cheap. The best attribute is location. This hotel certainly does not rate close to the Ritz as trip advisor reviews suggest.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Travelbugtoo
<Content>Wonderful!!!! Our booking was messed up (NOT the fault of the hotel!)and we had to go to the Novitel for two nights until it was sorted out. We were upgraded to a suite on our return to the sofitel, which was fantastic, for the next five nights!!!!! Our friends were in a normal room and it was not nearly as good as ours! The staff were great without being intrusive. The bar is wonderful and it is definitely worth aquiring a Sofitel Privilege card!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>frskev
<Content>Just short of exceptional I stayed at the Sofitel over the Thanksgiving period. Was really looking forward to my stay after watching the reviews on this site. We arrived and entered through an exceptional lobby although no help with the bags.Check in was great, Francois was very helpful. We had two rooms booked and he arranged them on the 20th floor near to each other. One has a great view of the Chrysler building and the other a great view of the rockefeller center.The rooms were fine, excellent decor although the bathroom in one room was just starting to show some wear (on ceiling paintwork and wallpaper). Otherwise the bathrooms were fantastic, nice sink and wet room. Selection of shampoo/soap/gels was brilliant and the candle  orchid were nice touches. The bathroom overall was excellent, finished to a high standard, just needed a little bit of making good, 10 mins work to bring up to brand new standard.Bed area was brilliant. Free water at turndown was nice, although the maid came very early one evening before 1800. Bath robe and slippers in the lit closet were nice.We did not use the restaurant although it looked nice enough. We opted to take breakfast at the red flame diner at the end of the block which served a good breakfast with quick efficient service. There is also a starbucks at the rear of the hotel.Checkout was equally efficient. The only thing that stops me from giving this hotel the highest rating was the attitude of the concierge on the last day. We stored our bags whilst we went out the conceirge who did this, Chris was very good. When we reclaimed them a different conceirge was on duty, he made little if any eye contact at all and did not say a single word, he just called a porter over to get the bage out. I found this unacceptable, it seems that some guests were more worthy of his assistance than others.Overall though very good hotel and I would return.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Flawless I got a great rate ($189/night) via Playbill and impeccable, hassle-free service. This is a great location with very quiet rooms, perfect for seeing Broadway shows and Times Square.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LLRS1
<Content>Great Value This was my first time at the Sofitel. I have stayed at many NYC hotels, and I think that this is my favorite overall. I have stayed in rooms that cost twice as much that were not as beautiful, clean, and quiet as this one.Our twin room was fairly large and very clean. The bathroom was beautiful, well laid-out, and spotless. I was surprised at how quiet the hotel was. We slept very well and did not hear a sound all night long - not from other guest rooms nor from the street. I will definitely try to stay here on my next visit to NYC.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Value but not cheap The French staff must have been in good form as we had fine service, including the front desk and bar. While checking in, our room was switched as I remembered to confirm our request for a quiet, non-smoking room (the original choice had been near the elevator). I took a bath in candlelight (nice touch) and found both the bathroom and bedroom clean  comfortable. Light turns on when you open the closet, nicely arranged, with lots of thought in design and extras. Only wish the room had a coffee machine. We go to NYC fairly often and this was our first stay here; normally we splurge once a year on a W hotel. Beds at W are better, but otherwise Sofitel may have the edge. Not as trendy.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LPW
<Content>Concierge couldn't be more helpful The concierges Vladimir and Rene were very helpful: Vlad confirmed our helicopter trip, Rene chose and booked us a table at the Gotham Bar  Grill. Hotel is very smart and excellent location between 5th and 6th on 44th St. Twin deluxe room on 21st floor with view of the GE building - though Travelocity website had said there were views of Chrysler/Empire.Top tip: Go to the Sofitel website and order a privilege card (which is free): This will enable you to check out as late as 4pm (usually 12 noon) and a welcome cocktail from the Gaby bar - these would have been $11 each so well worth filling out your details online!Only criticism was the car that the porter organised for the trip back to JFK - when the driver received a more 'lucrative' phonecall/booking, we were passed over to a yellow cab driver who only received $40 of the $55 we had given the first driver to give to the taximan. Seems there are some thieves wherever you go.On the whole, I would recommend this hotel for its location, big rooms, lovely bathroom and the concierge service.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just lovely Stayed in Sofitel 18-Oct - 23-Oct. Part on honeymoon and executive suite was just lovely. Had a great time and agree that the atmosphere is totally relaxing  location perfect. Ate in Gaby restaurent and the food was great - cocktails in bar very nice too :-)))Loved New York and would come back and stay in Sofitel (hope to next year) - have recommended it to friends.Thank you  X  
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would definitely recommend I booked this hotel on the basis of the reviews I read on Trip Advsier, and was not disappointed. I took my Mum to NY for 4 days, and wanted to make it special - and it was. Good value for its great location... we walked everywhere. And the conceirge was lovely - v helpful. I would return without hesitation.I went in August 2004 but forgot to put this review up at the time - sorry.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad for $299 Good location. Close to everything yet still has quiet atmosphere.You must be willing to tolorate the French, staff and guests alike. Famously indifferent and cold.One of the best bathrooms I've ever see. Very Clean.Did have to switch rooms upon arrival as our first room had a broken bed and stains all over the carpet. The quickly responded and we were satisfied.The bed is of Holiday Inn quality, nothing more.The Concierge was not staffed with dedicated personal and hardly usefull or inviting.I rate this Above Average only because we paid $299. per night. Other rates in the 400+ range would bring this down to an Average Hotel.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sofitel is Fantastic I got a last minute deal on this hotel and didn't know what to expect. I was completing thrilled, however. The room was luxurious and extremely comfortable. Everything was clean and well-maintained. Service was fantastic. And talk about a great location. Just blocks from Grand Central, Times Square--I felt like I was right in the middle of everything. I will definately stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty Good Recently spent 5 nights at the Sofitel and had booked based entirely on the positive reviews from Tripadvisor. Weren't disappointed at all - spacious room, courteous staff, decent sized bathroom with separate shower, central location. The only minor drawbacks were a couple of slightly worrying stains on the carpet  curtains (axe murderer as previous guest ?), a highly complicated TV (we gave up!) and the fact that they the bellboys lost our stored luggage on the last day and took a hell of long time to find it ! These were only minor things and certainly woudn't stop me from staying there again or recommending it to friends.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful I stayed at the Sofitel, 5 Nights,from 14 October 04, with my Partner. The location of the hotel, was fantastic, close to all of New York's attraction, it is located on 44th Street, west. The room was very good, with marble bathroom, we were on the 22nd floor, and had great views of some of the buildings close by, the staff at the hotel were friendly throughout. I am coming back here next year, staying at this hotel. I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lives up to expectations Stayed 4 nights in the Sofitel in May 04. Booked a suite, got the best deal from their website. Staff, room and view were excellent. I simply can't complain and would certainly choose the Sofitel again.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mrbear
<Content>Terrriffic!!! Having stayed at many New York hotels over the past 25 years, I expected the Sofitel to be the same old, same old. What a surprise. Not only is it in a terrific location, but is truly a terrific value.The staff is exceptionally professional and service-oriented, from those at Reception to those who did a splendid job on the room.Nice touches...turned down bed, small box of chocolates to the French shampoo in the bathroom. The room was comfortable and quiet.Highly recommended...one of the best hotel experiences I have had in my favourite city.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kennio
<Content>Very Nice....wouldn't give me a bandaid when I cut myself on door. Nice friendly staff. I did catch my finger in the door and cut it pretty badly and the front desk would not give me a band-aid which was not cool at all. For the most part it was great location and nice and clean.The concierge asked me what I was doing that evening and then gave me two $100 tickets to a show. So taking the good with the bad....I would stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent We stayed at the Sofitel for 7 nights from 2 October 2004. The moment we walked into the hotel I knew I had made the right choice. I had based my decision solely on the reviews here on Trip Advisor. All the staff were very polite  helpful. There were plenty of staff at reception so you never had to wait more than a few seconds to be attended to. The standard double room was very spacious, with an attractive bathroom that comprised bath  separate shower cubicle. We asked the concierge to recommend a fairly relaxed, reasonably priced Italian restaurant in the area and the one she recommended, the Resette, was perfect. Being a business hotel the breakfast can be a bit pricey but the Red Flame Diner, about 5 doors down from the hotel, is a traditional American diner that provides a fantastic breakfast for great value. The queues tell all but don't be put off - the queue moves fast. The location of the hotel is also ideal. 15 minutes leisurely walk to the Empire State Building in one direction  less than 10 minutes walk to Times Square in another direction. The hotel is located right between 5th  6th Avenues so you really are right in the centre of Manhattan but it's on a relatively quiet street. We saw a Broadway show one night  returned to the hotel on foot at 1am. The walk back to the hotel took approx 10 mins via main streets and is well lit. We felt perfectly safe. We definitely want to return to New York  we would definitely return to the Sofitel.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow Well what can I say that others haven't already said. Excellent location right in the heart of Manhattan, just off 5th Ave, shop 'til you drop!Hotel was clean with impressive lobby and the check in/check out was friendly and effecient. We had an executive king suite on the 26th, the view is maybe not as good as the hotels situated next to Central Park but is not bad and looks better at night when everything is lit up. Rooms were cleaned daily with a turn down service and cleaned and maintained to a high standard. Had 2 Tv's and CD player in the room, bathrooms had a wonderful deep, deep bath, and a very effecient seperate shower. Good quality bath/shower products were provided along with bathrobes and slippers.Breakfasts were good and also the bar snacks although we never dined at the hotel in the evening, so cannot comment on that. The only minor negative comment I can make is that sometimes the waiters in the bar done a disappearing act and you sat and waited some time for someone to attend to you. It did not seem to occur to the the waiter/waitress behind the bar to call someone to take your order. By English standards the drinks and food were not expensive when compared to hotels of a similiar standard in England. All in all this was a great trip and the hotel room and staff in general were above average. Would hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone visiting NYC.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pinsey
<Content>Superb!!! Superb hotel. The most unique and eclectic hotel i've ever stayed in. I am usually a priceline shopper - not sold on a particular hotel, but this is the exception. It is worth seeking out this hotel and staying there. $200.00 mid week rate on their web site.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>canuck50
<Content>First rate Just back from 3 nights at the Sofitel. After hours of dizzying research on line, settled on this hotel...not sorry. For a one-nighter we might have gone for something less, but we were so happy to have this pleasant retreat to return to after a day of sightseeing. The bed was wonderful, bath was spotless, maid service was attentive (towels changed 2xday)....all in all a first rate experience in our opinion. Location served us well....prices are what prices are in NYC...after a while you just go with it!!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel Stayed 4 nights in mid-August. Excellent hotel, super clean, quiet, nice views, and great air conditioning on hot August days. Really, not a single complaint. For those going online, free WIFI in lobby (which is a great spot for a small business meeting) or $9.95 per day high-speed Internet access in room.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Stay We stayed at the Sofitel from 23-28th August. We got married in the Empire State Building during our stay so it was important to us that the hotel was just what we wanted and after a lot of research (and going on previous reviews here) we picked the Sofitel and it was the perfect choice. We had an Executive King Suite with a great view including the Chrysler building. It was very roomy (lounge/bedroom/hall/dressing area etc), was spotlessly clean and totally soundproofed - we didn't hear a thing from either inside or outside the hotel the whole time we were in the room! The bathroom was gorgeous and throughout the suite and in all the public rooms the decor is lovely - modern but not too modern and it all looks brand new. The bed was very comfortable and the room so calming - a great place to relax and chill out after a day in the city. The location is very central  every member of staff we came accross was polite and friendly. On one occasion we couldn't lock our door and it was put right the instant we reported it - I've never had such quick service! When we left to get married we intended to take a cab and the doorman (William I think) instead of calling a cab summoned us a merecdes seemingly out of nowhere. The hotel also put champagne and chocolates in our room with a note of congratulations. Others in our party stayed at a variety of 45* hotels in the city while we were there and we all agreed that the Sofitel was the best. I am fussy about hotels but honestly can't think of any negative points about our stay here. We will definately be returning to New York - its an amazing city - and without any doubt will be staying at the Sofitel on our future trips. Apart from the hotel the Red Flame diner is a great breakfast experience (is a few doors down from the hotel), the Algonquin (next door) perfect for romantic cocktails and the River Cafe under the Brooklyn Bridge is awesome in every way and a 'must-do' for any special occassions!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Still the best! This was our second stay at the Sofitel Manhattan. From sept. 18 to 25, we stayed 5 nights. Just like last May, the service was impeccable, the staff always helpful. I had requested a room with a view on the Chrysler building, which was given to us by a very kind man at the reception. The concierge unfortunately was not able to locate one of the best-known store for us, and we had to find it by ourselves. Apart from this very minor thing, the room was always super-clean with service twice a day, the bathroom was great, the location was unbeatable. We already know that our next trip in NYC will include nights at the Sofitel Manhattan, and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for great quality and even luxury, for a still afordable price (the euro/USD exchange rate making it even easier for us from Europe).  
<Date>Sep 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>All is well at the Sofitel Everything was outstanding during our stay on Labor Day weekend. Having the opportunity to return the next weekend for a business meeting at the Waldorf and compare the two, the Sofitel blew it away. It is all about the little things, and they understand that here.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay in NYC I am very picky about hotels, and was very satisfied with my stay here. I selected this hotel after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor, and was not disappointed. The room was VERY clean, the bathroom was great, and the hotel was in a great location. The price was very reasonable too. I would definitely stay here again for future trips to NYC.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Recommended but not bad!!! I stayed at Sofitel New York at the end of August for 4 nights. After the searches among the other hotels according to the reviews and the photos of the hotels we decided to choose this one. The hotel was not very quality as we thought, the front desk staff was rude, they do not know smiling. Room was very small, the decoration was ok. Amenities are ok also not a big deal. The location was very good for us very close to Times Square and Broadway. You should not expect any view, we were on 23rd floor and after we requested a room with view and we changed our room for this reason, I do not call it as view, it was just another building instead of a wall. But the thing that I cannot forget is the bed was the most comfortable one that I have ever slept, it was incredible. Overall the hotel does not reflect Sofitel quality and service as known.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Joncro
<Content>Fine Choice First rate hotel. It's not as impressive as the best in NYC but for the money it deserves an excellent rating. Super clean, modern but not too modern, rooms a bit snug, excellent service, unbeatable location just west of 5th Ave on 44th St. We've always stayed at the NY Palace but would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Please Read! You won't be disappointed! The hotel is very modern, classy,elegant with a millenium european flair that caters to all races, mature ages 30+, and cultures. ALL employees including restaurant staff made me feel welcomed. Previously, when traveling to NYC, I stayed at the Marriott Righa Royal and the Marquis in Times Square....but never truly happy with my choice. This hotel BY FAR, tops them both. Sofitel New York is almost next door to the Alonquin Hotel. Due to reading the reviews of that hotel, I went inside to feel the vibe....YUCK. It felt like the OLD LAS VEGAS....ELVIS STYLE. The Sofitel is the COMPLETE OPPOSITE!My room was the Executive Suite w/ King Size Bed. A lot of space, beautiful furniture, sliding door that separted the bedroom from the living room, 2 tv's, separate shower from the tub, marble bathroom floors, robes, comfy slippers, and plenty of space for 2 people. Sparkling clean with room service 3x a day. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL. Please try it.I am glad I did! I am considering this hotel, my NYC vacation spot.Thank you Sofitel Staff for being truly remarkable and valuing your customers. I wish all of Manhattan had your caring and professional service.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Wonderful Wonderful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My daughter  I spent 5 nights in August at the Sofitel New York. It was our 1st trip to NYC and I can鈥檛 imagine it being any better at any other hotel. We hope to return next year and I will stay at the Sofitel New York again. I can鈥檛 say enough about the staff, the location and the city. I want to go back ASAP.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great! We stayed at the Sofitel, NYC over Labor Day weekend and it was very nice, great staff, and quiet. We were given a 23rd-floor room with a sweet view of the GE building. The hotel was very quiet with new furnishings and decor. Had breakfast at the Red Flame down the street 2 mornings and at Fitzpatrick's near Grand Central Station (a bargain for Irish breakfast). The location can't be beat. Only drawback was that the bed was a bit hard. Bathroom was great, though.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a quiet haven in the heart of New York Selected this hotel because of the good reviews it received on trip advisor. We were not disappointed!! It is a sophisticated hotel, with stylish rooms and comfortable beds. We had a great stay!!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sofitel - Cannot recommend highly enough They say it pays to book the best hotel you can in New York and this hotel proves it. Right from the welcome from the door/concierge staff (who were very friendly and useful throughout the stay) to the reception staff, the turndown service staff, the bar staff and the housekeeping this hotel is well managed and provides the ideal base for a visit to New York. One and half blocks from Times Square, yet in a relatively quiet area, and handy for Grand Central Station, this hotel could not be better placed for a visit to NY.Our visit was well managed with room requests quickly sorted. We had two rooms on the 23rd floor which we could close off to make a virtual suite. The views were tremendous.The standard of the rooms was very high and the facilities second to none. The provided toiletries were better than at any other hotel I have stayed at but beware the mini bar prices!This hotel is highly recommended. I have visited NY several times over the years and I will be recommending this hotel and returning myself. French flair in New York.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top of the line compared to average NYC hotel standard Compared to the average standard NYC hotels, this is top of the line. True, compared to standard of top hotels in general, it does not differentiate itself remarkably, BUT the Sofitel can offer:-clean rooms/bathrooms-smiling, polite, helpfull and attentive staff - everyone from roomservice to hotel manager-nice design, hotel not worn yet-great locationand of course an expensive breakfastI'm going to NYC in two weeks and for sure will stay in the Sofitel.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PleaseDont
<Content>A lovely and welcoming oasis in the city Just got back from three nights at the Sofitel. A friend and I (both female) stayed in a twin room that we reserved on their website for $199 for the first two nights and $239 for the third (the Saturday before the RNC convention). We were delighted with the hotel. We arrived at nearly 2 am and were greeted warmly. They were giving us a room on the 17th floor when I mentioned something about liking a view, and they changed us to the 22nd floor. The view was very enjoyable (not spectacular, but there are a lot of tall buildings in the area, as someone else mentioned). The beds were VERY comfortable (they seemed wider than normal twins). Nice robes, nice towels, beautiful big bath with nice furnishings and products. The air conditioning was very good, and the sound-proofing excellent (we opened the lower window in the morning and were surprised at the noise). We ordered room-service coffee each morning, which arrived hot and fresh in short order. I will look for Chris at the concierge desk next time, based on reviews here--I had called ahead to try to get tickets for a particular show and spoke to a different concierge, who was basically no help.My only suggestion to the hotel would be more drawer space--there is only one small drawer in the desk/console, which is already filled with stationery, etc., and two square drawers in the beside table, one of which is already filled with phone books. We never tried the lobby bar as the light was always off--maybe next time. We appreciated the bottles of Evian (one hot and humid morning we noticed a stack of bottles and a stack of towels next to the front door--nice touch!). The location is terrific. I will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hab
<Content>Hotel nice. Do not use valet parking. Beware!! Husband and I stayed at Sofitel New York to celebrate our anniversary weekend. Room was very nice. We've stayed in other Times Square area hotels with substandard rooms. Lobby was welcoming and very relaxing. Candles, tables, nice furniture etc. Nice to relax, read, rest your feet. Although this may seem small it's a great asset in the middle of New York City. Most hotels do NOT offer such a nice, peaceful lobby environment. Actual was very clean. Important!!! Bathroom was clean. Important!!! View was great! Important! Room had small table and chairs. Nice! Front desk staff very nice. Doorman and concierge staff very nice and helpful. Okay....the bad news. We parked our Toyota Landcruiser using hotel valet service. I was a little leary because someone drives your car to a parking garage at another location. My husband said let's go ahead and do it. I preferred to park across the street (diagonal) from the hotel for twelve dollars cheaper (not much but.....). We used valet service. Next day upon checking out our truck was brought by valet service. My husband checked the driver side of the vehicle and asked me to check to the passenger side. I found a nice sized scratch on the rear quarter panel. Mind you...we detail our truck every week so....we know what scratches were there. Once wd notified the hotel doorman, he called the head of security who was STANDOFFISH! He was obviously not thrilled that he had to deal with our problem but neither were we! After all we paid $40.00 for parking and a SCRATCH! It took us over an hour for pictures to be taken, report written etc. To date (over two weeks ago) we still have not heard from the representative from the parking garage. My husband has left several messages. The person in charge is never available....hmmmm????? I would recommend the hotel (maybe) but not the valet parking. If you value your car and do not want any extra dents or scratches....do NOT use VALET. Once I hear from parking staff (if ever)....I'll post a follow up.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sophisticated Sofitel We have just returned from staying at the Sofitel as part of our honeymoon (11-13 August) which we booked on expedia. We found the Hotel to be very modern and sophisticated, a vast improvement on other hotels we have stayed in in New York on previous trips. The location is superb, convenient for Times Square but also conveniently located away from the hustle and bustle of the same. Door staff and reception staff were extremely polite and friendly. The Concierge staff were excellent and we were very pleased with their recommendations for places to eat and drink. The Concierge was good at translating our wishes into good suggestions. Having had the benefit of an upgrade on account of our honeymoon our King room was extremely well presented and spacious particularly for a hotel in NYC. We have stayed in 5 star hotels with much less to offer. Our only gripe, and it is not a major one, relates to the hotel bar. Having arrived back to the hotel from a night at the theatre ( we saw Sly Fox which was very funny!) we were disappointed at the manner in which we were rushed to finish our drinks because of general activity from staff in the bar and restaurant that indicated that the bar was closing and maybe we were keeping people from going home.However, we would go back.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>YoMan
<Content>Very Good Hotel, Spacious Suites Near Theatre District My family and I stayed here for 3 nights in August, 2004. This hotel has a central location for most mid-town activities. 44th street is somewhat busy and not particularly attractive, but the hotel itself is very nice and is tastefully decorated. We stayed in a suite, which had a nice living area and good bathroom with separate tub and shower. While large for NYC, the suites here are not as big as Chicago Water Tower. Gaby's restaurant was excellent. Room service was very fast (20 min on average). Room service food was good, but somewhat limited menu. I would stay here again. However just to counter earlier reviewers that stated this is better than 4 seasons NYC. I definitely disagree. Stayed at the 4 seasons as well on this trip, see separate review. The 4 Seasons is a cut above, both in room quality and service. Of course it is twice the price as well. For Value and a high quality room, Sofitel is the winner. For that extra luxury and pampering, and upscale location in shopping area, choose the 4 seasons.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome One of my most pleasant experiences. I went to the Sofitel with my husband not knowing that much about their properties except that this location was right in the heart of where I wanted to be. First off, this hotel has a very classy feel and ambiance as soon as you enter the door. I thought the room was tastefully done and the view was nice, not great, but what do you expect when your so close to Times Square with all those high rise buildings around you. I was able to get tickets to a broadway show thanks to the wonderful concierge Chris, who also booked us a table at a great restauraunt on short notice. If you stay at the Sofitel, I recommend him very highly to take care of your needs. We needed a late check out and I was able to get an extension by a lovely lady at the front desk named Tammy. I really felt appreciated and was so happy me and my husband were able to have an enjoyable weekend without the usual hustle and bustle that I've experienced at other hotels who only care about the botton line. Was checked out by the bellhop Frankie who was very charming and helpful. I can't find any reason Not to stay here.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>milhouse
<Content>OK With the sole exception of the location, everything, I mean everything, about the hotel is merely average for an upper scale hotel - which means that it's pretty nice (nothing more). And while it might be nice, it certainly falls a long long long long way from the likes of the Waldorf Towers, The Plaza, etc... I understand liking this hotel because of its central location and decent (stress decent) accomodations, but all of these glowing reviews have me wondering why everyone believes this hotel to be so much more than it really is. Folks, it is a far cry from one of the top hotels in the world.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location, Great Hotel (with a minor exception) We booked the Sofitel online for $160 per night (awesome deal!) and were very impressed with the hotel. It is centrally located (not too far north or south), and maintains a boutique feel. The staff was excellent and helpful. They even told me where to get cheaper tickets to Phantom when I inquired with the Concierge. We were always greated with Bonjour.Regarding the room, it was larger than what you would expect in NYC - incredible bathroom with marbled floors and walls, a full bath and separate shower stall. My only comment was about their internet. For some reason, it didn't work in our room and when we called the front desk, they said they'd send someone up - 15 minutes later, someone came up and gave us new cables, still didn't work. Then I called the 3-rd party 800 number associated with the service and fiddled with it for another 1/2 hour. When that didn't work, they said they'd contact the hotel directly and work it out with them. Well, they never called and when I called the front desk, they apologized profusely and said someone would be up. Someone did come up - and handed us a new set of cables - urgh. In the end, it just wasn't worth the hassle. At least they tried, though.Outside of that, everything was wonderful.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Most enjoyable stay Having made a reservation at the hotel in late July of this year based on the recommendations of this site, I have to admit to being very impressed. The staff were very courteous and extremely helpful, the room was very spacious and furnished to a high standard with excellent facilities. The central location of the hotel and access to the local transportation make it an ideal place for site seeing. The room rate is very competitive for the standard offered and compares exceptionally well against other hotels of a similar, and higher, rating. Having been fortunate to stay in a number of the finest hotels in NYC this has been one of the best experiences to date - it is not quite the Plaza, but is significantly better than the Waldorf. I would have no hessitation in recommending this hotel and if I were to offer any criticism it would be the same one levelled at most hotels i.e. overpriced mini-bar.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CLascelles
<Content>Fantastic! We spent 5 nights at this hotel earlier in the year, and had a truly marvellous time. The staff were helpful and polite (saying, Bonjour and Bonsoir to us every time we walked past them), and the room was gorgeous with a nice, big, comfortable bed, and quite a nice view of the city. Also, the bathroom was extremely clean and well-presented, and the toiletries smelt absolutely delicious!It's definitely worth getting a Sofitel card, as we had one, and got a free drink in the bar and a late check-out with it. It's also worth shopping around for the best price; we used Airline Network's website and only paid around $180 a night for the room, which is brilliant considering the hotel's central location. All in all, we had a wonderful trip to the States (our first time there), and will definitely stay at the Sofitel when we're next in New York.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel! Just got back last week after spending 11 nights at Sofitel. We had a great room on the 29th floor with a wonderful view. The room was very nicely appointed and the bathroom was wonderful with both a tub and shower. The hotel restaurant, Gabby's, was also great, though a bit expensive. I will never stay at another hotel in NY other than Sofitel--you can't go wrong!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I want to go back!!! Wonderfull!!! I went for my 16 th birthday and absoultly loved it. Only five mintues from times square and with really helpfull staff ( who can always manage to get you a yellow cab since their so hard to get!) and with a wonderfull bathroom with a power shower! Make sure you go to the ticket booth in the center of times square as you can get half price tickets and make sure you go on a carraige ride in central park. Its your own personal guide, who'll tell you everything and even all the triva bits like what movies were in the park and what not. Only bit of advice, leave lots of time for the empire state building, Its worth the vist but you have to queue for ages inside, so make sure you do it in the day although its pictureresque at night. The hotels excellent though! makes you feel like a movie star!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AZheat
<Content>Had a wonderful time at the Sofitel My husband and I stayed at the Sofitel July 9  10th. The hotel is everything we expected and then some. We were on the 10th floor exec. suite. The room was wonderful, clean, and very large. The special touches of candels and flowers in the bathroom were perfect, everything about the room was to our satisfaction.The location was great for us, near Time Square, Empire State Bldg, Grand Central St., Central Park was a 20 minute brisk walk, we loved it. If your in new york during good weather walk over to Bryant Park around happy hour time, it's just a few blocks away , the desk will give you directions , its a beautiful park with outdoor bars and restaurants with a great crowd to mix with or just people watch. Dining note: the best pizza I have ever had (and I'm italian) is a place in the village called Lombardi's, brick oven cooked it's worth the wait and subway trip over, plus the village is a fun place to see. Our trip was perfect and the Sofitel is not to be missed.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>guye
<Content>Unremarkable We stayed here for four nights in July essentially on the strength of previous reports here on Tripadvisor. This was our first trip to New York, and we were particularly pleased with the location of this hotel; it was very close (10mins walk max) to Times Square, Fifth Avenue, Central Park, and the Empire State building.Apart from the location we found little else exceptional about this hotel. We had a reasonably pleasant two-bed room on the sixth floor where the decor was a little tired, the view was of the building across the road, and the bathroom was small but functional. The public areas were well furnished and we found the staff fairly pleasant. The rate we paid ($300 / night in July) was not excessive, and perhaps our expectations had been raised by all the great reviews here, but I sincerely hope this isn't the best hotel in New York. We'll be trying somewhere else when we return in December.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel in NY!!! This is the best hotel in NY, my wife and I live in CT and stay here every 3 months or so to get away.They have the nicest rooms and the best service.I stayed in a suite last time on the top floor..best view in NY one window had the empire state another had the crysler, and the next was the GE building. Bathrooms have speakers in the from the TV, shower and bath..Just a great hotel...Much better than the marriott or sharaton's....same $$ too...  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great! just back from a 3 night Expedia NY adventurebooked a queen room...was advised at check-in that the room was on the 6th flr...having read reviews here i requested a room higher up (20th flr +) for a view  they accomodated the request politely with a room on the 28th flr (but it was a smoking room)...got to the room,  it was in great shape despite the smoking ...only disapointment came when we looked out the window  found there really wasn't much of a view from the corner room we were in!...ah well....the rest of the stay was great NY was sizzling, ate at the red flame  was pleased with the food  service...would definitely recommend  return!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AnnieB
<Content>Great value for a fabulous hotel This hotel has everything! The rooms are well-appointed with beautiful modern marble baths. The hotel is close to everything from Times Square to Central Park, NBC studios, Grand Central Station and great shopping on 5th Avenue. You couldn't ask for a more gracious and friendly staff.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We'll be returning to the Sofitel My husband and I travel to New York each year and have stayed at some of the best hotels in town. After our first stay at the Sofitel, we have proclaimed it to be our new hotel of choice. The accomodations (we had an executive suite), service, price (summer rates), and location were great and I look forward to our next visit!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous service, great location! I booked a trip to celebrate my daughter's graduation and used the reviews on tripadvisor.com to help me make a decision. We were not disappointed. From the moment we got out of our cab, we were treated like royalty. I always judge a place by the way the staff makes me feel. And they were wonderful. I also can't say enough about the rooms. The marble bathrooms are luxurious, with a full tub and separate shower. Of course, the location is superb. We would definitely stay here again. If you take this advice, also head to db bistro moderne for dinner, which is two doors down from Sofitel. We had one of the best restaurant experiences ever.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised! Spent 2 nights at the Sofitel in mid June of this year and everything was fantastic! Our suite was spacious, comfortable, and beautifully decorated. Room service for both breakfast and dinner was fabulous. Location was great - peaceful yet close enough to all the action. Each and every staff member was incredibly helpful and friendly. Would highly recommend staying here on your next trip to NYC.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Wonderful New York Hotel We stayed at the Sofitel July 8-10. I can not say enough good things about this hotel. The rooms are just lovely and large by New York standards. If you want a nice place to stay in New York, choose the Softel. You will not be disappointed. The Hotel bar, restaurant, and staff are just lovely. The workout room downstairs is nice and the equipment is well kept. Also, the Red Flame Restaurant is located just a few doors down towards Broadway. It is nice for breakfast and late night meals. The DB Bistro is also located a few doors down from the hotel toward Broadway. Make reservations before the Theater at this restaurant. It is very lovely.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>"Arrive with a smile, leave with a smile" This was my husband and my first trip to New York. We figured, what better way to spend the 4th of July, than in New York, under the Macy's fireworks display, and how AWESOME they were! We spent many hours reading reviews of various hotels, service and accomodations, before picking the Sofitel. The minute we arrived we knew we had picked the right hotel. The doorman met us cheerfully, removed and brought in our bags and answered any and all questions we had. Our room was not ready (we arrived at 11:00 and check in is at 3:00) so the concierge stored our bags and we left to explore grand central station. Upon returning to the hotel we were given our room, on the 24th floor!! Well worth waiting for. We had a beautiful view of the Chrysler building. It is so beautiful both day and night. The Sofitels location was wonderful. We walked almost everywhere, and if something was a little too far for walking we jumped on the subway at grand central (21/2 blocks away) using our metro card. There are restaurants and food venders everywhere so there is no shortage of choices. We ate breakfast quite often at the Red Flame Diner (5 or 6 doors down from the Sofitel) that offers a wide selection of hearty breakfasts for a very good price. The Sofitel is in walking distance to the broadway shows, shopping, central park, and the many museums. Location is key!! We even saw a T.V. personality check in at the Sofitel. I can't say enough about the Sofitel, the staff was very courteous and professional, rooms were extremely clean, lobby was classy and inviting. The Sofitel will again be our choice in the future.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ToKatya
<Content>Sofitel New York was wonderful! We stayed at the Sofitel New York Hotel for a weekend in July 2004. The hotel's location was perfect - in the heart of Manhattan, only a few blocks from the theatre where we had booked a Broadway show, and close to great New York shopping. We loved the staff of the hotel - always helpful and courteous. We also loved the design of the hotel and rooms. Housekeeping was meticulous and honestly, we couldn't have asked for more. When coming to New York again, I will choose this hotel again without hesitation!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kitty33
<Content>So-fi-fi-fabulous! We stayed at the Sofitel over the July 4th weekend after reading the reviews on this site. We received a very good rate on a king bed suite located on the 26th floor. WOW! Beautiful, comfortable, luxurious room with every amenity and detail you can imagine. The public areas of the hotel are beautiful and sophisticated. The staff are friendly and are willing to give you as much or as little attention as you desire. The rooms are simply to die for. Large marble bath with deep tub, separate shower, fluffy towels, wonderful and plentiful toiletries, great lighting etc. The room itself was plush and the furnishing were chic and comfortable. Many, many details! The closets are lighted and contained great robes, slippers, iron and board, tie and belt hooks, numerous wood and padded hangers, safe and other amenities. The lighting in the room and bath is extremely well done. I particularly the artwork and picture lights which gave the room a very sophisticated flair. Great view, 2 tv's with speaker in bath, sliding pocket doors between bedroom and sitting room, good, quiet AC with two separate thermostats in bedroom and sitting room. Many, many good pay-per-view movies and other online services.Housekeeping is flawless. Twice daily service with Evian water and next day's weather report supplied at turn down. Room service was good but VERY expensive, my only complaint. Fresh flowers in bath and on room service trays. Basically, they thought of every detail and did everything right!We liked the hotel so much that after we got there, we booked a room for my mother-in-law last minute as a special birthday treat. She had a regular queen room which was smaller, but spacious and had the same level of detail and luxury as our suite. I have stayed in over 20 NYC hotels over the years including the Plaza, Peninsula, Carlyle, Four Seasons etc. and have to say that this was by far my favorite NYC hotel experience. I was VERY impressed and will not hesitate to stay at a Sofitel anywhere in the world from now on. For value and luxury, simply the best!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Was there during the blackout I was really impressed with how the staff handled the blackout last summer. They had a generator that kept the elevators working until after 8 pm, so that we could get to our rooms. We had no idea that so many people were turned out of their rooms at other hotels just around the corner in Times Square. We slept peacefully in air-conditioned comfort that night. Some of the staff even stayed 24 hours, slept an hour or two up on the hotel roof and were there to serve breakfast the next morning. The whole thing was handled calmly and with abundant professionalism. Kudos to the very capable staff!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed at Sofitel for 6 nights in June. What can I say, great hotel,great location(9 mins run from Central Park!),friendly staff,had room on 5th floor so view not spectacular but paid 拢850 for duration which was good value for the class of hotel.Would definitely stay there again when in New York.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>what more could you ask for we spent the weekend at the Sofitel. We were impressed from the minute we walked through the doors. The staff were more helpful than we could have ever asked for. The rooms were fabulous and the location was central to everything that we wanted to see. All our requests were met and it made the difference between a good weekend away and a fabulous weekend away. A weekend spent just in the hotel would have been worth it. As has been said previously the flame grill just up the road is excellent for breakfast.enjoy  
<Date>Jul 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>doug036
<Content>Excellent hotel for a New York weekend Stayed at the Sofitel June 24-28 and loved it. Wonderful bathroom including first class amenities, bathroom candle, towel service twice daily, etc. All the staff encounters we had were great. Several of the front desk personnel are French. We were on the 20th floor and had a nice view of Rockefeller Center. Had dinner in the hotel dining room one evening as it was raining hard outside. Very good meal and top service although Gaby is not inexpensive. Two cups of decaf after dinner set us back $12. Starbucks, just out the hotel's back door, seems to get a great deal of hotel guest traffic. Had breakfast at the Red Flame two mornings. One was excellent and the other not very good but the place is worth a try. Of course, the Sofitel location is wonderful with easy access to everything either on foot or subway. Very convenient. Never waited for elevators which is so common in large hotels. Would certainly try to stay here again. Good choice for our long weekend in NYC.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Peaceful and relaxing Stayed at the Sofitel 6/19-24. Usually stay in Times Square area, but wanted to try a new area of NYC. The Sofitel was wonderful. The doormen were attentive; the front desk courteous, and the maid service was excellent. Fresh towels provided twice a day and when we asked for more, they were at our room within minutes with a stack of towels. There was turn down service, fresh flowers in bathroom, fluffy bathrobe to wear, and bottles of Evian water left nightly. Our room was on the 7th floor; view was nothing special from our room, but this hotel was so quiet, we slept like babies. The beds are very comfortable. Red Flame Grill next door is very good and reasonable. The bathrooms are spacious, separate shower, French toiletries provided. Only down side is no coffeemaker or fridge. That would have been nice. Prices in mini-bar were typically outrageous. Nice location, easy walk to theatres and Fifth Avenue, subway is two blocks away at 42/Bryant Park. Room was not that spacious and was expensive $274, but it was clean, safe, and a nice place to stay. Would go back again.   
<Date>Jun 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful weekend getaway We stayed there for Mother's Day weekend, May 7-9, 2004. It was our first time in NYC and we had a perfect weekend. The Sofitel was just like everyone had described in the reader reviews I had read before making reservations; i.e. large rooms, elegant bathrooms, convenient location, friendly staff, etc. We walked everywhere from here to all of the major tourist locations. We had breakfast at the Red Flame Diner which I highly recommend. Would stay there again on our next visit to NYC. My only complaint was that the one time I really needed help from the concierge, she wasn't helpful at all. She didn't even try to solve my problem. Maybe she was having a bad day!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would stay again in a New York Minute I loved this hotel!! I booked it through their website and we had a great room on the fourteenth floor. The bathrooms are the best!! I loved the separate glassed in shower and separate spa tub. The concierge staff was very friendly and helpful and the maid service was very attentive. The hotel places a little cardboard box of toiletries that includes a small packet of Smints. One night I ate the mints and the next night they had been replaced. There is even a votive candle in the bathroom that you can light to create the mood while taking a bath. Their bathtowels are huge. The only detail that was overlooked was that I requested an extra bath towel the first evening but we were never given that extra towel after our initial request. The towels were so large though that extra ones were not required.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CyclingFan
<Content>Perfection! The Sofitel met or exceeded all of our expectations on our recent trip (June 3 - 6). The staff were helpful when we needed them, and otherwise were completely unobtrusive. The rooms are spacious by NYC standards, and as has been said, the bathrooms are lovely. The lighting is phenomenal. Great location, steps from 5th avenue. Didn't eat at the restaurant, but we did stop in at the bar for a few cocktails after dining elsewhere. Lovely atmosphere and attentive staff. We'll definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ABSOLUTELY WONDERFUL I stayed at the Sofitel New York from May 20th to May 24th. It is a beautiful new hotel in a perfect location. The hotel is spotless and the room, which looked exactly as it does on the Sofitel web site pictures, included; a safe, iron/ironing board; bar fridge; terry robes, slippers, gorgeous marble bathroom with all the trimmings and twice a day towel service. The hotel is located 1/2 block from 5th Avenue and is about a 5 minute walk to Times Square. All staff were very courteous. The hotel has a luggage room in case you are early or are staying on after check-out, but in my case I was able to check in before 11 and check-out at 2pm - staff were very accommodating. I would defintely recommend this hotel and plan on staying there again. It is a great value for the amenities, location and style.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel Great hotel, great service....friendly people, nice workout room....nice bar...nice restaurant...beautiful bathroom w/ shower AND tub.One complaint: Shower was underpowered.Dave  
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good, clean, fun Just came back from staying at the Sofitel for 4 nights and was very pleased. Great location, very courteous staff, and - if you're lucky (I was!) - you can even get a view of the Chrysler building from your room. Don't expect anything extraordinary from the rooms, which are standard for a hotel of this grade (which is fine), although they are generously-sized for Manhattan. The restaurant is a bonus too: very good food and excellent staff. The Sofitel is a good safe bet: you won't be let down.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everything and more! I've just returned from a 5 day break in New York, the Sofitel is central to everything in walking distance to Macy's, Times Square etc.The Sofitel is a very plush hotel the facilities are excellent and the staff are very helpful and accommodating. If you go to the big Apple try and stay at the Sofitel!!!  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>eandjracquet
<Content>Interesting We are originally New Yorkers who now live in a northern suburb. I was going to my 25th High School Reunion in Manhattan on 11/11/00-we had to take my small, Pekingese dog with us. Sofitel accomodated the dog-the room and bathroom was beautiful-but a little small if one was staying more than 2-3 nights. Fitness room was awesome-each cardio piece had it's own TV. Service was okay-it took us 25 minutes to get our luggage-and the dog was among the checked pieces-also, the valet car parking was a little slow. Still, a wonderful stay!  
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First time stay but am going back - Deliciously satisfied customer. First time stay but am going back - Deliciously satisfied......Looked at various hotels, canceled reservations several times for my May 20th - 23rd, 2004 NYC stay. Worth every dollar of each nite's stay! The Executive Suite on the 26th floor, Room 2614 awesome view, state of the art bathroom which house's a separate shower, semi garden style tub, marble counters  floors, toiletries are French perfumed. Hotel provided two small four piece chocolate boxes, a large bottle of Evian water at no addl. charge. The suite is approx. 600 sq ft. My rate per nite; $400.00. The location is about the only flaw for me (probably for no one else though, am too picky). I would have preferred the Sofitel at the Marriot Marquis location! That would have been the ultimate Plaza Hotel for me!!  
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A very ggod deal We just returned from a 3 nights-stay in NYC over this may 20-23 week-end. As a Gold VIP at Hilton I had firs booked teh Waldorf-Adtoria, but after readin some reviews on this site, I preffered to cancel, and try Sofitel. We're French, but that did not specifically made us go for it. Now, the location is perfect, the staff is courteous and helpful (helped us in locating some stores in the Village, some information about our flight supposed to leave shortly after the Paris airport accident was proptly given to us). The rooms are clean, bathrooms are very nice. I would recommend to try to check an upper floor room to get some view (we were on the 23rd, barely decent in terms of view but still enjoyable). Also, we required a late check out before getting the shuttle pick-up for our flight. They made no problem about it (another advantage of the Sofitel card: it DOES give something to the customer, while Hilton is just flattering egos by giving Gold or Diamond cards, which give nothing to their customers). The only downside is that I would recommend to carefully heck your bill: we had an Internet Special rate, which was not considered at first, and they charged us a much higher price. After discussion with the front desk, this was fixed (and I remember reading other reviews about the same kind of problem). For breakfast, as many people here said before, get out of teh hotel, make a right a get to the Red Flame. They're NOT nice people and they don't really care for their customers. But it's a good value for a breakfast in NYC. All in all, we'll definitely stay again at the Sofitel Hotel NY during our next escape over there.  
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel! We used Trip Advisor for our honeymoon to NYC. After much research we went with Sofitel. Hands down we were very impressed. I have stayed in nice hotels but once you get to the room it just feels like any other hotel. Sofitel was different. Great lighting, great bathroom. Overall a lovely experience.  
<Date>May 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sofitel is good value in a good location The Sofitel is fine and the staff are extremely helpful and courteous. The room was great, especially the bathroom and the only small complaint would be that the air con system is a little noisy. Fully recommended. (we stayed 11-13th May 2004)  
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>retep68
<Content>Above average hotel in an excellent location. Booked my stay at the Sofitel largely due to the reviews on here (was going to stay at the Tribeca Grand, but that had terrible reviews back then). Can't say that I agree with the rave reviews the hotel gets on this site. The staff were OK, but certainly didn't go out of their way to help.When I asked for a late check out I was told I couldn't have one, even though I had emailed a request for one weeks earlier (I received a reply confirming the late check out). The receptionist, for some reason, seemed quite pleased to be able to deny me this. However, I then produced my sofitel priviledged guest card and the receptionist had to agree to the late check out.The room was excellent, large with a good view (22nd floor - requested high floor with booking and also backed this up by email a few weeks before travelling). Bathroom was good, but again not as good as the reviews here indicate. No tea / coffee making facilities in the room (is this a US thing?) and a tea and coffee brought up to the room cost circa $20!!!! (coffee was excellent though!).Mid-town location is probably the best thing about the hotel. 5th Ave about 40 yards away. 5 mins to either Times Sq or Grand Central to get the subway, so a piece of piss to get just about anywhere in Manhattan.Personally will try the Tribeca Grand next time, partly because I tend to spend more time downtown, but mainly because the Sofitel just didn't live up to my expectations. A good 4* hotel, but that's it, nothing exceptional.  
<Date>May 13, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Happy Guests Of Sofitel The Sofitel was part of an excellent weekend in New York for my wife and me. I called the reservations desk a few weeks before we arrived to inquire about rooms and when asked if our stay was for business or pleasure I replied the latter and added that this was my wife's first visit to NYC. The clerk said Oh, I'm going to make sure you have a great room! When we arrived our room was on the 25th floor facing the Chrysler Building and my wife (and I) was very impressed. The hotel is very clean, quiet, and calm and the staff is courteous, friendly, and helpful. Location is just right, near many sights but not in the middle of them. The Red Flame down the street is a great place for breakfast. We are totally happy with our stay at the Sofitel.  
<Date>May 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice! I just returned from a weekend spent with my mother at this hotel. It is a very nice hotel. We stayed in a Queen. Although, the rooms are not huge, there was enough room for the two of us. It was clean, and quiet. I particularly liked the separate shower and bath, plus the fact that I could listen to the tv while in the bathroom was cool. :) We did order breakfast one morning which was just okay. Like the other reviews said, the diner a few doors down is just as good and much cheaper. The hotel is located within walking distance of times square and fifth avenue, also there are some very nice restaurants located along the same street as the hotel. I recommend it and would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vixs
<Content>Not All What We Expected After doing a great deal of research on New York hotels I decided on the Sofitel due to the exceptional reviews on this site, however my stay was most disappointing and I feel I have to leave my view here. On arriving I asked pleasantly if they had any rooms on a high floor only to be told none were available and was given a key to a room on the 6th floor. I was very excited to see the room as I had read many good things, however I found the room was pleasant and comfortable but not the luxurious elegant room I was expecting and the view was non-existent! In fact parts of the room looked a little worn. After exploring further we found the toilet was blocked so went down to reception to complain, they immediately sent for the maintenance guy but after 15 minutes he was still struggling and we asked for another room, this time we were offered a room on a higher floor (surprisingly they miraculously found a higher room even though my previous request was denied). Our stay for the next 6 days was pleasant enough, I must say the one good thing going for this hotel is the location as it seemed to be within walking distance of most attractions, the staff also were pleasant and polite but not in the friendly sense. Towards the end of our stay while brushing my teeth what should happen but the u-bend fell off the sink spilling water everywhere, again they sent the maintenance guy to fix it and we were offered a complementary breakfast (on leaving they attempted to charge me for this breakfast!) I will never be staying at the Sofitel New York again; my advice for others would be to give this place a miss and check into the friendly Algonquin a few doors down, which has a genuinely friendly atmosphere, which the Sofitel lacked.  
<Date>May 6, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't tell it to anyone and keep it just for us ! To be honnest, when travelling abroad, I'd like to test new experience and I was afraid that the NY Sofitel was not a NY experience, but too French. In reallity, this undoubtly, my best stay in NY. For the price of a standard room at 5* hotels such as The Peninsulla, I've got a beautifull suite on the top floor of the Sofitel with a magic view on the Chrysler Building. A magic experience... The breakfast is great, but I only use the continental ones with croissant. This is definitvly my choice of stay in NY. = Don't tell to anyone and keep it just for us.  
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>billymax
<Content>Probably New Yorks finest 4 star hotel ? Just returned....wedding anniversary.Like most others we booked this hotel after reading web comments. If you want a 5 star hotel and want to pay 5 star prices go elsewhere. If however you want an excellent 4star in a superb position and want to pay a reasonable price then this is it.We had an executive king room (read suite), large and beautifully furnished throughout , great marble bathroom, dressing area, separate sitting room and 2 tv's, stereo, really comfy bedroom, nice toiletries, candles,towels changed twice a day and bed linen every 2 days, quiet and airy. evening turn down service flowers and Evian mini bar. View from our room (14th floor) wasn't very interesting and although the hotel offered a change on night 3 out of 7 in the end we couldn't be bothered to move. Room decor beige and white and more light fittings than I've ever seen in a room. Very restful.It's a great base to return to after the most exhausting but enjoyable 7 night (8 day) first time trip to New York. Concierge was helpful and the doorman fantastic at getting cabs. All staff were courteous and friendly. Room was ready when we arrived at 2-30pm and we had a late 4-00pm (no extra charge) checkout. Didn't eat or drink in the hotel, pre booked great restaurants from London. ( Red Flame for breakfast or the food court at Grand Central Terminal (we can't take the big cooked breakfast every day)), River Cafe, Boathouse, Gramercy Tavern, Balthazar. Saw Don Giovani at the beautiful Met Opera House (nice Italian restaurant opposite...can't remember name) and don't miss the Carnegie Deli. Woody Allen plays Dixieland Jazz at the Cafe Carlyle on a Monday (extortionate but a fantasic evening). Did all the main sights and areas.......hardly stopped to catch breath. The Frick Collection is stupendous. There is so much to see and do and we only scratched the surface. New York is probably the most friendly and exciting city in the world and this hotel contibuted in no small part to a wonderful experience. If you want to do museums galleries and shops , walk the town from end to end and sample the nighlife you can't do so unless you have a good comfortable base to return to. This is in our opinion is it. We will return.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DavidWalker
<Content>After reviewing several on this site Sofitel deservedly came out top After reviewing numerous hotels on tripadvisor my girlfriend and I decided that Sofitel sounded the best in that price range, it came down to this or Paramount in the end. All reviews were accurate and the hotel was certainly above average with helpful staff and modern, clean and roomy surroundings.The location of the hotel was perfect - 2min to the left Times Square and 2min to the right 5th Ave. The room was a decent size with large bathroom but had no view other than fire escapes. Negatives were that we could hear whenever the room next door was running water and there were a lot of door slams.There is a great cafe type place the Red (lobster or flame?) almost next door which is excellent value for breakfasts. Directly adjacent is where the 'worlds most expensive hamburger' is served. One other point is there is a good bar on the same street - St Andrews, if you need to take a break from it.One word of warning is that if you book online directly with the hotel it is does not include tax which will add a significant amount to your bill.Overall a good Marriot type hotel, nothing hugely special but almost nothing to complain about.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed our stay Myself and my husband spent 5 nights here over Easter. We agree with the majority of reviews. Good location, quiet, nice comfortable room, big bathroom, very friendly staff, nice restaurant if expensive (to be expected), Evian and chocolate Easter bunny were nice touches. No complaints at all! Ate breakfast/lunch in The Red Flame as advised - good grub! Would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What All the Fuss About I don't understand what all the fuss is about - it's a good solid B hotel. Nothing special at all about it. While it certainly was a decent enough hotel, I can't fathom who the people are who believe this hotel to be a 5 star hotel. Hey, just cuz it aint a Motel 6 don't make it the Four Seasons or Waldorf Towers either.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Sofitel is Perfect We stayed at the Sofitel April 4th and 5th. Everything was perfect and exceded our expectations. Definitely looking forward to staying there again.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>momofaws
<Content>Superb experience at Sofitel Just returned from a 4 day trip to New York with my 13 year old daughter. The Sofitel was in a great location--very close to the theater district and Times Square, but quiet, elegant and relaxed. Two full beds --very comfortable-- a beautiful bathroom, delicious continental breakfast, and here's the mark of really superb service--my daughter left her backpack in the lobby and we didn't realize it until we were at the airport in Newark. The concierge (both of the ones we met were very friendly and extremely helpful) sent a driver with the backpack, and got it to us before we took off. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely perfect! This was one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. The room was very clean and the bathroom was absolutely beautiful with its marble countertop, fresh flowers, candles, and sunken bathtub. The location is one of the best in New York. Very close to Times Square, the subway, Central Park, 5th Ave shops, Rockefeller Plaza, etc.. But, the best part was the incredibly friendly and helpful staff. The concierge, Rajae, was so sweet and nice. She spent a good portion of her time finding places for us to go to enjoy the New York nightlife. The Bellboys, Nick, Randy, and Manny, went out of there way to make sure we knew where we were going and getting us transportation. I will without a doubt stay in this perfect hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Poppy_9
<Content>A 4 star treat of a hotel in the heart of theatreland Like many others on this site, we booked the Sofitel based upon it's rave reviews on this website...we were not disappointed.From the hustle and bustle of 44th street (the hotel is perfectly placed between Times Square and Fifth Ave) you enter the peaceful haven of french style and comfort which is the Sofitels lobby.The staff were all courteous, from the welcoming receptionists to the discreet maid service and friendly doormen. The location is perfect for exploring the immediate area and is just 5 mins from the subway to get you out to the rest of the city.The rooms are average size and perfectly adequate for two people. Original artwork adorn the walls and the atmosphere created by the furnishings is warm and cosy. The bathrooms offer a greater degree of style with vases of orchids and candles adding the extra touches which make all the difference.As an added bonus the Red Flame diner is just a few doors away is a great place to start the day with a hearty breakfast.We stayed for one week and enjoyed every second, we will definitely stay at the Sofitel again and I can't recommend it highly enough.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>perect fabulous location, so convenient, staff always able to get us a cab, HUGE gorgeous bathroom, spacious room for NYC, very, very nice. Concierge hooked us up w/reservations once we got there for dinner - tried to do it before online, language was a bit of a barrier. Red Flame Diner down the street is a gem for breakfast - can't say enough good things about this hotel. Try expedia, best rate I found. Enjoy!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>canterburyreview
<Content>Great hotel , fantastic location Have just got back from 4 nights at the Sofitel and cannot fault this Hotel . Although the rooms are a little small they are spotless and the bathrooms more than make up for the smaller bedrooms . The attention to detail is great and nothing was to much trouble for the staff , including a late check out at short notice and for no extra charge -but the main thing about this hotel is the location ! 2 mins from Times square , right next to 5th Avenue and the list goes on and on - nearly all the main sites are within working distance and if not the subway is only 5 mins away . The best place for breakfast is the Red flame diner a couple of doors away and if your looking for a nice relaxed beer in an unpretenious bar then Virgils just down the street is great with friendly bar staff and great BBQ food .  
<Date>Mar 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sensational Sofitel Stayed here for six nights in a premier twin room on 20th floor, and we had a great time. Spacious rooms and bathrooms, nice touches such as Evian water every night, very clean. Good location, close to sights and easy reach of subway stations and bus stops. Impressive lobby with helpful staff. Would definitely stay here again. Cinema Cafe across from Fifth Avenue has an excellent breakfast, Red Flame also good apart from grumpy waitress! A excellent hotel for couples or friends.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>htpartyshack
<Content>What is all the fuss about? I thought it was just okay. Yes, the bathroom was nice and the room was clean, but I don't understand all the rave reviews. I thougt it was just okay. There are much more interesting places to stay in NYC for the same price. Last time I stayed at Le Parker Meridien, and thought it had just the right mix - cool without being impractical, views of Central Park, and great amenities including one of the best gyms in the city, free high speed internet, and a flat screen 32-inch tv and dvd player. But this time I wanted a location a bit further south. I was supposed to have a view of the Chrysler or Empire State buildings, and was told by the desk clerk that the view of the Chrysler is particularly beautiful at night. Well, they must have moved it - our room looked out to a non-descript dreary office building across the street, even though we were on the 18th floor. I could of complained I guess, but I don't go on vacation to argue with desk clerks. The room decor was not in the least interesting, my wife said glorified Holiday Inn upon walking in. It was pretty bland. The staff was friendly and professional, and the soundproofing was great - very quiet for NYC.Sorry to dampen the enthusiasm for this otherwise well-reviewed property.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Elegant, friendly and comfortable We stayed at the Sofitel March 5  6, 2004 and were delighted with the comfortable room and the beautiful bathroom. Beautifully decorated lobby, very modern with several cozy conversational areas. We had a delicious lunch at the Gaby restaurant, which is in the hotel. We were having a get-together with 4 long lost cousins and the restaurant staff accomodated us by giving us a table in a quiet corner of the elegant dining room. Stayed as long as we liked; they didn't push us to leave. After a while we decided to retire to the lobby where we could continue our dicussions in privacy. My only suggestion is that it would be nice if they would offer wine, tea, etc. late in the afternoon, early evening in the lobby. Hotel and restaurant staff very nice.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>michelescully
<Content>pleasantly surprised we arrived late on friday 13th (a party of three including my nine year old son) for a three night stayi was worried before we arrived as i had been told my son had share our bed as rooms available were only queen size (one per room)however this was our only problemthe room was small but beautifully decorated with a sumptious bathroom with lovely toiletriesour view was no-view (only floor four) and faced in to the hotel - however this made it very quiet - no night-time sirens or traffic - a real new york view would have been nice for my son for his first trip to nylocation - perfect - it was so cold that weekend - but it only took five minutes or so to walk to times square etcthe downside - breakfast - no buffet - so we walked to times square and ate in a hotel thereroom service - quite expensive - but very goodmy son loved the hotel - and so did wea beautiful aroma in the lobby and so romantic with the candles, etci would recommend this hotel and plan to stay here again when we visit new york next february  
<Date>Mar 5, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>b1ggles
<Content>Amazing... My girlfiend and I have been to NYC before, but decided on the Sofitel for a stay for three nights on the 19th February. The hotel did not disappoint. Check-in staff were really friendly, and nothing appeared too much trouble. We never ate in the Gaby restaurant, but the room service food was great and not too expensive. The location is perfect for exploring all the main NY highlights. We never needed to take a taxi anywhere, apart from to/from the airport. Maybe a useful tip, do not take the expensive option of a limo to JFK....we were quoted $45 excl. tip and toll, and a yellow cab with tip and toll cost $35. The Red Flame four doors up the road serves a great breakfast, but it does get very busy later on in the morning. Will definitely use the Sofitel again - the location and five-star standards make it a must. The River Cafe just over the Brooklyn Bridge gives amazing views of the Manhattan skyline, and is a perfect romantic dinner venue (jacket and tie required).  
<Date>Feb 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Warm,Friendly,Elegant The moment you enter this hotel it's obvious you're in for a treat. The character, design and decor of the lobby and rooms is European elegant, warm and friendly; as well as ALL the staff which is outstanding and very accomodating. You just cannot beat the location (right next to the oldtime favorite Algonqin Hotel) in the heart of the city. It is now at the top of my list of places to stay in NYC.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Superb! We arrived at the hotel on Feb 13th for a 3 night stay over Valentines Day weekend. Even though check-in was not until the afternoon, when we arrived at 10am we were delighted to find that out that our room was ready and could check in early. First off, let me tell you that this hotel was flat out GEORGOUS. From the sophisticated lobby with marble floor and leather chairs to the glowing candles on every table and the soothing potpurri aroma, we fell in love with the ambiance of this place. Our room was on the 19th floor, and my lord, what a fantastic view of rockafeller center (GE Building). Even though the room was a little smaller than previous hotels i had stayed at in NYC, the overall quality of the room and the view MORE than made up for the size. Everything in the room looked brand new. Even the marble bathroom was in pristine condition. The beds were comfy, slippers and shower robe were provided. Extra pillows and blanket were also already provided in the closet. Location, Location, Location. I dont think this hotel could be in any more of a perfect location (especially when its 15 degrees out). We were literally 1.5 blocks east of Times Square, 0.5 blocks west of 5th Avenue, 5 blocks south of Rockefeller center. EVERYTHING was literally within a 5 minute walk. We couldnt have asked for a better location. To sum it up, this is by far one of the greatest hotels we have ever stayed in. We couldnt have had a more perfect valentines day and a more fantastic trip to NYC. After hours of research on this site and many others, i dont think we could have made a better choice. Last year when i was in the city i stayed at the Rhiga Royal, and while the rooms were huge, i was unimpressed with the lobby, the location, and the view from the room. The sofitel on the other hand was much more agreeable and to my liking. I will be staying at this hotel everytime we go back to the city, it was just amazing. PROS: + Beautiful Lobby + Beautiful Rooms + Extremely Friendly Staff (most seemed to be from France) + Location was superb + Clean Rooms/Bathroom/Lobby + View was fantastic (we were in room 1904 if anyone was curious)CONS: - To be honest, there is none i can think of. It really was THAT good.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sofitel SoRight! Spent AGES reading tripadvisor looking for the right hotel and picked the right one! Spent Valentines weekend there and it was everything the reviews promised - effecient and friendly staff, and with little touches that make the difference; bottled evian every evening with the turndown service, the candle and orchids in the bathroom, the ice machines on every floor - all the small things that make the big difference. The real selling point is the closeness to everything - Times Square one way in less than 5 mins, 5th Avenue 2 mins, Empire State less than 10 mins walk, Central Park in 10 mins.Only thing that made me laugh was the New York born and bred doormen with their daily Bonjour (think Del boy and u get the picture!!) - but then the chain is French.Ate in Gabys once (the in hotel restaurant) which was good but you need to like French cuisine and if you don't, well, alternative venues aren't far!Was able to check in at 11am AND check out at 4pm with no charge (but do ask early)Bad points? Only the mini-bar I guess - $5 for a can of coke is pretty extortionate, but it's a pretty minor complaint when there are so many places to get snacks around. Got a great deal on Expedia so shop around for a good price once u decide to go there.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>adamunc
<Content>New Favorite NYC Hotel After a trip to the Sofitel New York Feb 6-8, 2004, I will never stay anywhere else in New York. I arrived at 10am and was able to check in immediately. The lobby is elegant and soothing, the staff is concerned and efficient, and the rooms are beautiful and comfortable. The amenities are outstanding, with bathrobes, WEBTV, CD player all standard. The bathroom was good-sized and featured silver-plated fixtures, with even a candle and orchid provided! There is also a speaker in the bathroom that pipes in the sound from the TV. Housekeeping was impeccable.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>parrot21
<Content>Loved the Sofitel The Sofitel lived up to the favorable reviews previously posted here. Tastefully decorated; good sized room; beautiful bathroom; very carefully cleaned and maintained daily; extremely quick check-in (less than 2 mins.); very helpful concierge (especially Renee) who set us up with a fabulous dinner at Osteria al Doge (close to the theater district - wonderful Italian cuisine, great service). Excellent location, within walking distance of Broadway. I will stay here again in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic unbelievable hotel, unbelievable city, unbelievable time. If your going the hotel is in such a great place only 2 mins from 5th and 2 mins from times square. Loved it . only if id go again id wait till it gets a bit warmer!!!!!!!! its freezing over there  
<Date>Feb 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A solid B+/ A- A nicely located hotel with a Euro flair, convenient to virtuallly everything. Plenty of places to eat in the vicinity, but don't overlook the hotel restaurant (Gaby) which is also quite good. The rooms are clean and even the standard room is of decent size. The only complaint here would be the use of Queen instead of King-sized beds. A minor issue to be sure. All in all a very positive experience.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Faultless. Amazing location, service and comfort My girlfriend and I took our very first vacation to New York between 01-06 January 2004. We chose the Sofitel over other hotels such as the Plaza simply because of the reviews on TripAdvisor.Quite simply the location of this place is amazing. Two minutes out of the door to the right is Times Square and Broadway, two minutes to your left is the famous shopping of 5th Avenue. There are simply loads of places to eat from takeouts to proper sit-down meals. One thing to be aware of is the drinks and food in the actual hotel are a little on the pricey side. A beer will cost you $7. We never ate breakfast at the hotel - There is a diner a few doors down called the Red Flame - Eat here for your breakfast, it's fantastic. Great atmosphere, friendly service and cheap food. For a restaurant recommendation you have to try Triomphe - Its literally next door and offers one of the best dining experiences I have ever had. We ate three courses with wine for about $130.The service and quality of room at this hotel is fantastic value for money. If you need anything William on the door was fantastic. He has a great knowledge of the local area and is always willing to share advice. We never had a problem with the room not being made-up and would not think twice about staying at the Sofitel again. For any tourist that simply wants to do all the sights of New York and literally have them on your doorstep you have to stay at this place.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice but. . . . We stayed at the Sofitel for four nights including Christmas. I have mixed feelings about my stay. Sofitel-NY is an attractive, well-maintained hotel and is certainly an above-average lodging when compared to other properties in Midtown. The staff is very courteous and professional. The rooms are clean and housekeeping does a very good job. The Fitness Center is great: no extra fee, good equipment and clean at all times of day.I was not overwhelmed by the rest of the hotel. The business center is actually a tiny alcove off of the hotel lobby with only one computer, which malfunctioned on the one day I tried to use it. The rooms are spacious by NY standards but are comparable in size, d茅cor and ambience to a 4-star Marriott or Hyatt. The bathrooms are large and well-appointed, with both a shower stall and a bathtub, but it seems a lot of effort went into the part of the room where the least time is spent. Also, the bathroom doors do not have locks -- even in rooms with two beds -- which can be annoying if you are traveling with someone other than a significant other. The rooms are slight on amenities; there is no VCR or DVD player in the room (although a DVD player was provided upon request at no extra charge) and the TV-Internet runs about US $11.00 for a 24 hour session.The adjoining rooms we requested and received were NOT adjoining. At the Sofitel-NY, the adjoining room configuration is actually two ADJACENT rooms -- across the hallway from each other -- and there is a larger door that separates the remainder of the hallway from the part of the hallway between the adjoining rooms. This is an unusual arrangement, particularly since there is no sound/noise insulation, or deadbolt, on the hallway door. I was very irritated by this because I was assured more than once that the rooms would be ADJOINING. Apparently, in Sofitel-speak, adjoining and adjacent are synonymous. If I'd known this prior to arrival I would have booked elsewhere. I might stay at the Sofitel again, but would never pay more than I did this time (approximately US $180 per night by booking on Sofitel website)  
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Pleased We normally stay with family or friends in New York, but have tried sampling city hotels in the past few years.We stayed here for two nights, over New Year's, and agree with every positive post on this forum. This hotel was clean and quiet. The guest room we had overlooked the Chrysler building and the seperate fully equipped fitness center was great- as nice as many we've been to in resort areas.No complaints and believe me, I am a complainer.Loved the decor, loved the location, loved 80% of the staff and don't think it's worth whining about anything, expecially when you get a big, comfy, stylish and modern room in New York in the $200 range Christmas week.I am actively telling family and friends about this property.In general, I would advise that paying the extra $$ in a big city like New York is almost always worth it for comfort. But you really have to read between the lines a bit to make sure you're paying for comfort and not just style. Some of the less expenseive boutique properties on Club Row (West 44th where the hotel is located) are now charging comparable rates for shoe boxes with no amenities.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceptional, extraordinary, not exaggeration This is a hotel focused on guest comfort and satisfaction. Absolutely outstanding check in, housekeeping, concierge, and room service. Our room (standard Queen bed) was large, well appointed, with the finest bathroom we've experienced in any hotel. The room was cleaned and fresh towels supplied twice per day.Location is outstanding for those interested in a central launch point. Equidistant between Grand Central and Times Square, just south of Rockefeller Center, and half a block from 5th Ave. shops.We can say with all honesty our experience at the Sofitel exceeded expectation.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's all about service After staying at the Sofitel Water Tower in Chicago, I had great expectations for the New York property, but was very disappointed in the essentially incompetant concierge desk, slow restaurant service, and non-existent engineer response. After 3 nights, I moved to the Waldorf Towers, where excellent service made all the difference!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Sofitel Our family stayed at the Sofitel Dec 19- 23, 2003. We were very pleased with the hotel and the service. It was exactly as described by Expedia. We had two rooms both with twin beds. The baths were great. Service was great. It was very quiet amidst the multitude of people during Christmas. We would definitely stay at the Sofitel again. Try the Red Flame for breakfast - it is just a few doors down and very friendly.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Absolutely lovely! Absolutely everything that we were hoping it would be: lovely, quiet, clean, great location, very friendly staff. Honestly, we don't want to stay anywhere else in NYC! Thanks, Sofitel!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2003
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>haastiff
<Content>Impeccable Quality, Comfort, Service, and Style I travel frequently for my job. I've had the opportunity to stay in some of the best and a few too many of the worst hotels in the US and abroad. I can honestly stay that by far, my experience with the Sofitel in New York is within the top 3 BEST that I've had in the past 3 years. If cleanliness, courteous responsive staff and 5-star restaurants are among the things you look for when selecting a hotel, you will not be disappointed with the Sofitel. This European-style boutique hotel offers crisp, white bed linens and spacious, white-glove-test clean bathrooms. A fabulous restaurant, boutique-moderne, is a couple doors down from the hotel and the concierge actually express-mailed my lost passport to me at my next destination at no cost to me! I will definitely return to the Sofitel and recommend it to family and friends.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Be carefull in the bar The hotel was very nice and the staff very friendly, we were offerd a upgrade to a suite for an extra $300 which was well worth the money, my only concern with the hotel was that the cost of drinks in the bar were well over the top, I went in there with my girlfriend and 2 other friends ordering drinks like there was no tomorrow (as you do when your on holliday) the next think I am presented with a bar bill and i have paid 拢10.00 per pint of bear ($16.00) on round of drinks for 4 of us came to 拢40 or $65  
<Date>Dec 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel for Theatregoers/Not so good housekeeping Fabulous location and excellent reception staff. Wonderful bathrooms with seperate shower and Le Gallet toiletries. Beautifully soundproofed for restful night's sleep. Spotty housekeeping. I left the room at 10 am Sunday and returned at 5pm to find it hadn't been made up. I called and returned later that night to find it still had not been entirely made-up but still had plate of peels from welcome fruit basket that should have been removed. Didn't make a fuss as I was leaving next morning. Maybe Sunday shift not up to snuff as rest of the week. Skip the expensive and skinny continental breakfast ($14.00) and join other canny hotel guests from the neighboring Algonquin and Royalton Hotels and go to the Flame diner a few doors down towards 6th Avenue. Full breakfast (i.e.eggs,bacon,toast,coffee) for $7.00 or $8.00 including tip and better tasting too!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, Location, Location....... We have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Sofitel. We booked the hotel after many hours searcing on the internet and finally decided after reading all the reviews on this site.I would definately recommend this hotel as the location is great, just a few blocks walk for Time Square, 5th Avenue shops, Grand Central Station, theatres, Rockafellar Centre and the Empire State Building (which we could see from our bedroom window, room 1717).The room was pleasant and clean and the bathroom fantastic.My only comment would be not to use the phone in the room as the international rates are very high (probably comparable to other hotels but still higher than a payphone). No more than 15/20 minutes worth of calls home cost over 110 dollars!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel!!!!! We stayed 11/7-11/9. Excellent hotel and location is CHOICE!!!!! 2-3 blocks from Times Square, Rockefeller Center, St. Patrick's Cathedral, Saks, and all the shopping on 5th Avenue. It's located right b/w 5th and 6th Ave. About 4 blocks to most Broadway shows. Empire State Building  Macy's are 9 blocks away (20 min walk). Grand Central Station is about 3 blocks away also. The staff was extremely nice and the room was excellent. The bathroom was very big and had a phone even in the bathroom. I loved this hotel!!!! The employees at the Concierge Desk were very helpful. Especially Chris. We asked where we could get a good steak and he recommended Del Frisco's and even called and made the reservation for us. It was similiar to a Ruth Chris' Steakhouse and had excellent food overlooking Radio City Music Hall (4 blocks away). Staff was great about hailing taxis also. We were going to take a taxi back to JFK when checking out and they offered us a Lincoln Town Car for a $50 flat fee. Taxi would've run $45 so we took that deal. Ended up in a compact black Mercedes and it was a very peaceful ride to the airport. I can't wait to plan my next trip there in Feb and will be reserving again at this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelismymiddename
<Content>Elegant We have stayed at the Sofitel three times and have never been dissappointed. On our most recent stay in September, I noticed that the bed linens were torn. I called the desk and spoke with the manager who was very apologetic. She immediately(within 5 mins) had the maid in our room changing the linens and apologizing. The manager also provided us with a complimentary breakfast where we could order anything on the menu. It was fabulous and served promtly. If you are looking for elegance, class, lovely rooms, great location and fabulous bathrooms......look no further because the Sofitel has it all.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A GREAT stay! I booked this hotel through Expedia and I could not have been happier. I took my girlfriend to NYC for her 30th birthday and she was amazed! The location is great - not right on Times Square, but we walked into the Theater District in about 5 minutes for our show. The staff was gracious and helpful - I have stayed at the Grand Hyatt and at the Doubletree on Times Square and the Sofitel was head and shoulders above those two hotels in terms of service and amenities. We only had appetizers one night and breakfast our last morning there, but the food and the service were great. Rooms go for 250 and above, but if you can get this on an Expedia package I would HIGHLY recommend this hotel. We will be back.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Sofitel The Sofitel is in a great location - close to everything. The room was lovely and an even nicer bathroom with lots of amenities. The staff was very friendly and helpful and answered all our questions about sightseeing options. Would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Happy Anniversary....to us from us! My husband and I celebrated our 10th wedding anniversary at the Sofitel. I chose this hotel after reading reviews on this site. I wanted it to be perfect...so I applied for the loyalty card which entitles guests to late check out . Well, upon check in I was told that was only upon an available basis.. I had hoped for some mention about our special day (as I read from others celebrating milestones they had rooms upgraded to suites, gifts, etc.) ...nothing, not even happy anniversary.. the room was quite nice as described.. I would stay there again...but not set myself up for such expectations next time..All in all it was a wonderful anniversary...  
<Date>Oct 17, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First Class I was in NYC on business and enjoyed my stay at the Sofitel immensely. The high speed internet and large comfortable room made my business a pleasure. One small criticism, a number of the apples in the fitness center were bruised. I had to pick carefully, but I survived. Alas!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Class Act Watch out, Four Seasons. Sofitel is a class act, at affordable rates, with a European flair that's hard to beat. An oasis of civility in New York. The rooms, food and service were first rate. Who knew hotel croissants could be so good? Luxurious bathrooms compare with those in top of the line chains. Excellent location and friendly, efficient staff. Cancel that trip to Paris and stay here.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sofitel was great Wonderful room, new, comfortable and a nice size for two. The marble bathroom and amenities were first class. We would not hesitate to stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You have found the perfect hotel Feel a little Paris in the heart of New York! With the staff speaking a multitude of languages, they greet you with a friendly Bon Jour at every turn. The rooms are extremely clean, bigger than most in New York, decorated with a modern flare and incredible bathrooms (I had a shower and separate tub). The location is in the heart of Midtown, a hop, skip and a jump from Broadway (literally). This hotel is the epitome of perfect and you should definitely not overlook it. I will not stay anywhere else when I come to New York. You will love it!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Surpassed expectations More than just a place to sleep the Sofitel New York was a highlight of our stay. Clean, comfortable, bathrooms to die for (candles, fluffy robes, fresh flowers, separate glass shower, sparkling marble floors). Manager made a special effort to speak to me and ask about our stay - staff was trully wonderful. Next trip to New York we will stay here again. We were so impressed with the Sofitel New York, we will also be staying at the Sofitel in Chicago next month.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very elegant The Sofitel is a well located oasis. It is a short walk to Time Square, 5th Ave, Rockefeller Center etc.). The style is elegant. The rooms are very clean and spacious. The staff are friendly and courteous. I would definitely recommend staying at this hotel and have already booked my stay at the LA Sofitel.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OttawaRob
<Content>Excellent value Stayed at the Sofitel the weekend of Aug. 23 and was quite impressed. The design and furnishings of both the room and the rest of the hotel were top notch. It's a great location, and the price was quite reasonable (150 US per on Expedia) The only thing I found somewhat lacking was the level of service from the concierge desk, which was more typically French (ie a little snotty) vs. what I had read previously. Still, overall my girlfriend and I would not hesitate to stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2003
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Sofitel After staying at the Sofitel in Paris on business, I could not pass up the opportunity to stay in NY for $149 a night (queen room) on Expedia.The hotel was beautiful and wonderful, with a very helpful and polite staff. The location is superb, and our ability to crash at the hotel lobby after sightseeing was great.- N  K  
<Date>Aug 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, Location, Location I surprised my wife with a trip to NYC so she could pick out her own bday gift on Fifth Avenue...okay...I forgot to pick one out myself so this was a quick save my tail manuever. If you are looking to be in the middle of shopping galore, Sofitel is is! Two blocks West is Fifth Avenue and two blocks East is Times Square Tourist Zone. Location is fabulous. You can get anywhere w/o a cab. The Hotel is beautifully decorated in modern furnishings, trimmings, and art. The room is the standard small Manhattan type, but the bathroom more than makes up for it. Huge! All marble, modern decor, stand alone shower , soaking tub...it is great. The lobby is impressive as is the exercise room for a quick pump. Go online and get their Loyalty card a few weeks before going. They will send you a temporary card in the mail. It gets you a 4pm checkout among other things.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>msp22999
<Content>Elegant  Stayed at the Sofitel the weekend of July 26th 2003 and was not disappointed. I arrived very early at about 9:30 a.m. and they allowed me to checkin early! The room was spacious, clean... the bathroom had only a shower because that was all that was available for early checkin, but that was clean and spacious also with good lighting, a magnifying mirror, candle, toiletries... nice BIG SOFT towels... and many of them! the room also came with soft thick terry cloth robes, slippers.. had an iron and ironing board, hairdryer, safe, etc etc! The hallways were clean... and the lobby spacious and comfortable for those who had to wait to check in. Within walking distance of many attractions. I was alone, and felt perfectly comfortable staying here. The room also had great climate control and was QUIET! I usually don't sleep well in hotels, but here I had no problems at all. The only drawback was no view as my room was facing the other bldg, and because of that my cell phone hardly worked, but I'd stay here again in a NY second. Well worth the price!!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel My sister and I recently stayed at the hotel for 2 nights. We were very pleased with the room (clean, comfortable queen bed, great bathroom - had a separate tub and shower, and quiet). The staff was friendly as well. We found an excellent rate on bookitcheap.com. Our room came to $150 a night taxes included. Hotel location was very convenient only a couple blocks east of Times Square and a few blocks from Central station. This hotel seemed like a great place for couples and or adults. We didn't see any families with young children here. If I could get the same great rate I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>understated charm We just celebrated an anniversary with a theater weekend in New York. Our stay at Sofitel was all we could ask for in a hotel. Very nice comfortable lobby. very spacious rooms (on the 16 floor at least). HUGE bathroom complete with a shower stall bigger than my own at home plus a separate tub with its own shower massage. The bathroom even came complete with candles for a romantic bath. The fluffy bathrobes were a very nice touch as well. A very comfortable bed with a down (I think ) comforter. A very modern fitness center is in the basement. We booked online. Hint: Go to the sofitel site and get one of their cards. Our room was upgraded , we got a late checkout time and a free continental breakfast (enough for 2) . We would definitely consider staying again  
<Date>Jul 16, 2003
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>olvrouw
<Content>Perfect for the Weekend Get-Away Not familiar with NY hotels and wanting a memorable weekend to celebrate our tenth anniversary, I researched the theatre district hotel options and one afternoon took a tour of the short-listed hotels, eventually selecting Sofitel. This is a fabulous modern hotel with a decidedly French flair and clientele which seems to cater to vacationers and business travelers. My wife's smile upon entering the room said it all to me.... It has many and varied features and amenities, including a refreshing marble bathroom with separate shower and bath; terry cloth bath robes and slippers. The room we stayed in was spacious with a queen size bed and a view of the Chrysler Building. It was very clean and very quiet. They provide a turn down service that included Evian water and the next day's weather forecast. We were within walking distance of Broadway, Bryant Park, Grand Central Station, NY Public Library, St. Patrick's. The staff (front desk, bell hop, door men) were kind, friendly and gracious. The concierge was very helpful - obtaining Sunday brunch reservations on late notice. If you check Sofitel's web site, you can get a free priveleged member card which allows you to stay till 4 on the day of check out. The web site seemed to offer the same lowest rate as the other discount internet providers. It was an amazing, romantic get-away weekend destination, in a perfect location at a great value.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel, great price for NY Stayed in the Sofitel June 28-30 2003. The Sofitel is in a very good location, one block from Times Square. The rates are very good, try Expedia or their website. The room had a very comfortable queen bed, with turndown service and a nice bathrobe. The bathroom was large and clean, with good toiletries. I plan to stay here again on my return trips to NY.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved the Sofitel in NYC The Sofitel is a beautiful hotel-very modern, clean, and European. The staff was very friendly, the room was spacious, the large bathroom was gorgeous. This hotel would be our top choice for another weekend in NYC!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Great Hotel I just cam back from New York A friend and I stayed at the Sofitel the first night and unfortunately, had to change hotels for the 2nd night because of a pre-arranged party we had to attend that hadalready booked the hotel at the crown plaza.The Sofitel was unvbeleiveable! My friend and I had arrived in NY very early, the hotel allowed us to check in early without a problem, the front desk was very accomodating and friendly. The rooms were very clean and nicely decorated. We had 2 oversized twin beds(very comfortable). The room was an okay size, not massive but not too cramped. The bathroom was perfect, glass shower and separate bath. We had taken naps since we got there so early then went out for the night, when we returned the beds were made and turned down, there were 2 evian bottled waters on the dresser, everything was organized. Overall I could not have asked for a better stay. I have stayed at the overpriced Marriott Marquois before and the crown plaza, those hotels don't come close to the Sofitel. Would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Plaza 5*, Sofitel 4*? A joke... I arrived in New York on a short business/pleasure trip and promptly checked in at The Plaza, which, had I have read the reviews on here, would have avoided in the first place.I checked out after 3 hours and was recommended the Sofitel by a colleague. So there I headed.For both business and pleasure side of things (i.e. need an early night/come back late at night!) the hotel is perfect. Superb location, very (*VERY*) friendly and accomodating staff across the board (concierge/front desk/bar) and a fantastic room (had a Superior Queen - looked round a suite for an extra $100 a night and, had I have planned to stay in the hotel longer, I would have upgraded to).As a previous reviewer wrote, you can hear activity in the corridor sometimes, but I didn't find it too obstructive.How a hole like The Plaza can be a 5* hotel, versus the 4* Sofitel, I will never know.Will definately be using this hotel as base in my future visits, and will be recommending my colleagues and friends alike to do the same.If after you've stayed here you feel differently, I'm sure the staff would only be too willing to right any wrongs.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sofitel is magnifique!!   showReview(1075192, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our recent experience with Sofitel   showReview(1030098, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tres Chique!   showReview(994264, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rspangl
<Content>Great weekend for two!   showReview(993551, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sofitel - Truly Impressed!!!   showReview(986235, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Charbrand
<Content>Wonderful   showReview(981878, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Sofitel   showReview(932586, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Sofitel   showReview(919664, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sofitel Delight   showReview(907438, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'm a Sofitel regular   showReview(848421, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 28, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pampanito
<Content>Experiencia magnifica   showReview(23366083, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Xt0f
<Content>Tout est parfait       Le lobby - d茅coration de noel  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Rob72at
<Content>Perfekte Woche im Sofitel   showReview(23335544, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>viajanteSpain
<Content>i love new york i love sofitel       habitacion 2  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DeluxeZone
<Content>Bon h么tel malgr茅 quelques soucis de d茅tail   showReview(23116209, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	2	5	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>ec-jdb
<Content>F-a-b-u-l-o-s-o   showReview(22757029, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	-1	5	4	5	

<Author>cesargre
<Content>Es Perfecto! Sin duda el mejor de NY       Habitaci贸n  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NY2008Lyon
<Content>Le top   showReview(21698534, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RAGOUN
<Content>un des meilleurs   showReview(20954035, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	1	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>jeanrimbaud
<Content>Superbe s茅jour       entr茅e de la chambre  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Oleke
<Content>Tr猫s bof comme h么tel   showReview(20584268, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Dounette
<Content>Excellent h么tel 脿 New York       Vue de la chambre  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Javisilver
<Content>Cumpli贸 con las espectativas creadas       recepcion exclusica para atencion al turista  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>pedrodu13
<Content>Superbe !!!       salle de bain en marbre ,toujours ravitaill茅 de savon etc  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>manu_gwada
<Content>Id茅alement situ茅   showReview(20045072, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>FabioG
<Content>Spettacolare.   showReview(19844818, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>philbx
<Content>superbe hotel       salon de la suite  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super 4 Sterne Hotel   showReview(19634770, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nous retournerons avec plaisir   showReview(19634769, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>id茅alement plac茅 pour d茅couvrir New-york   showReview(19634766, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AnnickParis20
<Content>tr猫s bon hotel   showReview(19442646, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'y retourne sans h茅siter   showReview(19634763, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>SOFITEL NEW YORK   showReview(19634761, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bien   showReview(19634760, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Extraordinaire!!   showReview(19634758, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bonne situation pour rayonner dans new york 44th street   showReview(19634757, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Parfait avec une 茅l茅gance 脿 la fran莽aise   showReview(19634754, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un tr猫s bon hotel sur New York plac茅 pr猫s de Time Square   showReview(19634752, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottima posizione e silenzioso   showReview(19634751, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Klasse Hotel   showReview(19634765, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien situ茅, personnel parlant fran莽ais, calme, propret茅, acc猫s 脿 internet et son imprimante   showReview(19634764, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s agr茅able   showReview(19634762, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Je ne peux que recommander cet hotel   showReview(19634748, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Lage, sauber, Zimmergr枚sse f眉r NY gut   showReview(19634753, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>albaValencia
<Content>pasion por NY       Mi puente favorito  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel merveilleusement situ茅   showReview(19634755, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>h么tel parfait   showReview(19634747, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>attiliob
<Content>Excellent chix   showReview(18498158, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien !   showReview(18525890, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sans aucun doute mon h么tel lors de mon prochain voyage 脿 New York   showReview(18525887, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ideal pour un s茅jour au coeur de Manhattan   showReview(18525880, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bon hotel - a recommander pour Nw york   showReview(18525879, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent hotel/ Excellent emplacement   showReview(18525878, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Parfait !   showReview(18525877, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien plac茅, tr猫s bon service, nous y retournerons.   showReview(18525888, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MAGTRIP
<Content>parfait   showReview(18072955, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres satisfait   showReview(18525889, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr zufriedenstellend   showReview(18525886, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bordeauxtravellers
<Content>H么tel SOFITEL   showReview(18003828, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>IbizaMiguel
<Content>New York, New York   showReview(17827859, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un premier s茅jour New yorkais r茅ussi !   showReview(18525876, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr sch枚nes Hotel, sehr gute Lage   showReview(18525874, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>situation parfaite et literie exceptionnelle   showReview(18525875, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>zentraler gehts nicht   showReview(18525873, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon hotel   showReview(18525872, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>s茅jour agr茅able mais sans surprises...   showReview(18525871, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Saturia
<Content>Hotel excelente       Habitaci贸n Standar  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>TOUT EST PARFAIT   showReview(17428999, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>silvia79
<Content>L'hotel giusto nel posto giusto   showReview(17207095, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres confortable et tr茅s bien situ茅 au calme 脿entre la 5eme et 6eme   showReview(17428998, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>erstklassiges Hotel   showReview(17429000, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sofitel   showReview(17428995, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>confortevole, elegante, comodo   showReview(17428996, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous retournerions volontiers dans cet h么tel lors d'un autre voyage 脿 New York   showReview(17428997, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>orlanda
<Content>excepcional hotel   showReview(16895856, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Nemoxwz
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel.   showReview(16748648, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rach1999
<Content>Superbe Hotel   showReview(16639836, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Une valeur sure   showReview(16584637, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>angenehm, ruhig, gro脽z眉gig   showReview(16584638, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ilovemaxim
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(16349156, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>S茅jour parfait , literie tr猫s confortable, h么tel tr猫s bien situ茅; superbe vue au 28 猫me,   showReview(16584636, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous retournerons 谩 cet hotel pour notre prochain sejour 谩 New York   showReview(16584635, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kateb116
<Content>sch枚nes Hotel in zentraler lage   showReview(16250204, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Gregu
<Content>Un tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(16196102, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>annaluc
<Content>excellent hotel 脿 tous points de vue   showReview(16164275, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Beste Lage, Bester Service, Super Ausstattung   showReview(16584631, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wirklich sch枚nes Hotel   showReview(16584630, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A recommander   showReview(16584632, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ce sera dor茅navant mon point de ch没te 脿 New-York sans h茅sitation..   showReview(16584629, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A mon avis le meilleur hotel de NYC   showReview(16584628, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Le savoir-faire fran莽ais au coeur de New York   showReview(16584623, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bonne prestation   showReview(16584622, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CASTELMAR1
<Content>Excellent h么tel Prestigieux service Parfaite situation   showReview(15590294, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes zentral gelegenes Hotel   showReview(16584618, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>vaviva
<Content>sejour ideal   showReview(15583936, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bien situ茅 tr猫s calme, petit d茅jeuner un peu cher   showReview(16584620, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Carol铆n
<Content>Buen hotel.   showReview(15404909, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jaein   showReview(15564145, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bel hotel de classe   showReview(15564159, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>luxeri枚ses, gediegenes Hotel   showReview(15564146, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>excellent hotel bien situ茅   showReview(15564149, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent s茅jour dans l'hotel 脿 tous points de vue!Tr茅s bien!   showReview(15564148, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La r茅f茅rence 脿 New York   showReview(15564147, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>3 B :Bien Situ茅,Bonne prestation ,Belle d茅co.   showReview(15564144, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournerons d猫s que possible de plus , extr锚mement bien situ茅   showReview(15564143, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien situ茅 sur Manhattan proche de Broadway et des lieux de d茅part pour la visite de Harlem   showReview(15564142, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournerons avec grand plaisir   showReview(15564141, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Einfach klasse   showReview(14727510, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien situ茅, service de qualit茅   showReview(14727508, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L HOTEL A CONSEILLER POUR SEJOURNER A NEW YORK   showReview(14727505, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sorcionauta
<Content>a 2 passi da time square   showReview(14423726, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>bertrandRouen
<Content>fabuleux       vue depuis rockefeler center  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>eric78
<Content>Hotel g茅nial en plein centre de New York   showReview(14360259, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sejour particuli猫rement agr茅able   showReview(14727509, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un hotel incontournable: luxueux et tres confortable   showReview(14727503, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>excellent h么tel ; parfait pour d茅couvrir manhattan   showReview(13976371, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>excellente literie, hotel bien situ茅   showReview(13976370, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournerons d猫s que possible   showReview(13976368, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>j'y retourne sans hesiter   showReview(13976369, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Aramis92
<Content>heureux qui comme Ulysse s茅journe au Sofitel NY   showReview(13645459, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>brugalizado
<Content>Simplemente perfecto   showReview(13641747, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tlse
<Content>Luxe et raffinement       New York  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres agreable h么tel ou s茅journer 脿 New York   showReview(13976367, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bel hotel bien situ茅   showReview(13976365, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LiliJos茅
<Content>Excellent s茅jour !!   showReview(13169092, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous retenons cet h么tel pour d'autres s茅jours   showReview(13190204, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nouvel An 2007   showReview(13190206, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr empfehlenswertes Hotel!   showReview(13190202, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>S茅jour d茅but Janvier 2007 : 22猫me 茅tage   showReview(13190205, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(13190200, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Lidia_Ortega
<Content>100% recomendable   showReview(12407992, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	3	5	

<Author>specialmio
<Content>Sofitel fantastico       foto1  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gute Lage, modern und komfortabel (aber vorsicht bei Rezeption!)   showReview(13190198, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tel que pr茅vu   showReview(13190201, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>john92300
<Content>tres bon etablissement   showReview(11619502, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Golaechen
<Content>SOFITEL ist eine Reise wert   showReview(10690871, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	2	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bonne situation   showReview(11302448, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr komfortabel und zentral   showReview(11661880, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien   showReview(11302450, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>daphne00
<Content>hotel luxueux   showReview(10074587, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>j'y retourne   showReview(11302449, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ssinner
<Content>Sehr gutes Hotel in Top Lage   showReview(8699954, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Recall
<Content>Perfekte Lage, gutes Hotel   showReview(8465568, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>gg25
<Content>Le meilleur rapport qualit茅 prix 脿 NY   showReview(8456693, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Trop cher   showReview(11440847, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon h么tel, bien situ茅   showReview(11440845, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>asuncion
<Content>Estupenda estancia   showReview(8025325, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gracus
<Content>Tres bon hotel !!!   showReview(7998452, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>nuba
<Content>Recomiendo Sofitel New York   showReview(7988747, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>_Merlin_Sevilla
<Content>Magn铆fico Hotel, maravilloso personal       Vista exterior  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11426666, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Qualit茅 et service irr茅prochable   showReview(11426665, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr sch枚nes Hotel in guter Lage   showReview(11426663, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chupichan
<Content>Excepcional   showReview(7695873, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Charmantes zentral gelegenes Hotel   showReview(11426662, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>h么tel confortable, excellente situation.   showReview(11404199, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kit2bba
<Content>Le Top   showReview(7300973, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La French Touch 脿 New York   showReview(11404198, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Kann man nur weiterempfehlen   showReview(11394685, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un hotel type fran莽ais au coeur de NYC. Parfaitement plac茅 et de taille agr茅able.   showReview(11394684, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>excellent sejour   showReview(11394683, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Lage, Gute Zimmer   showReview(11394679, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bien situ茅 avec un personnel 脿 l'茅coute   showReview(11385140, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Un_voyageur_exigeant
<Content>Excellent h么tel   showReview(5912176, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wer Wert auf sehr gute 脺bernachtung legt, ist in diesem Holtel bestens aufgehoben.   showReview(11348146, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Le bon choix   showReview(11348145, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>no necesitaras taxis o auto   showReview(4727342, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇仼銆€缍洪簵銆€銈广偪銉冦儠銇屼竵瀵?#x201d;   showReview(19155081, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉曘儵銉炽偣绯汇伄銉併偋銉笺兂...   showReview(19926909, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

