<Author>Silbury
<Content>Excellent airport hotel. Arrived in Miami Airport and phoned hotel from courtesy phones in luggage hall. Courtesy bus arrived about 10 minutes later. Room was excellent with the most comfortable bed and plenty of toiletries. Breakfast buffet next morning was good value.We decided to go to collect our car (off airport) before checking out. We asked if the courtesy bus went anywhere near the car hire depots and they made a special journey to drop us off.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>MalibuStace
<Content>Great Stop Over Site This is a great hotel for a stop over stay in Miami. Book a sleep room and you have all these great little extras to make you extra comfy. My room was very clean, very quiet, nice and dark and the bed was great. Room service was very tasty and good value. I would stay here again!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>lesulok
<Content>Great Hotel, will stay again We stayed here as a family for 3 nights back in Feb 2008. Nice, clean and calm hotel. I was a little concerned reading some of the early reviews about aircraft noise, but we didn't hear any. We stayed at the club level and it was extremely quiet. Restaurant was nice but has a very limited menu for vegans, but the waiters are extremely courteous and accommodating.We used this hotel as a staging point to visit Miami downtown and other surrounding areas (A cab ride to downtown costs about $22 and takes 15 mins and cabs are plently, beats staying at the expensive downtown hotels). The shuttle service to/from the airport was quick and very convenient and the bell boys do an awesome job of storing your luggage if you need to check out but hang out in the area longer. Overall very impressed with the hotel and would definitely go back again.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>kdhsam
<Content>Great for what we needed On a return trip from a bad vacation, our plane was late to the Miami airport, and as a curtosey to us all, our airline put all displaced passengers up in the Crowne Plaza for the evening. I noticed that some of the reviews were not so good...but I have to tell you....to us and what we had just gone through with our ending trip....this place was Heaven! I think that bed is probably the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in. Fortunately the hotel has a resturant and we arrived at the hotel about 11pm, all 70 or so of us displaced passengers, and we bombarded the resturant...no problem...everyone was served with a smile. The location is extremely convenient to the airport, and the shuttle is helpful too.I did not notice any airport noise during our stay and our room was very clean, neat and updated. We would stay here again.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Middle_Aged_Man
<Content>A good airport hotel. This is a nice hotel airport that is as close to the airport as you can get. (You could walk to the airport if there were sidewalks, but there are not.)The rooms are spacious but standard. (The beds are great though). There is a decent pool, but not it's anything spectacular. There is apparently a spa, but I didn't use it. Public spaces are sufficient, but again, nothing spectacular.The restaurant has a limited selection. Again, standard hotel fare, but decent. There are a few other eateries within a short walk. Small bar, but the bartender makes a good Long Island Iced Tea!I rate it above average because it is that--above average for an airport hotel, but it is an airport hotel.One note--they have a display indicating that they are going to be remodeling and refurbishing the rooms. That should make it a very nice business class airport hotel. I saw no signs of construction yet, however.(The sixth floor is designated a quiet zone, No groups or kids, But you do hear the occasional jet that takes off and is directed right over the hotel.)P.S. They do have a shuttle (nice big bus) that runs to MIA every 20 minutes.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Keys traveller
<Content>Very comfortable  I stayed here 1 night in early December because of its proximity to a 'campus' of hospitals in Miami, The room rate was surprisingly good for a Crowne Plaza. The room itself was large and comfortable - great, soft bedding and the hotel provided a complimentary set of aromatherapy sleep products. The bathroom was clean and spacious and had everything you needed. I particularly liked the guest access to the business center with plenty of PCs with free internet access. Restaurant was simple and had good, reasonably priced options for dinner and breakfast. It is close to the airport and a number of airline staff were guests. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a comfortable convenient hotel to the airport and the main Miami hospitals.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>RRO2005
<Content>Incredibly noisy My room on the second floor was unbelievably noisy, with the hotel AC system just below. It made a horrible noise 24h a day, and the floor even vibrated at times. It had not been renovated for a long time, though I heard that other rooms have already been refurbished.Staff were helpful, and Pool and Gym facilities were fine, but the noise ruined my stay. Unfortunately it was fully booked, so I couldn麓t change rooms.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>1	2	-1	4	2	3	4	5	

<Author>MamaParrotHead
<Content>Nice hotel, got great rate on Priceline We got this hotel on Priceline for about $120 for the room. The complimentary shuttle from the airport was clean, nice and on time. The room was clean and comfortable, the staff friendly and helpful. Plenty to do in the area (free shuttles from the hotel to a lot of the area attractions). Would definately stay here again, as well as recommend to others.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Reuel_Tidhar
<Content>Was paraded from one unmade room to another I missed a flight at Miami International so I went to the Crowne Plaza, or rather I tried to. Their shuttle, which goes to the airport every 20 minutes took 45 minutes to arrive. When I finally arrived at the hotel I was sent to a room on the 5th floor. It was not made. Furthermore, it was clear that the previous tenanat had not yet vacated it. I left in a hurry.I was then given a key to another room, on the sixth floor. This room was ALSO not made. In fact, a security guard came to the room 2 minutes after I have entered it, and told me this must be a mistake, since the room was undergoing maintenance and still had fresh paint on the walls (I could smell it fo course). It took another 35 minutes before I was given keys to the third and final room...Then the Internet service did not connect and I spent 25 minutes with the technical guy on the phone...What a diaster!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	4	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cosi Cosa The definition of mediocre. We didn't have any problems with airplane noise during sleeping hours. Lobby didn't have a good feel to it. The rooms were typical. We had problems with the reservation staff. We needed to cancel one night of our three night stay (1 night, then 2 a week later) and they wanted to jack up the price on the remaining night from $99 to $161. Spoke with two people on-site then had to be transfered to Corporate Guest Relations who took care of it. Why treat returning guests that way? Also, wasn't I freeing up a room that they could supposedly charge a higher rate?On the plus side, the airport shuttle every 20 minutes was every convenient as well as the near airport location. I'd stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>rad21
<Content>Horrible Choice Due to a flight cancellation in Miami, we stayed at the Crown Plaza for one night. As soon as we entered our room we realized that we were next to the elevator motor room and every minute we could hear the elevator going up and down. I called the front desk and asked for another room. I was told the hotel was sold out and the manager would call me back in 5 minutes. The manager was rude, He never called back so we went to the lobby and asked again to change the room. They claimed there were no other rooms available, yet people were still checking in. We slept with earplugs and checked out in the AM. We will NEVER stay in a Crown Plaza anywhere ever again.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Won't make this mistake again. First off let me say that I definitely would NEVER consider staying at this hotel if I was vacationing, which I was not. Like other reviewers have stated the airport is 5 minutes away from this hotel and the hotel is DIRECTLY in the path of one of the runaways....meaning that every 10 minutes, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week a plane is flying within 1000 feet above the hotel (no exaggeration). This means that you will not get a peaceful and relaxing experience anywhere outside this hotel, especially in the pool area which is located on the 2nd floor and is on the side where the planes make their approach to Miami International. The rooms are medicore at best. Not the cleaniest and not the dirtest I've stayed at. They are basic and the minimum you would expect. Now the service is where this hotel really falls short. If I had to sum it up in one word that word would be GARBAGE.  We chose this hotel because we were told that it provided a shuttle to a hospital in the area free of charge. We further confirmed this via the hospitals web site, so we figured that with the hotel saying that they provided this service and it being on the hospitals web site we were covered. This was not the case and the hotel told us too bad and offered nothing to compensate us for the extra time and money we spent for their mistake.   When we first learned that there was no shuttle to the hospital as promised via by their regional booking office, which was the number listed on there website for the hotel, when we made our reservations. It took 45 minutes of waiting to talk to the manager - basically they forgot about us sitting there waiting. The front desk person disappeared and then was talking to a friend when I interrupted and asked where the manager was for a second time - no apology for my wait. Finally, I was able to explain the situation to the manager who said they did not offer that service and wanted to know to with whom I had made my reservations with. Bottom line is I made them a month earlier and could not say exactly who I talked to and which number I called. He checked and said I had called the regional reservation center to make my reservation....my though was so what and why does that matter? The night manager said that because I could not tell him who I spoke with there was nothing he could do, but talk to the general manager and see if they could provide transportion or compensate us in some way. Neither of things happened and Crowne Plaza could have cared less. We had to take a cab - $60 out of pocket round trip. I could have stayed at dozen similarly priced hotels with a free airport shuttle all much closer hospital (one that offers access to a $1 train ride right to the hospital) and told the manager the same. He agreed with me, but said there was nothing he could do but talk with the general manager.  Further, when we were working with the hotel to try to find a solution they got back to us after it was too late. For example, when our appointment was for 3:30 pm the following day and the night manager said he would have some contact us during the day before the appointment to let us know whether transportion could be provided They did not. When we returned after our appointment there was a message on our phone stating that hotel had not offered this service for at least 2 years, so there NOTHING THEY COULD DO. Ahh, I had a suggestion..... how about knock some money off our hotel bill for your mistake!!!!!!! Of course I found out they were giving the pilots staying at the hotel a ride to their training around the same time we needed a ride to the hospital, but I guess we were out of luck. Nice. On a side note the breakfast buffet was a complete rip-off at $30 for two of us - I mean we were at the airport not staying on SoBe. The service was lousy, the table dirty, the buffet average at best. This was the only meal we at the hotel for obvious reasons. Besides being close to the airport this hotel has nothing to offer and there are plenty of other hotels close by that I'm positive are much better. Crowne Plaza Miami, and for that matter all Crowne Plazas and their related companies, are off my list. In my opinion they did nothing to fix their mistake and communicaton with us was terrible. Terrible customer service.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tandem40
<Content>Wonderful Room This is a very polished hotel. Room seemed very clean. It was spacious with lovely furnishings. The king bed was extremely comfortable with pillow top mattress pad. Relaxation cd was available if desired. Beautiful granite counter in large bathroom. Very nice, thick towels. Too bad we only stayed one night. Now we know where to stay when we come back.2 drawbacks, recently imposed parking fee of $8 we were unaware of at time of reservation and could hear a man coughing in the room next door all night.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jursygirl
<Content>No relaxation time! There wasn't any chance to relax at this hotel. We stayed there for a few days to get away and relax by the pool. Not happening. First, the planes fly what feels like right over your head non-stop. They are very loud and very close. The pool temperature was so cold and the wirlpool temperature was so hot you could not get in either one. We took a break for lunch in the cafe. We ordered ice tea but I am still not sure what we got. It was awful! Our other choices were coke, sprite or water. Nice selection. My friend ordered the veggie burger with grilled veggies on top. Uh huh....just grilled veggies on a roll is what they call a veggie burger. If you want to go anywhere in this hotel you have to have your key out to do anything like use the elevator or open any door. This is good for security but they were hard to use and very inconvenient. We stayed on the quiet zone floor (no children). Again another joke. We woke up in the middle of the night with kids running up and down the hall banging on doors. I'm surprised they didn't trip over the dirty plates from room service laying all over the hallways all of the time. The bedding is all white and shows every mark. Our blanket had stains all over it. They may want to think about losing the white bedding or actually changing the blankets. Do not take the shuttle to the Dolphin Mall unless you have an hour to kill. We got on and thought we would go to the mall. Yes...eventually. The shuttle stops at every hotel on the way. The mall is less than 5 miles away and it took over a hour to get there. I guess this would be ok to stay for a night being so close to the airport but don't stay here for any other reason. Having a knowledge of the spanish language will help also because the english language was the minority here and many places in this location.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My Experience Was A Nice One I stayed at the Crowne Plaza this past August 2005. My company had their annual Sales Seminar. Had a total of 26 people. My customers all were pleased with the hotel. The guest rooms were very nice and the beds amazingly comfortable. My room was in the Executive floor. The room was a regular size room. I thought it would be a bigger room. But, I had no problem. Had a great night sleep every night. But then again I am not as picky and looking for spots on rugs and linens like other people. I checked the room,my bed, bathroom and everything was perfect. Room service was also great. Hotel was very quiet. No airport noise or loud annoying next door guest disturbing us. Hotel office and banquet staff was wonderful. Very friendly and accomodating. The only problems we experience was during check-in. The young girls that were handling the front desk were not very experience. There was alot of confusion with our reservations. They had problems finding the reservations in their system. It was a bit frustrating. They also gave a wrong guest room key to one of my guest. To his surprise the room was already occupied when he open the door. Other than that, we had a pleasant experience. I would use this hotel again.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>realityaddict
<Content>Disappointing.... I stayed at this hotel for a certification exam I was taking in the area. The hotel is situated fairly close to the airport and Little Havana, in a less than desirable area. It is conviently located to Coral Gables, however the area itself does not have much to offer. The hotel is located on a busy road, and their parking area was free but unmaned. It looked as if it used to be secure parking with an attendant, but now anyone can come and go from the lot. We booked a room on the executive/club level which was located in a quiet zone, which promised no kids, large groups and encouraged guests to not slam their doors or be very loud. Their executive room was the size of a normal two double bed room with a small chair and desk. It was nothing spectuacular and lacked the warm, clean feeling that many 3 star hotels have. The rug had many wear and dirty spots on it and felt a little grimy to walk on. There were a few obvious stains on some of the bedding as well. The bathroom was less than desirable, more on par with a 1 1/2 to 2 star hotel. The room description on their website mentioned bathrobes and a sleeper sofa or comfortable chair, but our room lacked both of these. However, I must comment on their beds, which were recently upgraded to pillow top matresses with new plush bedding - they were extremely comforable and inviting. And, they provided sleep kits, which included sheet spray, sleep eye masks and ear plugs, which was a nice touch.The lobby, restaraunt and bar of the hotel were pretty much deserted and lacked a warm or inviting feeling. It seems like this hotel is mostly used by people traveling on airlines or cruises, and has the just passing through area. Because of the lack of security in the parking lot, you must use your key to access the room floors which was nice, but made us wonder about how safe the area was.Another dissappointment was that we were awoken at 11:45 pm by a screaming kid in the hallway. When I opened the door to see what was going on, the kid and his parents were entering into a room down the hallway with luggage, which means that the hotel did not abide by their quiet room rules, as promised. Quite disturbing considering they charge an extra $20 per night for the assurance of a quiet night's sleep.My exam was in the Marriott down the street and their lobby was warm and inviting. Although I did not see the rooms, I would book at the Marriot if I had to return to the area. It seemed much nicer than the Crowne Plaza, even though they are both rated 3 star hotels and are comparible in price.The Crowne Plaza seems more like a 2 star rated hotel to me.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>PhineasFogg1899
<Content>Nice Hotel! Shuttle to airport very good. No smoking hotel, you have to smoke at poolside. Nice rooms. Breakfast very nice. Would stay here again before taking my flight home. Free parking. Hotel is quiet. Across the street you can find several resturants that serve great food for take away.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good choice Last year we stayed at the Holiday Inn, also on Lejeune Rd - which was a mistake so I took a chance on this one this year - and what can I say - huge difference! Check-in was very efficient - they even let us check-in early as we had driven down from Orlando and wanted to explore South Beach for the afternoon. Standard room size very comfy beds with the 'Sleep Advantage' system - i.e. extra sheets on matreass to make it more comfy. Nice pool area and sun terrace - fast efficient check out. Shuttle bus useful for the airport. Easy to find location.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Luvem2
<Content>Wonderful! The rooms were very clean and the bed  linens on the bed were so plush!!We stayed on the 6th floor, where they had a Quiet Zone. No children can stay there, no one is to talk in the hallways, or allow their doors to slam. Housekeeping cannot begin vacuuming until 10:00 A. M. The staff was friendly  very helpful. It was the perfect stay after a long flight!!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BillsFanVA
<Content>BORING! OK, granted we spent just one night in this hotel, and granted we were coming off of three excellent days in Key West, but this hotel was just plain boring.I had a reservation at check in, but the staff couldn't find it. They were able to get me a room though, at the rate I'd originally requested. It was VERY aggravating to have to answer 30 questions about the reservation though. On top of that, both desk clerks were trainees. To say that they moved s-l-o-w-l-y would be putting it mildly. I did not see an experienced person anywhere. Oh, the room was fine, and everything worked, and the common areas were very nice, but what are you to do in this hotel? There is a restaurant off the lobby area, but unless it's breakfast or dinner, it didn't appear to be functional (we were looking to have a cup of coffee mid-afternoon). The entire lobby area looked deserted. Ditto the bar area. No one to be seen when we were there. OK, maybe we hit it at an off time, but who knows? Not much in the immediate area either. And when it's 95 degrees, it kind of saps you from wandering around the area. At least we were able to high tail it to the Coral Gables/Miracle Mile area, which is about 2 or 3 miles to the south. We found some things to do there and a really neat Irish Pub.All in all, this hotel wasn't very interesting, nor was the area it's in. I was glad to leave.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good choice Stayed here as a part of a last-minute weekend package deal. The hotel's airport shuttle is free, prompt, and very convenient. The hotel is very nice, clean, and quiet. It isn't by the beach, so a car would be necessary for exploring the city, but it was a comforting place to rest one's head. The pool is pretty small, but nicely appointed. The building must be well-insulated, as we did not hear any airplane traffic overhead unless we were outside. I didn't want to take my chances with questionably clean/safe hotel on the beach, and this was a good alternative. Staff was generally very nice too!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for business trips This is my preferred hotel when I go to Miami, especially for business trip. My favorite features about the hotel are its location and rooms. It is located in a centralized location being that all major attractions are only a few miles away. It is located near the airport and about ? mile from a major highway, which makes it even easier to move around the city. The rooms are large, clean, and quite. The hotel staff was friendly and very hospitable. I greatly recommend it!!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for overnight stay Stayed at this hotel for just one night in November. It is a clean and efficiently-run hotel with adequate facilities in the room. I did not have time to check out any on-site facilities, but as an overnight hotel it is very good. Also driving down to town was very convenient.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銈傜逗楹椼仹搴冦亸銆佹湞銇斻伅銈撱亴銉溿儶銉ャ兗銉犮亜銇ｃ伇銇勩仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19171079, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

