<Author>lt_chill72
<Content>What an Experience!! I couldn't say one bad thing about the Casablanca Hotel. The location was ideal, the room was beautiful and the service was exceptional. When you walk out the front door of the hotel, you're only metres away from the Southern end of Times Square. In fact you can take photos of it from the front door of the hotel. The Casablanca upgraded my Mum and I to a King-size room, which was roomy and very comfortable, and there was also an elevator to get Mum upstairs, which was very helpful if you're travelling with someone who's a little older. The staff were extremely helpful no matter what time of the night or day you walked through the door. And Rick's Cafe was my little haven! We would go there at all hours of the day for a tea or coffee, for our afternoon wine and cheese session, and it was just a great place to relax and unwind after a long day of walking around NYC. Breakfast was also lovely. I would stay at the Casablanca again in a heartbeat! Thanks to all the staff for making our stay so special!!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Stully
<Content>Delightful Casablanca We spent Christmas week at the Casablanca and had a good experience. Our room was quite nice--we splurged on a mini-suite--and the staff was lovely. Only a couple of very minor critiques regarding the room: The towels were a bit scratchy; there wasn't a lot of storage space in the bathroom for makeup, etc.; neither of the two DVD players nor the CD player worked; and when we arrived the temp. in our room was around 90 degrees, which we quickly remedied by cranking down the thermostat and turning on the ceiling fans. Otherwise, the room was immaculate and nicely decorated, and the bed was extremely comfy! We loved the lounge with the 24-hour snacks and hot drinks--just what was needed on a cold and windy day after walking around midtown for hours. The continental breakfast every morning was nice as well. Did I mention that the staff was great? I can't say enough about them. Our room faced 43rd St. and there was some street noise (the garbage trucks at 5 a.m. were not pleasant but that only happened once), but hey, it's New York! And the Casablanca is literally feet from Times Square. We were able to walk to and from Penn St. as well as Rockefeller Center, public library, skating in Bryant Park, 5th Ave, Central Park, restaurants, Broadway shows, etc. We tried Tony's Italian restaurant next door for dinner on our first night and it was fine--huge portions of food at a reasonable price, plus great people watching. Next time we go to NYC we will probably stay in a different area of the city just for variety, but if you're planning to be in midtown, you can't do any better than the Casablanca.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rickandilsa68
<Content>Enjoyed Casablanca Just returned from a 4-day stay at the Casablanca and we were thoroughly pleased with our stay there. It was just what I wanted from a hotel in New York City during Christmas week. The weather was cold but the hotel made us feel warm and cozy--from the gracious staff to the open -24-hours -a -day relaxing public room. It was a treat to be able to sit in the room next to a fire and have hot chocolate, tea, fruit, or cookies at any time. I always felt as if it was an intimate bed-and-breakfast, rather than a hotel. I loved the North African inspired decor --would have preferred North African music piped into the public areas, instead of Christmas music (my only complaint!).  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LallyBristol
<Content>Simply The Best!!!! I booked this hotel as a surprise for my husband to celebrate his 40th birthday and quite frankly I don't think I could possibly have found a better place to stay in New York! From start to finish the staff were fantastic. I had a conversation with the head housekeeper (I think it was Maria) and it was refreshing to see how much pride she genuinely took in making sure everyone was happy with their stay. Our room (410) was spacious, comfortable and spotlessly clean, as was the lounge/breakfast area.From the young ladies who served breakfast and the cheese  wine in the evenings, to the reception and door staff (Hassan was exceptionally pleasant and ran around for us no end!) there is simply nothing negative I can say about these people.We had an absolutely amazing time in New York, and if we are ever lucky enough to return, I would not consider staying anywhere other than the Casablanca.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Canigiani
<Content>A Gem of A Hotel "The Casablanca Hotel" NYC The Casablanca Hotel is a great place to stay. Even though the address off Time Square-the Hotel is quiet and safe etc.I would highly recommend this hotel. Please read all the other current reviews as the say it all. Again the hotel is great.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LynThirza
<Content>Lived up to all expectations - and more Thoroughly enjoyed our first ever trip to NYC and this was in large measure due to the hotel. Didn't want an anonymous corporate monolith and we certainly didn't get one.The Casablanca is perfectly positioned for the major sights, well-run, ever so slightly quirky, and with very friendly staff who take a personal interest in one's stay.Loved it.The cheese and wine evenings are a great idea - not sure if this is just a novelty to us Europeans - but a good way of meeting some other guests if you wish (or not). Excellent hospitality.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MrCroc
<Content>Disappointing considering the rave reviews I was really looking forward to my stay at the Casablanca as it was reviewed as the top hotel in New York on Trip Advisor. Perhaps I have just been fortunate enough to have stayed in some amazing hotels but this was certainly not one of them. The bill for two nights was over 拢700 (more than the flights from London). Yes the staff were friendly but everything else was decidedly average. The wine and cheese reception was disappointing - note to the hotel not everyone likes chardonnay! the cheese could have at least come from a proper deli not the local supermarket and phili cream cheese in little tubs for breakfast really was quite insulting especially to New Yorkers who pride themselves on great bagels!I would save your money and stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>yabooklady
<Content>It's the little things.... It is the little things that can make a hotel stay good or bad and I have to say that the service is what makes this hotel an excellent choice for staying in NY.Three of us shared a King Suite room and by midwest standards it is small, but by NY standards it was spacious. There was street noise, but this is NY...you aren't going to find quiet!The little things that will bring me back to this hotel again are the staff and service. The complimentary wine/cheese each evening and the breakfast bar were extremely nice to come back to/wake up to each day...and a money saver. If you've never been to NY these things will cost much more than you ever expect. I also appreciated that these things were available all day...not just during certain hours. After a long day of being in the city coming back to the lounge was quite nice.Finally, while most hotels will hold your luggage for you after you check out, the hotel staff treated me like I was still checked-in. I still had access to the amenities and after traveling to this city before, this is not always the case.This is a great stay because of its location to Times Square, Broadway, public transporation, central location, etc...but the real reason is the staff and amenities.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BlueBarmy
<Content>Just adored the Casablanca!       Our bedroom - Casablanca Hotel  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lynpam
<Content>Great Location Recently returned from a 5 night stay at The Casablanca. Extremely helpful staff and a good, clean, comfortable hotel albeit a little too expensive for what it is.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>biscuits76
<Content>Nice but too expensive for what you get Efficient and friendly service, convenient location. Clean hotel in good state of decor. Room fairly small, no bath (just a shower). Ancient TV took up too much of what little space there was. Wine  cheese is a nice touch, but very basic breakfast (fruit, cereal, pastries). Interesting Moroccan theme - some would say tacky but I thought it was quite fun.Bill (including tax) came to almost $1000 for 2 nights. It may be naive of me given the location and the time of year (holiday season), but for this price I was expecting something amazing, and what we got was just a nice little quirky hotel. For that reason I would not return.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>LisaKBelfast
<Content>Fantastic Stay at the Casablanca I have just returned from a holiday in New York and had to leave my comments on the Casablanca. This is a wonderful hotel, there is absolutely nothing bad that I can say.Before we left for New York we were contacted by the hotel to confirm our reservation and wish us a pleasant trip over which I thought was a nice gesture. When we arrived we were upgraded to a King room, having booked a standard room. The room was immaculate and extremely clean, nice touches included bottled water and chocolate, robes and a cd and dvd player...you could borrow New York related DVDs from reception! The room was also vey quiet considering the location. On the location, you are a stone's throw from Times Square and all amenities, it really is fantastic.The breakfast was great, pastries, bagels, cereal, tea, coffee, juices etc and the 1st floor lounge was a great place to unwind after a day's shopping....especially with a glass of wine!Finally, I can't thank the hotel manager enough for the way in which he treated myself and my (now) fiance. He helped him to arrange a surprise proposal complete with complimentary champagne...I haven't met a nicer, more professional person and it was a pleasure to deal with him.What more can I say, book the Casablanca, you will not be disappointed!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ockid
<Content>Radio city christmass show yearly event Great rooms ,very clean ,everybody extra friendly we paid for the inclusive package but they where all out of bubbly no big deal for me but some might be upset over that ? they did have complimentary wine  chesse reception that was nice we don't go in for a big breakfast so the european-style breakfast was great for us lots of coffee .frest fruit bun of some kinds not to bad the rates are like any hotlel they all are a little high but you get a great room a good nights sleep cozy for sure you will leave rested and ready to explore the big apple for thats what staying over night is all about .  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>joemac32
<Content>lovely little hotel this hotel is lovely and clean, there are however some points i must make to make this a fair review. We had a quiet room at the back of the hotel, the a/c unit is direct to the outside so some street noise can always be heard..what you do need to bear in mind though is that this is new york city, there will always be background noise. the room itself i felt was small, (511) as was the shower room. what we did miss was a bath, after pounding the streets for hours and hours personally we would have liked a relaxing soak, but that is very personel preference. we cannot however distract from the very personel service that this hotel offers. turn down every evening with chocolate bar, wine and cheese, complimentory 5pm-8pm every evening and the very high standard breakfast offered every morning was a real bonus.All the staff were extreamly helpful, polite and courtious throughout our stay and find it hard to believe that some reveiws have been negative towards staff here, we greated everybody in the same way we were greated every time we walked through the doors and never had a discourtious word said. i have to say with this hotel it's the little extra touches that make your stay very special, nothing too extravigant but you are made to feel that little bit more welcome than some big chain hotels. this hotel isn't cheap, but for the service you receive is worth those couple of hundred more. we had a complimentiry bottle of bubbly included in our stay and the front desk made sure we received this. all in all i would book to return to this hotel as the location is fantastic and central and the little extra's make your stay that little bit more special.....tony's italian next door, good pasta, reasonable prices, $20 for pasta and meatballs enough for two, be warned the beers are expensive, $7.50 for a corona, also spankys bbq just up the street is worth a mention, just what you'd expect from an american eatery, reasonable beer, good ribs and chicken and the service and staff very good. we loved nyc and will be making a return journey sometime in the future and if the prices at cassablanca stay reasonable, will book to stay there again.Joanne and Martin McGee, West Yorkshire.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LarsLandskrona
<Content>Perfect location, super staff Juat spending a few nights in NY, this is the perfect place. Close to everything, very friendly staff, good service, quality coffee free 24h, wine and cheese in the afternoons for free! Small rooms but that's refleceted in the very affordable price. Good breakfast.Just perfect for European tourists spending a short vacation in NYC.Lars and Rozita, Sweden  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JoseSandoval
<Content>wonderful hotel ! Excellent hotel, great service. Especial thanks to John, the maneger.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>harleybonz
<Content>Class Act What a great hotel 50 paces from times square.They treat you like royalty.Even though it's 50 paces from Times Square, the hotel is very quiet.The hotel is also very clean and very modern.The breakfast and evening cocktails are awesome.I look foward to returning.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LittleBoomey
<Content>As calm and relaxing as we hoped The Casablanca hotel was an oasis of calm amid the manic streets of manhattan.We really enjoyed our stay at the Casablanca, most of the previous reviews were spot on. The highlights of the hotel have to be the relaxed breakfast, 24 Hour Coffee and Cheese and Wine evenings. All of the staff we met were very cheerful and helpful. We didn't try the restaurant next door so we can't comment, but the best meal we had was at the trattoria trecolori four blocks up on 47th street. If we come back to New York we'd definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	3	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>redheadWakefield
<Content>Beautiful Hotel Lovely location Just spent 3 nights at the Casablanca,what a hidden gem, right on Times Square but away from the noise and hustle and bustle. Right from the time we stepped through the door and when we left the staff can not do enough for you. We had been given a superior room at the back of the hotel, they was no view but it was lovely and quiet, the complimentary bathroom amenities, a lovely touch. Breakfast a perfect way to start the day, and all day tea and coffee is a great bonus. Staff are there 24 hrs a day and ready to help and offer advice. Cheese and wine every night a great way to meet other guests. Would reccommend Heartland Chophouse Brewery just down the road for nice food, steaks, burgers, fish dishes and assorted beers which my husband said were good, all reasonably priced. Hotel is lovely and clean. Staff are so friendly and helpful. I would recommend the Casablanca Hotel to anyone wanting a lovely hotel and central location. Mark and Debbie Gillen Wakefield  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Greenseys
<Content>In love with NYC and the Casablanca Hotel My partner and I recently traveled to NYC to get married. We decided on this hotel for our special occasion based on tripadvisor reviews... the reviews could not have been more accurate! We are absolutely in love with this hotel and NYC. The staff at the Casablanca could not have done anything more to make us feel welcome and accommodated - they went out of their way to make our special day even more special. John, the General Manager, was especially fantastic and deserves a special mention... as do the great cheese and wine evenings : ) We are so impressed that we have already planned our return in April. We would never consider staying anywhere else......  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bob_Snaddon
<Content>Home away from home... My wife and I are just back from a 6 day trip to New York to celebrate my 41st birthday which was complimented by our stay at the Casablanca. We have nothing bad to say about the hotel and can only reiterate every positive comment you can read in any of the reviews listed. Every single member of staff was top notch and the hotel itself is absolutely perfect for a stay in New York... hats off to the Casablanca and all its staff!! Bob  Ann-Marie Snaddon (Aberdeen, Scotland)  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>holidayfamilyof8
<Content>21st just returned from the hotel casablanca, spent 5 nights at this superb hotel for my daughters 21st birthday, booked this hotel due to the wonderful reviews on trip advisor. i must say we were were delighted, the staff were exceptional, the manager was professional and lovely at all times, i am at a loss as to what some people exspect from a hotel as the standard provided at this hotel is second to none. it felt like home after a long day shopping and the homely greeting at the front desk was always a lovely touch. The breakfast and cheese and wine were so welcome and made a for a much cheaper trip as on 2 nights we were so tired from shopping we filled up on the cheese and wine and its not just cheese and wine there are dips, bread and many other things, meaning we did not want dinner. I have stayed in many high rated hotels my father was in the industry but i can truthfully say this hotel deserves its status the staff work so hard nothing is too much trouble and the quite rooms that are clean and well furnished make the whole experience really special. i have previously stayed in some of the bigger hotels in new york and felt like a number not a name.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pinkmanda
<Content>Total Satisfaction guaranteed, or I'll eat my hat! If I were to write how pleased I was with my trip, and in particular the standard of accommodation at the Casablanca Hotel, I could not write enough!My trip was an indulgence to mark my 40th Birthday, and I left my husband and children at home for some girls time with a very close and dear friend from Sweden.We were very pleased with first impressions of the hotel and these were buoyed up for the duration of our stay. Lovely warm, clean room, big bathroom and good daily maid service. We loved the relaxed atmosphere of the day lounge where breakfast and evening drinks were served daily as inclusive. The girls who poured our drinks and toasted our bagels were delightful, interested in our trip and keen to anticipate our needs, we felt like family.In fact this has to be the Casablanca trademark, high quality service, with an individual touch, we felt safe and welcomed each time we entered the lobby.Our holiday could have been a disaster had we not had such a wonderful, place to lay our heads, I am so glad that we followed other Trip Advisor reviews and booked in at the Casablanca. We will return!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MaryDeanne
<Content>Brava Casablanca A lifelong friend and I stayed 4 nights at Casablanca and will return. Everyone very helpful, especially the doorman whose name is Al, I believe.Location superb, at Times Square but oh so quiet. We walked to theatres.Great to get continental breakfast and wine and cheese every day.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>msudawg98
<Content>Fantastic first trip to NYC My husband and I just returned from our first visit to New York. We chose the Casablanca based on TripAdvisor reviews, and we weren't disappointed. I was a little apprehensive about warnings of noise, small rooms, and lack of security, so I made a call to the hotel and spoke with Vanessa. She was so incredibly helpful and kind! I knew after speaking with her that my concerns weren't warranted and that we'd have a wonderful stay.We arrived early on a Monday and though I was expecting to leave our luggage and come back at check-in time, our room was ready for us when we got there. The staff were friendly and helpful from the moment we walked in the door. Yes, the room was small (we stayed in a king room), but there was plenty of space for us and our luggage. The room and bathroom were immaculately clean, which is the most important thing to me in a hotel. As far as the noise goes, there was barely any at all! Granted, we did stay in a room on the back, so we weren't facing the busy street, but the only sounds we heard were occasional sirens, and even that wasn't loud enough to bother us. Besides, what do you expect when you're staying in Times Square??Every evening when we returned to our room, it was spectacularly clean. The staff gave a great recommendation for a wonderful little bar nearby (Jimmy's Corner). The breakfast was filling and delicious, wine and cheese in the evening was fabulous, the 24/7 coffee and cookies were greatly appreciated, and the people we met at the Casablanca were wonderful. I can't say enough great things about our stay. I recommend this hotel for anyone who wants great service, cleanliness, and kind people in a non-pretentious atmosphere!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>starlighter4
<Content>Loved the CASABLANCA!!!!!!!!!! We love this wonderful hotel. I found this on the internet four years ago and we stay there every year. A group of my girlfriends go to New York for 4 days every year. Once we found this place, there was no going back anywhere else. In fact, we make our reservations every year when we leave for the next visit. Vanessa, at the front desk is so cheerful and helpful. Al was always there at the front door. He even weighted our luggage for us because we thought our bags were overweight. John always had a smile for us and was most helpful with anything we needed. The ladies taking care of the breakfast and wine and cheese time were delightful as well. Always pleasant to talk to, and offering extra service when needed. The rooms are just what you need when staying in New York City, since you don't spend alot of time in your room anyway. We refer all of our friends to this hotel. You meet the nicest people in this hotel at breakfast and at the wine and cheese time.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SarahRogJess
<Content>Loved this little hotel My daughter Jess and I stayed at this hotel from 13th to 17th November 2008 to celebrate her 15th birthday and we both had a great time. Like others say it is exceptionally quiet considering you are only steps away from Times Square. When we arrived we were met with chocolates and champagne in our room - all complimentary -they had picked up on the fact it was Jess's birthday which made her feel really special. I had no issues with any of the staff - they were all professional and polite and very helpful. If Jess was younger this wouldn't be the place I would choose - it's not geared up for young children but it is ideal for couples/groups of friends/people with older families. The cheese and wine night and breakfast encourage you to meet new people and get chatting - we met some lovely people there - hi Jerry and Mia and the lovely nurse and her lovely friend who so bravely fosters the girls!!I would go back again without hesitation and i can be picky!!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	-1	5	3	

<Author>janeandvince
<Content>Perfect Location-Perfect Little Hotel A welcoming staff greets you when you walk in the door. The hotel is very European in size and style... Rick's Cafe is warm and comfortable for breakfast and for a glass of wine after a show or shopping. As Philadelphians who enjoy Broadway, thiis hotel will be our new home in NYC. The diner next door is perfect for a late night hot pastrami or wonderful bowl of soup. The atmosphere is calm and quiet, with Times Square just steps away. The Casablanca and Billy Elliott made for a wonder ful NYC escape. Thank you, John.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Michski81
<Content>Love it! I loved the Casablanca, I recently got married in New York and stayed at this gorgeous boutique hotel. It was a group trip and there was 13 of us in total, every single one of my guests commented on how fantastic the Casablanca were, the staff are so friendly and will help with anything they possibly can. The breakfast really sets you up for the day and the staff will get you anything they can. The Casablanca could not put a foot wrong in our eyes and were fabulous. I have to comment about John the manager, he was so helpful and I cannot understand the previous person's post, he is so helpful and is clearly an educated man, he was always attentive to our needs and nothing was too much trouble. I know we will be back to New York and I know we will stay at the Casablanca again, it's become our home from home!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>revstrick
<Content>Best hotel in New York City for the money. Great value We have stayed at hotels all over New York for 20 years. Two years ago we stopped. We stay ONLY at the Casa Blanca. We're here 2-3 times a year and the quality and service are always impeccable. The staff is the friendliest staff Ive EVER seen in a New York Hotel.If you're looking for a 'home away from home', you can't go wrong with the Casa Blanca. Not only are the staff friendly and accomodating, the ambiance is truly Casa Blanca. The rooms are nice and big by New York Standards. The Common Room offers outstanding breakfasts and wine and cheese every day for free. Small groupings of tables make the spaces cozy and homey. Some nights they have a jazz pianist.We've quit looking for other hotels. We stay nowhere but here! We love it.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>HNTVirginia
<Content>Casablanca is a real winner. We stayed at the Casablanca November 14 through the 16, 2008. Staying at the Casablanca was truly a lovely experience. We had read many reviews on TripAdvisor and made our decision to stay based on the reviews. We were very pleased. Our room was located in the back of hotel. Our room was very cozy and quiet. My husband and I loved the tranquility of Rick's Cafe. You could leave the hustle and bustle of Times Square (just a few feet away), read the paper, have a drink or a snack and, most of all, relax. The continental breakfast was excellent and the wait staff very personable and attentive. The desk staff and bellman were very helpful with directions and always greeted us on our entrance. On our next visit we will certainly stay at the Casablanca.By the way, Tony DeNapoli's, next door, served a terrific meal. The Brooklyn Diner next door also served a delicious after theatre dessert.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>terrygoldberg
<Content>Professionalism has left the building Very good location. I would like to acknowledge Phillip the bellman who was such a helpful individual, very professional and accurate. However I cannot say the same about the front desk employees, who could care less about this review. Management is another joke. I had such trouble with the internet in my room. I had asked for assistance, eventually I had to speak to the GM privately. My encounter with the GM seemed to have no effect on my slow/not working internet. I noticed that his eyes were very glassy and nostrils wide opened. His vocabulary was terrible and he showed me no class. I was very disgusted when one late morning I was exiting the building and as I was exiting the building the door to the front office was opened and I heard the GM tell another employee that I was another stupid guest who was complaining about the internet and how he didn't care if I had important emails that I had to attend. I walked away after I heard that, very dissappointed. Stay away if your on a business trip. Sister hotels are nothing like this hotel, so try to stay at the Library if you are around midtown manhattan.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Londongirl19
<Content>Will stay here at The Casablanca again! My daughter and I had a great few days staying at The Casablanca. The hotel is small but personal and the staff couldn't have been more helpful or courteous. I would certainly stay here again particularly as the location is so close to Times Square and therefore very central.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>SusieHLondon
<Content>An oasis just 50 paces from Times Square This was our first visit to New York from London and we could not have chosen a better hotel. The staff were all knowledgeable, friendly and helpful and the room was clean and pleasant with all the facilities we could have wished for.Although the hotel is only 50 paces from Times Square with all its noise and bustle, once inside, there is no noise to be heard. Being so close to Times Square and the subway meant that it was easy to get around either by walking or by subway.As it is a small hotel, we found that both staff and guests were very friendly and it was good to meet up with so many different people both at breakfast (which was excellent), during the day and in the evening when cheese and wine were served. Tea, coffee, biscuits, pastries and fruit were available all day which was great as we found that sandwiches from delis were far too large! We would thoroughly recommend this hotel both for its location and its ambiance and had a great stay.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>PipSwitzerland
<Content>The best choice in NY! We were overwhelmed by the choice when trying to pick a hotel in NY and eventually made our decision based on reviews on the web.We spent 6 nights at this small but lovely hotel and can only confirm all the good things we had read. It has a perfect location just off Times Square and several of the city's attractions can be reached on foot. It is the personal touches that make this hotel so special - the wonderful, helpful staff, the great quality breakfast, the complimentary wine and cheese, free use of the internet etc. Although the rooms are a little pokey, they are clean and nicely furnished. I thoroughly recommend it to any tourists visiting the city.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kinney352
<Content>Casacrappa My husband and I spent the day touring prospective hotels for an upcoming trip to the Big Apple and wanted to make sure we would be happy with our choice. I'm glad we did! We wanted to make sure we would be close to the Theater but away from all the hustle and bustle. This hotel fit that criteria, however, the hotel is in serious need of updating! The staff was friendly and accommodating, but the hotel, from the entrance to the tiny elevator and the dated hallways and rooms were anything but upscale from what we were expecting. We looked at several hotels in the area and all met or exceeded our expectations. I would not recommend this hotel. There are many other better choices in the city.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>bergmaninCDN
<Content>Excellent all round Excellent hotel, great service, good size room and bathroom. quiet and yet right at the heart of Times square. We would absolutely stay there again when visiting NYC  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>justrosie
<Content>Wonderful Experience Stayed for one night with my senior mother to celebrate her birthday. Great location near Times Square. We walked from Penn Station to the hotel (about 9 blocks), from hotel to Radio City (about 7 blocks), to restaurant row. Our room was not available at early check-in so we stored our luggage and enjoyed the fresh coffee. tea, latte, etc. and fruit/pastries available all day on second floor lounge before heading out into the city for awhile. Everyone was extremely polite, helpful and accommodating. Rooms and bathrooms appeared updated and very tasteful. Hotel very clean. Didn't make it to evening wine and cheese, but there was a bottle of champagne in our room when we returned at night . Loved everything would return in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>B1_and_B2
<Content>Better and Better This was our second stay at the Casablanca, and it gets better and better. Although pricey, this small hotel is in a great location (just off Times Square), with easy access to local restaurants and theatres, as well as a subway stop that takes you to other neighborhood. The rooms 鈥?and bathrooms - are good sized by NYC standards. The d茅cor is done in a Moroccan theme that works. Breakfast at 鈥淩ick鈥檚 Caf茅鈥?鈥?the lounge on the second floor 鈥?was always a pleasure, as was the wine and cheese event held there every night from 5-8 (and which we always made a point of attending, no matter where we were at 4!). We had to ask the staff for help at a few points, and their response was inevitably friendly and useful.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GOMCP
<Content>Haven of peace in a hectic city We stayed in the Casablanca Hotel for a week in October 鈥?8 and really enjoyed our stay.We arrived in a rain storm and were a bit apprehensive when we saw the small door of the hotel on the opposite side to a building site!We need not have worried 鈥?we were warmly greeted and checked in with no problems and we were assured of a quiet room, as we had requested.Our room (310) was quiet as promised. And it was a reasonable size with plenty of storage space and a safe (which we believe every hotel room should have one). Also the main room light was in the centre of the room and gave good lighting. (Why do the majority of hotel rooms have the lighting at the sides of the room, which can make for dark rooms?)The bathroom was also a reasonable size and very clean. There was a small set of drawers in the bathroom giving ample space for storage of our nick-knacks 鈥?a nice touch. There was the usual supply of toiletries. The bath towels could have been a bit bigger.The bed linen and towels were changed every day 鈥?housekeeping even came round in he evening to check if we needed the towels changed 鈥?another nice touch. They also provide a bar of chocolate each evening 鈥?much better that the measly bits of chocolate provided in some hotels.The lounge (Rick鈥檚) turned out to be the hotel鈥檚 biggest benefit. It was a quiet haven in the hustle  bustle of New York 鈥?you would not believe you were half a block from Times Square.For breakfast there was a choice of Fruit Salad, Cereals, Yoghurt, Fruit and Pastries, with plenty of coffee (including de-caff). The food and coffee were replenished promptly. The one drawback was that there were only a few tables where you could sit to eat properly 鈥?the remainder of the seating was easy chairs and sofas 鈥?fine for the wine and cheese, but not the best for eating a bowl of cereal (maybe we are getting picky in our old age!) Breakfast time could also be busy so finding any seat was sometimes a problem.The evening Wine  Cheese time was one of the best points of the hotel 鈥?it is an excellent idea and just right to return to (several) glasses of wine (a choice of white, red or sparkling) and some cheese and biscuits after battling through Times Square. In this case the easy chairs and sofas were just right!For the rest of the day and evening Rick鈥檚 provided complementary Coffee, Hot Chocolate and Cookies 鈥?again just right after returning from the theatre.There is only one PC with internet access in Rick鈥檚 and whilst we had to wait a few times this was not a big issue 鈥?no-one hogged the PC unnecessarily.All the staff were extremely helpful. Any problems were promptly fixed (For example, our room was initially too hot 鈥?the radiator was stuck at high, but this was fixed whilst were out.) The servers in Rick鈥檚 cleared plates away swiftly and made sure the tables were clean. The Lobby staff were extremely helpful and were full of suggestions on where to go etc.All in all an excellent hotel in a marvellous town!Some tips:There is a Post office a block and half up 43rd street 鈥?just turn left out the hotel.There is an Information Office close by: Turn right out of the hotel, then right and it is about three blocks down. You can buy tickets for the Bus Tours here and much more.For UK visitors, if you are visiting Meadowlands/Giants Stadium, then take your passport if you want a beer. They only serve you after producing either your passport or US Drivers Licence. Even though I am over sixty (and look it) I was refused a beer.Eating:Tony鈥檚 (right next door) 鈥?excellent Italian food 鈥?the portions can be large 鈥?although the lunchtime portions are more manageable.The Red Flame Diner 44th Street between 5th  6th Avenues 鈥?excellent place for good non-pretentious cheap food - the soup is excellent 鈥?just right for a light meal.John鈥檚 Pizzeria 鈥?44th Street 鈥?very good Pizza (although not as good as Santaniellos in Bedford, UK). You can have a variety of toppings on the same Pizza 鈥?excellent to share.Junior鈥檚 鈥?for Cheesecake 鈥?two locations: Brooklyn (386 Flatbush Avenue) or Grand Central Station.鈥淩estaurant Row鈥?is on 46th Street between 8th  9th 鈥?loads of restaurants for (almost) every conceivable type of food  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bbclefties
<Content>Very enjoyable stay! I stayed at the Casablanca for 4 nights in mid-October. I had a room on the third floor, and found the room to be extremely quiet. In fact, I slept better at the Casablanca than I did at the other hotels I stayed at in the USA, even though the others were in quiet rural locations. The room was at the back of the hotel not facing the street, and although this makes it a little dark it was probably the best choice.The room was a little on the small side, and lacked a bit of draw space for longer stays. However, the wardrobe is big enough, and a table and chair are also provided. After a bit of too-ing and fro-ing we managed to get settled. The owners have resisted the urge to cram lots of furniture in ( a good thing in my view).The bathroom was nicely finished and was functional, with a full length mirror (yay!), making good use of space.The standard of d茅cor was acceptable to good.One thing I would say is that the room was extremely clean when we entered it (and I do look at these things), and was correctly and properly cleaned and tidied each day.Rick鈥檚 caf茅 is a nice place to get a cup of tea or coffee. It was about the only place in my trip to the USA where I managed to get a really good cup of tea, and my wife liked the choices of different types of coffee. Breakfast was OK, with lots of tea for me and a selection of pastries. This room was large enough for the number of guests using it, and kept neat and tidy at all times.All in all, the Casablanca has quite ordinary guest rooms and public spaces. What makes the place stand out are the staff, and I鈥檒l give you some examples.- The cleaning staff who clean and tidy rooms to a high standard.- The staff who work in Rick鈥檚 Caf茅 on the second floor. There was always a member of staff in attendance, making sure the room is clean and tidy, and re-stocking cookies, tea, coffee, and anything else that might run out.- The staff who work in reception. Check in and out was quick and efficient, and they usually opened doors for us as we came and went.- All of the staff are bright and cheerful towards guests.- The manager took the time to introduce himself to us. The location is pretty good. Personally I don鈥檛 like Times Square, but there are so many other places in NYC that I do like that are within a short walk it makes up for it. There is also a good number of subway lines to choose from close by.On the whole a good choice.My only minor negative comment is on the subject of value. My 4 night stay cost 2000 dollars (including taxes) which to me seems a little on the high side, but may be quite normal for NYC.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>sazlian
<Content>Fabulous Casablanca! My husband and I spent 5 days here from the 1st of November 2008. From the minute we arrived, the staff couldn't have been more helpful! It was my birthday on the 2nd and we enjoyed the complimentary bottle of champagne left in our room...a pleasant surprise indeed! Our room was ample in size, with subtle touches such as turn down, chocolates and mineral water. Our dinner river cruise was kindly booked for us by the hotel staff. The atmosphere surrounding the presedentail elections is something we will never forget, most notably the Times Square area. We thoroughly enjoyed the refreshments available all day long - especially the wine and cheese in the evenings! We will most certainly be re-visiting with our daughters in tow soon!!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ayjones
<Content>18th Birthday Treat! We stayed at the Casablanca at the end of October for 5 nights. It was our daughters 18th birthday present. What a fabulous stay we had. The staff were extremely helpful, very knowledgable and pleasant and couldn't do enough for us. The location is fantastic, you step out of the door and there is Times Square! If you are intending to visit the theatre then this place is perfect. It is also perfect for other sights which are all within walking distance( if you like to walk), we didn't use the subway once. Fifth Ave, Broadway, Empire State Building, Central Park , Grand Central, NY public library, Rockafeller Centre, NBC were all easily accessible from this location.The inside of the hotel is lovely. We stayed in the mini suite which was ideal, quite roomy with a good sized en-suite- all kept very clean. The only downside, and this is not the hotels fault, was the noise at night. We were at the front of the hotel and New Yorkers LOVE to use their car horns no matter what time of day or night it is. If you are a light sleeper then take ear plugs!Breakfast was fab! A continental style which set us up for the day. Staff are again very accomadating and friendly at breakfast. The room breakfast is served in is very relaxing, soft furninshings , sofas etc. Newspapers are there for you in the morning to read as you eat. Throughout the day hot and cold drinks are available as are cookies if you want to help yourself. This I thought was a very nice touch and very welcoming at the end of the day. The staff also layed out cheese and wine in an evening, this again being one of those touches that is fully appreciated and adds to the stay.  I would definately stay here again, I myself have every intention of coming back to New York. It is one of the best cities in the world and I have visited many. It is so easy to get around and there is so much to do. We visited all the sites mentioned above as well as the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island, the museums and a Broadway show. There is still much more to do.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>givehoot
<Content>Great small hotel. Very helpful staff. I'll start by saying that I prefer small hotels. I usually stay at the Hotel Elysee in NYC, which I love, but this trip had more meetings nearer Times Square. Turns out this hotel is owned by the same company. http://www.hkhotels.us/home.asp. I was a bit concerned about noise in that area, but my room was very quiet. It was small (bathroom door barely cleared the bed), but it was well-appointed and cozy. The bathroom (also small, but fine) looked new with beautiful tile, nice toiletries, and it was spotless. The cafe on the second floor is great for breakfast and a nice place to stop and regroup any time of the day as they have fresh coffee, tea, etc. available all day long. The staff was excellent. Everyone was eager to help and to please. I would definitely stay in this hotel again or any of the HK hotels for that matter as I am pleased with both I have tried. I am eager to try out the other two (Library and Giraffe) on my next trips.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	4	5	5	5	

<Author>pamieb
<Content>Superb stay at the casablanca hotel Spent a four day shopping trip at this idealy placed very comfortable hotel. Staff were allways happy, helpfull and made our stay easy and fun. The rooms are comfy breakfast served in a lovely lounge area which was open all day for complinentary drinks and snacks. Perfectly positioned for the theatres or the shops just off Times Square  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>JRY
<Content>Fabulous This is a fabulous hotel, in an excellent location. From the wonderful staff to the spotless bathrooms, the comfortable beds (small rooms, yes - but this is New York), lovely decor, complimentary breakfast, tea, coffee, juice, biscuits and pastries all day, cheese and wine .... the list is endless.If you want a central location, near everything, this is the place for you. A minute's walk from Times Square, three minutes from the tour buses, five minutes from Fifth Ave, ten minutes from the Empire State, Grand Central station and the Rockerfeller Centre (and the Magnolia Bakery - world's best cupcakes). Also only a 15 minute walk from Central Park and Tiffany's!!!We would return in an instant.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Glasgow_Jock
<Content>Wow! We stayed at the Casablanca at the beginning of October - we booked it on the strength of all the excellent reviews on this website, and we have to say that we were certainly not disappointed...We had travelled to New York for a 5-night break with our 8 month old baby in tow! From the moment we arrived until the moment we left, we were made to feel so welcome, and nothing was ever too much trouble...From providing us with a fridge in our room to keep baby food cold, to Laura who boiled water and filled bottles for us every night, the help and care that we received was faultless...In fact, they even posted our two coats back to the UK for us when we accidently left them behind! The room was spotless, and large enough that it didn't feel cramped even with the cot and fridge which obviously wouldn't normally be there! Rick's cafe was a lovely place to chill out after a mad, busy day and having the internet there was ideal for getting details of places to visit, and to check-in for our flights home...The central location on Times Square was just amazing, and although we had a room on the front of the hotel, we were never bothered by the noise - but then after pounding the streets of New York from morning til night, I don't think anything would have kept us off our sleep - we were always exhausted! Having been so impressed by our stay here, we will most definitely return in the future...  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bondurant10
<Content>Oasis of calm. Just got home after staying at this Hotel for a week. The standard of the room and the service was superb. Located 10yards from the hustle and bustle of Times Square, yet step through the doors of the Hotel Casablanca and that is immediately left behind. Great value for money and generally the hotel gave us a great holiday experience. N Gough UK  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Nadine1Ireland
<Content>Great hotel Recently stayed for 5 nights in the Casablanca Hotel, and from once we arrived to the time we checked out the service was fantastic.The room was beautifully appointed, and although not huge, there was plenty of space, I had being worried about this having heard about the tiny rooms in many New York hotels. The bathroom was spotless. with fresh fluffy towels, which were not only replaced every morning but also every evening if they had being used.Ricks Cafe which was opened 24 hours a day, was a peaceful oasis only a few steps from Times Square. Breakfast was served there, and tea, coffee, juices and biscuits were available all day free of charge. Complimentary wine and cheese were available between 5pm and 8pm every evening and was a great way to unwind after a hectic day shopping and sight seeing. A computer with internet access was available in Ricks Cafe free of charge.Should I get the chance to return to New York, I won't have to spend hours trawling through the internet looking for a hotel as I will be booking the Casablanca Hotel.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MaisieMontreatNC
<Content>best of our NYC experience We've been reluctant to stay in the Times Square area on our many trips to the city. But a brief theatre visit made it a necessity this time. We were beyond delighted with the attractiveness and serenity of the Casablanca; Vanessa, Peter and other staff were cordial in the extreme and helpful in managing our luggage after check-out while we were at the theatre. A major criterion for me is an immaculate bathroom, and this one was flawless. The lounge was beautifully done, spacious and provided a lovely breakfast and nice food during the day. Members of our family -not staying in the hotel- who expected to wait for us in the lobby were instead invited to wait in the lounge with wine and cheese. The hallways and our room were imaginatively decorated and spotless. A renovation was completed 7 years ago, indicating that maintenance is a priority.Our appreciation to staff and management for a fine visit.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dilstonite
<Content>Happy 21st My daughter and I had a great stay to celebrate her 21st birthday. The hotel provided the perfect antidote to a hectic round of shopping, sight-seeing and entertainment. Our room was comfortable, clean and pleasant. The atmosphere and refreshment facilities were welcome and welcoming and the staff could not have been more friendly and helpful. Topped off by being in a perfect position a stone's throw from Times Square yet relatively peaceful and quiet.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MiaIre
<Content>fantastic hotel!! cant wait to come back My husband and I stayed here on the first leg of our honeymoon and absolutely loved it. The hotel is small but so personal and the staff are so friendly  helpful without being in your face!! We were given an upgrade on our room plus a bottle of champagne as a token because of being on our honeymoon. room was fabulous, clean  comfortable although quite small but it is New York and we were not spending much time in the room. Complimentary breakfast, food and wine was much appreciated and very nice! Free Internet in the lounge was great and always working, yes maybe you have to wait a few minutes but hey not much to quibble about really!! Location could not be any better, literally in Times Square. Fabulous restaurants nearby and always felt very safe. Cannot wait to come back to New York and we will definitly be staying in the Casablanca again. big thank you to John, the manager who gave us great advice on all the sights, restaurants and nightlife! he made us feel so welcome and is a credit to the hotel!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rockmonkeys
<Content>Excellent Choice We stayed in this hotel for two nights pre-cruise on the strength of reviews on tripadvisor.Must say it was an excellent choice. We were travel weary when we arrived after a transatlantic flight and we requested a quiet room at the back. 'The staff at the check-in were most helpful and cheerful and gave us what we needed. The room was very comfortable and clean and had complimentary internet facillities in the room.It was an oasis from the buzz of the NY streets. Excellent location, within a stone's throw of Times square. Rick's cafe on the second floor welcomed us with complimentary wine and cheese.The staff at the front door were most helpful and really went out of their way to make our stay comfortable; they are to be complimented.Will certainly go back again.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Tonyblue
<Content>Here's to the next time....       The terrace - nice place to chill!  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CheekyGirlWiltshire
<Content>This is the place to stay!!!!! Fantastic welcome on arrival. Straight away all the staff were willing to help and made us feel right at home, checking that we had everything we needed. As it was my 50th birthday the hotel manager had organised a personal meet and greet and offered complimentary champagne on a day of my choosing and we were upgraded to a fantastic Suite. On entering our room we were greeted by a large room and bathroom with an extra large comfortable bed. Again more complimentary goodies, wine, water, bath robes, slippers, good size tv. An excellent start to the day was the breakfast, which offered a good selection of continental choices. This was an added bonus as a lot of NY hotels charge extra for breakfast or do not have this available. During the day tea, coffee, lattes etc are available with fruit and cookies and you can just help yourself. From 5pm - 8pm the hotel offers wine, cheese and crackers as another complimentary. This was particularly useful when we had show tickets at 8pm and didn't want to eat a big meal beforehand.The hotel was in a great location for theatres, shopping and everything else you would want to see while you are here.Overall experience of this hotel made New York trip even more special and I would definately stay here again if I came back.Couldn't fault a thing!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bigskyroamer
<Content>Great -- but not flawless The Casablanca is in a wonderful location, and is truly an oasis next to the chaos of Times Square. It's easy to get around in Manhattan, and the hotel is somewhat centrally located for the major sites. The decor is nicely done, and everything was clean. Ricks Cafe was a great place to relax. But room selection is key. Initally, we ended up in a room on 43rd Street, which was too noisy for me (but not my roommate). We moved to a room in the back of the hotel. Things were quieter, but our window and AC unit looked out on vents from nearby restaurants, and the room had an odor of food. Another party spending the time with us stayed in a more central room (311). Though they had a full-size bed instead of a queen size, their window and AC looked out on a courtyard adjoining Ricks, and they did not have a problem with noise or odor. I would definitely stay at the Casablanca again, but only if I could get a room such as 311 or 411, for example. The front desk staff was very helpful and responsive. There were issues of slow drains, but that seems to be a common problem in hotels. A good value for the money, especially if you can get a room such as 311 or 411.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>fireflyperth
<Content>Loved it What a lovely place to stay!! Because of its small size, only 43 rooms, it meant that you certainly got personalised service. From the turn down service of a night to the charm and friendliness of the staff it could not be faulted. Centrally located so seeing all the New York has to offer was a breeze, but lovely and quite inside, nice to come back and relax to.Would and have recommended it to all my friends and would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Sell-Byes
<Content>Best hotel - should be No.1 We can't imagine a better place to stay in New York. The location is perfect being within 15mins walk of Central Park, Empire State Building, Grand Central Station, Rockefeller Building, Broadway theatres, Macy's etc and no more than 25 yds from Times Square.The breakfast suited us perfectly with a great choice and Ricks Cafe is also pleasantly appointed with a handy computer for keeping in touch. The idea of breakfast without going out and searching for a Diner was just what we wanted (although there is a diner within 20 yards).The evening wine and cheese party is a nice touch and staff were courteous at all times. We thought that the supply of Umbrellas for Guests usage on the one night it rained to be going that extra mile.Ray  Jacky King  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>wesmy40
<Content>Nice Little Hotel We stayed here for three nights after reading the good reviews on this site. Firstly I would say that the location is brilliant, just off Times Square and within walking distance of a lot of tourist sites. We had a room at the back and it was so quiet you would not believe you were in the middle of the city. The room itself while not a large room was perfect for our needs. The complimentary coffee and biscuits available all day was a welcome treat as was the cheese and wine in the evening. Breakfast was available in Rick's Cafe every morning and there was a good selection available. We found the staff to be courteous and overall enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Ljmelbin
<Content>Smelly, surly, clean, don't understand the hype I spend 6-8 weeks a year in New York City, mostly for business but sometimes for pleasure, and have tried numerous hotels rated on Trip Advisor, usually with excellent results. I will not come back to Hotel Casablanca.Although the hotel has some nice amenities (that they are proud of) such as wine and cheese from 5-8 pm, that didn't make up for the lack of security, and the horrible, horrible sausage smell in our room. Yes, sausage. I was also sorely disappointed with the level of professionalism and service from the front desk staff.Security first, as that is a more specific and tangible concern. There is usually just one person behind the front desk, and when we walked in at 11:00 PM on Sunday evening (no doorman, except once during the three days and two nights we were there) he didn't even look up from whatever he was doing and only greeted us when we were already up the stairs. This is in Times Square - literally, in the square. It is so crowded and it just felt like anyone could walk right in. The room we stayed in had only one deadbolt and no chain - and although it's a nice place, I found that strange. There are two doors to enter the hotel, and no one opened them for us, ever.When we checked in, the clerk offered to upgrade us from a full size room to a queen, noting that we had requested fragrance and feather-free. Although he offered to upgrade, and we accepted, there was no upgrade: the room was actually a full size bed. And alas, while clean and spacious for a NYC hotel room (and I have stayed in many) reeked of sausage when we first opened the door. Each time we returned to the room, we were assaulted with the smells. I attribute the odor to the window unit air conditioner and the proximity of restaurants. When I first went down to ask to change the room, the clerk did not apologize, said there was no room to change us to, and handed me a can of air freshener. I told him that we were trying to avoid chemicals, and that using air freshener would just make the room smell like chemicals and sausage. Even carnivores would be nauseated by clothing, hair, and bedding saturated with pork smells.The next day I told them again how unpleasant it was, and they told me that the manager wasn't there, but he would be. Finally, John the manager came in at 9 am, and suddently, magically, there was a room available. He at first offered to reduce the room rate, but when he moved us into a suite, withdrew that offer. The suite did not smell like sausage, but by the time we were in it, we were so grossed out, it was not worth it. We regretted ever coming to the Casablanca. When we discovered the DVD remote didn't work, and that it was ancient and apparently not exchangable, the front desk guy came up and tried to help, but told us that he would have to replace the DVD player. As it was 11 pm, we told him that it would have to be tomorrow.A last note on the staff: they were proud of their designation on this site as one of the best in the city. However, they were not happy, and did not hesitate to express their feelings. One guy behind the desk (mentioning no names as not to get him into trouble) seemed clinically depressed and shared his feelings of malaise about New York with us.Overall, I am disattisfied with the level of customer service (casual to the extreme) and the lack of concern the staff had. Once we complained twice more about the sausage, we were told that everyone on our side of the building was having trouble with the smell. No one has ever complained about this before? I asked. Never! This is the first time!This hotel is immaculately clean - the wine and cheese time generous - but it's not worth it.(After writing this, I cancelled another reservation I had on the website. Luckily, I kept the cancellation information. Last month, as I was happily ensconced in the West 11th Townhouse (great place!) I got a call from the hotel asking me why I had not arrived for my nine day reservation. It took a bit of back and forth - I forwarded my cancellation email to them - but finally they saw that I had cancelled. They did not charge my card in advance, thankfully.)  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	2	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>anah1717
<Content>Nice hotel - with a few faults I chose the Casablanca from the good reviews on this site. My british in-laws had never been to New York and we thought what better way to do it than place them in the middle of it in Times Square. Overall, we had a good stay with a few notable exceptions: 1) The pull out bed in our suite was absolutely atrocious. The middle sagged so much that with two people in the bed, you would both slide into a crevice. Those mattresses need to be changed ASAP! Why advertise a suite with a pull out bed when this pull out bed is so useless? Of course, we could not move since the hotel was sold out. 2) The so-called free wireless'' never worked. We were told to call the IT department and were on the phone with this person for 45 mins and in the end it never worked. I kept calling the front desk and they said it was a problem in the entire building - from the reviews here, it seems the wireless rarely works. 3) Yes, there is a computer you can use in the lounge but there always seemed to be someone on it, so when you needed to check on an address or something, you could not. There should be a posted sign about a 20 minute maximum, especially when others need to use the computer. The good things:1) Great breakfast (as long as you don't need a huge american style spread) and hot drinks always available (and daily newspapers) 2) Nice wine  cheese in the evening. So what if its not expensive wines, it was still a nice touch3) Central location for touristy things, many subway stops and places to see within walking distance  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	4	4	1	

<Author>NLD28
<Content>Casablanca is great! We stayed here after reading the reviews on this site. The Casablanca is in an excellent location, just off Times Square. The real bonuses of this hotel were free tea/coffee/biscuits all day and the cheese and wine reception between 5-7pm each evening. Breakfast was also good quality. The staff were friendly and helpful.Rick's cafe provides a home from home living room and free internet access complete with printing facilities. We would definitely stay here again. A couple of tips we picked up from the reviews and would agree with are to request a rear facing room (nice and quiet) and to book the superior room for a bit of extra space.Enjoy it!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Jrevs
<Content>Amazing Amazing location, top quality rooms  facilities, with great service from all the staff we encounteredThe room was not the biggest but fairly large by NY standards  surprisingly quiet given it's location (about 20 yards from Times Square)The breakfast was a good selection of fruit, lots of different pastries  more coffee/tea options than your average StarbucksEvening cheese  wine was unbelievable - choice of red, wine or sparkling wine (or water, juice, tea etc if you prefer) with approx 6 different cheeses to choose from!The hotel is certainly not cheap (we paid approx 拢1300 for 5 nights) but for peace of mind for a quality NY hotel, I'd certainly recommend staying here  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Harry1Melbourne
<Content>Fantastic hotel with amazing staff Couldn't speak more highly of this hotel. It is in a great location but once inside you wouln't know Times Square was so close by. After travelling the world for 6 weeks we would rate the staff here and the Davanzati in Florence equal best! They were so friendly and helpful. I hurt my back while staying here, and they were exceptionaly caring. The only problem we had was our first room, although very big, was noisy at night as it faced the street. We asked to be moved after 2 nights, and we were moved to a much quieter, although smaller and darker room at the back of the hotel. This really didn't matter though as you really only spend the night in the room and sleep is most important! Breakfast was satisfactory and happy hour is a nice touch. Next time would get a cab from the airport (as they have a set price) rather than the shuttle which felt unsafe with too much luggage and no barrier between passengers and luggage! Would definetely return here.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Fitzio
<Content>Excellent Choice of Hotel The Hotel Casablanca is an excellent choice for a stay in New York. It is very central, and located close to Times Square, and although it doesn鈥檛 have great views like some of the bigger hotels may have, it is a little quieter due to being just off Times Square, and is much more friendly and personal due to the size of the hotel. All of the staff were extremely pleasant and happy to assist with any requests. We really enjoyed the complimentary continental breakfast each morning (I had expected that we would eat breakfast out a few times, but we really didn鈥檛 feel the need to so in the end, and ate in the hotel each morning). There is a choice of cereals, croissants, pastries, muffins, yoghurts, fruit salad, bagels, boiled eggs, cheese and preserves. There is tea/coffee/hot chocolate available all day which is a nice touch, and in the evening there is cheese and biscuits, and wine which is also complimentary and a nice way to tide you over until dinner. I don鈥檛 drink much, but really looked forward to the good selection of cheese, and occasional glass of sparkling wine each evening. The rooms were also of a high standard, as was cleanliness throughout the hotel. Our room was a little small, and did not have great storage space for unpacking, but I think this is pretty standard for New York hotels from what I have read, and didn鈥檛 really bother us. The only gripe we had was that although there is free internet, the connection wasn鈥檛 great. I am not sure if this was because we were on the 6th floor (I think I read this on another review on here), or because of the amount of business users in the area, as it did seem to improve at the weekend. Again, this was only a minor thing for us, and there is a PC in the lounge area for use (along with a printer) which was better if you need something quickly. The hotel also had a nice little terrace area just off the lounge where you could sit outside amongst some greenery, however as it rained pretty much most of the time we were there, people didn鈥檛 use it much at all. Overall, our stay was excellent, and we would definitely return to this hotel again for the great location, friendly staff and tasty cheese and wine/breakfasts!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>WillyDude
<Content>Great Stay Nice boutique hotel just steps from Times Square. Stayed four nights in mid-September and it couldn't have been better. Room was a bit small but very clean. Staff very friendly, helpful and eager to please. The breakfast and nightly wine  cheese was a nice touch. Will be back again !  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>JudyJSanDiego
<Content>Great Location We had a great experience at the Casablanca. We arrived early and our room was ready. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The Casablanca is only a block from Times Square and is fairly priced for the accomodations. We were able to walk to dinner and our play. The staff member who helped us with directions to the Statue of Liberty was very specific which was great as we had never used the subway system before. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>tokalot
<Content>Oasis of Calm My sister-in-law and I enjoyed our stay at this excellent hotel. Staff were friendly and helpful, rooms lovely and a perfect size. Breakfast and wine and cheese was a nice touch. Only a few yards from Times Square but no noise at all....an oasis of calm to come back to after pounding the streets! highly recommended.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mh1HoiAn
<Content>Great Hotel We are two couples from Sydney Australia who stayed at the Casablanca Hotel for 8 days in the middle of September. We found the hotel oustanding in every respect. Need to view this hotel as 'the total package'. It is located right in the heart of Times Square, rooms and bathrooms are spotless and well furnished, decor in rooms and hallways is impressive and the piece de resistance is Rick's cafe on the second floor with access to 24 hour coffee, snacks etc and free wine and cheese every evening. Also free internet access in the cafe. This was a great place to relax and meet other guests. This is a boutique hotel so will not offer all the amenities of a larger chain but this is what made the hotel so far as we were concerned - smaller, friendly staff and place to relax and socialise outside of your room. When we arrived one room was very noisy and we asked to be moved. This was no problem and we were quickly located to another room on the other side of the hotel. Received excellent service from all staff with a special mention for Zishan and Hassan who were exceptional in providing information and for their courtesy and friendly approach. The hotel is certainly not in the budget category but we considered it worth the money, especially given the substantial complimentary breakfast, all day snacks and free wine from 6pm to 8pm. We would definitely return.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DDHerbs
<Content>More shopping sir? We found our stay at the Casablanca pretty good.As some other reviewers have said the rooms are pretty small - but spotlessly clean with the right decor.The public areas also are very nice, and the endless complimentary coffee and cookies are great after a long evening in the city to unwind and rest those feet!You couldn't get any nearer to Times Sq if you tried, the location is absolutely A1, although you do need a tolerance to the New York 'din' if you have an outside room.On arrival the friendly staff couldn't get my credit card to be accepted... however after a few heart flutters they apologised as the guy had entered the details incorrectly.We were presented on entering the room with a complimentary bottle of sparkling Wine, which was a nice touch, and although we didn't get the room I had requested - they did move us the following day with no hassle at all, in fact the bags etc were all moved by the Casablanca staff whilst we were out - very smooth.Overall a nice, small, clean well run hotel.Plus points... Location, staff, complimentary wine and breakfast.Minus points... Noise at front of hotel.Darren and Lisa, Doddington, Cambs.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>mack_10000
<Content>Look elsewhere - rated too high! I really don't understand the high praise of this hotel.I stayed at Sofitel and Casablanca for 3 nights each. The Sofitel is incredible. Casablanca is dreadful. They were the same rate but the Sofitel was sold out and I believed the positive feedback on this site. This was our honeymoon. Sofitel gave us an upgrade and champagne, Casablance did nothing - not even an acknowledgement. Even though, when I called to book the room, the manager said that we would be upgraded.Run down, musty smelling, staff clueless, poor service.Asked for a room away from the street, due to massive construction. Got upstairs and room was facing the street. Called the desk and someone brought a key for another room. Instead of helping, he took the only elevator, so we had to wait for it to come back up. Went to room 308, had a view of razor wire and paint buckets. I turned off the A/C and the loud sound did not go away. Outside, were huge A/C units from other buildings.We couldn't even use one of the rare electrical outlets, it was so worn that the cord would fall out. The TV, lamps, bed, ceiling fan, A/C were so outdated, we were disgusted and longed for the Sofitel.Bathroom had small pedestal sink and toilet was positioned so that you could not even sit on it without puting your legs to the side. The water pressure and temperature in the shower was inconsistent.The internet did not work in the room, neither the wireless, nor the ethernet cable that was in the room. Instead of the staff resolving the problem, they gave us a phone number and said we would not be charged for the called. Upon checkout, they tried to charge us for the call. We had to ask for the manager to remove the charge. The internet never did work, so we had to go to the common room where breakfast was served to use the internet.The food was mediocre and the breakfast staff had loud, annoying conversations instead of clearing tables. Breakfast was essentially ordinary pastries and cereal. There were cheese and crackers and generic wines in the evening.I asked the front desk for a pizza place near by. We never found it. The next day we happened to walk by it - he had given us wrong directions even though it was only 1 block away.Location was too close to the crowds of Times Square, Very disappointed with this hotel and it took the fun out of our trip. Really becoming very skeptical of the feedback on this site.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	1	1	1	

<Author>anjelcake
<Content>Great little hotel Our third stay at this hotel and would be reluctant to stay elsewhere in NY having stayed in a couple of other hotels previously.Yes it may not be the cheapest but the facilities are brilliant, 24 hour refreshments, breakfast, cheese and wine in the evenings use them all and you really get your moneys worth.The rooms are spotless even if they are not very big - who wants to spend time in a hotel room.The staff are really friendly and welcoming.The location is great, Times Square is a few steps away but so is the subway so an escape from the noise and crowds is easy.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Donnamu
<Content>Does what it says on the tin! We booked the Casablanca after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor and in the main, would agree with the majority of these. We arrived earlier than expected and were greeted by a friendly doorman and our room was ready. We stayed for 5 nights, asked for a quiet room and this was provided (609). I stayed in a suite with my parents and we were pleasantly surprised at the size of the room. Having read previous reviews we expected no space at all but found plenty of room for all our stuff! The bathroom is lovely and spacious and complimentary toiletries were gorgeous - tip: don't take your own! The housekeeping staff were fabulous, bringing clean towels and fresh toiletries every morning and afternoon, and the room was spotless. TVs in the bedroom and living area stopped any arguments over the remote too! This is definitely an oasis to come back to after a hard days sightseeing - breakfast and cheese and wine saved us alot of money and were welcomed. The staff in Rick's Cafe were great, couldn't do enough for us and the computer access was really helpful to check on things. We met some great people staying in the hotel and it is definitely a much more friendly, relaxed environment than some of the larger chains. The door staff were very friendly too, offering a welcome smile and cheery goodbye when entering and leaving the hotel. On the downside, some of the reception staff did not appear to have a great knowledge of local restaurants and were not overly helpful. This seemed to depend on who was on duty. Some of the other staff were great and very helpful and friendly. Looking at previous reviews this does seem to vary and this was our experience. The day staff were certainly much friendlier and genuine (perhaps others were just fed up working nights?!). Unfortunately, the bottle of champagne we were hoping for on my Mum's birthday did not materialise as written in a previous review. This was a bit disappointing as we had hoped for a special day for her and this would have been a nice touch. The hotel needs to keep on top of things and not get complacent regarding their position in Trip Advisor, otherwise they will quickly find themselves slipping down the ratings. All in all, this was a great stay and we would definitely stay here again, perhaps keep an open mind and don't expect too much and you won't be disappointed. Make your own itinerary and do your research before you go then you're not reliant on others to plan your trip. The hotel is great and the location could not be better (literally just off Times Square). The rooms are not as small as some I have seen and perfectly adequate for New York. This really is a little oasis and inside the hotel, we couldn't hear any noise from outside. I doubt you would find anywhere better in Manhatten at the prices paid.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Anjef
<Content>Ups and downs of the Casablanca We booked the Casablanca after reading reviews on trip advisor. We arrived just after lunch so we did not expect our room to be ready and we checked in and left our bags to take a tour and arrived back after 9pm. We had booked a deluxe king room and had requested a room at the back of the hotel, when we were shown to our room it was a very small double, room 508, more in keeping with a single room, at the quiet rear end of the hotel. We contacted reception to be told there were no other rooms available in the hotel but they agreed it was not a king room but the hotel was full. The next day we had another full daytrip booked and found we had been moved to another room, this time a kingsize but at the front of the hotel and we were given a bottle of champagne. They also made a deduction to the cost of our nightly rate. The second room was a bit larger with a king bed but unfortunately at the front of the building which is very noisy, we decided not to ask to be moved again and bought some earplugs which did help. The staff in the hotel are very good, polite and helpful and will do whatever they can to make your stay a good one, but our stay was not ideal. As we were checking out we were met by the manager who apologised for the problems and we were given a complimentary stay if we would like to return in the future, this was a nice gesture, but we had asked to see the manager from the day we arrived and I feel his apology was a little late in the day. We had booked this hotel a long time ago, directly on their website and expected better than this from a hotel with such good reviews.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>panhandle22
<Content>Not worth the money Only stay here if you can get a room for under $300 USD. I have found many great hotels around the world because of the reviews on tripadvisor. This is the first time I have not agreed with the majority. The service at the hotel is apparently not what it used to be. I booked the hotel for a weekend for my parents. I wanted to pay for their stay and stopped by the hotel (I live in NYC) a few days before and left my credit card info. The clerk at the desk assured me that all would be billed to my card and most importantly, that my parents would not see the bill. He even said he would make a note on the reservation that they were not to see how much the rooms were. Well, I saw my mom after their stay and she handed me the bill which she was asked to sign that included the charges for the room. :-(The first room they were given on the 3rd floor had garbage left in it and imprints in the bed from where someone had been lying on it. My folks called the front desk and the manager asked what would you like to do? What kind of question is that? My mom said she was not happy about sleeping in a bed someone had already laid in so they offered them a new room. That should have been the first thing out of the manger's mouth, not what do you want to do?. The room they were given on the 6th floor was small and a bit worn around the edges. They were also promised a bottle of champagne on the second night for my father's birthday which never arrived. My parent's called the front desk who proceeded to question whether they were telling the truth or not about the missing champagne.The area around the hotel is under heavy construction so make sure to ask for a quiet room. This was at least a request that the staff at the Casablanca honored for us.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>chaldePennsylvania
<Content>Wonderful Hotel!! I do not understand the negative reviews of this hotel. We were very impressed as soon as the doorman greeted us at the entrance. Check in was a breeze. We arrived before noon, so our room wasn't ready, but that was expected. We asked the front desk clerk for directions to a pub we wanted to try - he looked them up on the internet, called the facility to confirm that they were open, and reviewed the directions with them to make sure we would find it. That's SERVICE! Other staff memebers were equally helpful and very friendly.The rooms are small, but very clean as others have stated. We had a room facing the courtyard and did not hear a bit of noise from the city.As others have stated the continental breakfast was a huge plus - assorted juices, coffee, tea, milk, yogurt, fruit salad, pastries, bagels, oatmeal, etc. The wine and cheese in the evening was welcomed after a long day of sightseeing.Do yourself a favor and stay at this hotel - location, service, comfort, cleanliness, and a good value for NYC!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>G&SWestSussex
<Content>Our First Visit to New York We have just returned from a weeks stay at the Casablanca. Located around the corner from Times Square, we were not expecting the oasis behind the entrance lobby. it is very difficult to add to the reviews written about this hotel, it is everything  more than we had hoped for. Room was comfortable, with everything we needed, the one downside was the noisy air-conditioning which did'nt seem to want to turn off! However we found that we got used to it .The service was excellent, and when I needed a doctor, an appointment was made  we were sightseeing within an hour.We can also recommend Tony's next door, excellent food  service, especially after a busy day. They will also deliver to your room,a real plus if you dont want to go out again. Refreshments were on offer all day, another nice touch was the cheese  wine in the early evening. All in all a lovely relaxing stay in a great location.We would love to return to enjoy another visit.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BlackRhino
<Content>Be warned> Very slow Internet (!) Great location, clean  comfortable room with a nice Morroccan theme. Big bathroom and closet were a plus. However, one big drawback... Internet connection on my floor (6F) was exasperatingly slow, and I had to come down to the lounge on the 2nd Floor for a reasonable speed. Overall, great hotel for pleasure, but stay away from Casablanca hotel if you'll be in NYC on business.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CornhillScotland
<Content>Fantastic service at Casablanca My wife  I recently travelled from Scotland  spent 8 days at the Casablanca, from arrival to departure we were superbly looked after by all staff, the arrangement in Rick's Cafe for breakfast, tea, coffee , fruit  snacks during the day  wine with nibbles in the evening was the best hospitality possible.Our room was British standard size so we were comfortable  had adequate space, being at the rear of the Hotel the disturbance from City Centre traffic was minimal.The location is perfect only 65 of our paces from Times Square therefore close to Theatres  many Restaurants.The standard of service can be summarised by the offer to us when we left in a downpour they suggested that we take one of the Hotel umbrellas with us in case we were exposed to heavy rain when leaving our Taxi at the Airport building.In our view there can be no better Hotel in New York for location, effciency of staff, if we return to New York there is only one Hotel on our list, the Casablanca  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EltelUk
<Content>Not a peaceful haven by any means We stayed here over the weekend 5-9 September and were, to be frank, slightly disappointed but not surprised, having read some of the more objective reviews here and on other sites. Yes the hotel is conveniently located but it's far from peaceful. Although we were upgraded to a King Suite this was street facing and incredibly noisy so be warned if you get a room at the front it will not be an Oasis, there are construction sites more or less opposite where they work all night and the traffic is incessant - on the plus side the air conditioning units are so loud they will drown out any external noise. The rooms are not soundproof as they advertise, but our room was spacious, very clean and comfortable. however we had virtually no sleep for 4 nights. As others have said, Rick's Cafe is very nice but lacks enough tables for breakfast, there are only 4 (not really enough for 48 rooms) where you can sit normally otherwise you need to have your breakfast sitting on settees or low chairs or get down early before the business people with their laptops monopolise these tables. The wine and cheese in the evening and all day pastries and drinks are a welcome touch and the staff in there are kind and polite. I'd also echo some others comments about the reception staff, helpful - to a point but not overly so.We ate in the associated Toni di Napoli restaurant one night but unless you and your partner(s) want the same dish avoid it; they only serve (indifferent) food for 2 or 3 people, they wouldn't even prepare a single side salad 鈥?it's basically a family fast-food place with abrasive staff. Walk a few blocks and there are much better places to eat. All in all, $2000 dollars (including taxes) for 4 nights at a standard room rate even though we were upgraded, isn't value for money in this hotel and I'm sure as others have stated there are probably much better options. The minus points outweigh any good points and we wouldn't return. Read all Trip Advisor comments about this hotel - it's easy to get carried away with the effusive 鈥淧eaceful Haven鈥?impression that some convey.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Lawrenson
<Content>Great stay! Lovely hotel, great location, would stay again.Initial impressions were that it was rather dull and dark, but by the end of the first day the Moroccan theme had rather grown on me 飦?br/>Free breakfast, and early evening snacks were very welcome.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>superchant
<Content>Friendly Oasis Excellent little oasis off the clamour of Times Square. The hotel is made by the friendliness of ALL the staff who were always willing to smile, to help and to go the extra mile. The snacks, breakfast, wine, cheese and ambience of Rick's Cafe also add to the ease and enjoyment of the experience. Would much rather stay here than some of the 'grander' hotels of New York that we met relatives in!As with other travellers, the only (minor) down side was the size of the bedroom - however it was immaculately clean, peaceful, comfortable and had all the additional extras that one could wish for.Would definitely come back here if visiting New York.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>10sChick
<Content>Classy  Based on all the glowing remarks given to this hotel, I too booked my first trip to NY in the care of the Casablanca. And what a pleasant stay it was! As mentioned by all the others, the location is fantastic. Step outside and BAM!, you're in Times Square. Step back into the hotel and you'd never even know you were in a big city. The rooms are small, but exceptionally well decorated, completely updated and very clean. The staff is attentive, pleasant and eager to help in any way. And the complimentary items (wine  cheese each night, breakfast, DVDs, internet access) were better than expected. But most important, the mattresses were awesome! Firm with nice linens. I don't normally sleep well in hotels, so this was an exception. Book with confidence.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CavKA
<Content>It's good but... This is my first time writing a review for Tripadvisor but as I travel loads and use this site, I thought i would start to contribute. Firstly, I do like Casablanca but I liked it more a few years ago when it was indeed a 'find' and when the rates were slightly better. NYC is expensive and I realise the hotel rates (you'll not get anything below $380 or so) reflect this but the comparatively, the hotel was always a bit more of a good find in terms of cost, not just the little extras.The hotel is nicely situated. It is right in Time Square and despite its location, if you get a back or inner room, it is fairly quiet. If you get a front room, expect street noise. The rooms are fine, the twin room is quite spacious and nice and is my favourite as it is toward the back but they have very few of these and so harder to get. The King size premium rooms that are inner are bigger than the standard but NOT large by any means. The decour inside the rooms is fine but there is a slight feel of it becoming worn. There is now free WiFi in the rooms, which is great. There is also a machine on the 2nd floors (ricks). THe big plus is that the hotel does have a continental breakfast, included with all rates and they do a nice wine/cheese every night from 5-7. What has changed, and only in some cases, is that the front desk staff really is so varied in how they meet/greet guests. When we checked in, I was less than overwhelmed by the greeting (I have stayed there 2x per year over the last few years). But then a change in front staff and a whole different vibe. What is consistent is the doorman who are great. So a bit mixed, whereas I do remember a time when it was just consistently friendly and just that nice home feel.I think if you decide to stay here, do it for the following. You like a smaller hotel, you want that central westside location and you will take advantage of the breakfasts and happy hour (and there is coffee and pastries all day). So you can come back and chill out in this 2nd floor area. Particularly good if you are travelling with an elderly person or children or just in inclement weather. Do not stay here if you like something more modern with more in house facilities. Of the Time Square hotels, this would be the one I definitely prefer. In short, it is nice but I find the slot it is occupying now a bit over the top for what the hotel actually provides...  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>ChrisSakhalin
<Content>Location, Location, Location We stayed at this place after a recommendation from a friend. And how we need to thank him. The place is so close to the action of Times Square yet once you fight your way through the crowds to get in the door it is just so tranquil in the hotel. Its hard to believe when you are in the hotel how close you are to Times Square.Check in was efficient with no hassling to take our bags when we were quite capable to carry them ourselves. The standard room is small, there is no other way of putting it, but it does the job.One of the best things is the lounge on the 2nd floor. Very peaceful with lots of reading material, a TV and a free internet terminal. Evening wine and cheese is excellent as it the breakfast.Tonis, the restaurant next door, does good Italian food till quite late.All in all a great place, well worth the money. I would not look for some where else if I return to NY. I'll be straight back here.Top Tip - ask for quiet room that does not face the street. It could be a bit noisy if you do (although I can not quantify how noisy). We asked, and got, a courtyard facing room that was very quiet.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Hutchs_girl
<Content>Casablanca is A++ We had a fantastic stay at the Casablanca during the first week of the US Open. Staff was very, very helpful when there was a minor mix-up with our room......extremely accommodating!!! Also, wine/cheese and breakfast included in the price. Beds were very comfy with nice soft sheets and good pillows. My husband often travels to NY for business and he will definitely stay again and highly recommends. Great location too.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>LovesVacation22
<Content>Great hotel We selected Casablanca based on reviews posted on Trip Advisor and were definitely not disappointed. The hotel was very nice, staff very nice and professional (as well as helpful), and the location was perfect. We definitely will return.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lotta_and_anders
<Content>Made us want to visit NYC again This was our third stay in NYC but the first time in casablanca. Until now we haven't really liked NYC but after our visit to Casablanca we really want to go back. When making our onlie resevation we almost instantly got a personal email back which we replied to with some personal preferences. This was also replied to almost instantly which felt great. Upon arrival we were friendly greeted and taken care of in a professional manner. The hotel features a few things not always found in a hotel but are nice such as the free wine and cheese in the afternoon.The location was great with Times Square just outside the door and still the interior of the hotel featured a very quiet and relaxed atmosphere.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>DespinaAd
<Content>Oasis We visited from Greece and spent six days in this magnificent hotel.It was our first visit to the city. Great hotel , very polite and helpful staff .Very clean hotel also. A real oasis in the madness of Times Square!  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jobberdave
<Content>A Haven Lived up to our expectations. A truly peaceful respite from the craziness of Times Square. We had a problem with the car service pick up but the front desk made amends for the consequent delay. Otherwise perfect.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	2	5	4	

<Author>Tricia31
<Content>Why didnt I find you earlier I cant believe it took us so long to find this oasis . From the minute i walked in the door and was greeted by the staff I knew i would never stay anywhere else .It was a wonderful place and I couldnt believe that it was so close to everything yet once you were inside it was a haven from the frantic Times Square . It had so many lovely touches the lady playing the piano on Friday evening , The way the staff remembered who you were . The evening check for new towels .I have been to New york many times but never felt so pampered and cared for . The room was small but just perfect for our needs and spotless . I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants more than a bed to sleep on.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>_Canadiangypsy1
<Content>Perfect hotel in every way Every review about the Casablanca proved to be true as my daughter and I found out after our week in NYC. From the welcoming e-mail,, to our check-out (at 4 a.m.) we were treated like queens by the friendly staff in this most comfortable hotel. Each morning we were greeted by smiles and everyone was so eager to help us on our way and then welcome us back each evening. The location of the hotel at Times Square could not have been more perfect. Thank you all and we will certainly recommend you to our friends. There should be a six star rating for inns like yours.Marelyn Ballany, Winnipeg, Canada  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chrisede
<Content>Really Great hotel, but...       Time Square  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Leblebe
<Content>Our Favorite This was our second stay at Casablanca and it was as enjoyable as our first stay. We stayed 4 nights. This hotel goes out of its way to be accommodating, with staff that are just downright helpful and friendly, and seem as happy to be at the hotel as we are. We especially enjoy Rick's Cafe on the second floor that is available to guests 24 hours a day for reading, a refreshing snack, or to catch up with your email. Every morning a delicious breakfast is available and every evening wine and cheese and crackers are served to guests in Rick's Cafe, as well. The rooms are beautifully clean, and although on the small side (for someone from the Midwest), they are well-designed and comfortable, especially the beds. We love the Casablanca Hotel! My only disappointment this trip was that when we wanted to extend our stay one night, we couldn't because they were full.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EricandKay
<Content>Peaceful but convenient The Casablanca is a peaceful haven away from the hustle and bustle of Times Square (Brits - think Oxford Street x 5).It is small with friendly staff and none of the excesses of the large Manhatten hotels. The rooms are bit on the small side but the beds were extremely comfortable, the shower worked, the continental style buffet and other complimentary offerings during the evening were very good.Couldn't fault it - would definitely return if in New York.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Mowys
<Content>Fabulous Hotel My husband and I stayed at the Casablanca for 3 nights at the beginning of August. We were in New York for a wedding. This was the perfect base.It was just what we wanted. Comfy bed, good bathroom, plenty of storage in the bedroom. Handy situation just off Times Square with Subway round the corner.Staff could not have been more helpful. Recommending restaurants and booking cars for the airport.Breakfast was excellent and the wine and cheese in the evening a lovely touch.Will definitely be back.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AGB4
<Content>Great find! Stayed at the Casablanca for four nights on our first ever trip to New York. Whilst we probably had the smallest room we have ever stayed in it did not detract in any way from our enjoyment of this hotel. Rick's cafe was a tranquil oasis away from the bustle of Times Square and the evening cheese and wine was a lovely touch. Breakfast was good, it saved the hassle of finding somewhere to eat and provided a relaxing start to long sightseeing days! We would definitely return to this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sophieontour
<Content>best holiday ever we stayed in the casablanca for 5 nights at the start of august and had a fantastic stay - the hotel is so neare to everything, 5th avenue, times square and the bus to the outlets! thought the breakfast was great with lots of choice and a relaxing start to the day. and the drinks reception was fab too - staff really nice and plesant. we stayed on the 5th floor and our room was great, really big with huge bed and equally spacious bathroom. Just to note, we did book a superiour room so maybe th estrandard rooms are a lot smaller. - yes there was some noise from the street below in the early morning but we kept the window closed - it is new york after all and i don't think the hotel can be blamed for things like bin collection and police sirens. we actually got engaged while we were there and told the concierege on the night it happened as we were going out for dinner and he immediatly sent up a complimentary bottle of champage to our room. this was on top of the other complimentary bottle we got as it was a special birthday holiday for me in the first place. was a lovely, intimate, boutique hotel with a warm welcome and great service. so on top of my engagement surprise it really was the best holiday ever!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PJsDubai
<Content>Charming This hotel is just what we needed after a busy noisy day sightseeing. The location is ideal if you are wanting to be in the hub of the theartre district.The staff are wonderful.Our room was a good size and the bathroom was excellent. The only complaint was how noisy the aircon unit was and we did have to turn it off to get a good night sleep.The inclusion of breakfast and wine and cheese in the evening was an excellent way to start a busy morning or evening.This hotel was a charming find.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Corb2000
<Content>Well recommended oasis just off Times Square Very impressed with this hotel. Great location just a few steps from Times Square while being a complete oasis of calm inside. We had a deluxe queen room which was perfectly adequate for two with a large bathroom and walk in closet. No view as the room was facing an inside courtyard but this was fine with us as it kept the room quiet, (or as quiet as a room can be with the standard US window mounted airconditioner!).The hotel is tastefully and thoughtfully furnished with lots of interesting touches following the adopted theme. Very much a privately run quality individual hotel rather than the corporate style.All of the staff were friendly and efficient, the quality of the interior furnishings and catering was excellent. We really appreciated the wine and cheese receptions as a break between daytime sightseeing and going back out in the evening.Breakfasts were equally enjoyable with a good choice of cereals, fresh fruit, pastries and hot drinks. Refreshments were available all day and these were complimentary which was a nice touch.Thoroughly recommended.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LaurieMichigan
<Content>Great place to stay We had no complaints at all about this property, it is super close to Times Square and the heart of the Theatre district, but very quiet and many amenitites (breakfast, snacks, wine and cheese reception, good-sized bathroom, nice toiletries) not to mention fabulous service. Jeffrey was especially helpful, if we go back to NY would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>jonesy49
<Content>loved everything!! we stayed in the casablanca september 07 had a fantastic time, granted our room was overlooked by the fire escape stairs and just above the outside terrace but 'hey' in new york who stays in their room for very long. we absolutely loved the hotel, the staff were great, location great even though it is situated only a few yards from times square, you would never have known, amazed evertime we stepped outside to see broadway etc. continental breakfast was great with a good variety, complimentary cheese and wine every evening about 4pm with a pianist on fridays this all took place in ;rick's room' on 2nd floor which was open 24 hrs so if you came back at 4am you could still help yourself to tea/coffee etc. place was kept spotless definitely going back in a year or two.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MonaLisa_8
<Content>Truly an oasis We were very impressed with the Casablanca, very clean, well organized and oh, so quiet. The staff are extremely friendly and helpful, prompt and courteous when we needed assistance. The breakfast is a very nice touch, so much better than braving the noisy street so early in the morning. Hope to someday get a chance to stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>The_Suitcase_Carrier
<Content>Too noisy Just got back from the Casablanca and I was not impressed at all. The location is just 20 yards from Time Square ( the Oxford Street of New York). Fine it you want to be in the thick of things but can be (is) very busy.The staff are welcoming, helpful and efficient. The room we had though was not up to scratch. It was one of the larger rooms with 2 x double beds, but it was located at the back of the Hotel. Therefore it was situated by the very noisy air conditioning fans from the other buildings around and about. It also suffered from no natural light at all. I would suspect that most of the rooms to the rear of the hotel also suffered the same problems. The only way we could get to sleep was to shut off our own air conditioning and close all the windows. \we had to rely on the ceiling fan to provide any cooling at all.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	3	4	4	3	

<Author>HuddersfieldKazbo
<Content>hotel hideaway This was my first trip to New York and we enjoyed our stay at the Casablanca, although some aspects of the hotel could have been better.We booked it well in advance and stayed a week, so I was a bit disappointed to find that our room was quite small and dark. It overlooked the internal stairwell which had the 'smoking area' of the breakfast room in it and a smoky smell often entered our room through the air-con unit. On arrival, we found the carpet disconcertingly damp - perhaps it had been shampooed after the departure of some earlier messy occupants? The bathroom had a fabulous spacious shower and lovely toiletries.I liked the Morrocan themed decor running throughout the hotel and the communal areas and room were both very clean.The breakfast room was a pleasant place to be, very calm after the hustle and bustle of Manhattan. Early evening wine and cheese sessions were most enjoyable! At peak breakfast times, the room could be rather overcrowded and some of the low cane furniture was not ideal for eating breakfast, especially for those travelling with children.The hotel is in a superb location, we walked most places. The subway is handy too.The staff were brilliant. Very friendly and welcoming (just what you need after a horrendous time getting through immigration at the airport) and extremely helpful recommending places to visit, restaurants to eat at and other local information  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>UFrenk
<Content>Great stay at great hotel It was a great relief for us everyday after we been walking up and down on the streets of NY to come back to this nice hotel. Located right at the center of everything and still so quiet when you get inside. Nice rooms, friendly staff and the complementary wine and cheesebuf茅t between 5 and 8 pm made our stay perfect.The swedish couple in room 608  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>clivejbaker
<Content>A great Hotel We stayed three nights at the Casablanca. We really researched a lot of hotels before choosing this one and we were not disappointed. Its location just off Times Square puts you right in the centre of Manhattan perfectly placed for sightseeing and yet once inside the hotel it is quiet and very comfortable.We requested a quiet room and they obliged us. Our room on the 5th floor was at the back of the Hotel so no view but we were grateful as it was so quiet at night. The room was a reasonable size with a comfortable Queen bed.The Hotel staff are very friendly and helpful, The continental breakfast included in the price is very good and a very nice touch is the free cheese, wine, coffee etc from 5.00 pm to 7.00 pm.The interior is Moroccan style and very clean and well deocrated and we would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New York.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Badger_Run
<Content>Thanks Casablanca Casablanca is a really nice hotel and much better than most that New York has to offer.The staff were really excellent and sincere in their efforts to make our stay as good as it could be.A special mention to the concierge who got us an evening table at Gramercy Tavern at very short notice. Thanks again.The room suffered slightly from noise from adjacent rooftop air con units but was otherwise a good size (for New York). Location is great if you are after Times Square but there are plenty of other sites in easy walking distance and the subway gives you easy access to the rest of the city.Basically this place represents better value than most places in New York and the staff are top rate.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	-1	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>fitbloke
<Content>Good Compromise I would echo all the positives about this hotel, and would probably stay here again IF the price is OK. I paid $1250 for 4 nights in July and given the Location I was happy with That.Rooms are small, I can only compare to Hilton Garden Inn a couple of blocks away, which had much bigger rooms and beds, where I stayed first time I visited, but this year the price was too high and I went for this place.I used The limo service back to Newark, which was great and cost $102 including tips and tolls and suited us for a hassel free last day.Breakfast nice as is free wine, noticed some guests seemed to 'over use', this service, seems they saw it as a money saving excercise rather than go out and eat which is a shame.I think the hotel is best suited to couples, and the staff were all very friendly. My only concern was the lack of visible security, no one asked to seee any ID when we came in at night, which they certainly did at the Hilton last year before you were allowed on the elevator.I  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>chic121
<Content>Terrific experience!! Excellent experience. Great location, close to everything. Staff and hotel extremely accommodating. Clean rooms, nice ammenities, Can't wait to return!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brigad00n
<Content>Just Perfect Just back from a one week stay, booked the Casablanca for our first New York trip based on Tripadvisor reviews. We could not have made a better choice. If your looking for a friendly, clean hotel in the perfect location you can't see past the Casablanca. One of the reasons we booked this hotel was because of the location, we prefer walking to using the subway, and you can walk to everywhere from here, we even walked to the Staten Island Ferry. As everyone has already mentioned Rick's Cafe is a great place to meet people and the breakfast is perfect for setting you up for the day. We always used the complimentary cheese, wine , coffee etc. either after a day out or before going out for the evening. The staff are just perfect. We were offered a quiet room at the back of the hotel and had no noise problems at all considering our close proximity to Times Square (50 metres).When we go back to New York we'll definitely use the Casablanca Hotel.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravellerUK16
<Content>Great Hotel...stay there! Having read the reviews of this hotel on Trip Advisor, we booked a stay for a first trip to New York. Fantastic location just off Time Square. Reception couldnt have been more helpful...special thanks to Michael for introducing us to the New York Mets!!Complementary WIne and Cheese is served each evening from 5 to 8 which was most welcome after a heavy day shopping on 5th Avenue. Our room was quite basic although very clean, but hey, how much time do you spend sitting in your room staring at the walls.Highly recommended  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>JSBNOLA
<Content>Great staff and location       The front door  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>gilbert517
<Content>Casablanca lived up to its tripadvisor recommendations My husband, daughter, and I spent 5 nights at the Casablanca and it was a wonderful experience from start to finish. Everyone from the bellman and the front desk, to the housekeepers were polite, friendly, and helpful. The beds were comfortable and the room was tastefully decorated and spotless. As everyone has said the Casablanca is close to all Time's Square attractions yet when you are in your room, you could be out in the country it is so quiet! The breakfast and afternoon/evening wine and cheese were delightful. Most of all we want to thank everyone at the front desk for helping us when our daughter became quite ill. They got us a doctor, a cab to the hospital, and made sure she was comfortable when she was released. Lastly the front desk arranged for a car service to take us over to Cape Liberty and pick us up upon our return from the cruise and take us to the airport. We highly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting first class service! Thanks Casablanca we will return!!!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kmccolli
<Content>Yet another very satisfied guest of the Casablanca Hotel There is probably nothing new I can offer - the other reviews of this hotel already do a great job of summarizing what a wonderful hotel the Casablanca is. We stayed for 4 nights (Sat - Wed). We had booked a double room and did find that the bed was a bit small for us (we are used to sleeping on a king at home), but the room (and bathroom) itself were very nice. On a special note, the shower was fantastic - spacious and great water pressure. The hotel is very clean and quiet. It is literally a few steps to Time Square, and yet we did not hear any noise at night. As many other reviews have noted, the breakfast and wine/cheese cocktail are a special detail at the Casablanca. You can also get coffee, cappuccino, espresso, tea, etc all day. The location is great because you can easily walk to several subway lines. I would not hesitate to recommend the Casablanca and hope to stay here again myself.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Loola30
<Content>Hmmmm..... Well, the positives. It has a fantastic location - you are right in the heart of Manhattan, just next to Times Square, yet on a side road so a little out of the hustle and bustle. The reception clerks were very friendly and helpful whenever we needed anything from them and the information they gave was always accurate. The breakfast in Rick's cafe is also superb. It is a really nice touch to have a big lounge with free papers and internet access where you can get coffee and cookies.However, you really feel the need for the lounge as I think the rooms are so unimpressive. We had a deluxe room and I really didn't understand how the standard rooms could be lower quality. The furnishings are nice and the rooms are clean but they are soooo tiny. Once you had 2 suitcases in there you were literally climbing over things to get around the bed! Same with the bathroom too - it was a bit ridiculous really. Our tiny windown overlooked a fire escape so we had to have the air conditioning on but it was just so loud and clicked on and off every few minutes - which woke me up quite a bit.Overall I think it is a nice 3 star hotel but if I went back I think I'd be inclined to stay somewhere fancier with bigger rooms.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	5	4	5	

<Author>Carmel27
<Content>Fantastic hotel This is a really lovely hotel. The staff are friendly and keen to help. The rooms are small but well furnished and clean. There is an ironing board which is always handy when you're travelling. The breakfast was good and we really enjoyed the wine and cheese in the evening when we arrived back exhaused from sighseeing. It's also in a very good location as it's in Times Square. There's also some nice Irish pubs a few streets away (45th I think) and plenty of restaurants. Would definitely return to this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>petermc01
<Content>Lovely oasis Had a lovely two night stay at the Casablanca hotel in June, couldn't believe how close we were to Times Square. Staff were very helpful and supplied fridge to our room to store my medicine without charge.Room was small but as they say who stays in their room in New York. Breakfast in hotel was a bonus and saved time.Restuarants close by as you would expect and all main theatres within 5 minutes walk.Without doubt we would stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Anrmd
<Content>Solid My wife, 11yo daughter, and I just completed a 5 night stay at the Casablanca. I am not going to gush and say greatest ever or can't wait to return but felt the hotel definitely met our needs. It is clean, quiet (we were in room 309, a Jr. Suite at the back side of the hotel), and comfortable. Please note other reviewer's comments re noise at the front of the hotel. Housekeeping was excellent- room always looked great when we returned daily. Please see other reviews re Rick's- it was a nice extra. There is a free computer with internet in Rick's but I was able to use my laptop via a wireless network named Casablanca. Pros: Location was convenient and close to major subway stop (NY Port Authority/ Times Square). You can walk easily to the harbor cruises, Rock. Ctr, Empire St. Bldg, Central Park, etc. Times Sq (you're right there) is VERY touristy and crowded but the hotel is just off the major crush of people and is like an oasis of calm. Room was not large but efficiently designed. Bathroom clean, excellent water pressure in shower, AC worked well but fan stays on continuously. Overhead room fans were also nice. Room had a safe lager enough to hold our small MacBook laptop (amazingly, when I called the hotel the person told me their safe's were too small to hold a laptop). Towels were adequate and were changed twice daily.  Cons: front desk folks were polite and pleasant but I did not find the restaurant suggestions to be that great. They seem to quickly suggest the place next door (Tony's) when there are tons of better places within easy walking distance. I asked for a suggestion for a special place to take my wife for our anniv. and never got an answer. I was told they would send up a bottle of Champagne (which never arrived). I would HIGHLY recommend buying a Zagat restaurant guide (a small paperback book). It was spot-on in it's reviews and even categorized restaraunts by location (eg, W 40's), cuisine, view, special occaision, etc. I felt that the front desk staff had basic knowledge and were decent with directions but they really aren't (by training or professsion) a real concierge.  Also, bathroom lacked counter space although they had a small set of drawers to put things in. Neutral: Room furnishings and beds, and linens were decent. One flat screen TV and one reg TV in the suite. Variety of food, wine, cheese, drinks at Rick's was limited (NOT a great variety as described by others) and got old quickly for me. Nevertheless, it WAS nice to have the option of having it. Free newspapers to read as well was a nice touch. OK, if you've read this far: Hotel has a very high percentage of European travelers. Likely word of mouth and strong Euro and Pound. No one was unpleasant but our experience was that interaction/ conversation was very limited (some reasonably based on language differences). Others seemed indifferent, shy, aloof, I don't know. I enjoy talking to other guests and this hotel was not positive for us in that regard. Take it for what it's worth. It was my disappointment and not an indictment of all European travelers. Overall, the hotel met our needs but it is unlikely that I would stay again based on the huge variety of lodgings available in NY.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>smbrig27
<Content>Casablanca is great, especially with young kids! Our family enjoyed four wonderful days and nights at the Casablanca. First, you can't beat the central location. The hotel is small and quaint. Since it has less then 50 rooms the staff gets to know you and is willing to assist in any way possible. We traveled with our two boys aged 10 and 7. The Casablanca met our families needs in so many ways. A delightful continental breakfast every moning not only answered where to eat, but also provided at least one nutritious meal for the day with cereal, milk, fresh fruit and yogurt. We could stop in any time throughout the day and get water, tea, coffee and cookies for the boys. In the evening my husband and I really enjoyed the wine and cheese reception. We got to visit with other guests and compare travel tips. When we left the staff even packed a big cup of cookies for each boy for the train ride. We were treat like family by the entire staff and can't wait to go back to our NYC home!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>OBwan49
<Content>Found the top reviews of this hotel to be on the mark The hotel was all we expected from the TripAdvisor reviews - a quiet place close to the madness of Times Square. The cafe, Rick's, provides a relaxed, homey feel, and the free wine and cheese reception in the evenings (except Sunday) is a great way to unwind after a day of sightseeing. The staff is outstanding, and made us genuinely feel like guests in their home.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>MiaKay
<Content>Excellent as always It's difficult to add to the wonderful reviews already posted about the Casablanca. I can only say Me,too to the ratings of people who enjoyed their stays. I do want to compliment the concierge who searched doggedly for a restaurant whose name and location we could only partially remember.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sulin454
<Content>Play it again? Oh yes please.... Fabulous location, just off Broadway.The Hotel is very nicely furnished, very clean, and a quiet haven away from the hustle and bustle of the busiest street in the world. The complementary breakfast was enough to start the day and the cheese and wine evenings were a really nice touch. The staff were excellent and very helpfull with any queries you might have. The temperature was in the 30 degrees region, and so the ceiling fans in the bedrooms plus the self controlled air conditioning was wonderfull. Definately would return.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>smurfy22
<Content>Perfect Boutique Hotel       Breakfast Bar  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Blazerj369
<Content>great hotel Stayed here June 14 and 15th.The Casablanca was a great little hotel in the middle of times square.The staff was great and answered all questions.Ricks cafe was a great place to unwind or start your day.The only drawback for us was we had a room at the front of the hotel and the street noise kept us up both nights we were there.Would probabaly return if room away from the front street were available.JJ  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>euro79
<Content>Excellent location - Ricks cafe is a brilliant bonus! Exellent central location - right near times square! Walking distance to 5th Avenue - and Subway to downtown....Chaps at the front desk couldn't be more helpful - and Ricks cafe includes breakfast and drinks and nibbles is just a brilliant place to hang outside of your room.....free internet also in Ricks cafe.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Squiz
<Content>Wonderful small hotel in a big noisy city       Looking down Broadway from the corner near the Casablanca  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>billie
<Content>It couldn't get much better Stayed here for 3 nights end of May and couldn't have made a better choice. Lovely well kept rooms,reception staff excellent when helping you ie subways, diections etc.Great breakfasts, 24 hour refreshments and the complimentary wine 5 - 8 pm is a winner. When we return to NY we'll stay here.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bluespyder41
<Content>A gentle oasis in a sea of chaos After reviewing many hotels in NYC for a recent girlfriends vacation without the hubbies, we settled upon the Casablanca mostly due to the reviews on this web site. We were torn between this property and the Holiday Inn Express in Midtown Manhattan. The deal breaker was the afternoon 5-8 p.m. wine  cheese reception each day.I can tell you that we made and EXCELLENT choice. The hotel room was not huge - we had a King-size bed that my girlfriend and I shared so we could have our space and not feel crowded. The room had standard hotel amenities. We had a burned out lightbulb in one of the nightstand lights and it was promptly changed out when we called the front desk (fixed within 10 minutes of the call). The bathroom wasn't huge but it was comfortable and the pics on the Casablanca's web site are relatively accurate depiction of the room and bath we shared during our 5 day stay.Despite the fact that the hotel is only 1/3 of a block off Times Square on 43rd Street, you'd never know Times Square was even in the vicinity once walking in the front door. The lobby is small just as the pics on the hotel's web site shows. The room we had was pleasantly appointed - similar to most Marriotts or Hiltons I've stayed at on business.What set this hotel apart and will get me coming back to it (or one of the HK properties) is the continental breakfast AND the wine  cheese reception. The continental breakfast foods were tasty and high quality and fresh. The hotel also had a fancy coffee maker that would make a lovely cappuccino or latte if that was your fancy. The wine  cheese reception was just lovely. Quality cheese and lovely crackers were quite nice. And the two wines - a red and a white - from the Cantalupi vineyards in Italy were quite pleasant. We had expected to find ourselves eating our way through NYC and we actually found that between the walking we did (lots and lots of it) and eating a late continental breakfast and a late lunch, that all we had room for at the end of the day was the lovely wine  cheese reception. The hotel staff was courteous and very helpful. One of the gentlemen at the door, of Albanian descent, was especially helpful to us. I hope some day he chooses to have kids as he'd be a great father.The Casablanca made our stay in NYC just a wonderful experience. Whilst we spent much of our day out and about in the city, the Casablanca was our refuge at the end of the day, a gentle, quiet, relaxing place in a busy city.The hotel exceeded our expectations and we'd gladly stay again at this wonderful abode.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SaraEOakland
<Content>Value and service near Times Square The Casablanca Hotel is indeed a gem near Times Square - well-trained, courteous staff met us at our cab, checked us in early, and saw us to one of the small doubles (with an entry hall, bedroom and bath, all well-equipped). We paid $269 and this included a good continental breakfast (cereals, pastries, fresh fruit, juice), an excellent coffee machine which produced cappucinos, lattes, espressos (caf and decaf) 24/7, a 5-8pm reception in the same spacious cafe (even three outdoor tables in the courtyard) with wine, cheese and crackers; a computer was also available in this room as were several copies of daily newspapers. A friend came to see us one evening at the hotel and he too was welcomed to the wine and cheese reception.An excellent experience!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Anonymous100
<Content>Perfect We stayed here for 6 nights and thought it the perfect base for exploring New York. Located right next to Times Square it is well placed for the point at which many subway lines intersect, and several other sights are within walking distance (e.g. Rockefeller Centre, Empire State Building, Trump Tower, departure pier for Circle Line cruises). The CitySights and Grayline bus tours also begin from here, which makes it good for getting a seat!All the staff were always very friendly and helpful, and Rick's cafe was lovely. The breakfast, drinks and snacks were of a high quality, even though they were free (the orange juice was freshly-squeezed). It was great to be able to get tea, coffee and iced-tea throughout the day, and the computer with free internet access and printer was very useful.After reading reviews we expected the room to be tiny but it was perfectly adequate in size......maybe small by American standards, but to us (English) it was fine! The bathroom was also an adequate size and was immaculately clean. Even the grouting around the shower was spotless, which I think indicates meticulous cleaning standards. The room was similarly spotless and the sheets and bed covers were even changed in the middle of our stay. There was free mineral water in the room on arrival, and once again a few days later. The bed was very comfortable and clean. The TV was large and there is a good selection of DVDs which you can borrow from the reception.For the price, the location, the excellent rooms and the friendly service, we felt this was an exceptional hotel and wouldn't dream of staying anywhere else if we return to New York. However, it may be useful for other travellers to be aware of the following:- even though our room was not right at the front of the hotel, we still got noise from outside (mainly sirens). I think this is because of the air-conditioning unit which was situated in the window, making it impossible to sound-proof. - the air-conditioning unit itself, whilst very efficient, made a noise like a small jet engine! It was impossible to sleep with it on, but the room became unbearably stuffy without it. There was a ceiling fan, but this was rather ineffectual, and also intermittently made clicking sounds on the maximum setting......again, making it difficult to sleep!- if you have inconsiderate fellow guests who make a noise in the corridors late at night, you will be disturbed as sound travels easily into the rooms. This fortunately was only a problem for the first night of our stay.- the rooms all have minibars, but unfortunately they operate by sensing the removal of any bottles and automatically adding it to your bill. We still removed things to put in our own drinks, but had to have everything taken off the bill when we left. They had no problem with this, but be aware it will lengthen the check-out process.- the only disappointment with regard to the advice we had from the staff was that when we left one of them tried to convince us to hire a car service to take us to the airport rather than have a taxi. This would have cost $88 instead of $50, and his reason was that the car would be more likely to get us there on time. I could not see how a car would have fewer problems with traffic than would a taxi, and taxis passed the door to the hotel all the time so getting one is unlikely to be a problem. To be fair, when we rejected the idea he did a great job of hailing a taxi for us, which actually got us there in good time despite heavy traffic.- some people have recommended the Brooklyn diner next door, however we did not particularly enjoy our meal there. It was a bizarre combination of pasta in a vanilla and cinnamon custard with beef casserole (in one dish), and the portions were less generous than other places. - Tony's (the Italian next door) was generally good and had a lovely atmosphere. However, avoid the spaghetti with meatballs, the meatballs were not good! We couldn't eat ours and noticed other diners also leaving them.- the staff recommended another Italian restaurant (I think it was called Tramonti) which was within walking distance and was excellent. The lasagne was superb!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>pimlicoLondon
<Content>Oasis near Times Square ! an excellent hotel although our bedroom was a bit on the small side but the bed was very comfortable. It would have been even better if there was a bar there, although the cheese and wine each evening helped to make up for that disappointment - it made for a very relaxing start to each evening. All of the staff were extremely helpful and friendly. The whole hotel was very clean. I was expecting some form of hot breakfast as opposed to entirely continental but apart from that we did enjoy the breakfasts and the hot chocolate or coffees late at night when we returned ! We would defintely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Traveller18031961
<Content>Awesome hotel! My wife and I stayed at the Casablanca from May 18 to May 24. We had an awesome stay. The staff was friendly and professional and went out of their ways to make our stay a pleasant one. This being our first time in NYC, we had to rely a lot on their suggestions and knowledge of the city and they never steered us wrong. The location of the hotel is great since we were virtually 30 seconds from the heart of Times Square. I was a bit worried about the noise before booking but I found, once there, that our room was nice and quiet.We loved the Rick's Cafe on the second floor. It was expertly staffed, the breakfast selection was good and the coffee was excellent. However, the friendly atmosphere fostered by the decor really took the cake. The seating arrangement promoted conversation amongst the various guest and this made for a very warm and friendly atmosphere. We don't drink so we did not take advantage of the complimentary wine in the early evening but we were told by other guests that it was in keeping with the Casablanca standards, which are first class all the way.The only downside was that we got a queen instead of a king size bed. However, they never promised a king. We were told at the time of booking that it would depend on availability.All in all, the Casablanca will be our hotel of choice for future stays in New York and I recommend it to all.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelbug151
<Content>Perfect! We have just got back from a long weekend in New York and we found the Casablanca to be a perfect base for our stay. The location is ideal, just off Times Square near the subway, yet we couldn't hear any noise in our room at all. Our room was near the back of the hotel and was quite large. It was very clean and comfortable with nice amenities such as bath robes, ice bucket and wine glasses and a city guide.The hotel staff were very friendly and went out of their way to help. The breakfast was varied and the wine and cheese and free flowing coffee and tea a nice touch.The Brooklyn diner next door was also very good and worth a visit.Would definitely go back again and would recommend without hesitation!  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ozzy_Oz
<Content>Tranquility in New York This hotel is in a superb location just off Times Square and provides excellent service with breakfast, all day refreshments and evening cheese and wine. It is a nice small hotel and very clean but some rooms can be noisy, not from the street but the lift and adjoining property air condittioning fans but do not be put off as the extremely helpful staff will do all they possibly can to resolve any problems. I do not think you could do better than this hotel for a stay in the big apple, for the price.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BrightEyes50
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful What a wonderful serene oasis in a city of millions. We were steps away from Times Square and yet when entering the hotel the peacefulness was eveloping. The lounge was a wonderful treat each morning and afternoon. Wonderful to be treated so well, to meet other travellers and business people and share their experiences.Loved it!  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Swedish_Blacksmith
<Content>Great hotel! Perfect location just a few yards from Times Square. The hotel is small, cosy and provides very friendly service. The complimentary breakfast and evening wine  cheese buffet adds that little extra touch. The interior design and style gives it a family-like atmosphere, and me and my wife had a very pleasant stay. The only drawback would be that you are close to street level, and as New York is very noisy both day and night I would recommend to bring earplugs for improved sleep. Other than that, which really is not due to the hotel as such, we loved it and would both recommend it and stay there next time ourselves as well.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tmpest
<Content>Casablanca is small hotel with big heart! The hotel was absolutely beautiful - very warm and welcoming. Our room and adjoining bathroom were immaculately clean. The hotel staff provided impeccable service and were all extremely friendly and helpful. Stepping into the Casablanca Hotel was like stepping into a haven of warmth and comfort right in the midst of Times Square!  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SuzieQ37
<Content>Fantastic Hotel       So near times square  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HarmonyLosGatosCA
<Content>Casablanca gets an A+ My husband and I spent 4 nights at the Casablanca based on the reviews here and we were very pleased. Loved the quiet and calm atmosphere. The staff was very friendly and attentive and John got us great seats for the Lion King. We really liked the fact that the breakfast and the happy hour were included and delicious. We will definitely be back!  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>chris_me
<Content>Has it all! Great room, great staff, great location! Had read the rooms were small. Mine was great. We had two beds and the room was plenty big. Noticed the grout on the tile in the beautiful bathroom was snow white; that told a lot. In the lounge, the staff couldn't have been nicer and there was a great selection each morning that we didn't eat breakfast out once. The location was perfect. You could walk everywhere. It was a great experience and by the way, the people of New York are very kind and friendly. I'm from Texas and that was not what I expected. My first time in N.Y. and it was one of the best times I had.Chris from TX  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>S.S.S.M.L.A
<Content>Great hotel I booked this hotel purely on the reviews I read on Tripadvisor and was not disappointed. I have been to New York twice before and stayed in bigger hotels which were very impersonal and busy. Casablanca is a little gem in the heart of The Big Apple. My daughter and I stayed here for 4 nights, everything was as described by previous customers. Breakfast was the same every morning but so fresh and tasty. The wine and cheese is very welcome after a long day in the City, the bubbly was very good. Rooms very clean, and the best shower I have ever had in a hotel. The location was excellent, you can't get any nearer to Times Square. I would recommend Tony's for pasta and Spanky's (2 doors along) for the best ribs ever. Only one down-side, we booked the hotel on-line and when we arrived they had no record of our booking. Luckily we had printed our confirmation and after a few minutes of Michael changing a few things around was given an upgraded room. Might be an idea just to e-mail a couple of weeks before yougoto confirm booking.Will certainly stay here again though, very relaxing after all the hustle and bustle.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rlutton
<Content>A most splendid time We arrived in New York, having travelled from Sydney to New York, by Q.V. and QM2. When at the Terminal, the booked SUV, was ready for us. When at the Hotel, our luggage of 7 ports was taken to our room. Whilst in New York, from Monday 28th April until Saturday, 3rd May, every courtesy and attention to our exigencies was given most graciously. When leaving on Saturday, our sought taxi was available and our ports assembled within the taxi. Enjoyed the constant breakfast and internet access. Damned good cup of tea.We recommend most highly, The Casablanca Hote and this has been communicated to our professional colleagues.We shall be staying at The Casablanca in October of this year.Robert and Carmel LuttonSHORTLAND - New South WalesAUSTRALIA.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>779
<Content>Home from Home Have just returned from New York after 7 day stay at this Hotel. You would'nt expect to find this little gem so close to Times Square. Albeit the bed being rather small by American standards the room was an adequate size and spotless. Nice size bathroom and large walk in shower. Towels and bedding were also top quality. Ricks cafe, an excellent place where you could go any time of the day, meet other people, exchange information and generally have an hour or two winding down with a glass of wine or a coffee. Breakfast was ample and the staff were all very helpful and friendly. Would recommend this to friends without hesitation. Only downside room a bit too warm and if your use to a King Size bed at home - upgrade! Overall excellent stay  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TheMarsdens
<Content>Everything we expected and more ! Stayed with my wife for six nights, our first time in New York. We had read hundreds of reviews befoe we booked and most were very positive, so our expectations were high !We were not dissapointed by any aspect, Location couldn't be better 15 paces from Times Square and forty paces from the subway.Our room was spotlessly clean and the maid cleaned it every day. Rick's Cafe was a great place to relax for an hour after long days on your feet. We took the wine and cheese for an hour around 6pm before getting ready to go out for the evening. Good for swapping tips with other guests on what to see and where to go.The staff were always polite and helpful. I would recommend this hotel to every-one. If we go back I wouldnt stay anywhere else.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Cozz
<Content>Extremely impressed.       Room 306, packing to leave so messy!  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WedInLasVegas
<Content>Fantastic Casablanca Our first trip to New York. The Casablanca is a perfectly located boutique hotel just seconds from Time Square. Friendly helpful staff, comfortable clean rooms, the relaxed atmosphere and complimentary early evening cheese and wine was exactly what the doctor ordered after a busy day in The Big Apple. When we return to New York, and we will, The Casablanca will be our choice of hotel. Thanks for everything. Rob  Carol, England.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dabney2126
<Content>Luxury with a Bit of Noise We stayed at the Casablanca for one night. Friends of ours were visiting and had made all the arrangements. We found the hotel very clean, the room was lovely and the staff was extremely friendly. The only issue was the noise. Granted in NYC you are going to get noise particularly with the proximity to Times Square. It was not inexpensive, so I would just warn out of town guests that it is smack dab in the theatre district and you will hear sirens all night long. Bring ear plugs!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NeilVegasFan
<Content>Great stay at the Casablanca My wife and I stayed for 7 nights at the Casablanca Hotel, 10-17 April and were very pleased with practically all aspects of our stay. The staff were polite and helpful, the room was very clean and the complimentary breakfast / evening cheese  wine spreads were a welcome extra.The location really cannot be beaten and the room was surprisingly quiet for being just a dozen steps from Times Square. Everything is quite literally on your doorstep, restaurants, bars, chemist, subway entrance etc.The Heartland Brewery which is next door, was a good place to unwind after a tiring day's sightseeing, with an evening drink or two.Our only quibbles, and they are very minor ones, is that the room was slightly too warm for our liking (air con up full but room still warm) and there was no space in the minibar fridge for our own drinks etc.Would easily stay here again and would recommend to friends.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>chiurw
<Content>Great Location The Casablanca was in a great location...very close to Central Park, the theaters and great restaurants, yet secluded enough from the crowds of tourists and traffic. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The room was very clean.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ch3wi3
<Content>Simply Perfect I have stayed in New York City a few times and have had some awful hotel experiences. I tried tripadvisor and read all the reviews about Hotel Casablanca. I saw some very positive ones and a few negatives. I was a bit skeptical but gave it a go. I could not have been more pleased with our hotel choice. When they say it is close to Times Square how about 50m! yes its that close. And there was no worries about the noise very quiet.The hotel staff are very friendly. The rooms very attractive, just enough of what you want, quite spacious for NYC and this price.What I loved was the room upstairs with free breakfast and afternoon drinks. It was so comforting to come home after a long day touristing and then relax have a drink, read the paper watch tv etc.I will DEFINITELY be staying at the Hotel Casablanca again, I cant recommend it strongly enough.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>DR40
<Content>Wonderful hotel, wonderful location...... My husband and I have just returned from a wonderful week long stay at the Casablanca. This hotel is fantastic. From the minute we arrived we felt relaxed and comfortable. We had a queen room on the 5th Floor which was a good size with a lovely bathroom, definitely more than enough room for 2 people. Despite being in Times Square we never had any issues with noise. This hotel really is an oasis of calm!Ricks Lounge on the 2nd Floor is lovely. Internet access is available, free of charge. Breaksfast is served here and this was very good - choice of cereals, fresh pastries, yogurts, fruit, tea, coffee, juices etc. Hot and cold drinks and snacks available 24/7. The wine and cheese each evening between 5-8pm was a great touch and an excellent way to start the evening.All of the staff were great, very friendly and always happy to help. This hotel is a great base for exploring New York and when we return we will defintely stay at the Casablanca again.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KatieLincolnshie
<Content>Loved Have just returned from a 5 night stay. Chose the hotel from reviews on this site. The Hotel is exactly as described on it's own web page. What a gem! Step off the chaotic streets of Times Square in to a peacefull oasis. The rooms were spotless and comfortable, breakfasts were great, wine and cheese after a busy day-perfect !Would also recommend Tony,s restaurant next door. Excellent food- especially if in a large group, and very friendly staff. We had lovely weather which was a bonus. On a nice day go to the Boat House in central park- we had a picnic lunch from there- it was cheap and the surroundings are lovely, Also book onto a city tour bus- this was a great way of getting around and also informative- we were on the blue- city sights tour. and payed $75 for a 4 day bus pass which included Liberty ferry and Ellis Island, Empire State, Harbour cruise, also a musuem pass and discount tickets. Geat value. Take comfortable trainers- you will need them !VERY ENJOYABLE TRIP !!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jonwah
<Content>Great Stay Had a great stay.The hotel is very comfortable, the room was surprisingly large for a major city. Everything was very clean and the staff were very friendly.The location is just off Times Square, but is not overly busy and is very convenient for getting around.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lilywhite107
<Content>A little gem!       late night coffee  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sanctuary77
<Content>Excellent stay at Casablanca Casablanca is the perfect location for those who wish a central location and like to walk to get around. Everything was closeby including an off Broadway play. Restaurants in the immediate area were great. The staff at Rick's Cafe and at the front desk were very helpful and extremely enjoyable to spend a few minutes chatting with. We requested a quiet room and enjoyed a restful sleep every night which we thought amazing because of the close proximity to Time Square.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>wbay77
<Content>Top Class Hotel We have just returned from 7 wonderful days in New York City and the whole trip was only enhanced by the superb Casablanca Hotel. The service from all the staff was excellent. The room we had was very large by NYC standards and the hotel was ideally located. It was a real oasis from the hustle and bustle of Time Square which is just around the corner. The buffet style breakfast was very good and the wine and cheese from 5pm until 8pm was a great way to start each evening. We cannot wait to return to New York and we would definitely use this hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IgnacioK
<Content>Cozy, Quiet, Warm. Great hotel. We stayed at the Casablanca during a 4 day stay in NYC during our honeymoon. We decided on staying there based on overwhelmingly positive reviews here in TripAdvisor, and I couldn't agree more with them. They even greeted us with champagne since I've noticed them about our honeymoon.Here're the pros (a lot) and cons (very few) about the Casablanca.* Pros:- Right in the middle of everything, steps away from Times Square.- Helpful and corteous staff, always happy to help.- Quiet even though in the epicenter of noise (Times Square)- Great breakfast, complimentary european style (espresso) coffee and tea, fresh fruit, cookies, et alia. Complimentary wine and cheese (try the Pinot Gris!) during the afternoon.- Warm and cozy.- Tony's right next door, will deliver to your room. Best spaguetti I've had in a long time, and huge portions.- Spotless.- Bathroom with nice amenities.* Cons:- Pricey.- Rooms on the small side (but of course that's the way hotel rooms are in Manhattan).We're looking forward to come back! Thanks Casablanca from Ignacio  Veronica from Argentina!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>very_bored_at_work
<Content>Really nice hotel in a fantastic location We visted New York two weeks ago and the Casablanca Hotel and staff were great. The hotel is centrally located, surrounded by sights, restaurants, shops and underground stations. The staff can't do enough for you. The first floor is used as a lounge type area with complimentary drinks etc at all hours. There's also a computer with internet access and printer, all free of charge. Breakfast time was sometimes a bit busy but that's no real problem as it gave us an excuse to use the diner next door!! The room wasn't huge but it was more than adequate for two adults. There was some noise at night but what do you expect from a hotel bang in the middle of Times Square?  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>sfjon4
<Content>Excellent Small European-Style Hotel We spent 5 days at The Casablanca, and were very pleased with the Hotel. It is incredibly well located, especially for going to the theater. Many subway lines are nearby as well. The room was quiet despite the close proximity to Times Square. Note that the rooms are very small, with double beds, and not all are well-configured (our TV was not opposite the bed, but on a side wall). But the rooms are well appointed and comfortable enough, and the bathrooms are particularly nice. We very much enjoyed the common room on the second floor where breakfast and late afternoon wine and cheese are served daily, and where cookies, fruit and hot drinks, etc. are available all day. The staff was very helpful and welcoming. We would certainly stay at The Casablanca on a future trip to NYC. It is an excellent deal for the price, as compared to ritzier but more corporate hotels which provide larger rooms, but none of the personal touches. We found out about the hotel on TripAdvisor.com and are happy to pass along this recommendation for others to follow suit.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>manufan51
<Content>Tranquill but in the middle of the action The Casablanca is a great little hotel right in the middle of all the action just a few yards from Times Square.Our room was at the rear and although we were so close to a busy spot you could not hear a thing at night, so we slept like babies.The breakfast is continental style and there is free tea and coffee all day long. Also of an evening 5pm til 7pm they offer free cheese and wine, which we did a couple of times and its a great start to an evening out.Every member of the desk staff could not do enough for us. I would heartily recommend this hotel, you will not be disappointed.Dave  BevManchester, UK.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SARobinson
<Content>great location ! Great little hotel right in the middle of Times Square! Things we liked.... location, friendly staff, comfy bed, clean room  bathroom, continental breakfast, free wine  cheese in the evenings, free computer  intenet access in the lounge area, powerful shower, and all other things you'd hope for  expect.Things we didn't like.... quite noisy, but if you want to be in the middle of New York then it's tough luck i suppose!? Also we were quite annoyed at the fire alarms going off in the middle of the night. (False alarms). They went off 2 nights of the 4 that we were there. The second night it went off, it lasted 30 mins!! This was at 1am! Not what we needed really. I imagine this was a very unusual occurence though.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>DannyOrko
<Content>Little Gem, Excellent hotel Stayed at the Casablanca for St. Paddy's day parade for a few nights this March. Had an ecellent stay at this hotel, could not really fault anything for time we stayed and for the price we paid. The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful especially Jeffrey who went out of his way to help us every time we need some advice. We had a standard double room and was a perfect base for our trip to New York. The size was good, it was comfy and quiet given the hotel's central location. The en-suite was clean and good. The location of the hotel is perfect for anyone visiting NYC. Times square is on the door step. When you step into the hotel of the street it is quiet, which is just what is needed. Awesome experiance would stay again no question. Recommend to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mcharlenemac
<Content>I really loved it Very good hotel with a good location  staff. Very clean close too times Square. Rooms were really noce  very comfortable. Very nice breakfast and relaxing area in lounge. Nice, modern bathrooms. nothing else expected from affordable place like this.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>vicki.m.e
<Content>Excellent location, good hotel We have just spent 4 nights at the Casablanca, there were 4 of us, 2 adults  2 teens, so we booked 2 rooms, each with 2 queen sized beds. The hotel was in a superb location for us as tourists, many of the main sites being in walking distance. The rooms were fine, the beds comfortable and everything spotless. As others have said they are a little on the small side and could do with more storage space, both in the bedroom  the bathroom, but it is manageable. Our rooms were very quiet, being positioned at the back of the hotel. It did feel like a peaceful refuge in a very busy area of the city.The 24hr availability of tea, coffee, cookies etc was a great facility. Unfortunately we never managed to be about when the wine  cheese was!The staff were OK, not always perhaps as knowledgeable about tourist sites as they could be, but were friendly enough and would look things up when asked.We would definitely use this hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>traveldiver1
<Content>Location, Location Nice hotel with a great, friendly and helpful staff. Good breakfast and relaxing lounge area. Nice, modern bathrooms. All clean and 2 doors from Times Square. Rooms in NYC can be tiny...this one is good, not huge, but very comfortable. Highly recommend Sardi's if in the theatre district for dinner! Terribly disappointed in Tavern on the Green. Food no better than so, so and service awful. Express buses from airport easy and only $15.00. Easy walk to Casablanca.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Madbenjoel
<Content>Fnatatstic....but. I have to agree with most of the other reviews on this property. The location is perfect, the staff are mostly fantastic. There are some who seem to be just doing a job but this is compensated by the others who are the best. The food and wine on level 2 is a great option and my kids loved being able to go down and snack.The suite we had was great and the option of the fold out sofa made things better for the four of us. My only negative is that the beds were too short. I am only six foot one, so not overly tall, but my feet were always hanging over the end of the bed which is uncomfortable. This is unusual and may be due to size of the rooms but for such a well thought out hotel, I thought this was a significant issue.Despite this, I would stay at Casablanca again if I was lucky enough to come to New York.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Influencer
<Content>A Lilliputian's Dream Getaway I stayed with my wife and daughter at the Casablanca Hotel in early March 2008, based exclusively on the high recommendations that had been posted by myriad TripAdvisor contributors.On a positive note, we were impressed with the common areas on the second floor, where guests can enjoy a continental breakfast, wine-and-cheese, a computer terminal with internet access, a television and other creature comforts. We were also impressed with the family-style Italian restaurant adjacent to the hotel.However, although I agree that the Casablanca Hotel offers unique lodging, the rooms are far too small for more than two occupants of average size and the volume of noise emanating from the street below is unbearable.We spent three days in a one-bedroom suite. We arrived to find the living room area too small to open the sofabed without removing the heavy coffee table from the room entirely. Once the table was removed, there was just enough room for the bed, but not an inch more. The bedroom area was nicely appointed but nearly devoid of storage space. Ultimately we piled our suitcases on top of the small armoire. Had my wife and I traveled alone, we would have placed our suitcases in the living room, which is the only place for them to go.Although the living room and bedroom each came equipped with cable television and a DVD player, the cable television reception was marginal at best and neither of the DVD players functioned at all. The front desk staff promised that these issues would be attended to for us. They were not.The front desk staff and bell staff were friendly and well-intentioned but poorly trained. We asked the bellman to get us a cab and it appeared from his expression that this was the first time anyone had ever asked him to do that.In summary, if you are traveling alone or with your significant other, the Casablanca may be right for you. It is clean and comfortable and perhaps even cozy, but you should plan on lots of noise from the street, a tiny room and marginal staff. If you are traveling with a child or a third adult, this really is not a suitable hotel for you and I recommend that you look elsewhere.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	4	2	1	

<Author>swpnc
<Content>Loved the Casablanca My girlfriends and I just got back from a three night stay at the Casablanca Hotel in New York. It was fabulous! They were so accommodating. The rooms were nice, the hotel itself was nice and clean, but the people were the best. I was told early on by the General Manager that no was not in their vocabulary and they certainly came through for us. We had an incredible time and it totally exceeded our expectations! Thanks for a blast in NYC.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fulstoneflyer
<Content>Great Location Just returned from a 4 night stay at the Casablanca Hotel in New York. We booked this hotel because of the reviews on TripAdvisor and we were not disappointed. The location is great, just of Times Square, and central for all the main attractions. We requested a quiet room at the back of the hotel and you would never believe that the noise and bustle of Times Square was on your doorstep.All the staff were extremely helpful and friendly , particularly the very nice young ladies looking after Rick's Cafe. This facility makes your stay at the Casablanca memorable!!We used the Subway to get around and would recommend any visitor to use it. Yes, it is busy at peak times, but we found it very easy to get around. We even used it , with the Airtrain, to get back to JFK at an unbelievable cost of $7 each!!!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	3	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MyrtleHorwich_Bolton
<Content>Warm and welcoming This is truly a jewel in the crown!Fabulous hotel in every way. Location, ambience, friendly staff. Just what is required for a short stay to NYC. The staff cannot do enough and the Happy Hour Cheese and Wine every evening is the icing on the cake. This hotel is full of personality, not like your impersonal large chain of hotels. Every room has bathrobes, toiletries, TV, CD player, iron and ironing with feather pillows and duvet .Albeit a little small, I would describe it as cosy.Definitely would stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cpagility
<Content>We loved it and we'll be back! We stayed at the Casablanca for 2 nights in October and we loved it. We will definitely return on our next trip to NYC.Our room was modern, spotless and very comfortable. We loved the location which is just steps from Time Square. The breakfast was very nice and we really enjoyed the wine and cheese in the evenings. They had an excellent selection of wine and different cheeses and crackers.The staff went above and beyond when we had them hold luggage for us during the day when we were going to move to another hotel (booked before we found the Casablanca). I had gone shopping at BH Photo and bought a very expensive tripod which they held with our luggage for the day. When we returned to the Casablanca at the end of the day to get our luggage and move to the other hotel they hailed a cab and helped load the luggage into the cab. Upon arrival at the other hotel I couldn't find my tripod. I was in a panic and called Casablanca. They couldn't find it there and generously offered to replace it because they were worried that they accidentally gave it to another guest. The hotel staff and management were ABSOLUTELY AMAZING with their willingness to send an employee the next day to BH and buy another tripod and have their employee meet us at Grand Central Terminal where we were meeting a Pro Photographer for a day of photography around NYC. The next morning when we ventured out of our BB there was a note from the cabbie that said Did you lose Gitzo (the brand name of the tripod) the note said it was turned into the 17th precinct. We went to the police station and got the tripod back and immediately called Casablanca to tell them not to buy another one. We were thrilled, Casablanca was thrilled (Tripod cost was $600) and our opinion of New Yorkers (Casablanca staff and management and our cab driver) was really good. It's a great story and people are surprised at the hotel and the cab driver saying that just doesn't happen in New York :-) But it did!So THANK YOU to the wonderful, caring folks at Casablanca you have a great hotel and 5 star employees and management.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AnnOttawa_Canada
<Content>Excellent boutique hotel Stayed 2 nights at the Casablanca and everything was better than our expectations. The hotel is spotless and the staff are extremely friendly - I thought New Yorkers were meant to be rude and unfriendly? Not here, at any rate. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was pretty big with bathrobes, toiletries and plenty of towels. The breakfast and all day snacks and coffee were very convenient and welcome, as was the cheese and wine each evening. this was a great way to start off an evening and get to meet other guests.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pengowls1
<Content>Special... This lovely hotel has, of course, been recommended by many people and we weren't disappointed in any way. Basically, it succeeds because all of the staff seem proud of working there and want to share its many positive qualities with the guests. As a result, there is a warm and welcoming atmosphere throughout the building: from the helpful concierges, the friendly breakfast staff, the cheerful cleaners etc.We also slept very well! Our room was very quiet and had one of the most comfortable beds that we've experienced in a hotel. Perhaps the Casablanca's approach can be summed up by the invitation given as we checked-out: 'We will store your bags and feel free to use the hotel's facilities and help yourself to coffee etc. for the rest of the day' .A great stay.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TheTravelingLady
<Content>Great Hotel! My family (including one teenager) stayed at the Casablanca Hotel for our spring break trip this year. What a great experience. What's not to like? The breakfast buffet was tasty, and we enjoyed the wine and cheese every afternoon. It was a great way to unwind after a day of sightseeing before going out to dinner and theater. We also enjoyed coming back for coffee and tea after our night on the town. The staff was congenial and very helpful!It is true that our room had no view, but it was clean and there was plenty of room for the three of us. (We had a two double beds and still room for suitcases). There was a window that actually opened to allow for cross ventilation if we wanted it. Our only complain was that our mattress was very soft and should be replaced. When we mentioned it to the management we were told that they had a schedule to do so. So it is something you might want to check on.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>1980
<Content>An oasis of calm in the midst of times square My husband and I just returned from a weekend trip to NYC. We loved everything about this hotel. The staff are exceptionally efficient, friendly and eager to accommodate their guests. The rooms are decorated in warm, beautiful tones, with just enough space. The bed, pillows and bedding are ridiculously comfortable and the room allowed surprisingly little street noise. The bathroom turned out to be roomy, decorated in beautiful jewel tones, and our senses couldn't get enough of the orange scented Tarocco products provided. The entire hotel is spotlessly clean and lovingly maintained.We enjoyed meeting the other guests during the wine and cheese parties, listening to the wonderful piano player and relaxing in the beautiful atmosphere of Rick's Cafe. The all day refreshments, laptop, newspapers, large screen television and outdoor terrace made this space feel like an oasis of calm from the frenetic pace just steps away from the front door. The breakfast scene was equally pleasant and relaxed with offerings of fresh fruit, baked goods, yogurt, hard boiled eggs and and endless supply of rich, freshly brewed coffee and cappuccino. We are looking forward to future weekend visits to New York City and when we do, we will definitely return to The Casablanca.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Champry
<Content>Brilliant atmosphere We have just returned from a week at the Casablanca Hotel in New York. The hotel is excellent; we have never experienced such incredible service before. Most of the hotels in New York don't serve breakfast; when we learnt that this was included at the Casablanca we were just expecting a few nibbles but breakfast is a lovely continental spread with bagels, fruit, boiled eggs and pastries etc. During the afternoon they serve coffee, tea and pastries so if you are in the area you can pop in to rest; after all that shopping! Every evening from 5.00 pm until 8.00 pm they serve cheese and wine, the atmosphere is relaxed and sociable; we made lots of friends during our stay.The location is great 43rd Street, just off Broadway, Times Square, and very convenient for the subways. Overall I would say this is probably one of the nicest hotels we have stayed in especially for customer service; all the staff were great.This is one of the few hotels that we have been to whose website is an accurate portrayal of the accommodation and as you can see it is first class.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>flygirl_7
<Content>Fantastic My husband and I chose this hotel after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor. The hotel called me a few days before our arrival to confirm our reservations, they were very polite and professional. The gentleman told me they had upgraded us to a king room. When we arrived the doorman was right there to get our luggage and escort us to the lobby. We loved our room, we knew there would not be a view and we didn't have a problem with that. The room was clean, the bed was comfortable and we were so busy enjoying the sights of New York that we didn't spend much time in the room. We did spend time in Rick's cafe - what a great concept. We enjoyed having the cappuccino machine available at all hours. The pastries were wonderful, I commented to my husband that they were better quality than any other free breakfast buffet. In the afternoon they serve complimentary wine, champagne and cheese. There was a wonderful pianist playing music and it set the tone for relaxation and satisfaction.I could go on but I will sum it up by saying we loved our stay at the Casablanca, we highly recommend it and will return.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ALeeKAt-
<Content>Perfect location and excellent staff! My partner and I stayed at Casablanca in March '08 for 2 nights.We arrived at JFK airport around 8am and jumped on a bus (approx $15 each) which dropped us off at the bus depot, 5 minutes walk from the hotel. A taxi would probably have been an easier option - they have a flat rate FROM JFK to anywhere on Manhattan $45 + tolls ($4.50) + tip. Back to the airport you're put on the meter.We arrived at Casablanca pretty early (just before 10am) and so didn't expect to be able to check in. However, they were really helpful and had a room available for us - and also upgraded us to a king room! So we went upstairs for a much appreciated shower.On our way back out the concierge was very helpful with tours, what to do and where to go, and even booked some bus tour tickets for us. $49 each gets you on a double decker city bus tour valid for 4 different routes (downtown, midtown, uptown, brooklyn heights) plus a night route for 48 hours. We jumped on the midtown route to get our bearings.When we got back to the hotel at around 6pm, Rick's cafe was buzzing with free wine and cheese and a live pianist - a great way to end a day of sightseeing. We went up and had a nap and the bed was so comfy we didn't wake up until midnight! So headed down and asked the concierge where we could go for dinner. He had a couple of great reccommendations which we took him up on (9th ave - heaps of restaraunts)Breakfast the next morning in Rick's cafe was great - coffee  tea, juices, iced tea, water, cereal, croissants, bagels, yogurt, cheese, fruit salad.....Also in Rick's is a computer for guest use with high speed internet and a printer.The rest of our stay was outstanding and to sum up Casablanca I have to say that the service is exceptional, the location is perfect and the rooms are cosy and comfortable.Check out was efficient and they even flagged a cab for us that charged us a flat rate to the airport (instead of putting us on the meter).Location: right in Times SquareInclusions: breakfast, free internet  printing, wine  cheese, free DVD hire, excellent service, real (espresso) coffee and tea  cookies 24/7.Room: small but cosy and comfy. Good temperature, nice shower (with bath), big mirror, hair dryer, good medium sized TV, DVD player, small table and chairs.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NicolaBK
<Content>What a gem! For our second trip to New York The Casablanca was the perfect choice. We stayed for 5 nights and were very sad to leave. The location is perfect, the hotel was clean, beautifully decorated and the service was great and I can highly recommend the cheese and wine. We will definitely be back!A very small compliant was that we were on the second floor and the traffic noise was a slight issue but nothing that would stop a return visit.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TracyAWebb
<Content>A great place, perfect location       this is how close to time square we were!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>happilymarriedPa
<Content>Fabulous The Casablanca was the perfect choice for a great night away in the city. It is centrally located, clean, beautifully decorated, and incredibly helpful, polite service. We had blast and will definately be back!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ace1027
<Content>Best place My sister, niece and I were meeting in NYC for a weekend. We needed to find a room w/3 beds and a central/safe location. I stumbled on the Casablanca thru one of their sister hotels, and am SOOOO glad I did. It was perfect. We got a mini-suit w/ 2 queen beds and pull-out couch (for the 21-yr old niece). The living space was fine for the 3 of us. The location cannot be beat in NYC if you are looking to be downtown. We were on the top (6th) floor, and our room was set back of f the road with much higher buildings on each side. This meant no light or noise from outside made it to our room.Rick's cafe on the 2nd floor was a great respite after spending the day walking all over the city, and before getting ready for the night on the town.Will definitely stay again.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Miisty
<Content>Fantastic base for New York stay! Just back this morning from our first trip to New York and 5 days in The Casablanca.We've had a really fantastic time and my feet are absolutely killing me... handy tip take VERY comfortable shoes and use the subway, the 'little' walks soon add up and take their toll.The Casablanca is a perfect base, literally just off Times Sq, subway just round the corner and within walking distance of most of the big attractions, Chrysler Building, Grand Central Station and Empire State building.Really friendly staff who would happily do anything with a smile. The free cheese and wine in the evening is a real social base for catching up with other visitors and their hot tips. There's also free internet access for booking tickets and checking in for flight back etc,If I was being really picky the bed was smaller than I expected in America but it stood up to any European City, was exceptionally clean, comfy bathrobes and even had complimentary DVD's available for when the days walking the sights had taken their toll. (Breakfast at Tiffany's has a whole different outlook when you've just been there!)Tony's restaurant next door is amazing. It's family style dining so you order a dish and it comes on a big platter and serves 2-3! Fantastic atmosphere and really great food. You can also order it in for room service. I've spent 33 years researching cheesecake and I can honestly say that their NY cheesecake is the best I've ever tasted!I'd really recommend the Casablanca and we'll definitely stay here again next time.Couple of other tips - if you'd like to visit the Statue of Liberty monument inside you can only do that through prebooked tickets - I did it through the Statue cruises website before I went over. It also meant only queuing for the security check and not tickets too. Ellis island is great and the audio tour really helps.When it comes to the Empire State building I had prebooked tickets but the queue was so big we decided to upgrade to the Express Pass. It would have been cheaper to do this online but it was so worth doing I would recommend it! The queue was outside and about 3 hours to get to top. Express pass meant we were there in about 5 minutes. When you have so many other things to do it's not great to spend it queuing.All in all a great city and I can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>maritimeexplorer
<Content>As good as advertised       The Casablanca  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rustyPennsylvania
<Content>an oasis This was our fourth stay at the Casablanca. We travel a lot and I have never met a more caring staff. They make you feel at home. I have some difficulty in getting around and use a cane. My husband was not arriving until later in my stay and the staff could not have been nicer from the front desk to the bellmen and maids and the wonderful ladies in Rick's cafe. Everyone was so helpful. We enjoy the theater so the location is perfect. The facility is immaculate and beautifully maintained from the fresh floral arrangements to the offerings in Rick's cafe. The ambiance is one of an oasis, of calm; we had a street side room and had no noise problems at all; the rooms and bedding are extremely comfortable and listening to the Friday night pianist is a wonderful way to close out a stay.A visit to the Casablanca is like a visit to friends who always warmly welcome you back.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Georgie1355
<Content>Perfect location The hotel was very nice and clean, it was in a perfect location but you could not hear a thing. The staff were very friendly and accomidating. We will be going back to stay at this hotel in October because we liked it soooooo much.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>saxilby bill
<Content>Fabulous experience!       Ric's bar  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dlr2623
<Content>Just About Perfect       entrance to Rick's Cafe  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wazbln
<Content>Great hotel right off Times Square The Hotel Casablanca is located about 100 metres from Times Square and (by New York standards) represents exceptional value for money.I stayed for 3 nights (booked through the hotel website) and was upgraded to a suite. The suite was huge by Manhattan standards and beautifully appointed in an understated Morrocan-influenced style. Quality of furniture and fittimgs was very high. Being near Times Square there will always be some noise, but less than I was expecting and it wasn't at all intrusive (though I'm a heavy sleeper anyway).The lounge/bar provides a good quality free buffet breakfast in a relaxed atmosphere.'There is an internet connected computer and printer available for guests to use. The staff were friendly, curteous and helpful at all times.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Deg24
<Content>Location,Location, Location We have just returned from a 5 night stay at the Casablanca. The hotel is a hidden gem off of one of the side roads from Time Square. Its location is fantastic as its easy to access the subway (7 day pass for $25 - unlimited) theatres and shops.We stayed in a Queen size room which was a good size, the bed was comfortable and the bathroom very clean.The room was warm in the night so we had to use the air con. We were on the fifth floor and over looked the side street which did create some noise in the night but nothing you wouldn`t expect from a busy city. All the staff at the Casablanca were very helpful and polite at all times. The breakfast was excellent offering bagels, cereals, pastries and fruit which a selection of hot and cold drinks.If you want something hot for breakfast try the Brooklyn cafe two doors down from the hotel, great pancakes. Rick`s cafe on the second floor of the hotel was a good resting point after many hours walking. Hot and Cold drinks available 24 hours a day as well as biscuits, pastries and fruit. From 5pm - 7pm wine and cheese is served, access to the internet is available free of charge and daily newspapers.The hotel was in a good condition and very clean throughout.Both check in and check out were hassle free and the staff are happy to store our bags while we went for a last minute shop before our night flight home. Check out isn`t until 12 which is excellent for an extra hours sleep before travelling home.We enjoyed our stay at the Casablanca and would return to this hotel if we visited New York again.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JessieIreland
<Content>Great Little Hotel Booked this hotel after reading reviews on this website and I was not disappointed. This is a lovely little hotel, the staff are very friendly and helpful and the rooms are spotless.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>TimSav54
<Content>Wonderful hotel, Happy helpful staff, Great location My wife and I stayed for two nights at the Casablanca prior to a cruise. We booked this hotel as a result of the reviews on Tripadvisor and we were not dissappointed,. From the moment the taxi arrived at the hotel the staff were helping us with the cases. The check in procedure was effortless all the staff seemed genuinely happy in their work, were also pleasant and very helpful. The room was larger than I expected the bed was large and very comfortable one of the best I have slept in, in a hotel. The location is just off Times square so you were a short walk ( 30 seconds) from all the noise and hustle and bustle, without having to suffer the traffic noise when in the hotel. The ambience of the hotel was very relaxed. A big bonus was the complementary continental style breakfast, beverages and snacks throughout the day and evening cheese and biscuits and wine. We can thoroughly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HarrowGail
<Content>Great hotel,perferct location My husband and I stayed at the Casablanca for 4 nights in Janruary and loved it. The location is perfect- 2 mins from Times Square. The hotel staff were exceptional and always more than willing to oblige. The longe called Ricks cafe where refreshments and snacks are available 24/7 is a real bonus and the cheese and wine reception in the evenings is great as well as being very sociable.We met 2 ladies from Belfast and enjoyed their company.The rooms are small but imaculate-I would suggest that when you arrive in the room the lights are left on because they are a little dark as there is no view to look at! but this is not a problemIt was nice to have breakfast in the hotel- not many hotels in New York provide breakfast in the price.Overall a great hotel and one to be recommended  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Nesters
<Content>Not sure if it is #1 We stayed at the Casablanca for an anniversary long weekend in February. We loved the hotel - had booked through Orbitz, which had said king or queen bed. We were shown our room - very small and a small queen bed. Said no kings were available. No view. The pillows were nice, but the bed was extremely hard - felt like I had been at a slumber party and slept on the floor. You could feel the springs! After the 2nd night, we asked to be released from our reservations because the bed was so bad. Bedspread was stained (ugh) and the tub and sink drained slow (clogged?). They did release us without penalty and were extremely nice. We really liked the wine/cheese reception and the breakfast. The living area was very nice. Loved the location. We were told that because we booked through Orbitz we could not change rooms. This does not seem right - we really wished we could have completed our vacation there. I guess we expected a bit more given the hotel's extremely high ranking on TripAdvisor. We wanted to pass this along. We have stayed at several hotels in NYC and would have liked this one the best if we could have only changed rooms and had more comfortable beds. We might try to stay here again - but will book directly through the hotel as to ensure the larger and hopefully more comfortable bed.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	3	3	3	1	

<Author>einniw
<Content>perfect location As previously stated by many other visitors, this was a lovely hotel in the middle of Manhatten. Only problem we experienced was the noise as our room was on the front, so avoid these if you can! Breakfast and wine and cheese - nice touch, and very much appreciated after sight seeing manhatten! Would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kazerella
<Content>Cracker of a hotel!! Fantastic little hotel, right in the middle of Manhattan. Hotel only very small, but couldn't wish for anything nicer. It is located 2 seconds from the hustle and bustle of Times Square, but once you walk in the doors, you wouldn't know it! 24 hour Ricks cafe is a true delight. There is free internet access and the cafe is so calm and peaceful. Staff very friendly and I would certainly recommend anyone to go and stay there. I would rate this hotel 10 out of 10.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LalDublin
<Content>We'll be back for more This hotel is perfect. Its a home away from home. The staff are so helpful and friendly, they couldn't do enough for us. The rooms are spotless (beds are surprisingly small - a standard double but very comfy), the wine and cheese reception is much more than that....hot chocolate, coffee, latte's cakes biscuits and fruit available all day, just perfect when it's snowing and freezing outside. Great location, just off Times Square and perfectly safe. Absolutely loved every minute of our 5 day stay here, will definately be back will recommend it to all of my friends and family.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	-1	

<Author>gecko990
<Content>Here's looking at YOU kid When you step off Times Square into the lobby, it is a nice respite from the drear of the day. In the evening one can hear the clink of the wine glass, and casual laughter from the stairway above. I can't wait to get there and have Laura pour us a glass of wine, have some lovely snacks, and finally sit and relax! Then our friends would call from the Hotel Edison, we would invite them for a drink and to figure out where to eat. After coming over and experiencing our place, they wanted to check out of theirs and book with the Casablanca!  One could feel the PULSE of Times Square( being so close to it) but as soon as the wonderful shower turned on, it washed away the day's toil and pounded one into relaxation and content. The rooms are cozy but one must remember you are in New York and this would be considered an apartment to DIE for in regards to proximity to EVERYTHING! In closing, all hotels offer something, then nickle and dime you for the rest of the luxuries that one would hope for. At the Casablanca, it's just part of the job.... I'll be back...  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Rail_Girl
<Content>Great little Gem My husband and stayed here for 2 nights in October. We loved it. The room was quite small, but very clean. The bathroom had great amenities, good shower. My husband is 6'4 and the shower head was quite high for him. He's used to being hit in the chest with the water as most hotels don't place the shower heads very high. Rick's cafe was a welcome respite. The little terrace off the cafe was the smoking section and had cute little tables. It was quite warm while we were there and the A/C units in the rooms dripped onto the terrace. Not a big deal. I would be hesitant to say the A/C would be great in the dog days of summer. The window unit kept the room around 22-24 degrees but not much cooler. Our room had no view, but was on the interior of the hotel. That seemed to keep the noise from Times Square at bay. Front desk staff was amazing. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Solange72
<Content>Very Humphrey Bogart As described by many others, this is a lovely, if a little kitsch-y, hotel (faux marrocco) with nice attention to details. The decor does feel more movie set than kasbah but...still charming. There is easy access to computer/internet in the lounge, to snacks and drinks. Complimentary breakfast was plentiful and good. The room was very very small; I probably booked the smallest possible size. It was a little claustrophobia inducing for one and would have been difficult for two.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mrandmrstink
<Content>Fantastic hotel       casablanca hotel - right on times square!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sincerelyput
<Content>Great place This is a lovely hotel...clean, nice quality, good service, sufficient breakfast, and a great cocktail hour spread. Slippers and robes were a nice touch, too. Hats off to all who run this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MD757
<Content>Great Find I have stayed at the Casablanca several times over the past three years. I have found it comfortable, convenient and courtious. I enjoy the commons room on teh second floor and find the availability of all day refreshment a pleasant change from the larger hotels inteh city.I give it a very strong recomendation.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Aussie-Marg
<Content>Casablanca was great ! Great location, right at Times Square. Beautiful little hotel, loved the Casablanca theme. Rooms small but adequate, nice bathroom, all immaculately clean. The complimentary drinks and nibbles each evening in Rick's Cafe were very welcome after a hard day's sightseeing. Rick's was a nice place to relax and chat or just read the newspaper. The complimentary internet access was very handy, too.Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	5	

<Author>agg123
<Content>Fantastic deal This is a great hotel, and we definitely recommend it. Excellent location in the middle of Times Square. Amazingly, the room itself was quiet. The room we stayed in was kind of small -- but since we spent all day outside seeing the sights, it didn't matter. Bathroom was very nice, looked recently remodeled; bed was comfortable. Everything was clean. The lounge area is inviting and comfortable, open all day with snacks and drinks, and is a nice spot to take a break in the middle of the day. There's a computer in the lounge, too, with internet access and a printer. The included breakfast was excellent, with pastries, cereal, hard boiled eggs, fresh fruit, fresh-squeezed orange juice, espresso drinks -- great way to start the day, and a fantastic deal when you think about the money you save by not having to go to a restaurant. Staff was knowledgeable, pleasant, and always ready to help. We had other family staying in other hotels, so we could make the comparison: this hotel was more pleasant, and a better deal. The Casablanca really made our stay in NYC wonderful, and we will definitely come back.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ArtVoyager
<Content>Mixed Feelings about the Casablanca I come to New York a few times a year for business and have stayed at many hotels in Midtown in the $200-$250 price range. I decided to try the Casablanca Hotel because they are rated so highly on TripAdvisor and they were having a special deal on rates during President's week. There were certainly many things to like about the Casablanca: nice size room, very clean, large remodeled bathroom, nice cafe/sitting area, and friendly service. Yet I found several things to be lacking. For one, the bed was only marginally comfortable - you could feel the tops of the springs. This was in contrast to the extraordinarily soft pillows. Two, the cable reception on the television was so bad that most channels were unwatchable. Three, I could hear some noise in my room and it prevented me from getting to sleep until fairly late. While the outdoor noises from Times Square were quite muted, I could hear a lot from other guests on my floor - notably people slamming their doors which was quite jarring. Lastly, the continental breakfast was only so-so. The coffee was no better than what you'd get at a Best Western, and they served cereal in the little children's boxes - not exactly gourmet. I had basically a pleasant experience there, but I would have been disappointed if if I had paid $400 a night, which is supposedly the average rate. To my mind, this is a nice hotel for $250-$300, but a little lacking if one pays more than that.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>alf69
<Content>Wonderful hotel This was our second stay at the Casablanca and it again delighted us. Staff are friendly and immensely helpful, the complimentary catering delicious and all in an oasis of calm just yards away from Time Square. Yes, the standard rooms are small, but very comfortable, spotless and well planned.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SayTravel
<Content>A Pleasant Surprise in the Heart of Times Square We just got back from our first stay at the Casablanca (4 nights). We have nothing but nice things to say about this hotel. The staff was outrageously nice - helping us with many details of our trip. We usually stay at more lavish hotels, so I was somewhat concerned about making the choice of staying at the Casablanca. Based on TripAdvisor, however, we decided to give it a try and it was the best choice we could have made. A much more intimate hotel that your average New York hotel - but still great service. Our room was immaculate and the continental breakfast was good. The wine and cheese break in the afternoon was a great touch as well. I am very picky, but honestly could not find one thing to complain about. Jeffrey, Ian and David (and others whose names I do not know) were great and we highlly recommend this lovely hotel.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LondonRoberth
<Content>lots of nice touches The Casblanca have some terrific staff ,who delivered the best service I think I've probably ever had.Everyone who raves about the breakfast and all day lounge and the evening wine and cheese is absolutely right and the selection is fantastic!.The decor is eclectic but charming and everything is spotless with high quality goods thoughout.,right down to the soaps,sheets,towels etc.Its literally about 20 yards from Times Square but once inside it is a haven of peace and tranquility away from the madness that is Times SquareWith that said, the wireless internet worked only infrequently when I was there --probably not a problem if you are a tourist but more important if you are there on business as I was.The staff immediately offered to try to fix it (and there is a computer in the Ricks Cafe that guests can use) but they just weren't able to The room I had was a little smaller than I would have anticipated from the photos,It was a reasonable size, just not as large as I'd expected. Also It looked over the inner courtyard so was very quiet but basically had no view at all.It's a personal thing I know but I do prefer a room with a view!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>FrisbieCat
<Content>Okay hotel with a few caveats We stayed at the Casablanca for a weekend in February. We had an okay experience, but expected a bit more given the hotel's extremely high ranking on TripAdvisor. We wanted to pass along a few caveats to others. First of all, on the plus side, the hotel does have a very interesting location--literally within sight of Times Square, yet just off the main streets and therefore not quite as crowded and noisy. This would be a great location for someone in New York principally to attend Broadway shows (although conversely, if you don't need to be right in Times Square and you're looking for a calmer base of operations, I would suggest a hotel further to the east or north). Also, the second-floor common area of the hotel is quite attractive, and the morning breakfast is quite ample and well-serviced.  We had a negative experience checking in, but I'm sure it was an isolated event. A bellman showed us to our room, and we unpacked, but when we left and returned a few hours later our key wouldn't work. Turns out the bellman walked us to the wrong room! We had to repack and move to the room next door, which was unpleasant, and we were suprised that no one apologized or made any efforts to simply rebook us to the other room. Other than that isolated experience, the staff seemed quite attentive and friendly. Our room was okay, but certainly nothing special. That's the key caveat to pass along--when you see a hotel ranked in the top 10 in New York City, you imagine a very elite, spectacular place. But keep in mind this hotel is a top hotel in the mid-market range; the ranking does NOT mean you'll have an amazing, luxury experience. Again, the only word I can think of to describe the room is okay; there were no glaring problems, but it's just a small, square room with a few pieces of furniture and a small bathroom.  We asked for a quiet room. We were therefore frustrated that our room was literally next to the elevator shaft, and we could hear every movement of the elevator. The check-in person said it was a quiet room because it was at the back of the building, not on the street. I wonder if that means you're in a no-win situation at this hotel--either you get a noisy room on the street or a noisy room near the back elevators. I suggest that noise-sensitive people be demanding and ask for a quiet room NOT next to the elevators, and see what you get. To be fair, it's tough to demand that a hotel in Times Square be perfectly silent! Overall, I certainly wouldn't say this is a bad hotel. It offers decent rooms and a nice breakfast in a very central location for a comparatively good price. People just need to be aware that this is not a five-star luxury hotel, and struggles with some of the same challenges (noise, small rooms, etc.) that other properties in New York do.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Belmont43
<Content>A gem of a hotel in the heart of NYC This is our fourth stay at the Casablanca. The staff is friendly and very helpful. The complimentary continental breakfast is a nice touch. As is, the afternoon wine  cheese service. A great way to unwind. The rooms are a bit small, but manageable. The rooms, and the entire hotel, are very clean.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Bundle1217
<Content>Turned out fine in the end! Had a fantastic 3 nights in New York at the Casablanca, without the children for a change!  Having read all the reviews on Trip Advisor, we were really lookiing forward to our stay at this hotel so we were so disappointed when we arrived from the UK to find we weren't expected! Apparently we were booked in for Feb 2009 by mistake (We're told member of staff reponsible doesn't work there anymore!).Luckily the hotel wasn't fully booked but we did have to move rooms mid stay which was a bit of a nuisance - on the upside we did get to see 2 different rooms and we were offered champagne as an apology.Despite that, I have nothing but good things to say about the Hotel. Both rooms were spotlessly clean, very comfortable, quiet.The location can't be faulted.All the staff were very friendly and especially helpful on our last day when it was snowing heavily and we couldn't get a cab to take us to the airport! We made it with a minute to spare thanks to Hector our driver who was organised by a member of staff on Reception (sorry, terrible memory for names!)Breakfast was a nice extra and although we didn't partake of the cheese and wine, it was nice touch.We will definitely stay there again next time we travel to New York.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Kristorg
<Content>loved every minute       just round the corner from the hotel  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>corgikids
<Content>Very cozy  We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Casablanca. Our room was super quiet , the pillows were very comfy.Had a great nights sleep. Super shower with lots of power.Loved the little reception room with the wine and cheese to hang out and meet some of the other guests. A most relaxing stay, wish it had been longer, but we'll definitely stay again!! Great place with helpful friendly staff.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>sonofagunn
<Content>A Little Gem I can only re-iterate what the other reviews on here say.The reception staff are friendly and very helpful. On check in, they asked if it was our first time in New York (it was) and then gave us a free tourist map and pointed out where the attractions were and the best ways to get to them.The room was very clean and meticulously maintained. A nice touch for a hotel in this price bracket was the bathrobes that were provided. The only thing to note about the room was that the bed was a standard double (not too much of an issue for my wife and I as we're quite slim people) but that might not be acceptable for everyone. Ricks cafe was great for a self service breakfast. Snacks and Coffee were available all day and there is complimentary wine and cheese in the evening.Saving the best until last, the location of the Casablanca is fantastic. Just steps away from the hustle and bustle of Times Square, but on a quieter street that doesn't appear to be used as a main thoroughfare.We'll be back.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cakesnewjersey
<Content>lived up to reviews! We have stayed in many hotels in New York and found the Casablanca Hotel to be up at the top of the list! The rooms were cozy, clean and beautifully decorated, Rick's Cafe has wonderful snacks and breakfasts. The staff is warm and welcoming. We will definitely be back!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MissElainey
<Content>This is the best of the best!! I read the reviews here and thought ok just how good can this place be, and I am happy to report that it is BETTER than I expected. For a place that is so close to Times Square I thought the noise might get me. But I slept with the window open it is that quiet.The staff on every level are fantastic and jump at the chance to help you.The hotel and service in my mind can't be beaten and i have stayed at the St Regis in NYC and I would come back here every time.You can walk everywhere and if you don't want to walk there is no problem finding a cab or jumping on the bus and subway.Love this hotel  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Beverleyp
<Content>Location Location Location Stayed at the Casablanca for 5 nights with a party of 6 in 3 different rooms. Double, twin and suite. This was our first trip to New York so location was very important to us and this was how we based our selection. The hotel was extremly comfortable and welcoming. Rick's was a great spot to hang out with a hot coffee and the evening wine and cheese was an added bonus. The staff were all friendly and helpful, nothing was too much trouble. Th location is unbelievable, literally on Times Square. We could hear some of the street sounds from our room, but it was not a problem.A special mention should also go to Tony's Restaurant accessable from the hotel, this was some of the best food we had on a 5 week trip to USA.I have already started recommending this hotel, a real gem.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>debbieScotland
<Content>Great hotel in good location a Haven amongst all the biz Stayed here having looked for hotel on your site. Was not disappointed very nice, clean and excellent service. This haven in a very busy area was fabulous. Would recommend to anyone looking for clean hotel in good location with the great breakfast and tea and coffee all day. Cant forget to mention the wine and cheese every evening. Fab! Thanks to all staff who were extremely helpful at all times. Have never left feedback before but felt this hotel deserved the excellent reviews it gets.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>blondarella
<Content>Best stay ever in NYC Stayed here for 2 nights and really loved it. Hotel rates in NYC are expensive, so I was looking for a hotel that gave the best value and had good ratings. Casablanca definitely filled the bill. The staff was wonderful, they couldn't do enough for us. Made sure we had a room facing the courtyard that was quiet, helped us with directions and restaurant suggestions and made us feel really welcome. The 2nd floor lounge is very comfortable, with a generous breakfast, wine and cheese in the early evening and snacks always out at other times. It also has a computer with an internet connection and a printer which was very convenient. The location is half a block from Times Square and close to the Theater district. Yet the hotel is an oasis of calm - when you walk in the door it is quiet and cozy. The room was very nice and the bathroom was great - good size and wonderful shower with great water pressure. The bedding featured soft sheets, down pillows and comforter, very luxurious. Will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>realinvestor
<Content>Excellent The customer service is excellent. Food was wonderful. We had room 611, stayed for 2 nights.Considering the location you cannot ask for more. It was perfect  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hazel_williams
<Content>Brilliant Little Hotel What a great little hotel situated right in Times Square but on a side street so there is no noise. The hotel staff were all extremely helpful and polite. We were in room 311, not a huge room but perfect for what we required and it was cleaned everyday. The shower was excellant and very powerful - the two of us fitted in it! I also received a free bottle of champagne which was bought to our room for my birthday which was a nice treat!Breakfast was plentiful and replenished continuously, it was croissants, bagels, boiled eggs, cereals (toast if you ask) and teas, coffee and juices - all as much as you like. You can have access to tea and coffee all day. As a nice extra there is cheese and wine every evening (5-8pm) which includes champagne and popcorn too!There are loads of restaurants alongside this hotel - although we didn't try the Italian next door but would definitely recommend BXL for lovely mussles. There is an American Diner along side the hotel too but the food was definitely OTT so if you want BIG portions go here however the 15 bite hotdog my husband had he couldn't eat because it made him feel full up just looking at it!I could not fault this hotel in any way whatsoever and I would certainly recommend a stay here.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mack049
<Content>New York Value We stayed here 4 nights after a Transatlantic sea crossing. The hotel is superb value in a city where hotel costs can be very high. The hotel staff are always available to help without being obtrusive. The real plus of the hotel (mentioned in other reviews) is its location. You can get to restaurants, shops museums, etc, without difficulty. The hotel includes a continental breakfast and wine and cheese in the evening all in its very reasonable rates. Again this is rare in New York in our experience. We will certainly stay again when returning to New York.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>VOB82
<Content>Amazing! We had done a lot of research on where would be the best place to stay in NY. This hotel was AMAZING! The staff were incredibly friendly, the rooms were absolutly spotless and the location was fantastic. Breakfast was included in the price, as was internet access and cookies, tea and coffee were available free of charge all day. The wine and cheese was great after a long day of walking. The location of the hotel was brilliant. I would 100% recommended this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bonvie
<Content>Friendly, Quiet, Attention to Details Spent a wonderful, romantic overnight here, and although the room was a bit tiny, every other detail was impeccable. Bathroom was spotless. Staff was attentive, but unobtrusive. Originally was concerned about noise, given the multiple construction projects right outside on 43rd Street, but upon our wake up, there wasn't a trace of disturbing noise, despite the fact that our room was facing the street. Rick's Cafe is well run and provides a warm atmosphere; offerings include premium coffees and teas, pastries, yogurt, cold and hot cereal, fresh juices, and all newspapers, and television. I struck up conversation with several guests who had been coming to the hotel for years. Being a native New Yorker, we can be hard to please, but this hotel has done a great job distinguishing itself from the pack of large, impersonal chains. Of course, the location is perfect for enjoying theatre, museums, restaurants and shopping, but what was great was if you don't wish to do any of that, it can be a cozy hideaway. What's not to like? I would definitely come back; in fact, my friend and I share birthdays in late March, and we have already talked about celebrating there for a couple days. Oh, and their General Manager, John, is a sweetheart and a real pro. Two thumbs up!  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>spacieg
<Content>Casablanca was exceptional! We recently stayed at The Casablanca Hotel in New York. It is steps away from Broadway/Times Square. The hotel staff and service was wonderful. It's a great boutique hotel that offers breakfast (rolls/bagels/fruit/yogurt/cereal/juices/coffee) and in the evening (wine and cheese). The wine and cheese reception is a wonderful relaxing atmosphere after sightseeing. The hotel room and bathroom were very clean. We highly recommend this hotel...and, cannot wait for a return trip to New York and The Casablanca!!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jerseygirls08
<Content>the great Casablanca Hotel My daughter and I have stayed at the Casablanca every January for the past 4 years as part of our Girls' Weekend in NYC. We love everything about the hotel. The staff is very attentive and efficient. The room is always very clean and comfortable. The wine and cheese in the evening and the continental breakfast are really wonderful. It is especially nice to have a cozy place to relax and have a glass of wine or a cup of tea/coffee/hot chocolate away from the crowds. The location is perfect for what we needed. We look forward to next year!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Debra8
<Content>Great experience! We stayed for the New Years Eve holiday week in 2007. Everything was first class. The room was beautiful with classic European flair. Small, but typical NYC. Front desk service with first class and responsive. Continental breakfast and cocktail hours were well done and not to be missed. We can't wait until 2008!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>moosehoose
<Content>An absolute haven I stayed with my sister and mum in January for 3 nights and loved it.I booked a limousine to pick us up at the airport which the hotel organised we had absolutely no problems.The staff could not do enough for us.The room we had didn't have any view to speak of but it was so quiet and we were very relaxed the whole time we were there.The room was so clean and cleaned every day, the shower was excellent too.The breakfast was so fresh and lovely, 3 types of coffee (i love coffee) 3 types of milk, Fruit, cereal and croissants etc all fantastic and Rick's cafe is 24hours so when you wake up earlier than everyone else put on your robe and pop down, daily papers are available and plenty tea and coffee.Then there's the wine and cheese, what an unbelievably lovely touch, we really enjoyed chilling out with a glass of wine and some crackers and cheese before we went out for the nite.the hotel booked our return car to the airport and I can definately say I had not one complaint to make, which for me, believe me is unbelievable!!!!!!!!Loved it Loved it Loved it.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>primrosejo
<Content>Contact has been excellent I also have not yet stayed at the Casablanca, but felt I had to give my own experience of sending emails to the hotel reception. I have had to change my booking twice - due to unforeseen circumstances - for a 7 night stay in April and have sent numerous emails. Each time I have emailed, I have received a reply within a few hours, and once within minutes. On one occasion, reception telephoned us to check something. So far, I am very impressed with the efficiency of the Casablanca and look forward very much to my forthcoming stay.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GardenerCook
<Content>We've given up making contact! We haven't managed to book a stay at the Casablanca. I can only describe their reception as totally inefficient  non communicative!I have been trying to book two rooms for seven nights accommodation in August but they have so far ( three weeks later!) failed to respond at all to my two e mail requests.Having read the glowing reviews of service, I feel very disapointed and have decided that they don't deserve our business.I have never experienced this degree of poor service from a hotel before in all my years of travel.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>howardgraham
<Content>not so good not so good as we hoped. being a top hotel on this site it had to live up to a lot and it was dissapointing. good position if you want to be in seedy times square but very noisey.staff tried to help but they only half tried. not as good as libary hotel as far as quality goes.it 's a ok hotel but pricey for what you get  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	3	3	3	

<Author>cmdrkranil
<Content>Love it My wife and I stay at the Casablanca about twice a year, whenever we're in the mood for Broadway shows. The location is PERFECT...half a block off Times Square. But once you enter the hotel, you feel like you're in a whole other world, without all the hustle and bustle and noise of the streets. The staff is very attentive; the wine and cheese hour and the breakfast buffet are wonderful; The rooms are well done and clean. Our only complaint is that, because of the steam heat system, sometimes the rooms are a tiny bit chilly in the winter, but nothing that a little pajamas won't take care of.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kayos_8
<Content>Loved it My self and my wife stayed in this hotel due to the reviews on this web site and we were'nt disappionted, but I must say try and get one of the rooms at the back as the front rooms can be a little noise. This hotel is very pleasant to stay in and right on the door step of time square. ( I would not hesitate in booking this hotel again)  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>uncletupelo1
<Content>Great find in NYC The Casablanca is a great little hotel smack in the middle of Times Square. The room we had was small but clean and comfy and most importantly quiet! We could here nothing from the busy streets outside.The breakfast buffet every morning was tasty and fresh and the staff were always cheerful and helpful.The wine and cheese in the evening was a great touch also.ALl in all a great value place to stay at Times Square!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>kristaWales
<Content>Quality Hotel, great location I booked this for myself and a female friend after reading the reviews - we wanted a small hotel where we would feel safe, in a central locationThe Casablanca didnt disappoint!We had a twin room that was at the back and very quiet - we paid more than the offer prices on the web site as it was a twin and had more room than a standard double. The room was ideal for us - just enough space - only problem was with the toilet that leaked and overflowed once - it was dealt with promptly but should it happen? We got the feeling it was a regular occurence.We booked a limo from the airport through the hotel that we wouldnt recommend as we had to walk a while to parking and then the driver claimed he had waited so charged us $130 instead of $108 agreed - the plane was on time and we were quickly out so we didnt agree to pay and the hotel sorted it so we only paid the $108 - not a great way to start the holiday and next time I would get a cab. We booked a return limo for $90 and that was great We loved the 24/7 coffee/tea on tap - it was great to get back in an evening and get a 'cuppa' to take to bedThe breakfast was what we needed and the wine and cheese a treat - these facilities were a real plus for usWe booked loads of restaurants on opentable before we went following recommendations and they were all there when we arrived though we hadnt confirmedPicoline, Union Square Cafe and Gramercy tavern were greatWe loved Macys and the sale was onWe went on the tour bus - it was very cold so wasnt much fun but did see the areas of NYWe went to see the show at the Box and enjoyed it - drinks were very pricey but it was an experienceLocation of hotel was excellent - 42nd street has a major subway stop so all districts were accessible from thereNow I want to go back!Service is also great at the hotel - the staff were very obliging and helpful and honest and we felt they had their customers interests at heart  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>RICSGIRL
<Content>Great Hotel  I booked this hotel because of the fab reviews and wasn't disappointed! I spent a long weekend here back in October 07 to celebrate my partners 40th Birthday and he was very impressed with the hotel as well. The staff were lovely and helpful and the cheese and wine on offer each afternoon/early evening was a very impressive extra touch! The location is fantastic and our room which was at the back of the hotel was perfect. Our friends did have a room on the front which they said was a bit noisy but I guess you have to expect that in NYC! All in all this is a great hotel and I would definately stay here again and I haven't done that with any of the other hotels I have stayed in in NYC!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>BonyaUk
<Content>Perfect location for New Years       Ball drop view from roof top  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Newsy7
<Content>Great location.       Room 302  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>MAF50
<Content>Perfect! I was hesitant in booking this hotel as I had never heard of it, but decided to rely on TripAdvisor's reviews. The Casablanca was a wonderful place to stay; literally steps from Times Square, courteous and helpful staff, rooms exceptionally clean and well maintained. We'll be back!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jhawksherry
<Content>Loved the Casablanca My husband and I stayed at the Casablanca in August. It was our 22nd anniversary, and after reading about this hotel on Tripadvisor, I contacted the hotel by phone to place our reservations. Weeks, even months before our visit, I called the hotel's front desk several times with questions regarding the city itself--how to get around, the best way to get from the airport to the hotel, the best way to get to Cooperstown, etc. They were always very gracious and answered my questions fully. Once there, we were very happy with our accommodations and the hotel's staff. Being a smaller hotel, we had the luxury of having someone behind the desk always ready and very willing to handle our questions. The hotel was beautiful and very clean. Yes, our room was small, and yes, we were in the front facing a rather noisy street, but the noise didn't keep us awake. It was actually exciting to look out the window and see the flashing lights of Times Square! The surprise bottle of chilled champagne for our anniversary was a very nice touch, too. We would absolutely stay there again, and would recommend it to any adults who wanted to be in the thick of things in NYC. I don't think it had anything that would have been an entertainment to children, however.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Nuthatch
<Content>Special Visited New York for the first time in December for the Christmas decorations etc. We had very high expectations for this hotel and we were not disappointed. The rooms, toiletries, staff, breakfast, coffee machine, etc were all excellent and the hotel is in a fantastic location for a first time visitor.My husband and I had a room at the back and this was very quiet (we could have the window open all night without problem). My parents had a room at the front and did get quite a bit of noise from the street.Apart from that, couldn't fault it and wouldn't want to stay anywhere else if we return to NY.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>melissa70
<Content>Great Experience Again This is the third time my 12 year old daughter and myself have stayed at the Casablanca. I have never had a complaint. The staff is wonderful, the location can't be beat. It is like a home away from home.I will never book another hotel in New York.A big hurrah to Peter and John  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HPLondon
<Content>Great Place This is a great place to stay in New York if you want to be in the thick of it. Just off Times Square it is very central but surprisingly quiet. It is expensive, but all hotels in New York are. The front desk are incredibly friendly and helpful (booking dinner, taxis, getting more clothes hangers e.t.c.e.t.c.), and the atmosphere is great. The rooms are fine, a little small - but again it is New York!! It is not serious luxury, but you get nice dressing gowns and toiletries, it is clean and quiet. Breakfast is great and wine and cheese in the early evening is an added bonus. It feels more provincial than most New York hotels, but that is quite nice. It is not remotely pretensious and we had a thoroughly pleasant stay.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jetlagboy
<Content>A home from home in NYC Try to imagine a hotel that is slap bang in the middle of the worlds busiest intersection with the worlds biggest digital screens displaying adverts, news and information 24/7. On your doorstep the worlds biggest and best department stores, restaurants, bars, sports arenas and theatres serving up the best that the world can offer.Now imagine you are in your dressing gown and slippers sipping cappucino coffee, munching on cookies and watching TV at 3 o'clock in the morning in cosy quiet surroundings. It would be fair to assume you are in a completely different place hundreds of miles away wouldn't it? Well as strange as it may sound, you are in the same place and you can have your cake and eat it in the Casablanca Hotel on Times Square New York.A true haven away from the hustle and bustle of the city and when you close the doors to the hotel returning from a busy day you think you are somewhere else.We stayed there 21st - 29th December and I cannot commend the place enough. I don't need to add much to other peoples reviews other than the guys and gals who work there are real gems. Jeffery, Mike, Vinny, the doorman with the ponytail, Laura and all the rest go out of their way to make your stay memorable.You have so many hotels to choose from when you go to New York but I doubt you would find the same level of personal attention and value for money elsewhere. Our Christmas stay there was just the best.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CanAmTrail
<Content>Absolutely the Best Hotel in New York City We chose this hotel based on the high ranking in trip advisor.We now know why it is rated #1 in New York City. This hotel is the best hotel we have stayed at whether it be in the United States or Canada. This was our first time to New York and John and his staff made us feel as if we were at our own home. The rooms were great, the complimentary breakfast -great and the wine cheese and snacks daily made this a great experience. The hotel is in a great location because you are literally right in the heart of times square.The service in this hotel is the absolute best. The front desk representatives are the most friendly helpful people that you could wish for. They go out of their way to help you in any way they can. They greet you with a smile before you leave and when you come back ask about your day and then again ask if there is anything they can do for you . The housekeeping staff, the cafe staff, and the front desk staff are terrific. We would especially like to thank Peter and Jeffery of the front desk staff for absolutely going far and above the call of duty to make our stay the greatest experience. We will never forget you. We will always stay at the Casablanca Hotel and will recommend this hotel to all our friends and travel agents as well. Look forward to seeing all of you again in the future.Mike, Sharon, Maurice and Bev.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Samson45
<Content>Good but not #1 in my opinion This is a good hotel and i would recommend it to friends, but I am surprised it is #1 on Trip Advisor's New York Hotel reviews (at the time of writing). The room we stayed in was very small (we stayed in a deluxe room on the 5th floor), but very well done (good use of space), very clean and very quiet despite the Times Square location. The complimentary breakfast is a great added bonus as is the evening cheese and wine reception, but at well over $400 per night for a basic room, i would suggest the 'bonus' is bought and paid for by guests. The outdoor terrace adjoining the breakfast room is also a lovely addition to the hotel (good for smokers!).The staff were all very friendly and helpful and the hotel is in a great location.All in all a good hotel.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>moultonman
<Content>Its not number 1 for nothing We stayed at the Casablanca for 4 nights and can only agree with most of the previous reviews.Quiet,comfortable,friendly staff and Ricks Cafe a wonderful bonus with its free tea,coffee and great breakfast.Also free internet was great to have.Would definitely recommend to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pontman
<Content>Hidden Gem Stayed 5 nights at the Casablanca 7 -12 December. We cannot speak too highly of this hotel. Excellent, friendly staff, quiet, well appointed rooms and the unexpected (for NYC) Rick's Cafe with complimentary breakfast buffet, afternoon coffee and evening wine. Well placed off Times Square the Casablanca has none of the unnecessary bling of the large chain hotels or the forced, false coolness of many boutique hotels. Instead it has a warm and friendly ambience from the moment you arrive. The staff make a real effort to get to know you and help make your stay in NYC a good experience.Have stayed in a number of hotels in NYC over the years but this is the best. Would definitely return and recommend highly.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>koolmom3
<Content>The Best 16th Birthday Ever! For my daughter's 16th Birthday, we took a trip to NYC and stayed @ the Casablanca for 4 nights in September. The Casablanca was truly a highlight of our trip. As we were first time travelers to NY, we had many questions  the staff were amazingly helpful. We literally called them from the ferry boat for directions. The beds  linens were out of this world (we're still waiting to order our own sheets from their linen company.) The food was great  having snacks  coffee available during the day was a wonderful treat. We were always greeted with a smile and we always felt very safe. As a mother-daughter duo who stood out as tourists, coming home to the Casablanca every evening was a treasure! We'll always stay here!!! Don't pass this up because it's small - you know what they say, good things come in small packages. This hotel is the best! It makes me miss it when I read these reviews!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>llamacalmer
<Content>Wouldn't stay anywhere else First visit to NY from 22-27th Dec with husband and 14 year old daughter. Booked Casablanca based on TA reviews.We had a mini suite on 5th floor overlooking the front of the hotel. Didn't get much noise most of the time, but a couple of mornings a bit of noise from the lock-ups opposite about 6.30am/7am, but we did have the windows open as very mild weather. I'm sure if we had kept them shut we wouldn't have heard anything.There's not a lot to say that hasn't already been said. Location is fantastic, the staff are the most helpful and pleasant I have ever met, everything is exceptionally clean, the breakfast is more than enough, and the cheese and wine every evening is most welcome. Also it was nice to come back in the evenings to coffee and biscuits/pastries. Bathroom toiletries were particularly nice.It was also nice not to be charged for internet access in the bedrooms, so daughter could keep in contact with friends whenever she wanted.We are already planning our next visit to NY, and it will definitely be the Casablanca again.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>katehux
<Content>Best hotel in NYC My friends and I stayed at the casablanca for 5 nights from 6th December to the 11th December. We had a fantastic stay. The hotel is a jewel in the crown to say the least. The staff were wonderful, the cheese and wine every night from 5pm till 8pm was amazing.We were up really early on our first night (with the time difference) and it was great, we all sat in ricks cafe with our latte's , in our pyjamas , you would never imagine we were only minutes from times square.The hotel was immaculate. We had a mini suite which was fabulous.There is nothing negative to say about this hotel. If you are planning a trip to the big Apple, you must stay here, you will not be dissapointed.Thankyou casablanca, we will definately see you next yearxx  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Normal Traveler
<Content>The great reviews were right on! We chose this hotel based on its high ranking on TripAdvisor and we were not disappointed. While there are certainly hotels with more amenities and maybe even larger rooms, we loved everything about this place: the hotel staff was the most friendly hotel staff we've ever encountered; our room was SO quiet it was hard to believe we were in crazy Times Square; the bathroom was so clean it literally sparkled; and the free wine and cheese was a nice relaxing break from the hordes of people out in Times Square. Of course, the hotel prices in NYC can be quite shocking, but since you're going to pay this much for any decent hotel, you should definitely spend your good money here. What was especially nice was being able to leave the absolute chaos of Times Square and come into a quiet relaxing space with certainly not as many guests as in some of the large hotels. We'll recommend this hotel to everyone we know and will definitely be back.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>SDCEssex
<Content>Will definately return What can i say?...Staff very friendly  helpful. Beautiful hotel with lovely touches..breakfast/wine/chocolate..etc..superb location for manhattan  subway. It was our first visit to USA, never mind New York. We WILL return and the Hotel Casablanca will be our place to stay. Thankyou for making NY memorable!!....SimonDawn  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	-1	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nsrosie
<Content>Great for Kids We just returned from a two night stay at this property and have only positive things to say. It is the perfect place to stay with a child. Though not huge, the room was certainly big enough for the three of us. The real key was the second floor lounge and the proximity to the subway and Broadway. In order to do all that we wanted to do during our short stay, we basically had to forgo our dinner reservations. We ended up eating small meals and snacks. It was so nice to have the cafe available where my daughter could get fruit, milk etc. The healthy snacks were so nice and the evening wine and cheese was a really nice treat after a day on the go. Finally, there is also a computer available for guests which was very helpful for checking flights. It was very convenient to be so close to the Mary Poppins theater and Times Square since we were traveling with our daughter. The staff could not have been more helpful and pleasant. I was not crazy about the decor but everything else was just perfect for what we needed so I am not complaining.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>thornbird45
<Content>The reviews are true ! The previous reviews are absolutely correct - the location is excellent as you are approx 200 yards from Times Square, but the hotel is still remarkably quiet. The rooms are adequately sized and very clean. There is a decent buffet breakfast and complimentary wine in the evening which not all NY hotels provide. The major selling point is the top notch customer service, all the staff are very friendly and helpful and you do genuinely feel welcome.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>ickle82
<Content>Its not just me then At the moment i am trying to find a location for my honeymoon, and after much consideration have thought about returning to NY as it holds special memories from when my soon to be husband and i went there for our joint 21st. My first and only port of call is the Hotel casablanca. Prime location, roft terrace has breathtaking views, lovely coffee bar and welcoming staff, clean and comfty rooms. Whilst other hotels in NY might have more glitzs and glamour, numerous inhouse resturants and spas etc, they cant touch the personal service Casablanca has to offer. I was foolish enough to click onto trip advisor and think that maybe book another larger hotel as it was our honeymoon and couldnt believe my eyes when casablanca was rated number one... its not just me then. All i can says is you certainly wont be disappointed.Will let you know if its still as amazing after my return  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Phobos
<Content>Great Must Stay Place Stayed here for 4 nights 7-10th December.Lived up to the expectations.Great Location (30 seconds walk from Times Sq but still very quiet in the Hotel).Excellent Accomodation.Great Wine and Nibbles.Fantastic StaffHopefully will stay again next year. Will take the kids this time.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lovetravelVermont
<Content>Super! Great location! We could walk everywhere. Well decorated and immaculate. The staff was courteous, efficient and friendly. We could not have been happier with our stay.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Eeepee98
<Content>A Wonderful Experience We found this hotel through Trip Advisor and booked it for our mid December anniversary trip on the strength of the reviews. We were not disappointed! The property is wonderful and the staff is extremely helpful and friendly. Rick's cafe is available around the clock with refreshments. There is also a fine continental breakfast and wine and cheese reception in the evening. Rick's also has a fireplace, comfortable couches, and a computer for guests. The guest rooms are small, but well appointed and very quiet.The location is great - less than a block to Times Square. There are several restaurants on the same block. We tried Toni DiNapolis, which was fun, but very crowded and noisey with huge portions.We cannot recommend this property enough. We hope to stay there again!!!  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>merched32
<Content>one word...excellent I dont think there is anything different I can say from a lot of previous reviews...I should know as I have read most of them...and I booked our stay at this hotel on the strength of the reviews on TA. I can only say we were not disappointed and the hotel truly lives up to all the glowing reviews and more.Our trip to New York was for my 40 th birthday and my trip was made extra special due to staying at this little gem of a hotel, the management even gave me a bottle of bubbly-I was really touched.All of the staff from the boys on front desk, the lovely ladies in Ricks lounge and the maids were all happy, smiley and extremely polite with any requests made being promptly and effeciently met.The whole hotel exuded and air of calm and serenity, youd never believe being in such close proximity to Times Square. It is spotlessly clean and the food available at Ricks was fresh and plentiful and inviting.I loved everything about it, would return in a heart beat, and would thoroughly recommend it to anyone.New York is amazing as well....Im longing to return.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>powwowAngus
<Content>Great Location Just back from a five night stay in this wonderful,small,friendly,clean,great located hotel.Can't fault it and after reading other reviews on this site it was everything we expected. The rooms are small but adequate.Equipped with ironing board,iron and hairdryer. Ours had a nice big cupboard for storing the suitcases and plenty of coathangers.Rick's lounge is great for having your coffee or your wine and cheese in the evening. There is a coffee machine so you can make a cup at any time you wish .Breakfast includes a healthy choice of fruit along with your bagels etc.Every member of staff was friendly and very helpful.Turn right and the heart of Times Square is 20 meters yet there is no noise once you are in. We were within walking distance of a lot of the tourist attractions.Would have no problem recommending this hotel to anyone visiting New York.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>bulldog26
<Content>the best yet We stayed at the Casablanca hotel for 6 nights in Nov 07.We like everyone else had high expectations from all the excellent reviews on trip adviser and we can only whole heartedly agree. From the moment we pulled up in the taxi the doorman was ready to take our cases , all of the staff were very friendly and chatty and always ready to help and if they didnt know anything they would get back to you.Our room was on the 3rd floor we were offered a room at the back or the front, we chose the front whats the point of being in new york with out the noise. The room was very clean and homely with bathrobes and slippers the bed was big enough with comfy pillows, we had a tv with a large selection of channels there was also a dvd player with complementary dvds available from reception (and all of the films were set in or named after new york it was a nice touch and you'd be surprised how many films there are).The bathroom was small but well equipt with nice toiletries and all mod cons including a phone (well you never know when u'll get the urge to chat) theres also a safe in the room which was complementary. Ricks cafe was really nice and a relaxing place to sit and chat there was a good selection of bagels and coffees in themorning and the wine and cheese was very popular but the room never felt crowded even though most people used it at some point. We have previously stayed at the Marriott Marquis and said that we would go back but with the price increase there we decided to try the casablanca its not cheap but its worth every cent if its all about location then what more could you want than just metres away from times square.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nogginthenog
<Content>Superb customer service As I expected, after reading the unbelievably glowing reports of the Casablanca - the concierge service and general friendliness of the staff was absolutely excellent. The only reason I haven't given the hotel the same kind of review is because of a few minor things, but none of them serious.Yes, the complimentary breakfast is really useful, but after 7 days it was a bit samey - but remember, this is FREE!! so no real complaints there.We didn't really make use of the free cheese and wine as we were out virtually all day and into the night, but I did use it on our first night and was stunned at the quality of the wine and cheese available - shame it didn't start sooner and end later as we would have used it every day. If you're the sort of tourist who likes a 9-5 day with an evening out after getting changed, then this is ideal for you.We were in the hotel over Thanksgiving, so it was pretty packed but we never had a problem getting a table at Rick's cafe. Noise - didn't affect us at all, all you need to do is ask for a quiet room, we were on the sixth floor. In fact I was absolutely amazed at how quiet the hotel was considering that THE noisiest and busiest place in the world - Times Square is literally 30 yards away!Our toilet got blocked too (is this a hotel plumbing problem?), but there was no problem getting it unblocked. I was surprised to hear that another reviewer met an unhelpful member of staff, as everyone we met was superb. Considering some of the ridiculous requests we heard in the breakfast area from some of the guests, I'm amazed that the staff were so courteous. I sometimes wonder why people go on holiday at all if they only like things done in a certain way.Yes, the room was small but we weren't really in the room for long enough periods for this to be a problem. Towels changed every day as were the toiletries.We also received a free bottle of champagne, as it was our wedding anniversary - this seems to be standard practice now for decent hotels if you mention a special celebration. I just hope people don't start abusing this and make up a birthday just to get a free bottle of bubbly.Overall, our stay at the Casablanca was brilliant and I have no hesitation in recommending it - but don't go there if you like faceless corporate hotels.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jfaztravels
<Content>Good, but great? We booked our stay for the Thanksgiving week 8 months ago. It's was the least expensive hotel close to the parade route. The service is fine, and the lounge is great (we saved a FORTUNE on breakfasts and two nights we turned our crackers and cheese into dinner!). But we were staying at the front of the hotel in a King suite (room 502) and we found the noise unbearable. If you're a light sleeper opt for a room in the back -- with all the sight seeing to do in New York City, a good night's sleep is essential and we would have appreciated someone advising us about the noise upon booking. (The beds were very comfortable, however).I was not surprised by the size of the rooms as I had read about them on this website. We had a King suite, but the room was so overstuffed with unnecessary furniture (Why do I need a table for two in my bedroom?) that we had to get very creative even to pull the sofa bed out for our daughter. We wound up removing the glass from the coffee table and propping it up by the wall and putting the metal base on end in a corner.We were given mis-information about the parade from a staff member (he didn't even know what street it came down -- thankfully we had done enough research of our own to know better), and we also had to have a very unfriendly staff member unclog our toilet -- it was kind of an embarrasing call to make and a more congenial attitude or a sense of humor would have been appreciated.All and all, Casablanca was nice, but not exceptional and for $459.00 a night, I expect exceptional.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelfanla
<Content>Hoorah for Casablanca! I recently enjoyed a three night stay at the Casablanca, as a sort of mini school reunion with four friends. We chose New York, as we were travelling from London and California and it was the nearest to a halfway point we could manage. We chose the Casablanca based on recommendations from tripadvisor and I would like to add my name to the list of fans.Since our group was arriving at different times and sharing rooms, I made several calls to the hotel regarding our booking. The staff were always friendly and welcoming, no matter what time of night I called, and I would always deal directly with whoever answered the phone, rather than being put on hold. When we checked in, it had been noted that one of us would be celebrating a birthday during our stay, and we were offered a bottle of champagne to be sent to our room, which was much appreciated.The hotel is fabulously central, just by Times Square and you really feel when you step outside the door that you are right in the thick of things. On stepping inside however, you have the sense of arriving at an oasis of calm.The room were beautifully decorated and more spacious than I expected for New York. One of the best things about the hotel is Rick's Bar, which is a lounge on the second floor for guests, open 24 hours. We were served an excellent breakfast here and in the evening from 5 to 8pm, wine and cheese is available. Now that's what we would call a Very Happy Hour! The rest of the time, coffee, (a cappucino machine, no less) and cookies were available. It was a great place for my friends and I to relax and catch up and there was even a pianist on the Friday evening.The staff were always friendly and helpful and really went out of their way to make us feel comfortable and at home. It really was a very personal service.On the morning we checked out, we did not actually have to leave New York till about 11pm that night. The staff very kindly took care of our bags ( even letting us have access to them in the afternoon to put away shopping!) and invited us to make use of Rick's bar during the day if we needed a break. I have since learned that many hotels charge a fee to hold your bags, so we were very grateful for this service.It was great to be able to walk to the theatre, to dinner and to many other attractions and it made New York feel much smaller than it had on previous visits.Next time I stay at the Casablanca, I would like to try to a room at the rear of the hotel, as there is some street noise. I know this is unavoidable in New York, but we were unlucky that the city had decided to dig up the road outside the hotel during our stay. Everything else about our stay was quite perfect however, and I would heartily recommend this hotelMary  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mmerewitz
<Content>We Love the Casablanca! During the past 4 years we've stayed at the Casablanca whenever we've visited NY. The atmosphere and staff are warm and friendly. We feel like we're visiting with family and friends instead of being just another guest in one of the larger commercial type hotels. The lounge is the perfect place to sit and read the paper, meet with friends or just relax after a busy day in the city with a cup of hot tea. It's hard to believe it's only a few steps from busy Times Square. We love it!Marian Merewitz  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bassing-jersey
<Content>Everything you want       Ricks breakfast bar  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>laurell66
<Content>The best hotel My mum and I stayed here for four nights mid November 2007. I booked after reading all the reviews on Trip Advisor I thought that many people can't be wrong, they wern't. There is a reason this hotel is rated No.1 in New York on so many websites.What can I say. Our room was small but perfectly formed with everything we needed to make our stay comfortable, Iron  ironing board, huge shower, hair dryer, air con, huge tv etc etc, The 2nd floor lounge provided us with a 'free' plentifull breakfast and snacks and coffee 24hours a day and even better in the evening 'again free' wine with cheese and biscuits. The free internet access is a great idea if you have to check your emails we just used it for checking the times of one of the trips we had organised. This is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in and I stay in a few with work all over its just like nothing I have stayed in before, its not flash or ultra modern its also not one of these hotels where you feel like you are walking on eggshells everywhere. The staff were superb and on hand any time of day to help, advise, make dinner reservations or simply open the door for you. I appreciate good service and going the extra mile when I see it. The thing is this hotel doesn't need all ritz and glamour its just perfect the way it is. The location is fabulous right in the centre of manhattan so its perfect for exploring uptown as well as downtown its also pretty close to 5th avenue which is handy for last minute shopping.I am happy to say that this little hotel made our stay in New York that bit more special we felt extremely valued customers not just a number like you do in some bigger group hotels.You must try the itlaian next door as well we ate there one night and it really was quite good.I would certainly recommend this hotels to all my friends and family if they were going to New York.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Brenda46
<Content>The BEST! I travel to New York for pleasure trips about once or twice a year, and I have stayed at the Casablanca for the past 6 years. It is a wonderful small hotel. It is right in the middle of everything, but you would never know it because of the great soundproofing that has been done to the hotel.You receive personal service and the rooms are so nice and clean. They have a great breakfast in the mornings that is included in the room charge. They also have snacks out for you all day. This is really enjoyable after a long day of sightseeing and walking.I feel very safe and at home when I am staying as a guest at the Casablanca.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ea217
<Content>Agreeing with the other reviewers. We stayed here for six days on our very first visit to NY, picking from this site. The position is very central and convenient. The room was quite compact, but I believe that is not uncommon in the area, a little short on drawer space, but it was very clean and the room service was good. All the staff we met were very friendly and helpful. The most impressive part is the first floor (second to the colonials) lounge area with a very good drive yourself 24 hour espresso machine, a good continental breakfast and an excellent cheese and wine session in the early evening, factor all this in and the price is excellent. A very pleasant stay  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pattie-supper
<Content>An oasis in Manhattan! We arrived before our designated check in time, but it was absolutely no problem for the reception staff to let us check in and go to our room. The receptionist was great whenever we asked for them for anything and made a point of telling us about the 2nd floor lounge and the breakfast and evening cheese and wine reception. Like another reviewer we were given the freedom to use the lounge the day we checked out and they also said we should join them for the cheese and wine if we were still in town.The theme of the hotel was impeccably observed in the public areas and the bedrooms. Everywhere we went was spotless and well looked after. The free internet access was also an unexpected bonus.The hotel don't provide the room service themselves, so I don't think it's fair to include this in rating their service.We couldn't have wished for a better location for our 3 nights, we walked up and down to Madison Sq Garden and Central Park several times so this made a fantastic base. It's not the cheapest place around, but we've stayed elsewhere in Manhattan and you get much more here for your money than I'd expected. Going to New York? Then you really ought to stay here!!!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Stanbsch
<Content>An old time NewYorker gets ripped off Offensive impolite reception, disgraceful dirty room housekeeping;deluxe king room so small that it could not accommodate a chest of drawers; bar and food service supplied by a cheap eat-a-lotItalian restaurant. Room charge over $450.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>smlNc
<Content>very nice This hotel is very nice, quiet and clean with impeccable service. The employees are very knowledgeable, polite and anxious to help with any questions you have or directions. The rooms are small but clean and the beds are very comfortable. We weren't bothered by outside noises. We enjoyed the lounge and snacks and that is a plus after a long walk in the city!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>robsie999888
<Content>Casablance is great We Spent 3 nights in this lovely hotelIn terms of cleanliness and service it was the best hotel I have stayed in.They are building a new skyscraper across the street but the room that we had located facing the central courtyard was really quiet, you couldn't really believe you were right in the centre of new york. The lounge is a place you actually want to linger and the atmosphere is very friendly.The staff are helpful and couldn't do enough for us.Would definetly recommend a stay at the casblanca, it has a homely feel right in the middle of the city what an achievement !  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>cookieboy
<Content>A home from home       The bathroom  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Tab25
<Content>Best hotel in New York Just back from a stay in this wonderful hotel. I have been to New York 8 times now and this was my first time to stay here. Have stayed in the likes of the Plaza on 5th ave before and have to say that i found this hotel the best of the lot. I can not recommend this place enough. the friendliest staff you will ever find anywhere. The hotel itself is very clean. I though the room was a fine size considering what i have read. the bathroom was also fine. Only problem was I would have liked it to have air con as when opening the window the smell from the Italian next door was not to pleasant. Rik's cafe was fantastic. Great breakfast and great wine! When we checked out i couldn't believe it when we were told to make full use of the cafe until we had to get the flight. We were also told that if we had a late flight the make sure we came back for the wine and cheese later, even though we were checked out! They were truly amazing. Cant fault anything, location, cleanliness, friendliness, food, everything was great. Try Tony's next door for the best Italian food ever (and apple martinis!) Jimmy's Cornor around the block is an experience. A dive but a fantastic dive! Owned by a professional boxer who serves behind the bar this place has so much atmosphere. Want to meet true New Yorkers well here is the place to go. Also try St. Andrews 2 doors up.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DJR50
<Content>The Casablanca is fantastic We stayed in the Casablanca Hotel for three days in November, As I was with a friend, we booked a suite, with a fabulous bedroom and lounge with a sofa bed. I noticed other reviewers mentioning the rooms are on the small side, but our suite certainly wasn't. The staff are fantastic - so friendly and helpful. The breakfast and wine evenings in the beautiful lounge are a real added bonus, and the delicious fresh coffee available 24 hours was very welcome!. The hotel is a very high standard, we couldn't find a single thing wrong - the standard of the decor and general cleanliness is the highest I've ever experienced - and I include some much more expensive chain hotels. Everything about the Casablanca was perfect, the location, the decor, the staff, the breakfast. I will definitely stay there again - in fact anything less than this would be a disappointment now.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Djh_Wilson
<Content>Best hotel I've ever stayed in I picked the Hotel Casablanca based on the recommendations of others on TripAdvisor, and we were not disappointed. The location is good; the staff are extremely friendly and helpful; the rooms are a reasonable size, very clean, well equipped, and very peaceful in spite of the bustling location; and the breakfast was delicious (continental, but so much better than you normally come to expect from such a term!). Best of all, though, was the feeling of tranquility: after a busy day on the town, we could return to this oasis of calm, enjoy some (delicious) hazelnut coffee and buns, then head back to the room to freshen up before coming down later for cheese and prosecco with the sound of piano music in the background.OK, so it isn't exactly cheap. But nowhere in New York is. And we have stayed in expensive luxury hotels before and felt mightily ripped off. Not so this time- we will definitely be back to Casablanca!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>luvs2travelmel
<Content>Great Stay! We stayed for our Second Honeymoon, the first week of August. We loved this hotel. The staff was very friendly to us. (We did stay a week) We were on the fourth floor, corner room main window facing the street. It did get noisy from the construction across the street, but did not bother us as we were exhausted from walking the city. We were a bit annoyed by the one tiny window in the bathroom facing a courtyard in between the various restaraunts around - every morning it smelled like greasy meat. Room was large enough for two, not quite enough drawer space, but we are heavy packers. The second floor food display was convenient and the computer was very helpful to plan our outings. A little too close to times square for our tastes, but if you want a nice quiet place in the middle of the Times Square madness - this is the place for you.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>purcfin
<Content>An oasis within the hustle and bustle Stayed a couple nights in early November, also based on reviews on TripAdvisor. Would recommend travelers consider using Newark and taking train into Penn Station--from there a relatively short walk or subway ride to hotel and at $15/person cheaper and maybe faster than cab. Casablanca was convenient for my purposes with the subway very close and some destinations within walking distance. Room rate was fair based on the competition and it is NYC. I echo an earlier comment that they really need a guest-accessable ice machine. Also I would recommend they suggest a 15-30 minute time limit on the public computer, as guests would spend an hour or two at a time on the system. I found it unusual they don't have customer feedback cards or forms. Good BBQ close at Spanky's, and many deli locations in the area. Will probably stay again for our next trip.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>Midal
<Content>Saved the best to last For the last three nights of our 'almost three weeks' visiting New England and beyond we arrived at the Casablanca Hotel and were immediately impressed with the courtesy and helpfulness of the staff members. Although all of our 'accommodations' had been good, we definitely saved the best to last.The hotel is situated right on Times Square so we were able to easily access all the sights of New York but fortunately we were not bothered by much noise.The lounge for breakfast and snacks all day was a lovely bonus.Our room was very comfortable and all of the public parts of the hotel were clean and welcoming.We will definitely return if we are able to visit New York again.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BristolTookie
<Content>Good experience Got back this morning from a 12-day trip to the States, with 3 nights at the Casablanca, having picked it from Trip Adviser. I did miss the big bustling lobby of a larger hotel, but quickly came to realise it is a real find. The room was not huge, but we knew that from the other reviews, but was very clean. Excellent bathroom with good quality toiletries. Loved Rick's Cafe. Made such a difference to be able to get refreshment whenever you wanted it and we met some very interesting people and were able to swap experiences and suggestions. As everyone mentioned, the staff made huge efforts to be helpful. When we were leaving the Hotel, they were filming outside and the road was blocked, so two of the staff came to the corner of 43rd and Broadway with us and waited 10 mins until our car came to make sure we got off safely. Can't imagine that happening everywhere! We followed their suggestion of booking a car to Newark - 99 dollars all in including tolls, tip etc. Much easier than wondering what a regular taxi driver is going to charge (no set fee for Newark). Our car was large, comfortable and speedy. Worth the extra for a more luxurious end to a holiday. Ask for Vern of MLC Luxury Limousine Service. He was polite and entertaining!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travelaholic-Sally
<Content>Cool Casablanca We stayed at the Casablanca for five nights recently and cannot rate it highly enough. What a great location! It is literally around the corner from Times Square/Broadway, right in the hub of things, yet our room towards the rear of the hotel was really quiet and peaceful.Everything about this boutique hotel is first class from the buffet style breakfast in Ricks Bar to the cheese and wine reception each evening. Rooms are quite roomy by New York standards and are beautifully decorated in warm, North African tones. Staff are all very helpful and friendly and will book restaurants etc for you if needed. If you are looking for a 5 star quality boutique hotel in New York then I would definately recommend the Casablanca.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>monkeypony
<Content>A fantastic hotel I can only echo what others have said. This is a great hotel in an ideal location with helpful friendly staff. A glass (or 2) of wine atthe end of a days wandering around the city was really something to look forward too. It is definately a hotel I would recommend and one we hope to return to.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RFonts
<Content>Hard to fault Just got back from a long weekend in NY and stayed here. I booked this hotel in March based mainly on the reviews on this website and I have to say they were spot on. The location was perfect, not more than 100yds from Time Square. The service was top draw. Without exception staff were very helpful and friendly. We had a Queen size room which although not large was adequate for our needs, very clean and well decorated. And contra to one recent review I read just before going , was very quiet. The complimentary continental breakfast was good and we loved the cheese and wine between 5 and 8pm. Very nice touch, especially as they won't slow in refilling your glass as many times as you liked :-)I would say if you like the atmosphere of a big hotel this may not be the place for you but I personally couldn't fault it and think you'll behard pressed to better it for service anyway. Thanks!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sanpete
<Content>Fabulous atmosphere! We have just returned from our first trip to NY and found all the staff at the Casablanca Hotel very helpful and friendly. The hotel was extremely clean and had a wonderful atmosphere, which made our visit so memorable. We found Rick's Bar relaxing at the end of a busy day, and it was great to talk to different people staying at the hotel while relaxing over a glass (or two!) of wine.The hotel is situated so close to Times Square that it makes exploring and visiting all the major attractions so easy!We have just had a great 6 days at the hotel and would certainly recommend it to anyone going to New York. We can't wait to return!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JayneyLady
<Content>The standard ALL hotels should aspire to.....       Very comfortable 6' (US King/UK Super-king) bed  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JanLee69
<Content>A wonderful hotel WOW what can we say, the hotel is fantastic, the location is fantastic (just off Times Square)  the staff are fantastic! We only had 3 nights in this lovely hotel I just wish we could have stayed longer. We're definately staying there again when we go back to NYC. The hotel is spotlessly clean  we had a free room upgrade (which was gorgeous) The staff were so courteous and friendly, nothing was too much trouble. We can definately recommend the complementry cheese  wine every evening before heading out to paint the city red, white  blue. We had a fantastic stay thank you Casablanca.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tashy1019
<Content>I love the Casablanca I just stayed at the Casablanca while I was married in New York. A bunch of other people from our party booked there as well -- my sister, my parents, some of my husband's groomsmen, some cousins, some friends from England. We had an absolutely fantastic experience. The service is to dream of; everyone was so nice. We used the hotel lobby, with its wonderful snacks and wine nights, as a convenient meet-up spot for everyone not staying at the hotel, and were overall treated like visiting royalty. It's an expensive property, but within the price range to be expected around Times Square, and I thought it was just beautiful, wonderful, clean, overall ridiculously good. As we checked out, the staff joked that they wanted us to stay forever, and not to forget to come back for our anniversaries ... and we won't! :)  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mike1957_7
<Content>We love the Casablanca It was my wife's 50th birthday and she wanted to go to New York, her favorite place in the world. We chose the Casablanca mainly on the strength of Tripadvisor reviews and also the fact it is at Times Square, the centre of the universe! Our third visit to the big apple but our first time in a small boutique hotel but we absolutely loved it. The room was adequate size and spotless with good air-con (essential). The staff were excellent from the front desk to the domestic staff. The daily cheese  wine were such a bonus after a busy day in the city and was the perfect way to wind down and relax. Breakfast  24 hr coffee on tap were also a great bonus. We spent two weeks this time in New York  loved every minute of it. We can't wait to go back again  would not hesitate returning to the Casablanca.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mike250559
<Content>Good but not my no 1! We booked the Casablanca on the strength of the reviews on Trip Advisor. We booked the Super Deluxe room . We arrive d late after an afternoon flight from the UK. Our room was at the front of the Hotel ,seemed incredibly small and very noisy-we mentioned to the front desk on our way out to a late dinner and they suggested we closed the window in front of the air conditioning unit! We realised on our return from Dinner that The Casablanca is surrounded by a huge construction site- we suffered this later as our sleep was constantly interrupted by the sound of trucks reversing into the construction site.. We spoke to the front desk the next morning and they agreed to move us to the back of the Hotel. A quieter room(altho the Air Con still very noisy) but no bigger and the bed squishy with cheap linen.The big positives are the really friendly staff and Ricks Cafe where you can grab a simple Breakfast or return after a hards days sightseeing for Coffee/Tea and Cookies or the highlight of the day -Cheese and Wine from 5.00pm to 8.00pm.Not enough though to make me return to The Casablanca on our next trip.Have to mention the fantastic experience we had flying Silverjet from the UK to Newark-the service far exceeds anything ever experienced on BA Club Class or Virgin Upper Class. The best airline food ever! I only ever want to fly Silverjet in the future -shame they only go to New York and Dubai.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Brian Thomas
<Content>If ya gotta stay in Times Square I had a friend coming in from Australia and he wanted to stay in Times Square so we grabbed a fairly nice rate in the Casablanca ($299). There is basically no lobby on the first floor, but who wants one on Times Square? The rooms are variable in size, and all have ceiling fans and Morrocan style furnishings. I like the ease of the window air conditioners and enjoyed a quiet room on the airshaft with windows I could open with no issues. Rick's is the breakfast and drinks room on the second floor and it is comfortable and friendly with flat screen TV's and free wine and beer each afternoon. The best thing about the place is the staff. They are always available, helpful, and pleasant. They all speak English and seem to enjoy their jobs. The guys at the desk helped us get limos and got us a room for part of day so we could check out in the evening.There is a Disney-esque feel to the place, but the staff and quirky rooms make it feel authentic. It is literally steps from Times Square but an oasis of calm.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>plt67
<Content>Great place, everything we hoped for! What can I say? Everything you read from the comments made here over the last number of months is true. It's a great place to stay, the staff are helpful and pleasant beyond what you would expect in NY. Go and try it - you won't be disappointed!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cecomp76
<Content>Great Value - Hope to Come Back       Entrance to Hotel  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	3	5	

<Author>sml828
<Content>Amazing Service  From start to finish, our stay at the Casablanca Hotel was outstanding! The room was good size by New York standards, with a large bathroom too. Everything was clean and comfortable. The staff was amazing! The service was on par with hotels like the Four Seasons, if not better! The location was excellent, right in the heart of Times Square, yet when you're in the hotel it's so quiet and peaceful you'd never know it. The nightly wine and champagne reception is a great bonus too. I can't recommend this hotel enough!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>j-vin
<Content>What more can I say............. There seems little point in my repeating everything good that has been said about this hotel ...............so just to say ........I'TS FABULOUS - A REAL FIND IN THE MIDDLE OF THE CHAOS OF TIMES SQUARE!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>westwoodirene
<Content>One of the best hotel I've ever stayed in       Ricks Bar  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>samoanfan
<Content>Best Service We stayed here last week and as I'm sure you know and are expecting in the price range in New York City the room was small. But the service was excellent, the location, price and breakfast/cocktail hours were lovely! The staff was cheerful and helpful from the first minute, I was carrying a 12 pack of Diet Coke and asked how best to keep it cold and they BROUGHT AN EXTRA FRIDGE to our room. There is a mini bar in the room but it's the type that charges you when something is removed, so it wouldn't have worked, this was much better and way above and beyond the call. They gave us subway directions everywhere, got our cab, told us deelish places to eat (every place we ate was their recommendation and we never had a bad meal). They loaned us an umbrella, help us plan our itin. and were so nice. The breakfast and cocktail hours were lovely, they were well staffed and the food and drink was good. The rooms and the public areas were clean. The room was petite but the bed was cozy, and the public area at Ricks Cafe was great to hang out and read. Plenty of seating, and little snacks. The guests were very courteous to each other and the one computer in the public area became available regularly, I never had to wait to use it.  Our room was quiet, we were in the back. we were also running the AC unit. But it was just fine. The location couldn't be better. We loved this place for the service, it is not fancy. The SERVICE WAS FANTASTIC!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PoppyPortsmouth
<Content>Just Perfect What a fantastic stay. The Casablanca was just Perfect. Wonderful staff, very knowledgeable and friendly. Everywhere was so clean and Rick's Bar was an oasis.The front desk staff answered all our questions and gave us some great recommendations.Location couldn't be better, only yards away from Time Square.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>citydetective
<Content>The place to stay A fantastic hotel in a superb location . The staff were friendly , helpful and were always willing to have a chat with us. This hotel had everything we needed and the wine and cheese , coffee freely available was a great touch especially after a day out in the city. The hotel facilities were equal to that of a 5 star , but at the same time was never overcrowded. This really played an important part in our enjoyment in New York and I will reccommend this to anyone who is going there on holiday .I would certainly return there next time I visit New York.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Saltspringsgirl
<Content>Outstanding hotel We loved the location  the staff was great. They went out of their way to be friendly  helpful. Delightful breakfast  wine  cheese hour. My husband was thrilled to have the internet available. We look forward to staying there next time we are in New York.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>doirecormac
<Content>An oasis in the madness of Times Square An excellent hotel which is located right in the centre of Manhattan - it's on Times Square so you can't get more central than that ! The hotel is clean and cosy and the staff are excellent - friendly and knowledgeable about the surroundings, transport and NY in general. The complimentary breakfast is a bonus which sets you up for the day just as the complimentary wine, cheese and crackers in the evening helps you to relax after a day on the town before you re-enter the nighttime part of your stay. I couldn't recommend this hotel enough which is just as well as I intend to return again soon !  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tenorman2
<Content>Very Hard to Beat Great location - steps away from Times Square and the subway. We had a room facing the interior of the building (not a good view), but it was totally insulated from the noise outside.Room was very functional - comfortable bed, robes, and good wireless connection. Housekeeping was first-rate (efficient and unobtrusive). If you're into watching TV, you might be less than happy with the reception or the TV itself, but this wasn't a big deal for us.The second floor lounge is a great feature - open all day with beverages and snacks. This is a nice gathering spot for the continental breakfast in the morning and the wine  cheese reception each evening.Biggest plus is the staff. They are great. Always willing to help, and always with a great attitude. Haven't experienced anything like this from any hotel in quite some time. We certainly plan to stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>NewYorkerIreland
<Content>Great Hotel  We arrived at the hotel in September after a long flight,.I had mailed the hotel for early check in, which they were able to provide .The hotel itself is situated just off time square,could not be closer! Tony's Italian restraunt is situated next door,along with a parking lot.On arriving at the hotel the reception, is small,the guys on reception are very helpful.There is 6 floors on the hotel,There is 2 lifts in the Hotel,they are quite onld  can be slow at times,giving a shake before you arrive at the your floor.There is a mini bar in each room.There is know public bar in the hotel.There is a smoking terrace area located on the 2nd floorOn the 2nd floor of the hotel there is a very relaxing seating area with TV/free internet accessThis is the area also where free continental breakfast is served daily.Also available on this floor is free tea/coffee/fruit  cookies served daily  also served each evening is free wine/champagne with cheese from 5pm-7pm each day.Overall I really enjoyed the Hotel for a place to relax which is also within easy access to everything.I would recommend this hotel  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MUNKER
<Content>Must stay hotel NY We stayed for a couple of nights at this hotel. Right in the heart of Times Square. As a previous review had said the rooms were small but immaculately clean, well serviced and quite. A little local knowledge ask for a room at the back - no noise from the street, unlike other hotels we had stayed at previously.The staff were very helpful, had immpecable manners and worked with good nature.The glass of wine provided in the lounge, or two or three, if you stayed the full 3 hours it was on offer was very welcome. Crackers, cheese and grapes also complimented the choice of red, white or fizzy wine. Oh and there was coffee and tea and cookies available 24hrs.We will stay here again and have no hesitation in recommending this hotel.KR  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>azzy1999
<Content>Great little hotel This hotel was very quaint and the service is outstanding. The front desk staff had answers to every question we had about the city.We enjoyed being able to grab breakfast very quickly each morning, not a lot of variety but it was included in the room cost, a nice value add.Rooms are small but clean and a bit noisy with the window air conditioner. Room service is available from the Italian restaurant next door- great food and quick service, even on a Saturday night. They post the charge to your room.Great loccation. Within walking distance to the theater, the museums and of course Times Square.I would definely recommend this hotel to a traveler looking for a boutique hotel experience.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nrfaris
<Content>Good Experience The number one ranking on tripadvisor might be a little misleading. It's not the greatest hotel in New York. BUT, for cost and location, it is a great hotel in which to stay. My wife loved the sheets, and I admit, they are pretty comfortable. The rooms aren't the biggest, but they're not cramped either. The DVD player is a nice amenity as well. The best part of our stay was the breakfast in the morning and the cheese and wine time in the evening. That is nice to have as part of the cost. For those travelers who plan on being busy and won't be spending much time in the hotel, you may want to stay somewhere cheaper, because this hotel is best for those who plan on taking it easy and enjoying the experience of staying in a nice hotel more than the experience of being in the city. We had no problems with the staff. They were all helpful and friendly. They held our bags until check-in, hailed a cab to the airport, etc. I would not feel bad recommending this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>PenManchesterUK
<Content>What a brilliant location. Have just returned from our first trip to New York and stayed at the Casablanca on a friend's recommendation. It was all she said about it and more. A fantastic location steps from Times Square and yet once inside the hotel all the hustle and bustle seemed miles away. The staff were extremely attentive and friendly and nothing was too much trouble. The breakfast being included was a big plus and so too were the coffee and pastries available throughout the day. The room although on the small size was beautifully clean and comfy. We shall certainly recommend this hotel to anyone we know thinking of taking a trip to Manhattan.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Abercarnies
<Content>Absolutely loved the Casablanca Home away from home wonderful stay at the Casablanca. Great staff - very friendly, had free breakfast and wine and cheese everyday as well as free internet access. Room was clean and cosy and couldn't get a better location.Would recommend to any friends and family as we loved it soo much. We were on our honeymoon so wanted resonable luxury without going over the budget and the casablanca gave us this. Can't wait to go back!!!!!!!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>DELondon
<Content>An oasis but a bit claustrophobic This was a first time in NYC. We dithered about hotels - in or out of Manhattan, big or small, gym or no gym, etc. - but plumped for the Casablanca on the basis of TripAdvisor reviews. First off, we were really impressed by reception staff (Nick in particular) - both from e-mails prior to arriving and whilst there - the big chains could learn a lot from this attention to detail. We'd expected the room to be smallish, and it was, although we had been upgraded to a 'deluxe king'. But given the proximity to Times Square, there's always going to be a trade-off between size, quietness, view, and so on. Our room was facing the inside of the hotel, so the view was down to the small patio of Rick's Cafe. This meant that there was no view to speak of and it was rather dark. If one was staying there for just a few days that'd be fine, but after six days, it did start getting a bit claustrophobic. That said, the room was scrupulously clean and the bed was very comfortable. Breakfast was served in Rick's Cafe on the 1st floor. This was a European-style continental breakfast, with a reasonable variety but unvarying from day to day and a lot of competition for a limited number of tables. Rick's Cafe also offers complimentary wine and cheese from 5 - 8 pm every evening. This was a real bonus and just what was needed before venturing out into the noise and chaos of Times Square for an evening meal. The Casablanca also offers a free gym pass to the New York Sports Club, which is on 42nd street and proved to be just what we needed to work off the calories of the Casablanca freebies.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Paulinebotting
<Content>Just a great hotel Having just returned from a four night stay at the Casablanca we felt, we had to give an excellant review on this hotel it was all and more of what has been written before. In our view a real gem, it is not often you can say that about a hotel, so if you are planning a visit to New York and want a good hotel, look no further this is the best. Dont just take our word for it, book it and you wont be dissapointed.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MLinSeattle
<Content>Another great stay This was our second stay at the Casablanca Hotel. It's located just steps from Times Square.Pluses:1. Location - one half block off Broadway, but very quiet.2. Size of Hotel - It's an intimate hotel rather than one of the mega chains. No crowds, no waiting in line to check in, ask a question or check out.3. Friendly helpful staff - Whether you need directions, a restaurant recomendation or just to chat. You can tell they like working there.4. Rick's Cafe - It's not really a cafe, more of an extremely large living room/dining area. A light breakfast and wine and cheese in the afternoon are included. Coffee, iced tea and cookies all day long.5. Free WIFI and free internet on their computer at Rick's.Minus:1. Small bathrooms in this older building. A small compromise for a great place to stay.We will definitely return.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Twogirls_7
<Content>Casablanca rules We have just returned from a weekend in New York. We stayed at the Casablanca and were really impressed. The staff were amazingly helpful and friendly and made us feel really welcome. Room was a good size for a city hotel and was very clean. The bed was incredibly comfortable. The lounge with the buffet breakfast and cheese and wine was a great addition. Location was fab, just a few steps from Times Square, what more can i say! Overall would definitely recommend and certainly hope to go back.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yogibb
<Content>Beautiful little hotel Wonderful little hotel 1/2 block off of TIme Square in the middle of everything. The hotel is truly an oasis from the chaos of Times Square. The room size was considerably larger than most NY rooms. Extremely clean and also had a very large bathroom (two people could fit comfortably at the same time). The breakfast which was included in the rate was a variety of continental items. They also always had ice tea, cookies and the capuccino machine to use. In the PM, they had wine and cheese. We have stayed in NY many times and this hotel was the best yet. Saw that it was rated #1 by users on this site and took a chance. Extremely pleased!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>grannykat
<Content>A Great Place to Stay in New York City I had read many reviews on Tripadvisor before selecting the Casablanca for our New York visit. How could one not at least try the number one rated hotel in NYC at least once? We stayed six nights and were delighted that so many of the good things said about this property were really true. The staff is excellent, the location ideal (though we don't love Times Square), the rooms clean and tastefully decorated, though of course on the small size, the bathrooms gigantic by NY standards, and the breakfasts delightful. The bathrooms also have great shelf space for all the toiletries etc. that we always travel with. We also appreciated being able to come back at any time of day or evening and go to the second floor lounge for cold or hot drinks, cookies and fruit. We only got to the wine and cheese on Friday evening and thoroughly enjoyed it. The piano music was a very special treat. We really appreciated the internet connection in our room as we travel with a portable computer. We did suggest to the hotel that they replace their outdated tv's with flat screened ones. We also asked that they NOT increase their room rates...doubt if we will have that request honored! We have put the Casablance at the top of our list of places to stay when visiting NY.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Norwegianguy81
<Content>A brilliant hotel for first time vistors! Just got back from a 4 nights stay at Casablanca Hotel. The location is excellent, just a few steps away from Times Square and yet a quiet spot in the big city. We booked a standard room, but was upgraded to a room with Queen size bed. Very pleasant and a nice gesture by the hotel!The staff was always very helpfull and made sure that everything was ok during our stay. Great complimentary breakfast and the wine/cheese in the evening was a nice way to get a break after a full day of tourist activities! The housekeeping service was excellent and the room was always spotless and clean.Compared with earlier stays at hotels in a lot of European cities like Paris, London, Warsaw, Stockholm, Brussels +++, Casablanca Hotel in NYC is yet the best experience!Highly recommended for first time visitors in all ages. The location and the staff are top class!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fedj
<Content>WOW! A cool Oassis in busy Time Square! I first found this hotel on Trip Advisor. Booked it for the Labour-Day wekeend, based on all the positive reviews. They were right-on!! From the moment we arrived, we knew that the Hotel Casablanca in Times Square was different than the rest. Smaller, a boutique feel to it, the service and smiling faces of the staff was sincere and constant. If you ever needed directions, sight-seeing recommendations...anything, they were all very keen and pleased to help. The included breakfasts plus Wine  Cheese at night were refreshing and well presented in a cosy lounge area that had a Pianist playing in the evenings. Inside, it was cool, quiet and peaceful, including the room which was not huge but clean and well appointed / decorated. What a respite from the hot pavement below, as the hotel is only about a 30 second walk to the bustle of Times Square. An added bonus: Tony's Restaurant next door. Fresh, amazing, delicious food, big family-style servings.. (too much sometimes) with the best service thrown in to seal the deal! This was our restaurant of choice on the trip!! If you like great service, friendly staff and the calm of a quiet, smaller designer hotel in one of New York's best locations, I highly recommend The Casablanca Hotel. Well done you guys!!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LondonBrownOwl
<Content>Great choice I went to NY for the first time in August and wanted to stay somewhere central. I read so many reviews etc and checked so mny prices! the casablanca came up best in terms of price for what you get. I paid around $275 pl tax per night and for this time of year it was reasonable. The room was fine, I was not unhappy to be there but it was possibly a little older than what i thought (or maybe because i stayed the first 4 nights at the modern Bryant Park). Anyway, its true the staff are all very friendly and helpful, they did their best. The wine/cheese afternoon thing is really great, and i enjoyed being able to have a glass of wine before getting ready for whatever i was doing that night. I think it is a great options for families and couples, but hey i travelled on my own and also enjoyed this hotel, it just depends what u are looking for. By the way there was a big storm when i was there and i didnt hear a thing, nor any other outside noise. Air con was a bit noisy so i had to switch it off and use the room fan which was cool enough to sleep. Overall it is a great hotel and i had a wonderful experience but i think the best part is value for money.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	5	4	5	

<Author>JayneWright
<Content>Wonderful experience!! I booked my stay at the Casablanca having read the good reviews on Tripadvisor and was not disappointed! This hotel really is a hidden gem, just steps away from Times Square, the Casablanca has some of the best and most helpful staff that I have experienced in over 25 years of travel. The complimentary buffet breakfast really filled up the energy tanks whilst the cheese and wine from 5 p.m. until 8 p.m. was a great tonic after spending the day treading the streets as a tourist! As for a family hotel? well I would have said that this hotel is generally not for kids however my three, 14yrs and twins of 11yrs absolutely adored the place and the staff - so perhaps I am wrong here!!Finally, having just finished three weeks of a family holiday starting in San Francisco, down Route 1 to Santa Monica, over to Las Vegas and finishing in New York, the vote as to our best hotel was overwhelmingly the Casablanca!! I would not hesitate to recommend this Hotel and their wonderful staff to anybody visiting the City!!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mrsgWirral
<Content>Casablance lived up to expectations This site helped me home in on the right hotel for New York. The Casablanca is excellent. Really good room very helpful staff provided good advice about everything we asked from best shows to places to eat. We were upgraded to a king and it was one of the nicest rooms we have stayed in for a large city. Location was excellent just off times square but still quite. The hotel is small with a nice communal area where you can have breakfast and complimentary wine in the evening. The Italian adjacent is really good and bar BXL has good belgium beer. A recommendation to friends and colleagues.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jorgemb
<Content>Loved it but rooms are very small. Extremely friendly staff and immaculate rooms. Continental breakfast was above average and lounge area was very well maintained. Wine tasting was very refreshing. Suggestions from staff were very helpful. The main limitation was the size of the room. If you are uncomfortable with small spaces (the room was approximately 11' by 16) this is not the place for you. On the other hand the location was excellent and I am told that most NY hotels have very small rooms. The restaurant next door, Tony's, was very good. One portion for two is more than enough.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TripAdvFan
<Content>They messed up our add-ons, but apologized I'm writing this to help other TripAdvisor users, not to grind any particular ax. I recommend not ordering any additional items through the hotel's website, or if you do, call ahead to make sure they are following through.My wife and I were staying at the Casablanca for our tenth wedding anniversary, which the hotel knew. When I booked our stay, I ordered (as a surprise to my wife) add-ons that the hotel offers on its website: a bottle of champagne, a bottle of red wine, and flowers to be waiting in our room for our arrival. The total price of the add-ons was about $150.The items were a no-show. They apologized when I pointed out the omission, and offered to make the champagne complimentary and deliver the flowers the next day.We ended up cancelling our stay, so I won't comment on the hotel other than to say that everything else seemed very nice, the location is fantastic for Times Square access, and the staff and management were genuinely upset that they had made the mistake, apologizing many times. They tried to make it right, and graciously agreed to cancel our reservation.I believe that the Casablanca hotel probably deserves all the great reviews it gets on TripAdvisor and I don't discourage anyone from booking this hotel (except the add-ons). MY overall experience was unquestionably Terrible but I can easily see why everyone else has liked it. I hope relating my experience is helpful to you, the TripAdvisor user, if you're considering the add-ons.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>1	3	-1	5	5	5	1	-1	

<Author>shintyboo
<Content>would definately reccommend A fantastic hotel in a great area, surprisingly quiet considering. Helpful, knoweledgable staff and a fantastic complimentary breakfast.Would definately recommend this hotel and if another trip to NYC is imminent this is where i would stay.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Love_NYC_7
<Content>Best Hotel in NYC This was my 2nd stay at the Casablanca in as many years. I wouldn't even consider staying at another hotel in NYC. The service is outstanding. This being a smaller hotel makes the whole experience even that much better as the you have a personal relationship with the staff. They are very helpful in every way. It is hard to say what the best part of the hotel is as everything about it couldn't be more perfect. The location is great too. You walk out of the hotel, turn right, and go 20 steps and you are in the heart of Times Square.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ingrani
<Content>Loved the Casablanca Just back from a 5 night stay at the Casablanca. It was very clean and quiet even though our room was right next to the lift and the hotel is just around the corner from Times Square. The complementary buffet breakfast was good. I would recommend it to my friends.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Gavinman
<Content>Great inexpensive hotel in the heart of Times Square. Great for the price. We stayed there for a one night getaway to NYC. We used to go to NYC a few times a year and haven't been in a while. Hotel rates have shot up since the last time we went and many of the nicer hotels are now $500 and $600 a night. We just couldn't justify spending that much this time. We saw the reviews of the Casablanca and decided to try it. Excellent location, great staff. We liked the breakfast, wine, and coffee throughout the day. The rooms are a little small compared to some of the higher priced hotels but again you鈥檙e saving $150 to $200 bucks a night and you can't beat the location. It reminds me of a European type hotel. The staff was always friendly and chatty. I would stay there again.I wanted to try the cookies since it mentioned something on their website about the chocolate chip cookies. They seemed like Chips-ahoy cookies, nothing special. They had those and Oreos out all day. That's probably the difference between a $300 and $600 hotel.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lucylee123
<Content>Wonderful for familys or couples! I can't say enough good things about this hotel!Location is fantastic. Staff is amazing. Complementaries are a treat. Rooms are perfect size. Feels like home!!I think what really stood out to us was the friendly staff. My husband and I traveled with out 3 YO daughter and it was a delight. We often bring her when we travel so she is very good and a pleasure for us. The staff welcomed her with open arms. We borrowed a DVD from their library for our daughter and she LOVED that! By the end of our stay she was giving the bellman a big hug like she's know him for years!! Where else can you get this kind of service!!  We stayed at the hotel for 4 days. New York City is such fun anyway, but The Casablanca really took it to another level!!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Scoon
<Content>You will leave happy My wife and I live 45 minutes north of NYC city and love going to Broadway shows, having dinner and sleeping over for special occasions. We have stayed in numerous hotels over the years and have finally found OUR FAVORITE!! You will not be disappointed with all the offerings in the lounge. We will be there again soon!!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wendy972
<Content>We loved it! My family and I stayed at the Casablanca for 7 nights in July and loved every minute of our stay. I had previously booked the W Hotel in Times Square and cancelled it the last minute and booked the Casablanca due to bad reviews of the W Hotel on tripadvisor. Our kids loved the great location and the front desk clerk Nick was sooo nice and accomodating we asked about him every time we entered the hotel! They had free movies for the kids, cookies, wine and cheese for us and the best iced tea ever!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Willingham_wanderer
<Content>Wonderful place! What can I say about the Casablanca? We booked this hotel because of the good reviews on this site and we weren't disappointed. The location is excellent, right next to Times Square. The hotel itself is beautifully appointed and very welcoming. We are a family with 3 older teenagers and they loved it too. I don't think the hotel would particuarly suit young children but for older families and couples etc. it is excellent.We particularly enjoyed the cheese and wine time 5- 8pm! Couldn't have been better.If possible ask for a room at the rear because here we slept soundly. However when we returned for one night and stayed at the front of the hotel the street noise was quite disturbing especially when we are use to a very quiet country lane at home.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KasabianFan
<Content>Great Location Great location........... very friendly staff................ homely atmosphere. Would recommend this hotel to a friend.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DerbySarah
<Content>Location ! Location! Location! We stayed at the Casablaca for 3 nights on our first visit to New York. The hotel is in a prime location just off Times Square. Our room, although on the small side was very clean, very comfortable and had everything we needed. We were at the back overlooking the patio area so it was relatively quiet. The staff were all helpful and welcoming. The breakfasts - help yourself buffet - were eaten in Rick's cafe with a good selection of cereals, fruit, pastries etc. There was also 24 hour access to coffee/tea here plus free use of internet. We particulary enjoyed the cheese and wine events. They were a good oppportunity to return after a day's sightseeing and meet other guests before going out to explore the city at night. We would recommend this small boutique hotel highly and certainly use it again if we revisited New York.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>anmh
<Content>Loved the Casablanca Hotel The Casablanca Hotel visit was by far the most wonderful experience we had had in a hotel. From the moment you enter into the front door, you are greeted so pleasantly, the front desk is so very helpful, always helping with directions, reservations, any requests....The breakfast and 24/7 refreshments in a beautifully decorated, and extremely clean cafe was such a plus.Our train did not leave till 4:00, check out time was 12:00, they took our luggage, stored our luggage, and told us we could relax in the lounge till we had to leave. I would very highly recommend this hotel, it is most certainly an oaisis in the heart of times square.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>genmgr01
<Content>Casablanca couldn't be nicer! I adored the Casablanca, and can't wait to go back. The staff could not have been more helpful, and the location is PERFECT for sightseeing and shows. The folks at the front desk always greeted me by name and were always eager to assist me. I am going back next April, and will definitely be staying in the Casablanca.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>newyorkteam
<Content>Wonderful staff!!!! My husband and I stayed at the Casablanca for 4 nights and I can't say enough about how wonderful the staff was!!! They went out of their way to make our stay pleasurable and comfortable! They were extremely helpful with directions, restaurants and various things to do and see! Always a smile, never felt like we were a bother to them. Since my husband was celebrating his 50th birthday, they also had a bottle of champaigne in our room upon arrival - very cool!!! The location of the hotel is prime! So close to everything. We also loved the fact we had a continental breakfast each day and loved the opportunity to unwind with wine and cheese each evening. I can't say enough about how welcomed we felt throughout the ENTIRE stay! It was like leaving family when we finally had to go home....  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Morto
<Content>Casablanca - 16th - 21st July My wife and I arrived at the Casablanca after a nightmare BA flight and our hearts lifted at the warm welcome we received. You could walk past the hotel and not notice it was there as it is what i'd describe as a boutique hotel. However, the luggage was taken up and we were given room 605. For NY standards, this was a good size room with working air-con and a comfy bed.The contintental breakfast was adequate for the purpose and the croissants, cereals, fruits and tea, coffee were fine. The cheese and wine was a fantastic idea and a great way to relax after hitting the sites, shops etc.It is amazing to think that this hotel is a stones throw away from TImes Square but there was no noise or hassles.As an aside, i wouldn't recommend Tony's restaurent nearby as you couldn't order anything for yourself as portions were for 2-3 people. However, there is a fanstasic Italian - Bella Italia on 43rd Street between 7th and 8th Avenue which does the most amazing salads I've ever had.If returning to NYC would stay here again, but would probably spend more time in SoHo, Greenwich Village etc etc  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Elaine0
<Content>Friendly hotel in fantastic location My friend and I stayed at the Casablanca for 4 nights in June and were amazed at how close to Times Square this hotel was located. Literally a couple of steps around the corner and you are there! The added bonus was that our room overlooked an internal courtyard, which although did not give much of a view, meant that it was completely quiet at night time - even in the city that never sleeps. We had a slight problem with the plumbing in the bathroom, but this was rectified after a couple of dozes with the plunger! I recommend this hotel to anyone who likes to stay in a small hotel and who are looking for a friendly atmosphere in a central location.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Norsee
<Content>Fabulous This hotel really is fabulous. I was booking a trip to New York for my husbands 40th. I spent ages looking at different hotels and their reviews and nothing really jumped out at me. I then found best hotels site on Trip Advisor and gave it ago and i am so glad we did. The hotel is perfectly situated and although its noisey on the outside once inside its quiet and peaceful. All the hotel staff are very friendly and helpful and nothing is too much trouble for them. The breakfast is help yourself with a selection of fruit salads, bagels, cream cheese, hard boiled eggs, and a selections of cereals plus the tea, coffee, juice. After a hard days walking and sight seeing its great to sit down have a glass of wine or 3 and a selection of cheeses and biscuits too what more would you ask for. The room we stayed in ( standard) was not huge but a good size and with TV and DVD player mini bar and a lovley bathroom with robes, soaps shampoos, cotton wool and cotton wool buds they have thought of everything even slippers!Yes i would stay again and am extremely happy to recommend. The price we paid via the net was $249 but there are taxes on that to take into consideration. However a bargin all in all. Tony's restaurant next door is very good and the portions are huge so if you are from the UK share the main course and even the starters are big - ask the waiter just in case and by the way they are really friendly too!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Matkil
<Content>Good but is it really No 1? First let me say that this is a great little hotel, very well placed if you want the hustle and bustle of Times Square, and all the tourist traps that go with it. The room we had was small but no smaller than the last room we had in New York, and still way big enough for us, our cases etc. The room was clean, the bathroom very nice, and the aircon worked, and we heard no noise from outside.The breakfast was really nice, more continental than the traditional fried bacon and eggs, and the cheese and wine was also a nice way to sit and decide where to go and eat. The staff were really very friendly and very helpful - we had a sports company deliver a tennis racquet to the hotel, but it was late and arrived after we had checked out. The front desk had it fed ex'd onto us with no fuss, which was really appreciated. I do agree with the earlier review that all this does not make it absolutely the number 1 in New York - for the price, location and service, it was truly very very good, however there was no real wow factor, which I was sort of expecting given the number and enthusiasm of the previous reviews.Personally, next time I go, I will stay somewhere further downtown, in a quieter area, with less theme restaurants, but if someone asked me to recommend a mid level hotel, near Times Square then this would be my recommendation.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>BCGobeTrotter
<Content>Tucked Away We stayed here for 3 days prior to a Caribbean cruise and had our first taste of New York. Prices for hotels were an eye opener but I guess this is prime real estate. We had a nice vist at this hotel with its complimentary breakfast. Service was good and the room was lovely. They gave us an upgrade as soon as we arrived. The only thing I question is the room cost which is price to equal 4 star hotels such as the Hyatt and equitable hotels. This is a very small hotel with no restaurant and other amenities you would expect in a larger hotel. I don't get their pricing .Other than that, friendly, cosy, just off Times Square.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	2	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Gastropod
<Content>Great hotel in a fantastic location! We stayed at the Casablanca Hotel last week and we can fully concur why it is rated as number one on Tripadvisor!Service was attentive, discreet and efficient. Our rooms were very pleasantly furnished and well equipped. Internet access was supplied for free and every evening they offered complimentary wine and cheese in very convivial surroundings. Just the job after a busy day of retail therapy or tramping around the NY tourist traps.Continental breakfast was also provided, which is unusual for American hotels. This included fruit, cereal, very fresh pastries as well as different types of tea and coffee, plus freshly squeezed orange juice - delicious.The only negative thing was the noise which the window mounted air conditioning units made. It was possible to turn them off and to close them off from the room by closing the inner window. This was okay bearing in mind how noisy New York is as a city. This proved to be a minor inconvenience, rather than a problem.The best bit comes last. This hotel is in a side road, just a few steps away from Times Square. There are a couple of subway stations within a very easy walk so the whole of New York is within very easy reach. This hotel could not be better located.All in all, very good indeed. We now refer to tripadvisor whenever we book a hotel and this one is a real gem! If you can get a reservation, go for it!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NyRudie
<Content>Quiet and Mellow Hard to believe but the Casablanca is a quiet, mellow and peaceful oasis in the middle of Times Square. First trip to NYC. Saw the MoMA, The Top of the Rock, Museum of Photography and Jersey Boys @ the August Wilson Theater....all within walking distance of the Hotel Casablanca! Even with my husband who has mobility problems we easily navigated Times Square. Next time we will venture into the subway. Staff at the hotel was exceptionally nice, Rick's Cafe a plus...cappucino machine is the best, the wine and cheese also very nice touch along with the breakfasts. We will definetely stay here again. Look no further this is the place to stay in NYC.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>masterggg
<Content>Good But Not Great I went to NYC for the KIROV WAGNER RING CYCLE. Taking my wife and 14 year old son in tow; I decided to book the CASABLANCA HOTEL because of the great reviews in TRIP ADVISOR. Well....I wasn't that impressed. Now, I have stayed in at least 20 different hotels in THE BIG APPLE, my favorite city, and can't say that this is the best in the city. Sure the location is great; the service is good, for what it is. There are only a few people on hand to perform the services. Quoating from the movie CASABLANCA...YOU MUST REMEBER THIS!!! THIS IS NOT A FULL SERVICE HOTEL.!!!! It is a small hotel and not at all glamourous. We had a suite and still had no view; which I feel is very important to the overall ambiance of what makes a great hotel. We enjoyed the free breakfast and newspapers in the morning; and we liked having free WI-FI in our room. The suit was OK. Nothing to brag about. Nice shower though. The place was always clean. the front desk does everything in their power to help you in any way they could. There are 2 restaurants on both sides of the hotel; one a diner and the other Italian. Both were great. I tried to get a cab on night 4of the OPERA and couldn't. Maybe it was just the time, 5:30 P.M. but I was almost late. I had to hire one of those rick-shaw drivers on bikes to get me to LINC0LN CENTER on time. He kicked ass to get me there and I just made it to my seat in time. Everybody has their own idea of what a great hotel is. I have vacationed all around the world and know what GREAT is. As I have stated, this is a small hotel; and if you like a nice lobby, you won't get it here. If you like great room service..you won't get it here; wll I say that it is very limited and I say again that they do the best they can with the little staff they have. If you want ambiance...you won't find it here. If you want glitz and glamour...you won't find it here. The suit we stayed in was subjected to a lot of outside noise. I think there was some construction going on, but it didn't hender our sleep. I went down to check out the cheese and wine and thought it was a nice gesture. OK...the bottom line is this...if you like a small hotel with little or no service...then this is it. The location is great, problebly the best thing about the hotel. My wife says that the hotel was good not fair. She didn't like it that there was no ice machine; but could get ice if we called for it. She says that they were accomodating; but no view. She would liked to have had food service in the room. She thought the suite was nice. I had read and read the reviews on TRIP ADVISOR and booked because of the reviews. So I thought I would write this review to try to help others who might want to book this hotel. NUMBER 1 HOTEL? Not by a long shot!!! WORSE HOTEL ON TRIP ADVISORS list? Not by a long shot!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Conk99
<Content>Wow Whenever I see such great reviews on Trip Advisor I think that the hotel employees log in and create their own reviews because a hotel can not be this good. Well this hotel proved me wrong, all I can say is wow. A half block off Times Square this quiet, quaint, boutique hotel certainly delivers. An outgoing and helpful staff, good sized, very clean rooms and the beds are very comfortable with very high thread counts. Then you add in free wine and cheese from 5 p.m. to 8 p.m. every night followed by a free great breakfast every morning, what is not to like? Oh yes, I forgot, the rate, I can not count the times I have stayed in Starwood hotels that are overpriced, dirty, small rooms, and horrible service and paid $150 to $200 more per night than what I paid at the Casablanca. I come to New York City four times a year, and I promise, I will only stay in this hotel going forward.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RevLou
<Content>Everything you could want and more! My wife and I stayed at the Casablanca Hotel from 7/19-23 and we have to add our enthusiastic agreeent to all of the positive reviews on this site! The location in the heart of Times Square cannot be beat; the decor is warm, exotic and inviting; the comfort  amenities provided were above and beyond what we expected; the kindness, courtesy  professionalism of the entire staff were superb. Given its location on Times Square, I have to admit that I was skeptical about the reviews that stated how quiet the hotel is. However, it is totally accurate - once you cross the threshold of the lobby, you are in a quiet  more serene world totally opposite from the outside hustle  bustle of the city! Our queen bed room was cozy and comfortable (loved the bathrobes  slippers!) with one of the most beautiful bathrooms we have every seen. We were also appreciative of the continental breakfasts  evening wine/cheese receptions in Rick's Cafe - as well as the complimentary guest passes to a wonderful exercise club just a couple of blocks away. We are originally from New York City and come back to visit several times a year. We are making it our business to stay at the Casablanca whenever we can in the future!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tobiasx
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous!       TV and bathroom view  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cmd94583
<Content>Stop looking...this is the place! After many near-hits and more misses in NY, we have found our NY hotel for life! If you like boutique hotels and want to be near the action of Times Square, this is the place for you. Clean, convenient, great staff, and wonderful continental breakfast in the guest lounge. Also in the lounge, you'll find a computer with free internet connection, plenty of seating to relax with a book or newspaper, and a self-serve cappuccino machine that puts Starbucks to shame. Our standard room was surprisingly comfortable by NY standards and the noise of Times Square wasn't noticeable at night even though we were at the front side of the hotel. Bonus -- the restaurants on both sides of the hotel are worth eating at. Thanks to all of you who led us in the right direction toward this little gem on 43rd Street.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AZTravellers
<Content>Highly Recommend Casablanca Hotel The Casablanca is everything, and much more, than I expected. The hotel staff was extremely helpful and accomodating with everything from finding our way around to helping with our luggage. The second floor lounge space is a fantastically cozy and homey space and adds a nice touch. The rooms are quite comfortable. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New York and wanting to stay in the Times Square area.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>broadwaytw
<Content>The Casablanca is my favorite hotel in NYC It's small, comfortable and clean with a very friendly, helpful, and often very amusing staff. We look forward to staying there every year.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bprawn
<Content>Amazing stay at the Casablanca I can only add to the glowing reviews of this fantastic boutique hotel. We stayed for 5 nights at the end of June. It was my first time in New York and we couldn鈥檛 have stayed in a better located hotel. I would recommend it heartily to first-timers as you are a very short walk from Times Square.The rooms are nicely decorated. I didn鈥檛 feel that they were small but haven鈥檛 stayed in too many US hotels 鈥?anyway they were of a perfectly adequate size and had just enough closet space for our needs. The bathroom was also nice with a good shower.We were put in a room at the front of the building 鈥?after sleeping off the jet lag I couldn鈥檛 sleep the first night because of the noise from the construction across the street in the front of the building. However the staff couldn鈥檛 have been nicer and moved us the very next day. I would recommend that you ask for an inside room.For the first two nights we didn鈥檛 need to buy breakfast or dinner because we ate plenty in Rick鈥檚 鈥?the breakfast is excellent and the selection of cheese and wine in the evening very good.I cannot speak highly enough of the staff 鈥?from the second you arrive until when you leave you are made to feel very welcome.We will stay at Casablanca again!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PoppyHerts_England
<Content>Smart, comfortable, caring. I think this is the best hotel I've stayed in without doubt.I can't add much to what others have said really, except we had just one complaint which was attended to straight away. Our room had a rather old air conditioning unit in it and when we arrived we were worried we wouldn't be able to sleep. We asked to be moved to another room, but the hotel is so popular there wasn't one available. However the man at reception said he would get it replaced the next day. We turned the unit off the first night and just used the ceiling fan which was adequate. The next day when we returned from sightseeing we found a brand new, much quieter unit had been fitted. It was an example of how responsive the staff are to make your stay as perfect as possible.The hotel, both in the bedroom and in Rick's Cafe, was really comfortable and cosy and smart and spotless. The staff are really friendly and you feel really at home. If I return to New York, and I still have some sights to see so I'm sure I will someday, I won't even look for another hotel, it'll be straight to the Cassablanca for me.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MarciaP
<Content>The Casablanca is a stand out My husband and I recently stayed at the Casablanca and were very impressed with this hotel. The staff were caring and extremely helpful and went to great lengths to see that we were comfortable and our needs met. I have stayed at a number of New York hotels and have met with indifferent service and a lack of concern at them all. However, the Casablanca is different. The staff are all wonderful, the position brilliant, the rooms lovely, breakfast very good and the drinks at 5:00pm a very nice touch. We would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to New York City.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CincinnatiJamie
<Content>The reviews are true ... an oasis amid NYC! After reading all the great reviews, I decided to give Casablanca a try. I was super-picky ... I wanted a great location, a great price AND a nice hotel. Honestly, I got all three with Casablanca. The other places I considered were about $200, so this one was a bit more but we got free breakfast every morning; wine and cheese in the evening; plus there were always cookies and drinks out. And I can't say enough about the atmosphere. The pictures don't lie so check them out. And finally, location. We were literally about 10 steps from the edge of Times Square. Service was excellent ... I could keep going but just book it!!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Appletini_Twist
<Content>Wonderful, Friendly Hotel My daughter and I recently made out first visit to New York.The Casablanca Hotel was a great choice for two girls alone in the big city. The staff was very friendly and as we were greeted each time we returned, it always felt like we were coming home.The location near Times Square is great -- central to everything.Rick's Lounge -- for guests only, and open 24 hours a day -- is a great place to relax and have a cup of espresso. The breakfast (included) had a variety of pastries and other goodies. Plenty of wine and cheese could be had at the wine hour in the evening. Our room was small and opened to an inside lightwell, but was very clean, comfortable, and nicely furnished. Would definitely stay again!!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hashi1
<Content>I will be back to this one!! This Hotel deserves to be at #1 for all the reasons quoted by other travellers. The staff are genuinely friendly, not like the forced saccharine greeting or downright rudeness of many NYC hotels.In contrast to a previous reviewer, I found the bedroom roomy compared to the much smaller, often dirty, rooms I have occupied on my many previous visits to the big apple - staying in the large tourist hotels.The nightly wine and cheese in Rick's is a brilliant idea and allows casual socialising which rarely happens when staying in the big chains.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kitywhisca
<Content>Met and exceeded all our expectations! I stayed at the Casablanca Hotel July 9-12 with my parents. We booked a mini-suite which had a king bed and sleeper sofa. It was the most comfortable sleeper sofa I had ever slept on. The linens were like the 1000 count sheets I have at home and they changed them daily. The A/C units were a bit noisy, but that actually helped to block the street noise at night. Breakfast and the wine/cheese reception each night were wonderful. It was hard to believe how nice ALL of the staff were. Everyone was friendly and helpful, but genuine about it. I was worried that the hotel would not meet my expectations after reading all the reviews here, but it exceeded them!We saw Wicked and Jersey Boys and both were excellent shows. The Strawberry Blond cheesecake from the Brooklyn Diner next to the hotel was out of this world, but the service was snobby and rude there, plus they have sharing charges if you share a meal (even a large pizza!). The atmosphere at Tony's next to the hotel was great. I wish we had eaten there more during our stay.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tourist59
<Content>Silver Wedding Anniversary We have just returned home after the best 8 days of our life staying at the Casablanca Hotel. The whole experience was perfect from day one when a bottle of Champagne to celebrate our anniversary was sent to our room (compliments of the hotel). Everyday we were greeted by extremely pleasant, helpful staff - whether at the door, on the front desk or up in Rick's Cafe. We enjoyed 3 excellent meals at Tony's next door and on our last night we found - SAJU 120 West 44th Street (French Vietnamese cuisine ) - their food was delicious .Of course we did all the usual sight seeing trips as well Check out the Apple Store near Central Park as it is really impressiveOur holiday was everything we could have hoped for and more!!!Thanks again to all at the Casablanca  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jill-Jack
<Content>Just terrific! I, with three other family members, had a family reunion and stayed in this hotel. We had a fantastic 3 night stay! The (genuine) warm welcome at check-in carried on throughout the whole staff. The compact room (not big by American standards, but lovely) met every requirement and the cheese and wine evenings provided a wonderful opportunity to meet and talk with the other guests - something lacking in almost every hotel. We can't wait to have another excuse to return to this 'oasis in Times Square'. I recommend it to everyone I know who is taking a trip over the pond to the Big Apple.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ponc
<Content>Great Stay at the Casablanca My wife and I stayed at the Casablanca for six nights from June 30 to July 6. This hotel has been ranked Number 1 by Tripadvisor among hotels in New York City for the past several months, and we found several reasons supported its lofty ranking.LOCATION - there could not be a better hotel location in New York City. The hotel is a few steps away from the hustle and bustle of Times Square and Broadway and is within a leisurely stroll of Rockefeller Center and Grand Central Station. It is also within two blocks of two subway stations, which provides easy access to the rest of Manhattan as well as to Brooklyn, the Bronx, and Queens. I recommend getting a 7-day MTA subway pass for tourists spending more than a few days in the city - it's a real money saver over taxis, and for the most part, the subway is clean, efficient, and safe.ROOM - we had a queen-bed room, which was clean and well-appointed. The bathroom was nice-sized and immaculate, which is not always the case for a midtown-Manhattan hotel. Although it is located close to the noise of Times Square, the hotel provided an oasis of calm admist the activity. If you can, ask for a room in the back to avoid any noise from construction across the street from the front of the building.SERVICE - as noted by other reviewers, the service was top-notch, with the bellmen, front-desk people, cafe servers, and maids all friendly, knowledgeable, and accommodating. We asked for a small refrigerator when we reserved the room, and one was promptly provided. My wife thought their coffee was superlative, and the complimentary continental breakfast - coffee, juice, water, bagels, croissants, yogurt, pastries, and cereal - provided in the cafe/lounge was a great way to start the day. In addition, the hotel provided complimentary bottles of water every couple days or so during our stay. The computer terminal in the lounge was beneficial to check work e-mail. (They could think about having a sign-in sheet or limiting usage when many people want to use it - the Sofitel has three computer terminals in their lobby).PRICE - although the price is not necessarily inexpensive by smaller cities' standards, for midtown Manhattan, it's a relative bargain. We initially thought about reserving a room at the Sofitel - number 2 on this website - but were able to get a more affordable rate at the Casablanca, which is also in a slightly better location than the Sofitel. For all of these reasons, we recommend the Casablanca highly to anyone looking for a convenient, peaceful place to enjoy the definitive New York City experience.SERVICE  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travlinbrit
<Content>Excellent location and services       Same room (4th floor) showing double bed  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Roark1
<Content>Wonderful Hotel- Highly recommend! My wife and I just celebrated our wedding anniversary in NYC and stayed at the Casablanca. The hotel is at Times Square and within a short walk of Rockefeller Center; all the Broadway shows; the NYC Public Library; you name it. I don't think we could have picked a better location. The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful- recommending broadway shows and restaurants. Our room (and the hotel overall) was very clean and tastefully decorated. Rick's Cafe on the second floor serves as a place to relax and escape from the bustle of Times Square with coffee, tea, juices and pastries available most any time. We missed the nightly serving of wine and cheese, but I am confident it is nicely done as was the rest of the hotel's offerings.We will definitely stay at the Casablanca again and will recommend to our friends.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SCSSCMOM
<Content>Quiet and Mellow This boutique hotel was EXCELLENT!!!!!!!!!! The moment you walk inside this hotel you are greeted with a friendly hello. The men working at the front desk were very kind. When we got into the room, it was warm and well decorated. The bathroom was very big. Although the Casablanca was not a full service hotel, on the second floor their was a cozy sitting area with a computer, plazma screen t.v. and a table with cookies, pastries, fruit, iced tea, water, hot tea, and coffee. There was also a very easy to use machine that can make expressos, lattes, and cappuccinos. At around five o'clock, they had a variety of cheeses and crackers. There was also wine. This was a the perfect time to wind down from running around the city. For breakfast there was delicious croissants, pastries, hard boiled eggs, mixed fruit, yogurt, and orange juice, and cranberry juice. The hotel is in the middle of the Times Square, but the atmosphere inside was quiet and mellow. Everyone seemed to be happy working there and it was reflected in their treatment of their guests. Will stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>1234Illinois
<Content>Can't wait for our next visit! This was our second visit to Casablanca Hotel in New York City. Once again it was a wonderful experience! Rick's Cafe was a delicious, welcome oasis both for breakfast and wine and cheese after spending the day in the city. The hotel staff is tops, friendly and knowledgeable about NYC!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GGee
<Content>Almost paradise on earth We are currently staying at the above having checked in on Sunday. Although we had booked a deluxe Queen/ King room many months ago witha fridge and requesting a quiet room we were given room 308 yes we had our fridge (please ensure you request one as there are only a limited number) it was quite humid and we were only aware at the timeof going to sleep that when we turned off the air conditioning we were next to a noisy generator as it was quite late we thought we would see if we could cope in this room but alas no so we the next morning tried to see about a room change we went to reception at 8am and spoke to the two guys at reception they said that unfortunately they were very heavily booked and had no king rooms available howeverthey could let us have room on the 5th floor and this would be available in a couple of hours (just enough time for us to go to Century 21 and do some shopping at one of New Yorks great discount shopping stores) Back we came at 11.00 to be told that our room was now ready and by 11.10 we were in our new room the new room is very near the elevators so there is a bit of noise and the generator can still be heard but it is a much better slightly quieter queen room.Overall my impressions this is not our first stay in New York we are regular visitors and have stayed in many hotels in all classes and this is our second stay here so here goesWe checked in at about 5pm This was a breeze a guy called Peter did that it took about 5 minutes and he was very polite explained all the facilities that the hotel offered etc The doorman I think his name was Al took our case up to our room and again efficient and polite and helped us later when we had a problem with the room The wine and cheese was lovely not as good as I remember from last year but still good. The wine was off a superior quality cheese not bad popcorn great and most importantly the girl was lovely again pleasantpolite and friendlyMoving on they have a turn down service this consists of someone coming into your room in the evening and turning your bed sheets downliterally nothing more nothing less I would personally like to seee either this service removed or improvedYou could very simply improve it by leaving a chocolate on the pillowand perhaps filling up your ice bucket (if you want ice at the momentyou have to phone and request it, although there are ice buckets in the room there is nowhere for you yourself to go and fill it) Rooms on the whole are small very typical for NY even the Deluxe Queen is small yes you can just about fit a table and two chairs in and thats about it There is a minibar in the room but with the great facilitiesin Ricks Bar It seem a bit of a waste to me. Ricks Bar as already said wine and cheese from 5pm to 8pm Mon to Sat and Rick at the piano on Friday evening during the cheese and wine and has free use of a computer I am writing this review on it. There is free coffee tea cookies and fruit available here 24/7 Breakfast served most days by a lovely pleasant girl called Danielle this consists of boiled eggs cereals pastries bagels cream cheese fruit fruit salad yoghurts croissants perhaps some cold meats would be nice but thats a minor detail.The staff are great we have yet to meet any member of staff who was not lovely or pleasant or well informed happy to chat to you if you want respecting your privacy if you do not want to chat Great housekeeping room lovely and clean spotless So all in all very good deserves the ratings it gets I hope our checkout is as smooth as our checkin I will let you know  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NewYorkFamily10583
<Content>Best Stay in Mid-town NY We are native New Yorkers who moved to the suburbs, and stay in Mid-town several times a year. We will not stay anywhere else. Casablanca has the BEST continental plus breakfast, and Rick鈥檚 Caf茅 is open 24/7 for a snack, coffee, lattes, drinks and more. It is a quiet peaceful oasis in the heart of the theater district, a couple of steps (literally) from Times Square.The staff is cheerful and efficient. It is literally the only place that we will stay in NYC. We stayed in a number of hotels before finding Casablanca, and now we are hooked. If you are traveling with kids book well in advance; they only have six or seven 2+ rooms.Quick Tip: The hotel has an arrangement with the parking garage next door $25 a day; make sure to have the front desk validate your parking. The garage has entrances on both 43rd and 44th  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>juy
<Content>A Great Find Our stay at the Casablanca made the trip to New York even better than great. We arrived at 6:30 a.m. and the staff immediately took our luggage and invited us up to the second floor for the breakfast even though we had not officially started our stay. What a great way to begin!The staff continued to be helpful with suggestions for meals--all their suggestions were great--routes to sites, and more. They were knowledgable and very personable. The 2 servers upstairs at Ricks were wonderful and always so nice and had great smiles. We loved the breakfast and the great room to sit with our other friends and read, talk, and review pictures. Loved the computer availability too.The room was small, but very clean and comfortable. The shower was magnificent--great pressure. Quiet too. Location was super.We were with 2 other couples and we all agreed that we would return and recommend the Casablanca to anyone.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sdsoon
<Content>Loved it! Loved it! Loved it! From the moment we walked in the door, everything was wonderful. The front desk staff were friendly, efficient, helpful, and just plain nice - every time, every person. Our room was small (but larger than hotels in Paris!), clean, modern, and very quiet. We celebrated our 30th anniversary there and it couldn't have been better. The location is great if you're doing mid-town activities and just far enough off of Times Square to not have the noise. Breafast was simple and adequate and the wine and cheese in the afternoon were a nice touch after being gone all day. I would stay there again and highly recommend it. Good job! Well done!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>StevefromEurope
<Content>Wonderful oasis near Time Square - The Number One in NY We stayed at the Casablanca in May 2007, and i have to say that it was wonderful. From the first moment, everyone at the hotel was friendly and try to help. The rooms have a normal size, it is enough space. The bed is comfy, the windows are large (there are two windows, so it is really quite in the rooms, although the Time Square is around the corner!), the bathroom is nice with a large mirror. The breakfast is wonderful! Every day you can choose fresh fruits, bakery, fresh orange juice. The best is the big Esprosso machine, where you can make a superb coffee (Lavazza coffee). The machine is on the whole day, so you can take a cup of coffee (or more ;-) whenever you want. Internet acess is free in the breakfast room, there is a terminal with a printer. We were happy to stay in the Casablanca, and we will definatly stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NativeNewYorkers04
<Content>Play it again, Sam! Stay there again, Sam! We've travelled the world....all of Europe, Asia, and the Caribbean....we've stayed at some of the highest rated hotels around. Our FAVORITE hotel, is our own home town New York's Casablanca! Being local to us, we feel the most relaxed and unwound there in the heart of Times Square! Who would think! Although we feel when all is taken into consideration for what you get there, it is a bargain, however, it's really not in our local budget - but we find a way to make it happen. Don't even want to go to the theater now for a show, if the evening doesnt end up there! Feels like our home away from home. Cozy, classy, quaint, charming, immaculate, incrediblely helpful  friendly staff, incredible extras, ideal location, beautiful rooms, what more could one really want in a hotel???? BYE-BYE BIG CHAINS, YOU'VE BEEN BEAT OUT BY THE 'BOUTIQUE'! Casablanca is the ONLY place to stay in New York! Trust a born and bred New Yorker!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sarniaUk
<Content>Great hotel Great hotel in the cetre of time square helpful and friendly staff on leaving one bag was left behind which they forwarded to the UK within three days.Would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>diver26508
<Content>Fantastic Property The Casablanca Hotel is a truly remarkable hotel just steps from Times Square. The room was nice - not huge but also certainly not as cramped as some places I've stayed at while in New York. The extra amenities (free breakfast and afternoon wine  cheese) add to the overall charm of the guest experience. The hallways were a bit warm some days, the elevator was a bit lurchy, and the toilet in my room periodically ran, all to be expected considering the age of the property. Overall, the room was immaculately clean and the provided extras were a nice touch. The best feature of the Casablanca Hotel was the staff, who I found to be extremely helpful, efficient and professional - especially Vinnie. I'll definitely return to this hotel and strongly recommend it to anyone with discriminating tastes and high standards.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Neisar
<Content>Casablanca. Excellent stay. We stayed at the hotel Casablanca 鈥?18th 鈥?24th June this year and had a very good experience staying there and would highly recommend this hotel.Normally we like 4 or 5 star hotels with all of the nice extras 鈥?spa鈥檚, restaurants, blah blah and would never normally consider a small hotel of a lower rating. I booked Casablanca due to the reviews on tripadvisor and yet again the reviews were accurate and did not let us down.We had a room on the sixth floor of the hotel overlooking other walls 鈥?at the bottom was the courtyard so no view but then it didn鈥檛 matter. The room was very very quiet and only occasionally we could here some sirens from the emergency services, but that was it. Now bearing in mind we are juts a few steps from a heaving and very noisy Times Square it was amazing. Also we never heard anything from any other rooms or from the corridors, which was a definite plus! The air con worked well, we had a king size bed which was very comfortable, the bathroom was a decent size, very clean and the shower worked well (occasionally the pressure would ease off but only for about 2 seconds so was never a major problem. We had plenty of storage space for 2 people for the week and I didn鈥檛 think the room was a bad size to be honest. Ricks caf茅 on the second floor was a lovely place to chill again. It had a small courtyard off it but people smoked out there so we didn鈥檛 make use of it. The breakfast in the morning was just enough, pastries, fruit, eggs, bagels, yoghurts as well as tea coffee juices etc. In the evenings there was complimentary wine and cheese evening along with fruit and popcorn. The wine was very good, not rubbish wine which some places may try and fob off on you as its free! We really enjoyed an hour there or so before going out in the evening. There is a PC in there too along with a printer, which were very useful plus newspapers there all day. On the Friday evening there is a pianist who was a really lovely touch and we got to the lounge earlier that evening and enjoyed listening to him!All of the staff was exceptionally nice and helpful. The 2 ladies who work in Ricks caf茅 were very sweet and always have a smile. They always asked how you were and made conversation without being in your face. The staff in reception was exceptional. From the time we checked in until the time we got in the car to leave the hotel they gave 100%. They made enquires about trips and did a restaurant reservation for us. They answered all of our questions as best they could, if they didn鈥檛 know an answer they found it out somehow. It had been my 40th birthday while I was there and on that evening a bottle of champagne was delivered to the room along with a little card, which we felt was a really nice touch.The location cannot be beaten; you are in the centre of everything yet the peace and quiet of the hotel is indeed a haven.I highly recommend Casablanca 鈥?no fault in my opinion can be found. Thank you to all of the staff at the hotel for your help 鈥?we look forward to a return visit one day!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lovely2
<Content>We loved the Casablanca We simply loved the Casablanca. The room was small but we expected that in NYC. It was very quiet, very clean and very central to everything. Times Square was just steps away and Bryant Park was not quite 2 blocks away. We loved Bryant Park! What an oasis in the middle of the chaotic Times Square area.The staff at the Casablanca could not help you enough. We were always greeted both coming and going. The compliementary breakfast and wine and cheese were excellent. We loved to come back to the hotel in the late afternoon and unwind in Rick's Cafe before heading out again for the evening.If we go back to NYC we will definitely stay at the Casablanca!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Busee
<Content>Surprisingly quiet... We just returned from a great 4 night stay at the Casablanca. We were told by friends not to stay close to Time Square due to the noise. After reading the reviews on tripadvisor we decided the Casablanca sounded like the kind of place we enjoy, and it was. A small and intimate hotel with great service and clean, which is a must in my opinion. It was also great to discover that reports of the quiet hotel were in fact true and amazing as the location is just steps away from Time Square. Our room was lovely, very tastefully decorated and the hotel staff were very helpful and friendly. Our departure flight was not until 11pm and although we had officially checked out we were able to relax in the lounge before heading to the airport. All in all a really good experience. Tony's restaurant, next door, is a great place to eat and definitely good value for money. The menu states the dishes are good for 2-3 people but I would say more like 4-5 people.We met up with friends who had booked into larger hotels and for various reasons were disappointed by their choices. I think the boutique hotel is the way to go every time!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Charlie28
<Content>Midtown Veteran I travel 3 weeks a month and nearly always select top rated Tripadvisor hotels. I have been extremely happy with all the other tripadvisor hotels. But the Casablanca is overrated. The number 1 hotel in NY? I don't agree. I have recently stayed at the Westin, Algonquin, Sheraton, and Roosevelt. And with the exception of the very tired rooms in the Roosevelt, all were better than the Casablanca. My room was barely bigger than the bed, view of a brick wall, poorly ventilated, and the shower changed temps constantly, eventually running out of hot water.On the plus side: great location, reasonable, but not great value, and very clean.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	5	5	4	3	3	

<Author>Mick64
<Content>Wouldn't Hesitate to Recommend to all my Friends and Family Everything we read about this fabulous boutique hotel was true. This was our first trip to New York and we wanted it to be a fabulous experience, however, we did not want to pay a fortune to enjoy the experience. This smaller hotel in the heart of Manhatten fulfilled all of our expectations for a price that was neither at the bottom end of the scale or the top end. I would recommend requesting a room at the back end of the hotel as there was construction taking place at the front, across the street. Despite the construction, the moment we walked through the entrance of the Casablanca we enjoyed total silence. The rooms are not large but are more than adequate. They are very well appointed and the beds are extremely comfortable. The best feature about this hotel is the wonderful continental breakfast and coffee, tea, iced tea and water are served all day long. Wine and cheese from 5:00 pm to 8:00 pm at no extra charge was a wonderful treat that we always looked forward to. It was so welcoming to come home to at the end of a long and busy day. Loved the small patio. This hotel is well appointed and the service was great. My husband and I just loved it. If comfort and charm are what you are looking for, I would not hesitate to recommend the Casablanca. No complaints here.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>DawsonUK
<Content>Simply the best Just first class, location, location, location....only sixty steps from the main Times Square...small but excellent rooms. Staff that couldnt help you enough. Breakfast included...and cheese and wine from 5 till 8. Definately will be coming back here. Stayed here from 13th to 16th June 2007, booked direct through trip advisor links.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>weathervane
<Content>Wonderful stay at the Casablanca Booked two nights here in March for a quickie, mid-week spring break getaway with kids. Can't say enough nice things about this hotel. Rooms are not huge, but are stylish and very clean. We had a king size bed (very comfortable) and a sleep sofa (as comfortable as can be expected; for kids, just fine). Location, steps away from Time Square, short walk to Theater District - fantastic for those eveningswhen you and 800 other people are trying to hail a cab after a show! No room service, but ordered dinner one night from the Italian restaurant adjacent to hotel; a menu is in the room. Came quickly, huge portions, something for everyone, and I think the bill was less than $50 for 4 people. Took advantage each evening of the free happy hour - wine, champagne, I think beer also - cheese  crackers and other snacks; a really nice touch and a great way to relax after pounding the pavement all day. Continental breakfasts include severalchoices like yogurt, bagels, cereals and fruit. There is a coffee/cappuccino/hot water machine for use all day long, my kids loved making hot chocolate or tea whenever they wanted. Lounge area is comfortable and nicely furnished; there is a piano, and a computer for checking email etc. Our train didn't leave until the afternoon our last day; they were happy to store our bags and let us bring back lunch and hang out in the lounge area. Staff is incredibly helpful, engaging, knowledgeable and just plain nice. I would stay here again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>melomelo
<Content>The Casablanca is all that they say it is! We were at the Casablanca Hotel last week and loved it. It is truly an oasis! We highly recommend it -- you won't be disappointed!!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ljptdt
<Content>鈥?You must remember this鈥?I certainly will!!!       very spacious  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dee090
<Content>noone mentioned the construction work....! After reading the glowing reviews on this website - I booked, in March, for a four night stay in the Casablanca over a weekend in early June. Booking was made through Expedia and a quiet room with king size bed was requested. On arrival we were shown to a nice room on the sixth floor with a large bathroom. All seemed fine. However, on the first night (a thursday)- despite being sound asleep, we were woken at around 2am by very noisy construction work and the incessant noise of beepers from lorries reversing. It was so loud that we were not able to get back to sleep. I phoned the front desk to find out if this work/noise would continue over the weekend and were told that they didn't know. Feeling slightly tired the following day- we carried on and fell into a deep sleep on the friday night around 10.30pm. At 1am we were once again woken by the same building noise at the same volume as the previous night. Completely exhausted and frustrated, I went down to the front desk to ask if we could be moved. The hotel was full and there was nowhere we could go. We were given earplugs. The following morning we were really fed up and were planning on moving to another hotel. We were advised by the doorman to ask at the front desk and were told this time that several guests were leaving on the saturday and we could be moved to another room later that day. The room that we were moved to was round the back of the hotel and was completely quiet. We slept brilliantly the next 2 nights. Had we got this room for the full 4 nights I too would have had nothing but good things to say about this hotel but the first 2 nights of construction noise really spoiled our stay. Despite having slept well on the saturday night, the two sleepless nights caught up with us on the Sunday - and although we had planned to see a matinee show, we were utterly knackered and had to come back to the hotel for a snooze which was such a waste of an afternoon in New York. I agree that location is good; staff very nice; and Ricks Bar is good (especially when you are awake at 2am and want a hot drink!) but I would urge anyone going over the next few weeks to enquire about the construction work that is taking place across the road from the hotel. No problems if you are a very sound sleeper but otherwise it is likely to wake you up if you are in a room facing the road.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ItaFran
<Content>Pricey, but in NYC worth it... I usually do not spend $280/night on a hotel room, but after reading reviews and looking at pictures of less expensive hotels in NYC I was determined not to spoil my vacation by staying at a 'dumpy' hotel. Hotel Casablanca delivered on the promise. It is very central and close to the action, surprisingly quiet for its location, and nicely appointed. I was pleasantly surprised to find that its cafe'/lounge dispensed free coffee, lattes and cappuccino all day long, and an additional treat of free pre-dinner wine and cheese buffets on a daily basis.The staff is very pleasant and tries to be helpful. My room was appointed with the standard amenities one would expect to find in this hotel category, with bath robe and slippers, etc. It was unfortunately quite small and dark, as it faced a narrow internal courtyard, but this likely spared me from the street commotion so I can't complain.Overall a good experience, if you can afford to shell out upwards of $280/day.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>suladybug
<Content>loved it! After struggling with subpar midrange hotels in NYC for years, I am so pleased to have discovered the Casablanca. Overall, I had a lovely stay. All of the staff was incredibly friendly, the breakfast, wine and cheese, and all day cookies were lovely. I know everyone else has said it, but it really did feel like an oasis in the city. The front desk staff were especially helpful with subway directions, and even found me a cab in the rain, in Times Square! My only, tiny, complaint was that the bed was not as comfortable as I would have liked. Everything else was terrific. I will definitely be staying next time I go to NYC.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>G04it
<Content>Its the little extras that count The Casablanca Hotel, Times Square, New York.Trip Advisor member - Staffordshire, U.K.04-June-2007We have just returned from the Casablanca and really must thank all of the staff for ensuring that we had a good holiday. Everyone of them went out of their way to help us, and provided a professional and courteous service. The hotel is situated next to Times Square which is the busiest part of New York. After a day spent trekking around the city it was a pleasure to return in the evening to the complimentary cheese and wine buffet in Ricks cafe (between 5.30 and 8.00). Ricks cafe also provides free computer / internet use and free coffee from the vending machine 24/7. The buffet breakfast is adequate to start the day with a choice of cereals, croissants and fresh fruit etc. We booked a Queen room but were upgraded to a King room on the 5th floor. The room was a reasonable size for New York with a nice bathroom, however, ask for a rear room if you are a light sleeper. The air conditioning units are fitted into the windows and if being used you can hear the outside hubble (it seemed like an emergency vehicle passed by every time we dropped off to sleep. We eventually turned the unit off and shut the window which made it a lot quieter, sleep or be cool, its your choice.Overall an excellent hotel in the centre of Manhattan. One word of warning! We could not get a taxi to JFK airport on Friday afternoon. Taxis stopped but refused to do the trip. After an hour we ended up takeing the bus from the Port Authority Depot 2 blocks away. Due to congestion (probably why the taxis wont go) the journey took nearly 2 hours and we only just made the flight.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NomadLeicsUK&Spain
<Content>Liked it! This is our sort of hotel, small friendly nicely presented and spotlessly clean. Great reception from all the staff who we found very friendly. Rooms are a little small (not untypical in New York) and ours faced the rear of hotel which suffered noise badly from huge neighbouring air con plant (not hotels). In fairness another room was offered but as we were only there two nights and the first night had passed we put up with it. Thats our only criticism, inclusive nice buffet, cheese  wine, snacks and internet. Great location for busy bustling New Yorkt heatre  shopping areas.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MamaMiaAtlanta_GA
<Content>Awesome Experience My 78 year old mother, 18 year old daughter  I recently returned from a whirlwind 3-day trip to NYC. I have been there many times and the Casablanca Hotel was by far my best hotel experience. The location was central, the staff was very friendly and eager to help and the rooms were nice (especially for NYC standards) and very clean. But probably the best thing about staying there was the value added by Rick's Cafe. We enjoyed complimentary breakfast and early evening wine and cheeses everyday we were there. It also provided us with a comfortable place to sit and relax with a cup of tea or espresso (also complimentary) after a busy day of shopping or museum hopping. I have no hesitation recommending this hotel to my friends and family and plan to stay there again myself.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lshay
<Content>Awesome Staff and Fun location My younger sister and I recently stayed at the Casablanca while visiting N.Y. for her 18th birthday/Graduation gift. Everything about the hotel is great! The guys were so friendly and helpful while at the same time being very professional. THey went out of their way to make our stay comfortable and fun. The room was nice and the breakfast was great to have available (ok, so we only got up in time to eat it once!) Having the wireless internet connection was over the top, since I sent pictures home daily of our experiences. The hotel is in a great place to see and do everything and it was fun to be near all the excitment of Times Square (litterly right at the door). So many shopping opportunities!I highly reccomend staying here and even for all my Dad's worrying, we felt very safe. Just a note to all: take the subway.......what looks like close on the map.is not so close expecailly if you get lost like we did walking. The subway is right there and takes you right to the major places.We had a wonderful time and made many memories!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>LibWalesUK
<Content>The best place to stay in NYC We stayed here for seven days from May 22nd, after looking at the reviews on Tripadvisor. I have to say we were not disappointed. The location was perfect, the rooms comfortable, clean and quiet which as amazing considering how close we were to Times Square. The breakfast was lovely and saved us a fortune (so we could spend it in Tiffanys) as did the all day snacks and the wine and cheese, and the staff went out of their way to help you if you needed anything from directions to reservations. The Italian next door Tonys had the most wonderful food. I would highly recommend this Hotel and will be certainly return.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>foodiefromupnorth
<Content>Stay at the Casablanca but it's not like other places aren't as good I stayed at the Casablanca for six days, so I definitely feel I have enough experience to write a solid review. First, I agree with another reviewer here that the room you stay in is important. Ours was facing a wall, and while that sounds dismal, it was amazingly quiet. The air conditioning is not central air, just a unit in the window, but the nice thing was you could control the temperature easily and by yourself. The not nice thing was that the room would get cold extremely quickly, and then get hot if you turned off the A/C. Oh, well.I was looking forward to the famous cookies the Casablanca website boasts but they were just Oreo cookies and that confused me. There is free Internet access which was a nice touch for some last minute information-gathering or to check in with family back home. (I'd like to add it was my boyfriend and I on this trip, and we are both in our mid-20s. Most of the other people at the hotel at the time we were there were 40+)There are pros and cons to staying that close to Times Square. Pros include an amazing subway station half a block away that connects to everything, which is great if you are thinking of taking the subway. Another pro was that it was fairly midtown, so you could walk to places downtown and uptown. The cons were that it was a hugely busy area at all times, so if you just wanted to go for a nice evening walk, there were always hundreds of people, and most of the restaurants right around the hotel were always very busy because of the pre-and-post Broadway show crowds. I thought that the guys who work there were nice, but nothing amazingly special like some people say. I've definitely had nicer and more helpful service at other places. It annoyed me that for a local call I was chared 90 cents (I just wanted to see if a store was open on Memorial Day), but that's just hotel politics. I did not believe the bed we received was a queen - they said it was, but then the queen is quite small, so be prepared. The bathroom was much larger than I thought. They had a DVD player and DVDs you could watch, but ours was so scratched up it didn't play at all, so don't count on that feature. The buffet breakfast really was very nice, and had something for every kind of eater.There is a 24-hour Duane Read (like a Walgreen's or Shopper's Drug Mart) right around the corner if you need anything you don't want to pack (like liquids, hehe). Overall, I would say my experience was positive, but I don't think it was so unique that another hotel could not have produced the same result.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	2	3	4	

<Author>jordandean
<Content>location location location and the free wine! We stayed here over memorial day weekend 07. We arrived Saturday morning at 11am and were courteously allowed to check into our room early. they also told us to have a snack or coffee in rick's bar the 2nd floor lounge as breakfast was just wrapping up. the room was small, but not tiny and very clean. dvd player and cd player in the room, wish I had brought some music. they have dvds to loan if you are in need of somethign to wathc. location was excellent only a block from the 42nd street and times square subway station which was large with two lines running through it. it was within walking distance of many parts of mid town manhattan. also within blocks of most of the shows which is so conveinent as you do not need to grab a cab or a subway to get home after your show which can be difiicult as the theater crowd overloads both systems. I would defintiely stay here again. the staff were so courteous and sharp in their suits! Also wine and cheese served every night, loved to proseco!  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>JuupiterAudrey
<Content>Perfect location/Great Staff/Great Breakfast, wine  My daughter and I just returned from staying at the Casablanca Hotel over the Memorial Day weekend. We loved the location. The hotel is just off Times Square but our room was quiet. The proximity to the Times Square Metro Station is a real advantage. The staff was friendly and very helpful and the breakfast in the second floor guest louge was great and a real money saver. We would definitely stay there again. .  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>englandMisstraveller
<Content>Fantastic Hotel After completing a lot of research about New York hotels we decided on the Casablanca and we were not disappointed. We loved the location and the speacial touches the hotel provided like the buffet breakfast and the cheese and wine. The hotel was a great escape after a fun packed and tiring day sightseeing. Th rooms were to a high spec and very comfortable.It's definately worth the extra money and we will be visting the Casablana again next time we're in New York.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>frank1937
<Content>Stay here if you can We stayed at the Casablanca for nine days from May 18th to May 27th.Our flight landed at JFK after 11:00 PM so we did not arrive at the hotel until almost 1:00 AM - after a wild ride from the airport by taxi. It was a relief to be booked into our room, not large but certainly adequate for two with the features that we love - luxury towels and linen, hairdryer and in-room safe. The next morning we enjoyed the complimentary breakfast of fresh fruit, fruit juices, pastries and bagels, cereals and a variety of coffees. Breakfast is served on the second floor where a 5:00 PM offering of wine and cheese is also enjoyed. We especially looked forward to this feature after long days of walking, shopping and shows - we saw four plus a taping of the Dave Letterman show. (Spring Awakening is an amazing show, with adult content). We overheard several guests commenting on how much trhey loved the hotel. The staff were friendly and seemed happy to greet us each day.They arranged for a 5:00 AM car and driver for us for our trip back to JFK - a bit of a luxury but so calm and relaxing. Our driver commented that The Casablanca Hotel is one of New York's hidden secrets. We would have to agree.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BilVancouverBC
<Content>Friendly staff, good value. We spent four wonderful days in NY last week and our stay at the Casablanca certainly enhanced the experience.We can not say enough about the friendly helpful staff and the very convenient location - just 1/2 block to Times Square.The breakfast and all day coffee/cookies in the 2nd floor Rick's Cafe were greatly appreciated - likewise the evening wine and cheese! We were contacted at home before we left to confirm the reservation and when we returned to thank us for staying at the Casablanca - a nice touch! We will certainly stay here again when we return to the Big Apple. -- must also give a thumbs-up to the restaurant next door - Tony's Di Napoli - great food and service - reasonably priced.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>travelprism
<Content>Cozy, warm  It's hard to say anything new about this hotel, given the high number of reviews here. The hotel staff were almost all young eastern Europeans, and they have infused it with a level of intelligent sophistication and professionalism lacking from so many tourist hotels. The feeling stepping through the hotel door from the chaos of Times Square was that of coming home. A bit of a reality check: If you stay on a room facing the street you will hear plenty of city noise. Most perplexing was the sound of a trash compactor operating for hours on end. One night we came home late and saw the truck busy munching on an enormous pile of garbage sacks. However a sturdy pair of earplugs will ensure a sound night's sleep.The beds and linens were high quality. The morning breakfast included fresh pastries, boiled eggs, cereal, fresh fruit, bagels, cream cheese, butter, choice of gourmet coffees, teas  juices. What more could you possibly want or need? Considering all that is included, this hotel is a bargain.Some suggestions: Buy a subway/bus pass at the tourist center a few blocks north on Broadway. We found the subway safe, fast and easy to use once you figure out the letter system for the routes. Go to the discount ticket booth on 47th for half price Broadway tickets on the day of the performance. Don't be discouraged by the line, we arrived late and still got 5 decent seats for Les Miserables. You must have cash to pay for your tickets-no plastic. Ride the free Staten Island ferry to view the Statue of Liberty (sit on the right side of the boat for the outbound trip). Skip the long line to go to the top of the Empire State building and take the Rockefeller Center tour instead. Visit the downstairs food courts at Grand Central station or Macy's for great food. The diner next to the Casa Blanca is very good, but stick to the burgers, sandwiches  desserts. Try to find the statue of Balto the dog in Central Park!  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mikebebop
<Content>Very Nice       Only part of the breakfast selections  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>BootneckBirmingham
<Content>Beware of website if you smoke Everything good you read about this hotel is true. I counted it was 53 paces from Time Square and you cannot hear a thing unless you are on the smoking patio and you can hear the police sirens now and again. My wife who is a stickler for cleanliness said it was immaculate. One query however. I arrived home today and rechecked the website and they ask for a smoking preference for your room. We chose smoking but when we arrived, we were told that the hotel has no smoking rooms !!! I feel we were decieved and this is tantamount to deception. If I had known that all the rooms were non smoking, I would not have chosen this hotel. Why ask for a smoking preference when there are no 'smoking rooms' ?  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>4	2	3	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>welshgirl
<Content>fantastic Believe everything you read on here this is one of the best hotels we have ever stayed in.From the minute you arrive the staff can't do enough to make your stay comfortable and memorable.It is an oasis of calm and peace and you cannot believe that just outside the door is times square.The location is perfect and coming back from a days sightseeing the free coffee,juice,fruit,cookies etc is a welcome sight. The wine and cheese evening again all free is a wonderful way to start off the evening.The beds and pillows are so comfortable and the ceiling fans keep the room really cool at night and during the day. A truly wonderful hotel and a definate must on a visit to new york wouldn't hesitate to go back.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GoFarAway
<Content>Clean, comfortable, accommodating I hate to give away info on terrific places, because then it's harderto book into them when you need them. But I have to applaud the Casablanca as a clean, comfortable hotel with a staff that went out of its way to help us. We had to change our reservations for the first weekend of May due to a family medical emergency. We were unsure on what day we would arrive or even if we would. The hotel's manager and staff worked with us to make certain we had a room when we finally got there. The staff was always friendly, kind and helpful. Our room was clean and quiet, even though Times Square is only a few steps away from the hotel. The bathroom sparkled. The breakfast was delicious and free as part of the room charge, and from the hotel we could walk to multiple subway lines quickly. A good choice!  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Newdale
<Content>Great Boutique Hotel       Casablanca Entrance (Times Square behind)  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CambsHamster
<Content>Home from home in Manhattan We felt at home the minute we arrived at the Casablanca. Staff were uniformly friendly and helpful without being intrusive, and service was first class. The location couldn't be better - it's just yards from the bustle of Times Square, but inside everything is quiet and relaxed. The perfect place to return to after a busy day's sightseeing.The room was a little small, but everything was spotless and the decor was just right to give a warm, intimate feel. The breakfasts were very good, as were the complimentary drinks in the evening. The lounge was a very pleasant place to relax.We will definitely return to the Casablanca and would recommend it unreservedly. An absolute delight!HP, Cambs, UK  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>joanne_wpb
<Content>Casablanca Hotel - Perfect Place to Stay I am very familiar with NYC having grown up in the area. I have also stayed at some very nice hotels there over the years. I loved the Casablanca Hotel. I brought my niece with me for a long weekend. We were right around the corner from Times Square -- close to the subway station, the Theater District and lots of restaurants. The hotel is a boutique hotel which is great because the staff knows you as you walk in and out which makes it feel very small town in the big city. The rooms are smaller than big chains but they are also neater and cleaner. Unlike big hotels, you don't hear doors slamming all night, and other than the traffic around Times Square (which is expected), it is very quiet. The beds were very confortable. Free extras included a beautiful breakfast spread in Rick's Cafe. Fresh pastries and bagels, cereals, yogurts, cappuccino, lattes, coffee, hot chocolate. In the evening there is free wine, champagne, fruit, cheese, crackers. Late at night before going back to our room, we would go to Rick's Cafe for cookies. Rick's Cafe was clean and comfy and gave us a chance to chat with other guests. There is also a computer there (with a printer) so we could print our boarding passes. For smokers, there is an outdoor patio with lots of potted plants. The Casablanca Hotel is everything they say it is on their website. It truly is an oasis in the middle of a very chaotic desert!  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CAKathryn
<Content>Fabulous Great staff, wonderful location, appreciate the hospitality room 24/7. Can only say wonderful things about it. Would definitely return.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NYCfanEdinburgh
<Content>An absolute oasis of a hotel This was my second visit to the big apple, and we booked this hotel after reading reviews on the trip advisor. We were not disappointed. The hotel is small, extremely friendly, quiet and in the most wonderful location. You are literally just steps from Times Square, but would never believe it as once you are in the hotel it is so quiet.The rooms were spacious enough, the beds were extremely comfortable and everything was spotlessly clean. The complimentary breakfast is more than adequate and the wine and cheese in the evenings is just unbelieveable. There is even an internet connected computer complete with printer and paper in the lounge for free use.An added bonus is the Italian restaurant next door called Tony's. Amazing food, amazing atmosphere and a great bar. Just up the road a bit is a lovely Irish bar and a few yards after that a Belgian bar which became our local.When I go back, I will definitely be heading for the Casablanca again.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>derekmo
<Content>Fabulous little boutique hotel! This was our second stay in Manhattan, and by far one of the best lodgings I've ever had the good fortune to stay at in my extensive travels.Large, commercial, luxury hotel chains are definitely not our thing, and this quaint little boutique hotel fit the bill perfectly for our tastes. Average sized, but very well appointed rooms were perfect for retiring to after a long day of shopping  sightseeing, and the evening wine/cheese social a great bonus. The bathroom was larger than expected and immaculate.All of the hotel staff was fabulous! Very attentive and super-courteous, they were always willing to go out of their way to make our stay pleasant.The location was perfect in our opinion.....less than a block from Times Square and the Theatre District and mere footsteps from the nearest Subway....no need for expensive cabs or rental cars. Next time we will take the Subway directly from LGA....much cheaper  quicker than the SLOW Shuttle we booked from the airport.We will definitely be returning to the Casablanca for all of our future trips to Manhattan, which will be many after this wonderful experience.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LozSal
<Content>One of the best One of the best hotels I've stayed at - great central location with staff who bent over backwards to help - Ricks Cafe on 2nd floor was great 24 hour coffee drinks and light snacks -  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jopublic
<Content>Just as good as everyone says We stayed at the Casablanca from 20th to 24th April. We found the room to be comfortable (we booked a deluxe room). The breakfast was good and there was more than enough choice. What makes this hotel stand out from others is its personality and staff. As other posters have mentioned there is no view but with all that's going on at the Casablanca and Rick's lounge then you don't really need one. If you're the type of person who likes to stay in and take photos of your luxurious room with its great view then the Casablanca is not for you but if you're the type of canny traveller who likes a home from home at the end of a busy day sightseeing or shopping then this could be your place. An earlier poster mentioned an odour near the elevator on the 3rd floor. I found this to be nothing more than good old fashioned wood polish. The Casablanca is spotlessly clean. The bed was comfortable. Free internet access in the lounge area was a bonus. The staff were all helpful and attentive. I almost forgot to mention the lovely little outdoor courtyard area just of Rick's lounge which was open on a couple of the warmer evenings during our stay. What more can I say except book it, book it!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kalima
<Content>Would stay here again Great location, right in Time Square, central to most of my business meetings. I was upgraded to a Queen room which was just about as small as I would want to go. I think a Standard room would feel cramped. The complimentary breakfast was wonderful... great selection of cereal, fruit, pastries  24hr Latte/Exspreso/Cappachino machine. The complimentary evening Wine, Cheese  crackers was also very nice. Had dinner @ Tony's Family Italian restaurant that you can access through the Lobby of the Hotel. Nice dinner - big portions  reasonably priced. As I said in the title - I would stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RMHand
<Content>Casablanca - 'we'll certainly stay again-Sam!! We have just returned from our long weekend in Manhattan, we had a very enjoyable stay at the Casablanca, great location - few steps from Times Square ! cheerful, polite  and very friendly staff !Availability of 'free' drinks and snacks 24/7 in Ricks Cafe is a great feature together with the wine  cheese sessions served by lovely staff who always had a friendly and warm smile!The 'front desk' were really helpful in advising and arranging trips, always courteous  cheerful !The hotel is small compared to other Manhattan hotels, but this is what makes it so special, you receive a more personal service from friendly dedicated staff.Tony's restaurant next door is is well worth a visit ! - lively atmosphere, great food (big portions..) at reasonable prices, very friendly staff.Our only negatives from our trip to New York was..The 'Osteria al Doge' restaurant round the corner in 44th street.. poor service! un-friendly staff, average food and pricey!! compared to 'Tonys' and other restaurants visited. Would not recommend the 'SuperShuttle' bus transfer service also, over 2 hours from hotel to airport !Thanks again to the Casablanca...  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sweetnana
<Content>Loved the Casablanca and the staff Just stayed 7 days at this hidden jewel of a hotel. I knew from the time that I made our reservations over the phone with Jason that this was going to be one awsome hotel. From the time that you enter the beautiful lobby till the day that you depart you are treated beyond excellence. The staff becomes your friends from the moment that they say welcome. Jason, Peter, Luke, Lenny, Yuri, Laura, Daniella and the ones that I can't remember their names go up and above what they are suppose. You are not just another guest.Location, Location, Location they have it. Right in the heart of Times Square. The rooms must be soundproof as once you are in your room you hear no noise from Times Square. Rooms are decorated to perfection and by New York standards they are a nice size. Good water pressure in the shower. Rooms are beyond clean. They sparkle daily !The breakfast every morning is awsome. Delicious pastries, fresh fruit bowls, bagels, juices. Laura and Daniella are such great women. You need for nothing when you are eating. They are always asking if you need anything else. The wine and cheese in the evenings make for some nice quite time. There is nothing one could say negative about this five star hotel. I see why it is rated #2 in the city.We will be back in December 2007 and you can bet the one and only place we will ever stay in New York City again is Casablanca.Joe and Carolyn T.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Navalator
<Content>Beautiiful  This clean B  B property is located just steps from Times Square. Beautifully and tastefully decorated, friendly and helpful front desk staff with a quiet environment. Beautiful public spaces provide wireless service. The self-serve breakfast was disappointing as to variety, quantity and presentation and not comparable to other B  Bs in other parts of the world of similar accommodation standard. Essentially, the breakfast was not appropriate for the elegance of the hotel. Considering the disappointing breakfast and the minimal square footage of the room the tariff is a bit pricey. Apparently the owner feels that proximity to Times Square is worth the 5-star prices for a 4-star property. Excellent bathroom. If being over-priced by about 15% is not a concern then this is the place to stay in Manhattan.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>burtiebassett
<Content>6 nights in new york ok first things first the room was not massive and we did not have a view (but the hotel is only small among skyscrapers), but we loved the casablanca, just a few steps from times square but a real quiet and peaceful place, the staff were so helpful, loved the free breakfast and made good use of the cheese and wine in the evening, would definately visit again as so central we walked almost everywhere.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>jwcFairfax
<Content>The Casablanca - Great Stay...Great Location We made arrangements on relatively short notice for four nights in early April. Our experience was great, and would definitely stay there again. The Casablanca is centrally located in midtown, and the premises clean and staff helpful. We had to change rooms during our stay and this was well handled with luggage seamlessly transferred in our absence. The breakfast service and recommendations that we got for restaurants were also on the mark. The rooms were comfortably appointed and quiet, especially on the back of the building.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Janiekins53
<Content>I absolutely loved the Casablanca Hotel!!! My 16 year old son and I just spent the last 3 nights in NYC staying at the Casablanca Hotel. It felt like home from the moment we checked in. The entire staff at this hotel was so nice and accommodating. Our room was very nice and so quiet. I loved Rick's Cafe on the 2nd floor. Great continental breakfast and wine and cheese at 5:00 p.m. every day. I will definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Triangletravel
<Content>Casablanca - a true oasis A truly unique boutique hotel that was warm, inviting and reasonable. We traveled with a teenager and so booked a suite. It was beautifully decorated, small but perfect. After the busy streets of New York, the breakfasts and wine/cheese in the evening were quite relaxing. The staff was so accomodating , they even found a room for my son to practice his trumpet in the basement! We will return in the future.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Broken_Foot_Mama
<Content>Truly Marvelous Experience at the Casablanca! Having just returned from a whirlwind, two-day trip to NYC, I wanted to give a completely heartfelt recommendation for the Casablanca, so that other travelers like us might have the benefit of staying at this lovely, accommodating oasis in Times Square.My nine-year old daughter and I planned a short trip to New York as she was so very keen on finally getting to see the City that never sleeps. After much stress and sticker shock over the cost of hotel rooms in NYC, we settled on the Warwick. However, one look at the unique style of the Casablanca and the glowing reviews offered on Trip Advisor, and we were sold. Although the price was very steep (for us) at $329, the Casablanca was entirely worth the additional $50 or so over the cost of other, more stately hotels in the City (we had booked the Warwick for $279).First and foremost, everything positive other travelers have said about the Casablanca is true. Honest. No - really! The continental breakfast was far more than that...the day that we enjoyed it, the hotel offered delightful mini-pastries and croissants, fresh bagels, oatmeal, freshly hard-boiled eggs, yogurt, fruit and granola, and juice. Not to mention that the espresso machine made espresso quickly and easily - to die for! I stopped buying outside coffee and just stepped into the lounge for my fix!Secondly, the staff must be commended. We arrived too early to check in (around 11:30 AM), but our bags were held and we were allowed to enjoy the benefits of the 24/7 second-floor lounge immediately (cookies, espresso, cocoa). The staff at the desk, bag check and lounge were exceptionally accommodating. And when we returned less than two hours later, our room was ready, despite it being well before check-in time.Notes on our room - big for NYC. Simple, but nicely appointed - just like the website shows. The bathroom was lovely. We had a queen room, and it was plenty large for two people. And all reports of this hotel being right in the thick of Times Square (only about 1/2 block away) and yet quiet as a church at night - absolutely TRUE! I couldn't believe it, but it was darn quiet at night. Lovely. And the corridors and common areas really carry a lovely Moroccan flare, as intended.The next day, the hotel held our bags for the entire day, gratis, and again, allowed us full use of the wonderful lounge (wine, cheese, espresso, fruit) all day. This was a godsend after a day spent rushing around NYC. We were able to grab our bags at the end of the day, recharge in the lounge and head to Grand Central Station refreshed.Casablanca isn't a posh modern hotel (like the W) or an old stately standard (like the Warwick). However, it is elegant and the very best a boutique property has to offer. It's location is wonderful, the staff are exceptional, and the perks they offer really make the difference. My daughter had the trip of a lifetime, largely because this hotel really went the extra mile for us. I would recommend this hotel for everyone from business travelers (free wi-fi in the lounge and rooms) to families traveling with kids (free library of DVDs in the lounge from which you can snag a movie to take to your room) to couples seeking a quiet get-away that is close to everything.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LoubelleG
<Content>Great stay again....... My husband and I stayed here for our honeymoon back in September and loved it here (wrote review back then) so when we knew we were returning to NYC we didnt hesitate to book a room here. This time we were taking my parents. I am usually a little nervous when recommending somewhere to somebody incase it doesnt live up to my description. I didnt worry about this hotel, i knew mum and dad would love it too and they did. It was pouring down when we arrived by cab and before we could get out of it, three of the front desk guys arrived with umbrellas for us and ushered us in out of the rain while they got our bags. All the staff from the cleaners through to the managers were friendly and helpful without being in your face or overdoing it. The whole hotel is spotlessly clean and comfortable. Our standard room was a good size, the bed is smaller than the queen we had in Sept and there was only a shower, no bath. We only shower so it wasnt a problem, this was a great power shower in a large cubicle. The free internet service and the food/drink on offer is fab. We are already planning our third trip and as soon as we know our dates we will book here without any hesitation.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nextown
<Content>Totally enjoyed... We visited NYC for two days for museums and a show. This hotel is well-rated on trip-adviser and deservedly so. Tucked just off Times Square, hotel is quiet, attractively decorated throughout in Moroccan style including the room. Small hotel (48 rooms). Very personalized feeling. Small entrance and desk staffed in part by aspiring actors. Very friendly and helpful. Second floor is a nice lounge, really two large and well-decorated areas. Top flight light breakfast here for the guests. Room was great, some rooms are probably small. Clean, bathrooms first class. Great location for a tourist. We'd come back in a minute.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>teacher34
<Content>Wonderful Experience! Very People Friendly! My husband and I just returned from NYC this morning. We spent three nights at this wonderful intimate hotel. I ended up booking it myself through the internet as it was sold out on the other sites I had tried and definately wanted to stay here after reading such great reviews! My husband was so impressed with this hotel he told the young man at checkout it was the best hotel he had ever stayed in!! It was up there in high ratings as a result of the staff. The front desk staff was so personable. We arrived from Seattle on a red-eye flight and were at the hotel at 10AM the next morning planning on leaving our bags and walking around until room was ready. We had a pleasant surprise as we got to go to our room and have breakfast too!! Our room was really furnished very nicely, lots of warm tones. The bed was a king size, the shower was terrific. A very comfortable feel to this room. The lounge area for breakfast and in the evening for wine is a great feature. Here we read the paper every morning before beginning our day. Just the right amount of choices and just an added treat. You don't get things like breakfast and wine in NYC hotels. Overall our trip was terrific. The location is superb. This hotel would make everyones trip complete.Lorraine  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Number9NY
<Content>A Great Find in Manhattan My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights. We booked a standard room and were upgraded to a deluxe in the back of the hotel upon check-in. The room was quiet, clean and nicely decorated. The bathroom window actually opened, which was great since my husband loves hot showers. The staff was friendly and helpful. What a pleasure to be able to get up late and not miss the fresh breakfast, or come back after a busy day to relax and enjoy wine and a variety of cheeses every evening. The reviewer who complained there was nothing for the kids to drink must have missed the hot chocolate available all day, along with the coffee and tea. We will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>M1chy8
<Content>The Casablanca is perfect!!! Have just returned from 6 nights at this wonderful boutique-like hotel. Every member of staff was so friendly and helpful and the hotel is in a perfect location but without the noise and craziness of Times Square. Ricks Cafe is great and the breakfast really did set us up for the day. There were 6 people in my party and we all would not hesitate in staying here again, Well done Casablanca, you were truly hospitable and cannot wait to stay again soon.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hughgee
<Content>Havens above! It really is a tranquil haven only yards from the manic Times Square. We have stayed in some impressive four star hotels in other US cities but are really glad we acted on the reviews to book into The Casablanca for our first trip to New York. The well decorated rooms are not huge and the views nothing special but , that said, for staff, location, cleanliness, Rick's Lounge and overall ambience this hotel is tops.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BayAreaHipster
<Content>Fantastic - what a find! This place is so perfect! The rooms are all so beautiful. The staff is the most friendly, helpful  courteous I have experienced. Breakfast comes with the room  it is wonderful. There is an espresso machine for your use 24 hours per day! that was worth it all.....the location is so perfect too - steps away from the heart of times square  the broadway shows. we walked everywhere.The restaurant downstairs is fabulous!! I had the best ravioli I have ever had. A total new york italian experience with great wine, tiramisu and limoncello.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Addictedtotravel1
<Content>Great Little Hotel This was our fourth visit to NY and we only sayed here for one night prior to our cruise. Best hotel we have stayed at in NY and will definately return.The staff were very friendly and helpful and the hotel is in a great location. Rooms very quiet, the standard rooms are a little small but this is to be expected in NY. The breakfast was a nice touch with a good choice.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>macnlog
<Content>Don't miss the Casablanca This property is FANTASTIC. We stayed 3 nights at the end of March and even though we were a group of 14 people spread out through a total of 8 rooms with NEVER ONE COMPLAINT! The location can't be beat - we were so close to Times Square that the neon lights could be seen in our room at night. The rooms were clean and spacious with airconditioning. The staff was efficicient, friendly, helpful... even funny. Everyday, we could be found in Rick's Cafe (open 24 hours) having complimentary breakfast (not your typical continental breakfast) in the morning and wine  cheese in the afternoon. Rick's was the perfect place for the whole group to meet when we were getting ready to go somewhere. The hotel adjoins the parking garage next door, which was VERY CONVENIENT for those of us who drove into the city, and we were able to get discounted parking with hotel validation. By the way, while you're in town there, make sure to have dinner at Tony's (italian restaurant next door to the hotel).  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kazza88
<Content>What a find!! Had read good reviews of this hotel previously, so was fairly confident we'd made the right choice before we went. When we arrived however, all our expectations were exceeded, the staff were so helpful, friendly and efficient, the attention to detail was superb. It was my daughter's 21st birthday and they upgraded us from a standard room to a suite and provided complimentary champagne  chocolates. They greeted us by name every day, okay it is a small hotel but even so, it's that little attention to detail that makes all the difference. The standard of the rooms  service was that of a hotel costing twice as much. Highly highly recommended and I can't wait to visit again!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>On2ur
<Content>Loved the Casablanca! We stayed in the Casablanca from the 22-26 March 2007. I went with my two parents and my sister. It was our first time at the Casablanca and I had done a lot of searching on Tripadvisor before booking anywhere. All I can say is that the reviews about the fantastic the staff are completely true. Our first encounter was with Mike, who booked us in after a tiring flight from Ireland. He arranged a table for us at Tony's Restaurant (next door) and advised us to rest our weary bones upstairs in Rick's Cafe with a nice glass of wine until the table was ready. I shouldn't single Mike out though because everyone was so nice to us when we were there and all the men at the lobby were equally friendly and helpful. The ladies who served the wine and cheese (complimentary from 5-8 each evening) were lovely and great fun. By the way, the complimentary breakfast and the wine and cheese evenings are a great bonus.My parents particularly liked the safe, friendly, intimate environment of the Casablanca as it was very laid back and fun.The rooms are great - clean, big bathrooms, a safe, television, dvd player, alarm clock radio, and a mini-bar (if you dare!)It is so central - literally off Times Square. 20 minutes walk in one direction to the Empire State Building, Macys, etc. 15 minutes walk in the other direction to St. Patrick's Cathedral, 5th Ave, Central Park. Great restaurants and bars are literally on your doorstep. Overall staying at the Casablanca was a fantastic experience and I couldn't recommend it highly enough.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jandm6035
<Content>A stones' throw from Times Square One hundred yards from Times Square this is a hotel in a great location. You hardly need to leave W43rd Street for good restaurants and bars - you will of course. The Brooklyn Diner with its fabulous cheescakes and entrees, Tony's for the great meatballs and the Heartland Brewery for locally brewed beer and great steaks are all within fifty yards. Hotel room was compact and had all facilites. With just six floors it was no surprise that there was not a view. The desk was extremely helpful, breakfast was light and good and the early evening wine service helped to meet others.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>smiem
<Content>Loved the Casablana Great hotel. Great staff! They were kind, friendly and helpful.My only concern was that the hotel rooms didn't have peep holes. If I was staying alone I would have been concerned.In each room there was free wireless internet and a high speed cable available (if your laptop didn't wasn't wi-fi ready). There was also a computer and printer in the breakfast/wine cheese room on the 2nd floor available for use. No extra charge for any of this.Beds were super comfy.Bathrooms small, not much storage space, but shower water pressure was terrific and shower nozzle was up high so even a tall person doesn't need to bend over to wash their hair.Wine, cheese, champagne, crackers, popcorn, fruit available in the afternoon from 5 - 8! This was awesome and gave us a boost until our evening meal after the theater.We were given bottled water in our room each day, this was included in price!!! So often, you pay extra for this. Rooms have a good sized safe, mini bar and DVD player.Our stay was fabulous and I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>noise-boy
<Content>Great hotel with fantastic staff This hotel is a gem in the heart of Manhatten. The rooms are a good size with a nice large bathroom. Room has a DVD player and DVDs are available from reception including Casablanca! Breakfast and the all day refreshments are great and served in a lovely atmosphere. The hotel's location and atmosphere are second to none but the best thing about this place are the staff, they genuinley want to help you in anyway they can. Overall 10/10!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WackyLondon
<Content>Fab, really made our holiday Its all true what people say about this place, its a great place to stay. Great location, Very friendly, helpful etc....Breakfast you could'nt ask for more and if you did then they would accomadate! i'm sure. Nice touches are the wine and cheese evenings, the internet and of course the dressing gowns, it really was like being at home! They deserve to be number 1. Tip about statue of liberty pre book on line for ferry and time pass, you then just pick up your tickets/passes from will call just opposit the main ticket booth. Your ferry tickets can be used for a year, although time pass into statue is only for the pre booked day. Helicoptor ride was fantastic and saved time and money by going to the down town heliport on pier 6, check it out.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Eire01
<Content>Would recommend to a friend Just back from a two night stay in this really lovely hotel.We had read the reviews on Trip Advisor before booking and they are completely accurate.It is a lovely hotel in the middle of it all with some great people working there. They are extremely helpful and genuinely nice guys. Riks cafe is an excellent idea and the ladies there are super at what they do.The Queen rooms are a reasonable size with surprisingly large bathrooms. The hotel is very clean and well maintained.We would have no hesitation in booking this hotel when we return to NY in the future.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>GrimHeads
<Content>Times Square Best Kept Secret? We booked this Hotel based on the reviews posted here on Trip Advisor, and it definitely lived up to our expectations. Bearing in mind its' location, the Hotel was very quiet. You are just yards from frantic Times Square and just a few minutes walk from bus stops and Times Square Subway Station. The complimentary breakfast and the evening cheese/wine from 5pm to 8pm were very enjoyable touches.The room was not huge, but was very comfortable and spotlessly clean. There was a walk in wardrobe which also contained a safe (no payment required). There was also a large TV, and CD/ DVD players. The bathroom had a great shower with complimentary toiletries and a really powerful hairdrier.What made our stay great, however, were the friendly and attentative staff, especially Mike at Reception who recommended a lovely restaurant and also the charming lady (originally from Bulgaria I believe) who served the wine in the evening!We would recommend this Hotel to anyone, and hope that we will be returning in the not too distant future.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jaytraveller
<Content>What does one say............... Everything has been said, a gem of a hotel, with the best staff you could wish to find, the lounge area is a must, yes the free breakfast, and help your self refreshments go down a treat, the cheese and wine, is a great way to unwind after a hectic day, the location is fantastic, just a few steps off Times Square. The guys on reception go out of the way to help.......they are the best. Now for the bedroom, we were shown 2, one over looking the street, and one inside, we opted for the second, as we thought it may be quieter there, plus it was slightly larger. I must say that both rooms were of high standard, but sadly the second was right next to the elevator...if you are a lite sleeper...try to avoid these rooms, I found the queen size bed small to European standards, plus the window looked out on what I guess are ventalation units, either from the hotel or a restaurant., having booked 8 months prior, I was a bit unhappy with the room. Yes we could have been moved the next day, but we stayed but.Would I visit again, yes I would....this hotel is special...but I would sort out the room at the time of booking.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Site2See
<Content>The Casablanca is a Must Stay! The Casablanca is a wonderful Hotel located in the heart of Manhattan.This was our second stay here and it is worth every penny.It is unlike any other Manhattan Hotel,very unique.The staff are very friendly and attentive to your every needs.They even hailed us a cab in a snow storm! That's how good they treat there customers.The rooms are comfortable and clean,with a stocked mini-bar,complementary bottles of water and a nice size marble bathroom w/tub and shower.On the second floor you will find Rick's Cafe,what a great place to just relax,read a newspaper (they have them all),watch TV,use the Internet for FREE!,or just enjoy a hot or cold beverage with a various assortment of cookie's 24/7.In the morning till 10:30am they have a very nice continental breakfast consisting of juices,assorted fruits,muffins,bagels,croissants,and cereals.In the evening from 5:00-7:00pm they have a very nice wine and cheese reception with various types of cheeses,crackers and of course wines.You can also enjoy at this time a pianist who will play any request.Overall you will not be disapointed.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>meditativo
<Content>Well done!       the cosy living room in Casablanca Hotel  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Shroomer
<Content>Of all the Joints....... Travelling alone to NYC for the first time, it was important to find a comfortable, conveniently located hotel where personal service and size meant something more than the big chains offer.Trip advisor reviews served me well for a stay at the hotel Santa Maria in Rome last summer so expectations were high for Casablanca rated #2 in New York. It did not disappoint. Staff were terrific, room and public areas nicely furnished, equipped and cleaned to a very high standard.I enjoyed breakfast, and complimentary evening snacks and was made to feel right at home during the 4 nights of my stay. Jason and Al (front desk  concierge) couldn`t have been more obliging and friendly.Midtown location was ideal for majority of sights and I would have no hesitation booking this hotel again when next in NYC.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>katydidlynn
<Content>The Perfect Manhattan Hotel My husband and I travel quite a bit, both for business and personal purposes. The Casablanca is the best overall hotel I have experienced, considering location, service, premises and price. We stayed at the Casablanca in the beginning of March 2007, which was my third time staying at the hotel, and as usual, the Casablanca did not disappoint me! The rooms are very spacious, especially for a city hotel. The location is impossible to beat - right off of Times Square, but it would be hard to guess by the extremely reasonable price. However, the best part of the Casablanca is the service. The hotel staff is so helpful and knowledgeable about the city. I always feel so welcome when I stay at the Casablanca! I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Manhattan!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Madtravelers
<Content>Hidden Gem in Times Square We just returned from a long weekend in NYC. The hotel was a hidden gem. The location is fantastic; 1/2 block off Times Square on 43rd street. Included in the rate is a great 2nd floor lounge called Rick's place with a nice breakfast, happy hour and often a piano man. The staff was very helpful and did whatever was needed or asked. It reminded us of the hotels we find in London. The room was more than adequately sized for the two of us. We will definitely stay there again on our next trip to NYC.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LuvToTravel
<Content>Casablanca great again! We (3 couples) stayed at the Casablanca for a theater weekend January 9-10. Once again the hotel worked out well in every respect. Good location, nice size queen rooms with large upscale bathrooms, wine and cheese by the fire place as well as breakfast in the 2nd floor lounge area, great and friendly staff and reasonable prices.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NjSusan
<Content>Perfect. A perfect location for exploring NYC! Clean, courteous staff, a very quiet room (request one at the back of the house), nice breakfast in a cozy lounge (for FREE) and wine  cheese in the afternoons. We loved it, and we've stayed at many luxury properties.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>catch22milo38
<Content>Fantastic Hotel and Service This hotel receives great reviews on the website and as such was an important factor in choosing the hotel. I work in the 'Services' sector and as such have a high expectation in terms of customer service. Having stayed at the hotel last week on a 5 day break, I can not praise this hotel highly enough.All of the staff I met were professional, polite, courteous, knowledgeable and very efficient. One (amongst many) example was on the Monday, where in casual conversation with the reception staff I mentioned that I was looking to go to a jazz club that evening and had mentioned that Les Paul (a world renowned, award winning guitarist) was rumoured to play a weekly set in New York. Later that afternoon whilst out sightseeing I received a call from reception on my mobile. They had tracked down the club (Iridium - also reccommended), confirmed Les Paul was actually playing that evening, provisionally reserved seats and wanted to know if we wanted to proceed with the reservation. Thats customer service! My room was vary spacious with a large comfortable bed and a large well stocked bathroom with quality accessories. The room also has some nice touches (e.g. up to date copies of Time Out etc so that you can see exactly what is going on/currently reccommended - which you cant get from a guide book). The lounge area is great for unwinding after a long day sightseeing and the cheese and wine is ideal before heading out for evening excursions. The location is great and if you sit outside the lounge area on the patio its difficult to imagine you are less than 50 metres from Times Square. We returned the day after the heavy snow showers in New York. You can imagine the traffic. The bell boy insisted on going outside whilst we waited in reception before returning fifteen minutes having successfully flagged down a cab. Great hotel, Great location, Great service.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>twistedwheelnut
<Content>Great location, great hotel The hotel is just a few yards from Time Square, although you wouldn't realise because, once inside, the noise and hustle-bustle of the street instantly disappears into an oasis of calm and relaxation. We stayed for a few nights in February, when it was cold and snowy outside, and it was so nice to come in to a warm, peaceful hotel after a long day's sightseeing. It's a 10 minute walk from Grand Central mainline station, or a 2 minute walk from Time Square subway station, and for theatre lovers, you could not ask to be closer to the heart of the theatre district.Our room was a good size with a decent bathroom. The bath wasn't huge but we didn't need it as the shower worked perfectly well. I'd forgotten to bring shaving foam and toothpaste but the hotel staff provided me with both, only a couple of minutes after i rang reception. The bed was enormous - probably could have fitted 4 people, let alone 2! The hotel heating was very efficient, if not a little bit too effective - we ended up sleeping with the window open to avoid over-heating during the night - but, i'd much rather be too warm and have to open a window rather than being too cold and, as it was so cold outside, it was great to be able to get warm after being out on the streets. The room had an air-con unit but it was fairly noisy so we didn't use it. Our room only had a view over a central courtyard but it wasn't a problem as we hadn't exactly gone there expecting to see the hanging gardens of babylon outside the window! The walls between rooms must have been thick too, because we never heard a sound from any other residents.The free breakfast was fairly simple (bagels, croissants, egg, fruit + cereal) but was more than adequate and in plentiful supply. The afternoon cheese + wine buffet was excellent and was available for 3 hours each afternoon between 5-8pm. The hotel had a lounge area that was open all day to residents, where breakfast and wine buffet were served. It also had a computer with internet connection that was free to use and a coffe machine which served a number of different coffees or hot chocolate 24 hours a day.The staff were all very friendly and helpful and only too happy to assist us in anything we needed, particularly in sorting out our return travel to the airport.Overall, a really good hotel, with lots of 'extras', in a fantastic location, at a decent price (for central Manhattan) - we had a great time staying there.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>kezz
<Content>** great hotel ** My boyfriend and I stayed at the hotel between 15th and the 23rd Jan 2007. I booked this hotel mainly due to the reviews on this site, so felt I should leave a review.This was our 4th trip and we usually use a different hotel every trip. Not anymore!This hotel is very good value for money, having the option of breakfast is great. It cuts down on wasted time trying to find a dinner and is great value. The choices were fruit, yougart, bagels, muffins and cerials. The only negitive point is that we found it very hard to get a seat during the weekend and felt the hotel should provide more seats at this busy time. ** might I add that the girls who work in the hotel cafe are brilliant, very friendly and wont allow you to lift a finger.I was unsure about the wine and cheese receptions, we are in our mid 20's and didnt know what the age range would be, however it was great and with good quality drinks and help when I was getting ready for night out!The bedrooms were fine and came wih everything you could need. My only problem was that I felt the beds were uncomfortable, but each to their own I suppose.The room and bathroom was kept very clean by daily maid service.The reception staff were great, very friendly and helpful. I will deff use this hotel again and am considering it for my return shopping trip with my friend later this year in September.Hope this helps any future hoildays!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BigJaydog
<Content>Warm spot amidst the New York wintry cold Excellent hotel and good value for this expensive area. The cafe, wine and cheese along with the internet access were nice touches. The decor was also excellent with the only downside being the room was a little on the small side - everything's huge in the U S of A afterall.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BorgsBearsted
<Content>A Little Gem If you like small and friendly, attentive staff and a great location, don't think about it, just BOOK IT! The 24 hour tea, coffee, cakes and cookies is a nice touch as is the late afternoon wine, cheese and biscuits. Basic rooms are a bit on the small side but guess that's Manhattan! We loved it...  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Blockster
<Content>Better every time This was our fourth stay at the Casablanca, just an overnight to see a show and get away. Of course, we chose the evening with the worst weather of the season, February 13th. As everyone mentions, the staff is warm and friendly, but not in your face. The accomodations are topnotch. The toiletries have a delicious orange fragrance. Many of the people staying there were in for the Westminster Dog Show. Since our two are of questionable parentage and deplorable manners, we were not in a position to participate in these discussions. But the wine and cheese were wonderful (and of sufficient quantity for us to leave dinner for after the play) and we were able to check our email on the computer in Rick's Cafe.Just a warning if you are driving in. The Casablanca gives you a nice discount at the parking garage next door. HOWEVER, if you stay over the 24 hours, you will be getting a very unpleasant surprise. We went to the Museum of Natural History the morning of the 14th, leaving our bags with the bell staff. We had arrived at 1:30 PM the day before, and headed for home at 2. That one half hour delay cost us $21+ We would have gotten back a little earlier, had we known.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bamafutbal
<Content>Staff is what makes this Hotel My wife and I go to NYC every June for our wedding anniversary, we picked this hotel based on tripadvisor recommendations and they were absolutely on the mark with this hotel. Easy access to everything downtown. food, wine, room, staff all 5 star, if this hotel had a pool and gym, it would be a 10 out of 10 instead of a 9.8 out of 10!!!!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Big-Flip
<Content>Great staff; great hotel I only stayed in NY for one night last week - and picked the Casablanca on the basis of the Tripadviser reviews - and they are not wrong. The hotel itself is in an incredible location - just off Times Square. The rooms are as good as you could get for location and are clean and well stocked. The breakfast is good for a basic continental and certainly adequate - unless you like to gorge yourself on a cooked breakfast - something only possible in bigger hotels. The real plus was the staff. I cannot remember coming across a nicer bunch of people than the front desk and bellhop staff. I ended up spending a lot longer checking in (it was late at night) just chatting to the guys on the front desk - and did the same checking out (it was quiet). They stored my bag and helped me move into the room without the usual hanging around for a tip and got me a limo to the airport because there were no cabs around. An excellent experience - I will stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Paul Schofield
<Content>An Oasis of calm We booked the Casablanca for 5 nights in New York as part of an anniversary trip to the USA in November.Everything was great - I wondered about the complimentary breakfast and cheese / wine - the quality was much better than I expected. Also the lounge was so calm and peaceful.We asked for a quiet room - we got one. The room was not large, but everything was good quality. We really liked the front desk staff who were always friendly and helpful.Being from the UK, and a first time visitor to New York, I can not compare with other New York hotels, or comment on value - but if you are looking for a place which is close to the tourist spots for a first time visitor to NY, this is a tremendous choice.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>AtlanticJim
<Content>Excellent choice for theatre district Although we live in the area, we chose to stay overnight in midtown after a wine tasting around the corner. Pros: Location, Location, Location. Just steps from Times Square. Surprisingly quiet for a Manhattan hotel (how do they do it?) Convenient inexpensive parking right next door. Very attentive friendly staff with a total can-do attitude. Beautiful comfortable common areas. Coffee and tea available 24/7. Room decor is themed and a welcome change from the ho-hum routine. Large shower, comfortable for two. Sparkling clean.Con:Only one con, the bed was lumpy, but I am sure they would have changed the room if we had mentioned it.Enjoy your stay at this incredible gem in Midtown.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hopeful29
<Content>Great experience We spent 4 night at the Casablanc. The staff was very helpful and the lounge was a pleasant place to stay. Our room was small but quiet. We love the location and the size of the hotel. This was our fourth stay.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GuyfromItalia
<Content>I would stay here again and again. Fined you hotel on the internet searching for the prosecco wines. Hotel is a friendly, homey place in the heart of NYC. The location is great with good access to Broadway and shopping. The staff were so, so friendly, and the room of decent size and great quality for the price. Very clean - absolutely satisfied. Free quality wines a huge, huge plus. They asked me to please post my review - a good sign that they are confident of the great quality of the establishment. I would stay here again and again.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>WinterWanderer
<Content>So Wonderful! We have stayed at the Casablance before, so knew what to expect - a wonderful oasis of calm in the middle of Times Square. We were in town to attend shows and shop, so the hotel is most convenient, as it is quite literally right off Times Square. The premises are impeccable, belied by a totally unassuming exterior. The staff are wonderful! They are friendly, helpful and make one feel as if one were a guest in their home. The Casablanca is so much nicer than the impersonal behemoths only a few blocks away.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>oreillykm
<Content>Love this hotel! Hello Everyone, myself and the girlfriend are just back from an amazing trip to New York from Ireland 鈥?a trip that would not have been the same without staying in the Casablanca. This was our first trip to 鈥渢he states鈥?and we were a little shell shocked when we landed smack bang in the middle of Times Square. When we booked in they had upgraded our room and they made sure to remind us of the free reception downstairs. The room was very nice and really quiet 鈥?we were very happy! We headed down to Rick鈥檚 lounge to be greeted with a complimentary glass of bubbly and a great selection of cheese and snacks. I would say that over our stay some people hogged both the free wine and cheese and the breakfasts all week 鈥?but maybe they were right to take everything? This meant that sometimes it was hard to get a table or to get near the bar 鈥?but that is more of a reflection on other guests than the hotel itself!On our second day the staff at reception spent a huge amount of time helping us organise our trip and gave us tonnes of tips and useful information 鈥?they were excellent and gave us just the right level of attention (as helpful and friendly as needed but not 鈥渋n your face鈥?. All that remains to be said is that when we go back we would not consider for a second staying anywhere else 鈥?keep up the good work you guys!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NIrelandandLondon
<Content>Perfect Hotel and Location Just back from our first ever trip to New York on the 22nd and what a wonderful time we had. Great City and great little hotel. The location could not possibly have been better, about 50 feet from Times Square yet we were amazed how quiet it was in the evenings. The room was bigger than the room we had in Paris so no problem at all. The staff were wonderful. The complimentary breakfasts, tea and coffeee all day and the afternoon wine and cheese were lovely gestures that make you feel appreciated.I would thoroughly recommend anyone to stay at The Casablanca but be warned this is not some cheesy themed hotel it is merely a hotel with nice Moroccan style decor.New York itself was a delight and we could not believe how friendly everyone was. Despite some of the things written about Americans in the last few years the only loud obnoxious people we came across were in fact European! Will be back in NY and at The Casablanca as soon as the bank manager will allow.STEA-M Northern Ireland  England  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>trollking
<Content>Quite Simply Outstanding - What all Hotels Should Aspire To Be Like       Room view 1  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>DotAtlanta
<Content>NYC Delight Had 3 lovely rooms, one of which was upgraded upon check in. Rooms are charming, drawer space in closet, safe secured into wall, excellent attractive bathroom. All is good, but best is the staff. Guys at reception are knowledgeable, efficient, friendly and have excellent sense of humor. The young doorman is most friendly giving you a welcome each time you return to the hotel. Nice to have the extensive European continental breakfast, and the wine/cheese, coffee, cookie hours in the pm.Daisy, in Ricks' Cafe very efficient and friendly also. It was very cold when we visited, and upon our departure the doorman walked our luggage to the corner , obtained a taxi,put the luggage in the cab (taxi driver just stood there). All was done without asking for any help. We all have traveled extensively and stayed at many different types of hotels. I was extremely pleased with the selection of the Casablanca. This will be MY hotel when visiting NYC.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>courtholden
<Content>The Best Treatment in the United States I found Casablanca from the reviews of previous guest on the trip advisor website. It was all everyone said it was plus more. The concierge team was the best in the U.S. We felt so safe in such a busy place. We requested a suite which was nice in size and clean. A warm breakfast awaited us when we woke up and wine and cheese were available as we needed a pick me up in the later part of the day. The ladies that served us were SO KIND and accomodating. I wouldn't have been able to stay for a long vacation because the beds were a bit firm, but do not let this in any way distract you because the hotel makes up for it in every other way. Great dining is right next door (TONY'S is a MUST) and broadway shows are a very short walking distance. This hotel will more than just do the job.... I will ALWAYS stay in this hotel for my future visits to NYC. To the owner of this hotel...A big Thank you to Mike, Jason, Peter, Brandon, and Vennie. Employing these gentlemen to service your hotel is what made our trip! All were extremely respectful and more than accomodating. Keeping quality employees like these gentlemen will take Casablanca to #1. There were seven of us on this trip and we will all spread the word of the greatest hotel in New York City. Thanks!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelbbug
<Content>Lovely Little Hotel in an Ideal Location This is a wonderful little hotel right at Times Square---the location cannot be beat for gettting around everywhere. The rooms are very comfortable, beautifully clean and quiet if you are in the back of the hotel. Yes, they are a bit small but that is NYC. It is definitely adequate for a good stay here. We stayed for about 5 days. The continental breakfasts and all day drinks/coffee where nice. The fruit salad and fresh fruit were excellent. The breakfast were definitely better than your average continental fare at other hotels. I think the best part of this hotel is the free wifi, complimentary snacks 24 hours a day, and fantastic location. We could even bring any visitors to the second level lounge for coffees and snacks. The staff made us feel very welcome and everything was very much a home away from home attitude. Overall, a very comfortable hotel that offers you peace of mind and old fashioned service in an excellent location.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>midgetlover
<Content>37 Paces to Times Square, now thats close!!! The hotel would agree that the main selling point of this hotel is its location. You literally come out of the front door turn right and you are in Times Square within seconds (or 37 paces, as measured by me).I would agree that there are probably cheaper hotel's nearby and with slightly bigger rooms BUT its just a great little hotel. Again it was a case of that can't do enough for you attitude from the staff. The real bonus for us was the breakfast in the morning and the cheese and biscuits in the evening. Go on just book it!!Thanks to the staff.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pegnbuck
<Content>Just Another Fabulous Review Recently returned from four nights at the Casablanca and am looking forward to a return trip in the Fall.Anything I could say would just be a reiteration of the reviews that have come before. All I can say is that I would heartily recommend this hotel to anyone that enjoys a European-type hotel experience.Yes, the room was small, though accomodating enough. Bath, cleanliness, etc. all excellent. But, what really makes this hotel stand out is the staff, from the front desk, to the breakfast/bar workers to the housekeeping staff all were professional, courteous and (as in a five star hotel) always meet a request with a 'yes, that is possible'.Thanks so much to all at the Casablana for making our trip truly a delight.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>parkview25
<Content>Wonderful Everything about this place was wonderful. Its position, the staff, the breakfasts, the room though a bit small was wonderful too. Thoroughly recommend this hotel to everybody  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MissBette
<Content>Champagne  Followed Tripadvisor and stayed with Casablanca Hotel Jan 4 - 6, 2007. My husband and I couldn't have been more pleased with the excellent service and attention to detail. We arrived early (noon) to the hotel and were able to check into our room immediately. The rooms were small, yet very clean, quiet, and nicely furnished. Staff was friendly and helpful. We enjoyed the complimentary breakfast and the wine  cheese reception each day. Also, used the free internet located in Rick's several times (very convenient). So close to Times Square, just around the corner from ABC Studios. Had dinner at Tony's, the restaurant boasts a great atmosphere  very large portions. We will most definitely stay at the Casablanca again.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Traveler074
<Content>It's all true! Don't stay anywhere else! I picked the Casablanca based on TripAdvisor reviews, which have never steered me wrong. My son and I stayed there January 4-7, 2007. We arrived at 10:15 AM and they actually managed to give us a room right away, even though check-in isn鈥檛 officially until 3 PM. I have stayed in four different hotels in the Times Square area, and this is the only one I would go back to. Hotels are almost never clean enough for me, and this one was great. The staff members are as friendly and helpful as everyone says, the caf茅 has drinks and some food (all free) available 24 hours a day (fruit, pastries, cookies, and an espresso machine that dreams are made of 鈥?fresh-ground regular or decaf at the touch of a button), and the breakfast buffet and evening wine reception are both great. The caf茅 is pretty and kept very clean. Our room had two beds, so perhaps it was larger than the average room, but we did not find it at all unusually small. It鈥檚 really amazing that this hotel is a few steps away from Times Square, because it has the feel of a London BB hotel and is completely quiet. It really seems that everything has been taken care of with an eye to making guests feel comfortable and welcome, not like a herd of cattle being shuttled through.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sailonjkm
<Content>Best keept secret in times square This was such a lovely surprise. We were thinking of staying in one of the larger hotels overlooking times square for the view. We are very happy that we changed plans. This hotel is a quiet lovely retreat at the end of a New York city fast paced day. I would say it was a pleasure to return to at the end of a long day. The location could not be better  the staff was wonderfull. I will be back to the Cassablanca Hotel!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Trappercat
<Content>A gem in Times Square I was intrigued by a 48-room hotel in Times Square. Having stayed in numerous small hotels in Europe, I was prepared for smaller sized rooms.I was greeted at the front desk with my reservation information ready for initials and my luggage was whisked away by a bellman who explained everything in the room. He encouraged me to join the wine, champagne and cheese reception in Rick's cafe.I enjoyed both the evening reception and the buffet breakfast in a room that was comfortable, open, yet private. Newspapers were in all corners and it was a generally relaxed atmosphere.I was surprise with how beautiful the appointments were in my room and by how quiet the room was. I had stayed on the 30th floor of the Marriott Marquis and this 6th floor room was infinitely more quiet.I'll be back to New York and am definitely happy that my company has added Casablanca to the list of approved hotels.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Hellionwheels
<Content>Love the Casablanca Love this hotel! Great staff and service; the complementary wine and cheese service was the best. The location was perfect, and the hotel was small, intimate and charming. On top of everything else, it was a great deal for the price. I would stay here every time i came to NYC!  
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jeniferbee
<Content>great service and value We stayed at this hotel 12/17-12/20, and had a wonderful time. As mentioned in numerous reviews, the staff goes out of their way to be accommodating. We arrived at 10:30am on Sunday, well ahead of the 3pm check-in time, and I expected to store our bags for a few hours. The front desk took our bags, insisted we go upstairs to Rick's Cafe to unwind after our ride, and they would see if they had a room available. They did, and delivered our luggage before we were able to get to the room ourselves.Our room was small, but functional, and spotless (especially the bathroom!). No noise problems whatsoever. Upon check-out we decided to have lunch at Tony's (next door -has an entrance through the hotel). We sat back with a couple glasses of wine, and my husband went to check us out. As our car had not arrived the front desk staff stored our luggage, and insisted that he go back over to Tony's while they checked us out. They came over to the restaurant to settle the bill, give us our copy, and even make change. Finally, when we went back over to the hotel for our car, they insisted that we wait in Rick's cafe again, which would be much more comfortable than the lobby. We relaxed until they came up to tell us our car was ready, and then helped us into it. A very stress-free way to end a trip.We booked a car back to the airport through the hotel, and although about $25 more expensive than other options, we were able to put this charge on our credit card (it included gratuity and tolls), the car was clean, provided mints, water, and magazines, and came with a very professional suited driver who didn't try to make small talk. Very nice way to return to the airpot.Highly, highly recommended.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TravelingN0mad
<Content>Very happy with my stay here Booked this hotel after reading the other reviews on this site. I have to say I was very pleased. The hotel is in a great location and the rooms are nice  spacious. Key thing that impressed me was the friendliness of all the staff and the 24hr lounge where you can help yourself to drinks  snacks.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rosie1
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed here 24/11/06 to 27/11/06. Our room was a standard room, it was quite small as previously stated, walking around/over suitcases, but the room itself was very well decorated and the bathroom was great too. The staff were all very friendly and helpful. Ricks Cafe was a wonderful place for a drink and a bite to eat. Drinks and biscuits available all day and the wine and cheese evenings except Sundays were a nice touch. There is use of the internet here which I used a few times. The location is great for TS and there are numerous subway entrances nearby. This hotel was wonderful to come back to after a busy day sightseeing. If you want to be close to TS this is the hotel for you although with easy access to the subway you are never far away from anywhere. Would definitely recommend this hotel if you were looking for a small, boutique style hotel.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CarolynandColin
<Content>Wow - what a fabulous place This must be one of the best hotels we have ever stayed in - and we stay in a lot all over the world.True - what some people say - the rooms a fairly small - but in New York who stays in their room.The situation of the hotel was superb - just off Times Square - five minutes from Macys in one direction - the same for 5th Ave and Central park in another.The staff - these were the very best ever - so helpful - made our stay much enjoyable and worthwhile as we did not have to waste time looking for places.Tip. Ask them staff to book for you at Tony's next door - great place, great food and very busy!!!!Also the tea, coffee wine etc was great - Will definetly go back to this hotel again as soon as we canThanks once again Casablanca  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fast1300
<Content>Great place wonderful staff wow what a great little hotel this is rooms are compact but comfortable but the location just off times square is fantastic the noise level was very good despite some construction near bye butthe big reason to stay is the staff the are just so friendly and helpfull makes you want to stay longer the breakfast /relaxation room on the second floor is a great place to meet other and have a chat would highly recommend  
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>prettybird
<Content>Loved the Casablanca Hotel ! My niece and I stayed here this past weekend and it truly is a wonderful place. The entire staff is very friendly and helpful! Peter arranged a car service for us to and from the airport and Dan followed through with my request to have champagne upon our arrival. After a full day of shopping, we wanted to get a nice foot massage and they suggested a place they personally go to for this and scheduled our appointments to have this done. Wow, the massage was soo great! The rooms were spotless and the beds ever so comfortable. Rick's Cafe was also very nice with the free wine and cheese, breakfast, and goodies available throughout the day. All this, and a fabulous location in the heart of Times Square (I could not believe how quiet the room was) make it a must for anyone to consider with an NYC visit. I know I will return. My thanks to all at the Casablanca!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ladytron
<Content>Wonderful hotel!       the casablanca - facing times square  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>S&PD1
<Content>Home from Home The Casablanca can only be described as a home from home. It was a perfect haven of tranquility set just off Times Square, the location could not have been better. The staff were very attentive and could not have done any more for you. When I book with Venere I didn't get a room option and when we arrived at the Casablanca our room and bed were extremely small. We asked at reception if we could move to a bigger room and were told that there was nothing available for that night but they would move us to a superior room the next day for the duration of our stay at no extra charge - what more could anyone want!! The room we transfered to was perfect and the size of room and bed was what we had come to expect from hotels in USA. We absolutely loved it and would recommend it without hesitation to anyone travelling to New York - A 'little jem', 5 stars!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>myrtal
<Content>a must for any trip to New York Trip advisor member from Merseyside, EnglandMy Husband and I and our two freinds stayed for 3 days at this Boutique hotel which has it all, the rooms a little small but spotlessly clean and comfortable,and the enormous shower is great, the location is perfect. The hotel staff are superb, I broke a tooth on my visit, I asked if they new of a dentist, not only did they advise me of one, but spoke to the dentist personally, (even though he was off duty), and made me an appointment the next day before his surgery started, this was a godsend to me at that time, so a big thanks for that.There is daily cheese and wine in the evening, a lovely touch, and also FREE internet use, which was just great. The adjoining restaurant, Tony's, was also very good, the meals are of a massive portion, and enjoyed every mouthful. So all in all an extremely fabulous time in New York, made by the fabulous time we spent at the Casablanca hotel, can't wait 'till we visit again, 'cos we would certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NicknJules
<Content>Fabulous Hotel The Casablanca Hotel lived up to all the reviews - small but perfectly formed. The location is just perfect, a short walk from the Empire State Building, the Chrysler Building, Rockafeller Centre, Grand Central Station and despite being just off Times Square it is incredibly quiet. The staff were a delight, friendly and helpful. The rooms are small but have everything you need, the beds are so comfortable and the shower a great size. The daily Cheese and Wine is a lovely way to start your evening. We particularly liked the personal feel to this hotel, we popped into one of those thousand room hotels of a large respected chain - it was soulless compared to our little gem. For the price we paid we felt that it was great value for money and really enjoyed our stay there.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>SunnySideSizzler
<Content>Experience the Casablanca....You'll Be Glad You Did!       Manning The Front Desk  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bouff
<Content>A great Hotel I was hoping to give the wonderful Casablanca an excellent rating. However as explained below I do feel let down,We stayed for three nights prior to joining our Caribbean cruise out of New York. We were due to stay another night upon our return which co-incided with the weekend of the NY Marathon.When we returned from our cruise and went to check in apparently our second reservation was not in their system and no room was available. To their credit they quickly found us a room at one of their sister properties which was not too far away but not as close to Times Square. That was disappointing as we had restaurant and theatre bookings for the Saturday evening. I had exchanged e-mails with the Hotel only a week or two before we left regarding a transfer back to the airport. Therefore I do just wonder whether this was a deliberate ploy to maximise occupancy across this small chain of Hotels. There is a similar story from another post around last Christmas.All that said our three day stay was just great. The room was a reasonable size as was the bathroom. We were situated at the back of the Hotel and had no view but you don't go to New York to look at the view, you go to walk! The room was clean and well equipped. The staff at the Hotel were friendly and helpful. The buffet breakfast was more than adequate. A useful tip, to get a nicer coffee than that obtained from the flasks, make yourself an expresso in a mug from the machine and top it up with the hot water button.The evening wine and cheese reception was also good and saved the price of a pre-dinner drink!This is a well run friendly small hotel very well situated for tourists to New York.Highly recommended but double check your booking!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>cherpalm
<Content>Loved the Casablanca!       Great offerings at Rick's Cafe  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jonny99
<Content>Kitschy, Campy, Cool With rates starting north of $225 per night, choosing lodging in NYC carries more risk than most cities. If you go by property size, price, or brand name (e.g., Hilton) you won鈥檛 happen across Hotel Casablanca. This is unfortunate as the hotel offers originality and a great location in the theater district. The theme is more nominally organized around the movie Casablanca than the advertising would suggest; however, the Arabesque touches make for a memorable stay. Free continental breakfast (think muffins and coffee) and an evening wine and cheese reception timed to the shows make up for a complete lack of a view (unless you find fire escapes inspiring). The staff is solicitous and the rooms are clean although small even by midtown Manhattan standards.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>missy20
<Content>loved casablanca Fantastic lacation, between broadway and 6th ave on 43rd street. just a few short steps from times square. the free breakfast was great, it had everything you could need, boiled eggs, cereals, pastries, bagels, fresh fruit, fresh juice, tes and coffee. they also provided you with disposable cups for the coffee and juices. the free cheese and wine ant night was also great. this was all provided in the common room on the second floor, which also had a small courtyard. the staff were very accomodating, and no request was to much bother. the rooms were a good size, and had everything that we needed, tv, dvd player, comfortable beds, plenty of pillows, 2 robes, bathroom toiletries, fans, air conditioning wireless and dsl connections for laptops. the common room also had a computer with a printer. tonys restaurant, was right next door, but they also deliverd to you room if you wanted to stay in. i cant remember the name of the restaurant, the guys at the hotel recomended it. it was this great italian place on 44th between broadway and 6th ave, give it a try if you like italian! we absolutly loved this hotel. i would have no problems in recomending it to anyone!! we will only stay at this hotel in NYC the next time that we visit!!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KJ_&_AM_B
<Content>Aussie's NY oasis We spent a total of eight nights at the Casablanca in August, with a break in Washington in between. We wanted to stay somewhere that had a different atmosphere than standard four and five star hotels we usually stay in for work. We weren't disappointed. It became our home away from home!It was a fantastic location for our first stay in New York (next door to Times Square, only two blocks from 5th Avenue, three minutes walk to the tour buses, subway and Broadway, and a short stroll to the restaurant strip). The 1st floor lounge was our 'oasis' from the hustle and bustle of New York at the end of a long day鈥檚 exploring (the popcorn was excellent!), and the people there were always friendly and happy to help. At our first stint there, we stayed in the standard queen sized room 鈥?a little cramped, but that鈥檚 ok because we spent most of the time exploring New York anyway. At our second stint (after Washington) we stayed in a king room 鈥?much better sized, very comfortable and not that much more expensive. The bathrooms were cramped but we understand that鈥檚 standard for New York. Tony's restaurant next door was very handy, and they even delivered to our room the night we stayed in to watch the Emmys. When we look back at our holiday in New York, we always include the Casablanca Hotel as one of the key reasons we enjoyed it so much. We鈥檇 highly recommend it to any traveller.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>chrissybabe
<Content>anniversary stay Nice small hotel, great location. Stayed 21st - 26th October 06. Room was small and overlooked back of other bulidings with noise from airconditioning units - but clean. Towels and linen changed daily and should be for price paid $329 per night. Rick's cafe brill. Stung with taxes though at end of stay! $100 more than quoted by reserve travel, buyer beware! This spoiled things for us. NYC - cold and everything overpriced. Will not revisit.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>amelanchier
<Content>Oasis of calm We stayed at this hotel on our first visit to New York from 18th to 23rd October 2006. Having booked a long time before our visit wewere a little apprehensive but need not have worried. From the moment we got out of our taxi we were met with friendly smiling staff for whom nothing was too much trouble. We arrived earlier than expected and were told that breakfast was still available whilst our room was made ready (upgraded from queen to king by the hotel for the same rate). Our cases were whisked away and stored until we needed them. Our room was spotless and large, likewise the bathroom. Towels were changed daily ,sometimes twice. For a hotel so close to Times Square it was so quiet. As soon as you stepped into the lobby the street noise disappeared. Free breakfast was plentiful with staff on hand to replenish everything. The 24hr coffee machine waswonderful and my wife now wants one. Having been out for a very busy day what better than cheese, biscuits, wine or champagne at 5pm, again at no extra charge. A gem of a hotel.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>WeWillGo
<Content>Great Little Hotel This couple highly recommend this smaller, less crowded, quiet hotel within 1/2 block of TimeSquare. Service is excellent;Continental AM and PM snacks are a plus.Rooms are not a Marriott size but very comfortable.Would return..  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>bmw75
<Content>Casablanca, "stay there again, Sam" We stayed at the hotel from October 7th to 11th and had an excellent stay. We booked directly on the hotel web site and had no problems with reservations or communications prior to our stay.This was our first trip to NYC so didn't know what to expect, but were more than delighted with the hotel (love the casablanaca theme decor), staff (very friendly and helpful), room (bigger than exepected with a fantastic bathroom and shower) and location (100yards off time sqaure). Cleanliness in the public areas and the room were excellent.The hotel is an oasis of calm right next to Times Square.The room rate although expensive, in our opinoion it is well worth it and we would definately stay there again. As other people have mentioned, although in a very busy area, we had no problems with noise.Breakfast and afternoon snacks were great.Thoroughly recommend.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>frequentflyer22
<Content>Great place to stay We have traveled extensively  can highly recommend the Casablanca.Although some may feel the room cost is high, an excellent continental breakfast is included plus afternoon wine  cheese. Most NYC hotels do not include breakfast, let alone wine/ cheese. Staff was attentive  friendly, a great location, quiet atmosphere, superior rooms make the Casablanca a real value.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>David-NZ
<Content>A gem of a hotel; what else can we say? We stayed at the Casablanca at the end of September; admittedly only for one night between cruise and plane, but found it absolutely lovely. The staff could not do enough,as they said, to make this your home in New York. From front desk right through to the maids, we were treated with great humour and respect and the service was top notch.Ok, we were upgraded to the Executive Suite so saw it at its best, but nevertheless would stay here again without hesitation. Location;superb;fifty yards from Times Square. The breakfast, on-going cookies and coffee and the wine and cheese at 5 p.m. in Rick's Cafe were great and also the free Internet availablilty to those of who don't have laptops.Reviewers have not mentioned Tonys di Napoli, right next door (and through a secret door from the reception area). A real old-established Italian restaurant with great food, huge portions and real atmosphere.All in all a great end to our USA and Canada vacation and would recommend to anyone.A Trip Advisor Member from Auckland NZ.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rixon
<Content>loved it Stayed at the Casablanca hotel 9th to 15th October. Could'nt be in a better position right next to times sq. Although the hotel is very near to times sq you do not hear a thing when you are in the hotel. We had a back room with no view but although it was a bit dark in there we could not hear any of the outside traffic. Breakfast was good, bagels. croisants, cereal, fruit, fruit juices, coffee, tea etc. Cheese and wine was a nice start to the evening or in our case a sit down with our shoes off after a long day out. Rooms were excellent, nice shower rooms-all very new looking. Staff were very helpful. Don't book your bus tickets with the desk as we had a lot of trouble when we got into times square to try a pay the balance. Go early to Empire state building it gets very busy .. Would recommend the walking tours in central park, they gave us a lot of info that we would'nt have got from the guide books. All in all we had a great time and would definetely go to this hotel as it is right in the heart of everything - most places in walking distance.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>dooper
<Content>Of all the bars in all the world you gotta walk into this one..! We have just returned from our first ever visit to the USA. Our trip involved a three week itinerary in a wide area of locations one of which involved the very necessary visit to New York City. We did our homework at the planning stage and having read favourable reviews of The casablanca, we booked to stay for 5 nights.This is New York City, one of the great cities of the world and as such, hotel prices are not cheap. The Casablanc isnt cheap either but there are times when it really is worth investing in quality and a visit to NYC is such a time and the Casablanca is such a place.The Casablanca is conveniently and centrally situated in a street just off times square. even so it is an oasis of peace in which to seek refuge from the mad ,crazy bustle of NYC. The staff are incredibly friendly, welcoming and accomodating. The hotel sells itself as a themed boutique style hotel and it does it very well with good quality and stylish equipment and decor. True the rooms are small by European standards but then most rooms in NYC are of similar dimensions unless you pay an absolute fortune.Our room was well equipped, clean and comfortable. breakfast is served in a nice comfortable residents lounge and is of good quality, well prepared with a good choice. Coffee etc are available all day and there is the included wine and cheese reception in the afternoon.We can recommend the Casablanca as a great place to stay for your visit to NYC.Joe  Judith, Manchester UK  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SachaZ
<Content>The only place to stay in the big apple This hotel has elegant, understated, old-fashioned decor and an atmosphere to match. Staff are knowledgable, friendly and simply can't do enough to make your stay the best experience possible. Rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable. Complimentary toiletries are top quality too. In terms of location, let's just say that the closest billboard, in Times Square a few feet from the front door, welcomes you to The centre of the universe. Although so close to Times Square, there is none of the noise associated audible within the hotel. The entrance door is so discrete we walked past it on several locations. Considering all this you would expect to pay over the odds, but that isn't the case with room rates being reasonable for a good hotel in the centre of Manhattan. The only drawback was the view, or lack of it, however the trade off was the peace and quiet, so well worth it.PS I understand the staff read all reviews - thanks guys, I told you I would spread the word!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>fairgrieve
<Content>just a short 63 paces the staff almost begged me not to write to you, they are never out of trip advisor top ten new york hotels, that is the reason that we booked with them, they are so overwhelmed with bookings, everything good that you read about them is true, from the welcome and help with luggage upon arrival, we were about an hour early checking in so reception suggested we partake of the free tea, coffee, juices and snacks that are available 24/7 in the very comfortable lounge/breakfast room, guests seemed to be very reluctant to leave this room even leaving for appointments at the very last minute, we had some wonderful conversations, the fellow who was there to judge the body beautiful contest and his partner, mind he ate most of the breakfast eggs, the lady and her party from bermuda on a buying mission at fashion week, they stay at the casablanca twice a year, she said  it had taken many visits to NY before she found this place, where else could you go in the middle of the night when sleep is difficult, to get a cup of tea in the provided robes? the occupants of all 40 rooms seemed to be in attendance at 6:00 PM for the wine and cheese tasting, the pianist on friday evenings added just a little bit of class. our room was kept spotless by the unseen cleaners and the bottle of water in the room upon arrival was very much appreciated, every staff member on view was so courteous when it rained they were waiting to give out the umbrellas, they don't have a pool or a gym and none of the guests seemed to care, everyone was so relaxed and all this is just 63 short paces from times square, they deserve every accolade bestowed upon them.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>pam5050
<Content>As a seasoned traveler this hotel ranks tops My daughter and I visited NY City for the first time to celebrate our birthdays. Even though I have travelled all over the world this was my first triip to NY. The Casablanca was absolutely wonderful. We had a suite with separate living room and bedroom with 2 full beds. The rooms and bath were much larger than expected for NY. Very well decorated, nice linens, ect. The greatest was the absolute quiet after returing from all the outside street noise.The staff were very attentative and answered any questions we might have. It was very much like staying at a hotel on the club level - the breakfast and 24 hr. coffee and cookies were great. I would highly recommend this hotel to any adult travelers - you could not possibly beat the value for both location and ammenities.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wantmoneytotravel
<Content>fantastic staff, great location       the room  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	3	4	

<Author>LoubeeLou
<Content>Excellent staff and location We've just got back from our first trip to New York, which I booked as a surprise for my husband's 30th birthday and all in all I was happy with my choice of the Casablanca. The service we received at the hotel really made the difference. The staff couldn't have been more helpful. I emailed in advance to let them know it was my husband's birthday and when we arrived they sent a bottle of champagne and some cheese and crackers up to our room, which was a really nice touch. The guys at reception suggested a lovely restaurant to go (Blue Fin) on my husband's birthday, and sorted us out with reservations for wherever we wanted.The rooms were small and quite claustrophobic, but clean and the bathroom was well presented. We were woken up by the noise of building works across the street, but then we were suffering from jet lag and probably wouldn't have heard it normally. Besides which you will have to expect some noise bearing in mind the location on Times Square. That is the other major advantage of this hotel - great location for shopping, sightseeing etc etc. I did feel the hotel was quite pricey, but that is in comparison to other cities and having not stayed in any other hotels in New York I can't comment. The hotel is certainly not top end luxury, but if you want to receive excellent service, stay somewhere nice and have a great location, I would recommend it.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>catzen
<Content>Fantastic - perfect contrast to Times Square My husband had a business trip to NYC Sept. 18-22, and I got to go with him. The Casablanca lived up to all the TripAdvisor reviews. We loved it. The minute you walk in the door, you are transported to another world - a world very far away from the craziness around the corner. The second floor lounge area was great - good continential breakfast in the AM, coffee, cappacino, latte, tea and ice tea all day, and popcorn at night. Our room was light and comfortable. Not huge, but good sized for NY. The bathroom was clean and the closet was large and well lit. The subway is nearby as is Bryant Park, Rockefeller Center and the garment district. We would go back again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>smithersg
<Content>Ideal location       view from hotel front door to the southern end of times square  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GwenU
<Content>Gem of a Hotel       view from hotel front door to the southern end of times square  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jrcgmdb
<Content>A perfect NY moment We stayed at the Casablanca for 5 nights, Sept. 8th. to Sept. 13th.Location, location, location within walking distance of many NY experiences,  steps from Times Square. I could run out of superlatives describing the staff, the housekeeping, the cleanliness  comfort, the complimentary breakfast  wine  cheese. We've stayed in many high end hotels that can't compare with the Casablanca, where we were upgraded to a king bed at no extra charge. Our whole NY visit was great,  the Casablanca was icing on the cake.Just like Winners you should go there.Jack  Christina, Calgary, Alberta, Canada  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>brab
<Content>Oasis in Manhattan Only 1/2 block from Times Square this little gem was a wonderful little oasis in the middle of Manhattan. This is a small boutique hotel with great friendly staff. There were 3 adult women so we booked a one bedroom suite that offered 2 double beds and a double hideabed. We were a little concerned about the comfort of the hideabed but upon arrival we found that the housekeeping staff had added extra covering for the mattress, our fears were put to rest. Our room was clean, newly decorated including the large bathroom and provided 3 of everything. The hotel also offers a complimentary breakfast and a very welcome free afternoon wine (champagne) and cheese reception. A great way to unwind after a day of sights and shopping. We would all stay here again and again.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>philostrate
<Content>Fabulous Oasis For the 2nd time my husband and I had an absolutely wonderful stay at the Casablanca! The room, the staff, the food, the wine, everything was truly grand - we can't wait to come back and we will!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kwhitson
<Content>Wonderful and Charming       Our room  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>paul45
<Content>Great find - family hotel in the heart of New York City Found this hotel quite by accident and what a find...Location is just off times square - right in the middle of the action.Hotel is themed on North African theme and it completely works, the friendly attentitive staff actually seem to care about your well being and you don't feel as though you are a corporate number. In particular the free cheese and wine every evening helps to make you night out complete, they do this because they don't (didn't) have a liquor licence.breakfast is continental style - but again included in the price.The rooms are big (for New York) and a welcome change from the chain hotels - with fans as well as the usual AC. The only downside was leaving - great place.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Withnai1
<Content>Don't hesitate - it's great! First time in NY with girlfriend. Lovely hotel, cracking Times Square location, real character and great service. The photos don't lie on the website. Even free wine and cheese in the evening - and wine is a rip off in NY!Would definitely go there again.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>denimchainsaw
<Content>great little place if you are looking for a ultra modern hotel, this is not it. what it is, is a quaint little hotel in an excellent location. everything was wonderful, from the continental breakfast to the wine and cheese in the evening to the wonderfully helpful staff. my only complaint would be the pillow in our room. my husband found it completely fine, but i found it a bit hard and too high. no big deal...it didn't break my trip.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Speersy
<Content>Fantastic location When they say this hotel is just off Times Square they really mean it - we could see the lights of it reflecting off our bedroom wall at night!! It is about 100 yards from the square itself and you really get a geat feeling walking into the hotel from the bustle outside. The 1st floor has a great chillout area where you can surf the net, drink coffee and eat biscuits while reading a paper - fantastic! We had a room as mentioned on the streetside closest to Times Square and there was some noise at night but it is NYC so it can be forgiven and it was not enough to put you off your sleep. The staff while we were there were all wonderful - very helpful and courteous.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Cailean
<Content>Great Wee Hotel in a great location Stayed here for three nights in July 2006. A small hotel just round the corner from Times Sq. Small but comfortable room and no noise issues despite being so central.Excellent breakfast and loved the fact that there was free food and nibbles throughout the day.It felt a very homely hotel as opposed to the faceless efficiency of the large corporate hotels. Pleasant and very helpful staff.It really made the trip that bit more special and gave one the feeling of having discovered a New York secret. Would not hesitate to recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>Harley12
<Content>Wonderful Place to Celebrate our 20th Anniversary This place was the best. It was really quiet. The staff was just perfect. We loved the ability to walk in and get snacks all day if we wanted, and to have a Wine  Cheese social every evening.I wanted to make our 20th anniversary very special, and the Casablanca made it happen. We will be back again.John  Kori  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chrisgene
<Content>Great Times Square location We only had one night at the Casablanca Hotel in NYC. The staff was very helpful with giving us a map and pointing us in the right direction for 'restaurant row'. We ended up at a fun Mexican restaurant called Arriba Arriba 762 Ninth Ave at 51st St. The room we had was great - the bathroom was huge! It would have been nice to have a refrigerator in the room. We enjoyed the wine/cheese reception - check out there is a nice outdoor patio area off the second floor lounge area so we sipped our sparkling wine outside. Even though this hotel is so close to Times Square it was for the most part a quiet serene property. Quite a contrast from what's going on a half a block away! We did utilize the computer and printer in the lounge area to print out boarding passes for our flight out the next day. Breakfast in the lounge was pleasant and time-saving for an early morning departure. We would definitely recommend this hotel - it's an oasis!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Whatbob
<Content>Very good Smart comfortable very well located small hotel. Quiet (ish) despite Times Square just arround the corner. Snacks and wine went down well. Nice lounge and breakfast. Free internet. Great staff. Our room was a good size but it may have been luck/upgrade. I would use this hotel again. Good value.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>momofsons2
<Content>Great place to stay We just got back from 3 nights in NYC. I would highly recommend the Casablanca. It's in a great location in Times Square. We walked everywhere. The staff is very friendly and helpful. They have a complimentary breakfast every morning, and complimentary wine and cheese each evening M-Sat. We enjoyed the wine and cheese before going to the theatre, and then ate a light supper after the show. Our room was quiet and very comfortable. We can't wait to go back to NYC, and we will definitely be staying at the Casablanca!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jorgo
<Content>Casablanca - a great little find I have stayed in varying hotels in NYC over the past 6 years and this has to rate as the best. Small rooms, (at least the one I had) but clean and comfortable. I was there during a heat wave and the airconditioner in the room struggled, but apart from that the room was good.Friendly staff and the continental breakfast and afternoon drinks were a bonus. The Italian restaurnat next door was great too.I don't normally like staying so close to Times Square, but this didn't seem like it.GaryPerth, Australia  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pbarber
<Content>Wonderful!!! Just got back from 1 night at the Casablanca. The location is excellent just 3 doors off times square near a parking garage (discounted rates). The hotel is tastefully decorated and has a beautiful lounge on the second floor where a complimentary buffet breakfast is served in the morning and a complimentary wine and cheese party is held each evening. The rooms were clean, clean, clean and very well appointed. It was an oasis in epicenter of everything New York has to offer - had a great snack at the restaurant Tony's next door. Had a great meal at Patsy's and then saw the comedy show at Carolines. I will return to the Casablanca  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>boiler1
<Content>Great stay at the Casablanca If the small room size doesn't matter to you, the Casablanca can't be beat. Great location, great service and an incredibly friendly, helpful staff. I highly recommend the Casablanca for your visit to NY  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>meter9maid
<Content>A beautiful friendship! My husband and I loved the Casablanca Hotel. It was located about a half a block from the middle of Times Square. Even though it was in the middle of everything, we rarely heard street noise from our room. The subway was only a block away, and it seemed like most lines went through Times Square, so it was convenient to hop on the subway and go up to the Met or down to Chinatown. The hotel was in very good shape. Attractively decorated and clean. Our room was smallish, but we're talking about NYC, so it was just fine in comparison to the local standard. Even though is wasn't huge, it felt luxurious--good sized bathroom, with nice complimentary toiletries and thick bathrobes. It was also nice to have a bellman to carry bags and hail cabs, and the entire hotel staff was always very polite and helpful. Rick's Cafe was great. We ate breakfast there everyday--chocolate croissants, fruit salad, freshly ground and brewed cappucinos, and lots of other goodies. We would often drop by the lounge in the afternoon for another cappucino, or we would take a break in the evening to have some wine and cheese. Overall, we would recommend the Casablanca Hotel to anyway staying in Midtown Manhattan.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>momthecruisedirector
<Content>Even better then we expected I will try to keep it brief but we had such a wonderful stay at the Casablanca it will be difficult to to keep it short! We booked our 7/11 - 14 stay in September. Being the paranoid type I called and emailed about once a month to verify our reservations - always getting an accurate confirmation. Upon our arrival we were greeted by the doorman and the front desk staff, though we got there around 11:00 our room was ready for us. Clean, nicely decorated, our king suite was larger then we expected. 17 yo son slept on the sleeper couch - comfortable. Air conditioning in both living room area and bedroom. Trying to sum it up....continental breakfast, all day snacks, evening wine, cheese and crackers are great. Coffee machine is wonderful. Staff was so helpful - always available to help with any questions (our first visit to NYC). We had time to kill after check out, they told us to come back and enjoy the lounge area until it was time for our car to pick us up. NEVER have we met a friendlier staff - wish I would have written their names down so I could give them public accolades. When we visit again we'll stay at the Casablanca.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful hotel!       Sitting area  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Beechesnoho
<Content>Oasis in Times Square It is hard to imagine a quiet hotel 50 feet from Times Square but the Casablanca fits the bill. The staff was helpful and friendly, the rooms were reasonable in size for a NYC hotel but our bathroom was huge and newly, tastedully tiled. The real surprise was the second floor lobby that was comfortable and quiet. Round the clock espresso or capucccino was availble as was complementary breakfast. Parking was a breeze and at a reduced rate in the garage next door. Definitely would stay again.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MaxPower2006
<Content>Believe the Reviews - It is Excellent I don't often give out 5 star - Excellent ratings on TripAdvisor because there is usually something that could be improved. However, with respect to the Casablanca you get exactly what has been described here on the site - a top 10 hotel in the heart of mid-town at a reasonable (by NYC standards) price.I have travelled to New York on business and have been put up in 'chain' hotels like the Hilton and Hyatt in the past. The Casablanca is by far a better choice, especially if you want a boutique hotel experience. It isn't however a 5 star hotel with a gym, pool, etc, but I would say the actual accomodations are a solid 4 star.My wife and I stayed at the Casablanca in early July and had a great time - we arrived at the hotel early (early flight in) and were told we could head up to the 2nd floor lounge area to grab some breakfast before we headed out for the day even though we hadn't checked in - little things like that make the hotel great. The breakfast is simple but good - fruit, some pasteries, cereal and bagels with juice and coffee. That saves you 7 or 8 bucks right there before you even hit the streets.The Casablanca is on West 43rd street just half a block from Times Square so you WILL get street noise and/or crowd noise in the evenings. The sound-proofing in between hotel rooms is good and we only noticed crowd noise on a couple of occasions. It was great to be in the heart of Times Square and then walk 2 minutes and be relaxing with an ice tea or a wine in the lounge. West 43rd is kind of a secondary street so there isn't too much going on, which means no taxis standing out in front - but if you walk the half block to Times Square you have a subway stop and all the taxis you could want.The staff was friendly and welcome you back each time you go out - the lounge has a computer set up with an internet connection and printer so you can check-in online for your flight out to save some time. The rooms are smallish to average size for New York (I had a room at the Grand Hyatt which was smaller but cost almost twice as much) and have nice linens and toiletries.I would absolutely recommend a stay at the Casablanca. The location is outstanding and the lounge feature makes it a great place to meet and relax before/after your day out touring.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bcluke
<Content>What A Great Experience! My husband, infant son and I just got back from a 7 night stay at the Casablanca Hotel and have nothing but rave reviews for the staff and the hotel! Everyone was so helpful and kind. Even when my baby got sick, Nick got on the phone and found a pediatrician for us! The location is great - walk outside and you're in the middle of Times Square. The restaurant next door, Tony's, is delicious and will deliver the food to your room if you wish. The Casablanca hotel and the staff exceeded our expectations and we'll definitely be back!!!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>comfortable refuge The Casablanca has an excellent, helpful and friendly staff. The large 2nd floor lobby is always inviting and a space away from the fast pace of New York. Breakfast is plentiful, and there is a fabulous automatic espresso machine. A PC in the lobby has DSL, and is for guests use. The location is great. I highly recommend this hotel for superior hospitality.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location Totally agree with the last review. My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights at the end of May. The location of the hotel near Times Square was great, most evenings we would just wonder around the corner and stand there and watch the world go by, the place is mad. The hotel was very comfortable and clean, good selection of food on offer for breakfast and we enjoyed the complementary wine and nibbles on offer every evening before we went out to dinner. Staff were very friendly and helpful.Definitely worth the extra money, we would stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Charley1Florida
<Content>Great Experience - Will Be Back! My daughter and I stayed here for a long weekend - can't say enoughgood about the facility and the staff. Large enough room had 2 comfortabledouble beds, adequate bathroom, complimentary bottles of water, relaxingdecor. The breakfast/lounge room was large and comfortable, plenty ofnewspapers and a computer that was almost always available. Greaticed tea at all hours - very refreshing after coming in from the 90+degree heat!! Evening wine and cheese was perfect to tide us overbefore a show and late dinner. But best of all were the polite andhelpful desk clerks - they made tour bus arrangements, restaurantrecommendations, gave maps and detailed directions all in a greatgood humor and with the most helpful attitude. Would recommendthe Casablanca in a heartbeat to anyone heading to NYC.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Martin095
<Content>Oasis of calm We enjoyed our stay at the Cassablanca very much. The highlights were: -the location is perfect, literally meters from the middle of Time Square. This did freak us out the first couple of times we left the hotel though as it is so peaceful and calming in the hotel, and then suddenly you are thrust into the total assult on the senses which is Time Square in 2 or 3 steps!!- very friendly and helpful staff- delightful breakfasts- the cheese and wine that was available in the afternoon. This was very thoughtful and turned into a bit of a highlight of the day.- stylish and interesting decorated room Only negative against our stay, was a very noisy aircon unit in the room which did get annoying after a while.Other than that, full marks.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Christopher88
<Content>Thumbs Up! As with the last reviewers - I would have to say this Hotel is a great choice for value. After the fast pace of NYC it was great to come back to this little haven just off Times Square. The wine evenings were great as was the free internet. We had a room on the inner courtyard and it was exceptionally quiet. The staff were helpful and friendly and had no problem looking after our bags for the day prior to our 8pm flight. As my last review after a world trip and half a dozen reviews I would just like to say tripadvisor is an excellent resource and congratulations to everyone for posting.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ianewestt
<Content>I'd certainly return When choosing a New York hotel, I was almost put off by this one's Casablanca theme but it isn't as cheesy as it sounds and it does help ensure that the decor is stylish and well-maintained. The location is brilliant, a stone's throw from Times Square and subway stations. The downside is that it can be noisy, but no-one goes to New York for the peace and quiet, I suppose. However, I'd definitely request a room at the back next time. The rooms are not large but comfortable. The free buffet breakfast provides a better than average start to the day and the round-the-clock coffee etc is a real treat.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Inspired me to write my first review Have used Tripadvisor for the past couple of years to choose hotels, but have never posted my own review until now. Just wanted to confirm that the Hotel Casablanca is the great hotel described by most posters, and I really can't understand those who question the friendliness of the staff. Myself and my husband both independently commented on how good the staff were - they were particularly human and friendly, with a sense of humour which is often lacking. Doormen were also particularly helpful - noting our queries to pass onto the people on the desk if there was any queue at all - and our questions were always answered. This is the 6th different hotel I've stayed at in New York on seven visits, and the first time I would choose to go back to a hotel for any other reason than price - not that I particularly disliked previous hotels, but for value for money (we paid $299 per night for our King sized bedroom), friendliness and amenities, this hotel would win hands down. The previous poster who noted the hotel was not a 5* hotel - well it's not, it's a 3* hotel according to this website, but it's the best 3* hotel I've stayed in. The Times Square location is ideal as nowhere in Manhattan is too far away from Midtown (we requested a quiet room and it was very quiet for New York, let alone Times Square). Room size was average, but the decor was very nice, clean and modern with nice toiletries. The DVD and complimentary DVD library was a nice touch, with a reasonable range of films to choose from, and the free internet access is always useful.The wine and cheese in the evenings was a fantastic touch - with at least 5 different types of cheese, quality biscuits, grapes and very drinkable wine, as was the day long fruit, coffee, biscuits, muffins etc. It certainly drew guests back to sample what was on offer - yet there was always a seat left for us. The pianist sounded great on Friday night - sadly we weren't able to stay to listen to him as we had show tickets. Complimentary breakfasts were great considering they were complimentary - including cereals, pastries, bagels, fruit, cream cheese, hard boiled eggs, yoghurts etc. and a selection of drinks. You almost need not eat out at all with the quality and quantity of complimentary food and drink provided by the hotel (not that I recommend that given the wealth of good restaurants in the vicinity). The day we checked out we left our bags and on going back for them popped upstairs to check our flight details on the internet for the following day. Thought the receptionist may have a problem with that (particularly as the internet was in the lounge with the free pastries and coffee), but nothing was said, nobody checked on us, and they were polite and courteous as usual.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>drjj
<Content>Have stayed here and at Elysee (sister hotel) 6 times in 2 years-great We have stayed at the Casablanca 5 times in the last 2 years, finding it to be just the right spot from which to go to shows in the theatre district and wander up to the museum district or down to SOHO (albeit in a taxi). While the rooms are not grand in size and some air conditioners can be a bit half-hearted in very hot weather (i.e. August), they are quite adequate when one considers that the 2nd floor lounge is always available for sitting around with coffee and newspapers etc. This place is a haven for NYC (as is same at L'Elysee, which can provide somewhat larger rooms and an east-side location near museums). The continental breakfast is varied and abundant. The cheese, snacks and wine plus coffee, tea or hot chocolate are always welcome afternoons, with usually some left after the theatre. Some of the time there is a pianist in the lounge area just off the breakfast bar area.I find it difficult to imagine why anyone would say the staff are indifferent. We have always found them all to be quite pleasant . . . and folks with whom we've talked at breakfast or in the lounge have all been equally positive . . .of course, if one is unfriendly toward them, perhaps they would respond differently, I don't know. The manager, Joe, is most always around and stops to talk with guests to be sure things are going well. He's on top of everything and a friendly person.Last month, because of a request by friends we were meeting in Manhattan, we stayed at another, larger and well-rated hotel. Yes, the room was somewhat larger and it had two large chairs; but, the a/c was not operating as it would have made folks on the 15th floor and below too cold. The suggestion was that I should open the window of the 39th floor room . . . which was pretty much stuck. This kind of treatment would not happen at the Casablanca in our individual experience as a couple. Perhaps people who can't stand walking through the malay (meaning melee'?) of Times Square to get to the Theatre and restaurant areas might be happier in hotels that charge more like $600 - $800 or more per night and are in more prestigious areas. They do exist and they aren't bad at all . . . just a taxi ride or somewhat long walk to the theatre district.We're headed back to Manhattan again in September and November and definitely will be booking at the Casablanca. We find it more pleasant than the 4 Seasons where we recently spent 5 nights (though not in NYC). . . it's just a matter of atmosphere, I suppose. So, if you want location, a reasonable Manhattan tariff, (parking next door if you need it), an included continental breakfast spread plus cheese, wine etc. at other times along with what we, as constant travelers, found to be a friendly set of staff members, this is a good bet for you. Admittedly, they aren't like the staffs at an inclusive resort on a remote Fiji island, but this is New York City, many of them are/or recently were coming from an Eastern European country where English wasn't the language, and they've always been helpful and friendly to us and to others we know who've stayed there.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>iluvrome
<Content>Definitely Not a 5 star Hotel... You know what they say, everyone has an opinion... In mine, this is no more than a 3 star hotel. I had high expectations that were not met. The good and bad: yes, the hotel is close to Time Square (not necessarily a good thing), yes it is cute and quaint, yes they have complimentary breakfast and snacks through the day (the Russian? woman who works in the lounge area was very nice)... but, the bed (King) was not very comfortable, the room was dark, the TV reception was aweful. We stayed for five nights, the second day I asked if the TV reception was bad in every room and I was told yes with no further explanation. The thing that I disliked the most was the front desk employees/doorman seemed to stare at us without saying hello (day and night staff) and when we checked out they didn't ask how our stay was... Definitely not worth $300 a night! I would not stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>There are better hotels Amenities were very nice but the staff was not to us (with the exception of the bellman). I felt like we were invisible. I expect great service for a room that price. Plenty of other hotels in NYC. Times Square is too busy, hated to go through that maylay on a daily basis. Highly recommend Salisbury on 57th - great service, great local, nice room, lower rates.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Cardi1
<Content>Real value for money New York has some really plush hotels - with tariffs to match. I doubt, however, if any could beat this friendly, home from home hotel - just a few yards from the heart of Times Square. We payed 259 dollars a night, more than we have payed to stay in any USA hotel (and we have stayed in many over the past 20 years or so), but I still feel it was value for money. The staff were excellent, polite and helpful while the decor and ambience throughout the hotel was superb. The free fruit, cheese and wine every afternoon was a nice bonus. If you are looking for a really comfortable hotel in the heart of New York then I would thoroughly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lexington_KYPaula
<Content>Great Stay We have stayed in large NY hotels and other boutique hotels in the Times Square area. This one was extra special. They make all their guests feel welcome and are very friendly. The breakfast, drinks and snacks throughout the day, and wine and cheese in the evening were nice to have. We found that we only needed to eat a large meal out once a day. They provided complimentary passes to the New York Sports Club for those who like to maintain their fitness while away. The sports club had just about everything including classes in pilates, yoga, boxing, etc. The rooms are small but so are many New York hotels. The lounge in the hotel provides a nice place to gather to read newspapers and check e-mails on their guest computer. I will definitely be coming back when I visit New York.  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What are you waiting for go book it Now What a find and what a location, right smack bang on Times Square. It was my first time in NY and I was not dissappointed with this hotel. Bautifully appointed, staff were great. The breakfast and cheese and wine will save you a fortune and were excellent... no cheap stuff very good quality. The ricks cafe is realy a nice meeting place and very comfy. Our room had a down side as we had booked through expedia not realising it was a special deal which would be great for a couple but i was with my friend and did not want to share a double bed so one of us had to go on the Z bed So check what your booking if booking online. Room was great cant pick fault at all, talked to others and they raved about thier rooms. The other good thing is it has a very good cheap Italian restraunt right next door, infact there is a door straight from the lobby, be warned the portions are BIG and if they know its your birthday youl get seranaded. TKTS is just around the corner as is the Subway/Buses/Taxis. Another Tip book early the prices shoot up at certain times eg when its the marathon.  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelforanswers
<Content>Warm, friendly hotel We just stayed at the Hotel Casablanca and fell in love with it! The location is the best, you just get out and turn right and boom! there is Times Square. The service was incredible. We got a problem with the airconditioning and it was immediately fixed. Rick's Cafe looks and feels like an elegant living room, where you can watch TV,read,play the piano , eat or browse the internet(complimentary). Rooms are small but beautifully decorated, although we wished for more drawer space and a little more space in the bathroom. In view of excellent location, superb service and warm,feel at home ambiance, I would stay here again and recommend this charming hotel with high marks.  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>abigail_durant
<Content>Excellet little hotel at a very good price The Casablanca has a very Romantic feel, plus the location is great!! We booked it on [--------------]and got a great deal, even though it is located right by Times Square. Once inside the hotel is very quiet. If you are looking for a small intimate boutique looking hotel with a great location to go out for dinner, drinks or just to walk around, I greatly recommend this hotel. We previously stayed at the Marriott in Times Square and hated the large, corporate feel. What a pleasant surprise! The only downside is the room size - small - but it always very clean and quaint looking with very nice, updated bathrooms. This is now the place I go to in NYC when I want to treat myself to a special weekend.  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Emmalina
<Content>Dont over stay your welcome! Stayed here for 3 nights which was excellent staff very friendly - excellent service. We then left and went to DC for 4 nights. Our return experience was totaly different. On the day we were checking out we had an evening flight back to the Uk and wanted to change our clothes and have a wash. The staff were not happy about this, they came in the bathroom to check what I was doing they were constantly watching us. We felt they wanted to make sure we did not have the wine and nibbles served in the evening, since we were no longer guests. There was an obvious atmosphere. This appears very petty for a hotel which prides itself on its level of service. When I left I said goodbye to the reception no reply - the gentleman did not look up from his computer at the front desk. They made us feel most unwelcome and would not recommend this hotel, the service is not genuine. Look for another botique hotel.  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lesl
<Content>A great find! My wife and I have just spent 2 nights at the Casablanca Hotel (25 - 27 April).From the moment we arrived, the staff could not have been more friendly and helpful.It's a small hotel (43 rooms) and the bedrooms and lounge area are nicely decorated.Complimentary coffee and snacks are available all day. Right next to Times Square, it's a great location. Don't miss it!  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An oasis steps away from Times Square! This was our second visit to the Casablanca and whenever we need a hotel room in New York this is where it will be. Not for us the sterile and impersonal chain hotels, here you are treated as an individual...a guest. From the moment we arrived we felt at home. Of course the wine and cheese and champagne reception six nights a week isnt the only reason why I want to return! There is the friendly staff who go out of their way to give you directions, recommend restaurants, and help make the trip what you want it to be. The breakfast of bagels, various cereals, cream cheese, fruits, eggs, different teas and coffees etc etc is plentiful and staff go out of their way to try and find your favourites_the cinnamon and raisin bagel for me! The lady serving even remembered my daughter and I from last year!The rooms are small as you would expect in New York and so are some of the bathrooms. I have learnt a bathroom in the double bedded room is smaller than the King bedded. But nevertheless it is adequate. Lighting too could be a bit brighter but then my daughter needed it for studying.The rest of the hotel has such character and we love the lounge especially with its all day help yourself service of coffee, tea, iced water, fruits, cookies etc. Fantastic when you have come in thirsty with aching feet from a hard days shopping! And of course the free internet which was well used.And all this literally steps away from Times Square. My message to the owners:Dont change a thing about the character and staff of this hotel! You have a real gem here.  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A little gem We picked this hotel for its proximity to the theatres as this was our first trip to New York and we were not sure how easy it was to get around. What a gem! So close to the bustle of Times Square and yet a million miles away when you walk through the doors. We stayed on the fifth floor at the rear overlooking the central courtyard and I can honestly say you hear nothing other than the occasional siren (it is New York after all). The room was spacious and the bathroom well equiped with a good sized shower.The compimentary wines and cheese (and popcorn!) in Rick's Cafe each evening were a treat and nice to come back to after a day pounding the streets. The breakfast buffet was an unexpected bonus with fresh fruit, bagels, croissants etc and real coffee facilities. We never did get out for the must do American breakfast, it was just too easy to settle down in Rick's!Internet access was always available- and well used! We wouldn't hesitate to stay here again, we had a fabulous week helped by excellent staff and great weather!!  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MrSporran
<Content>Casaboring/ dirty We stayed at the Casablanca for a week, during which we were married. From our experience, that's all we can give. We were in contact with the manager for a long time, who assured us that they would help arrange transport from JFK to the hotel, it didn't happen, despite a call before we left home. Never mind, but it was our wedding/honeymoon. I think that's just wrong. Any apology? No. Anyway, its easy enough to get a cab. We arrive at the Casablancla and are warmly met. The staff are great, when you are there. We were shown to our room. It was big enough, but nothing like what you'd expect from a suite in NYC, at $ 400/night. A light didn't work, but that was sorted eventually. It definitely wasn't immaculately clean, that's a fact! It also was VERY noisy! There is major building going on just across the street, and that was loud, as was the constant traffic noise.The hotel gave us the perfect venue to be married, and we were, and that, and the friendly staff, for us, is its only redeeming feature. And for that, we are grateful, but we paid for that, remember. On our wedding day, at least three people, two from Europe and one from USA, tried to buy champagne to send to us, only to be told there's already a few bottles on order. Did we see any of them? No, we didn't. Overall, the Casablanca was full of, if you excuse me, of elderly peole, happy to be around Times Sq.The 'free' food, you get also elswhere for cheaper.The Casablanca, massively overpriced, and over-rated.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>BlueHawaii-girl
<Content>Peaceful Oasis steps from Times Square We just got back from a week in NYC at the Casablanca. We even had a peek-a-boo view of Times Square from our secluded, quiet, back street room 507! The staff was friendly, caring, helpful and gracious. The room was immaculate with two full-size beds, a small table, two comfy chairs, small closet with ironing board and iron, armoire encasing TV/DVD player and a small 'frig filled with goodies (for sale, of course!). The bathroom had a small bit of tile coming loose in the window, otherwise perfect. It even had a showerhead tall enough for my 6'5 son. The window in bathroom was great for cross ventilation when the room window was open---the aroma's from Virgil's bar-b-que restaurant on the block behind the hotel was like a Western air freshener! Eat at Virgil's but share a plate--huge portions, great ribs, super cornbread, and fun atmosphere. The breakfast at the Casablanca has wonderful fresh fruit (sliced up cantaloupe and honeydew) as well as a bowl full of apples, oranges, and bananas all day long. Breakfast also includes hard-boiled eggs, several cereal choices, instant oatmeal, bagels, cream cheese, danishes, scones and that amazing coffee machine for double espressos all day long. The Casablanca mug fits a double espresso topped with a Cappuccino--YUM! Teas available all day long. The iced tea they have all day is quite nice. My darling son was ill toward the end of our stay and appreciated the comfy-ness of the room and lounge and the food and treats available all day. If we have any needs improvement that would be their cable TV reception but who goes to NYC to watch TV, we noticed it only because my son was in the room ill and veging with the TV. When you hear it is steps from Time Square, believe it---just out the door and turn your head to the right and you are there! All transportation within easy walking---everything within easy walking! I don't like to spend a lot on hotel accomodations and was daunted by the $289/night plus taxes but decided the reviews made the Casablanca too nice not to spend more than I wanted. It was worth it, peace of mind, comfort, care, ease of access---not the sterile upscale coldness of the humongous hotels. We WILL be back!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>VaTourist_8
<Content>A hidden gem This was our first stay at the Casablanca Hotel and we agree: whenever we return to NYC, we will stay here. The location is great; just a few steps from Times Square. The staff could not be more accommodating. Consistently great service. The hotel is kept immaculately clean. The second floor lounge is perhaps the star feature: a nice assortment of beverages and snacks kept out all day and all night, continental breakfast in the morning as part of the room price and afternoon wine  cheese receptions. Additionally, the lounge has a large-screen t.v., plenty of seating divided between two rooms, magazines, books and a computer with free internet access together with free use of a printer to print out restaurant information for example. The hotel also offers a list of over 30 movies which can be rented for free to watch in one's room. Another bonus is that the King-bed rooms come with shower and tub. Overall, a wonderful experience and a great stay.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definitely Returning Just returned from the Casablanca today and we agree with all the positive reviews. The location was perfect, rooms were clean and comfortable, staff was professional and friendly. The lounge with complimentary breakfast, internet use and happy hour is a great plus; makes it a good meeting place if you're traveling with a group. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect for Family Reunion and 30th Absolutely loved this hotel. The staff were friendly, the rooms were superb, location was fantastic and the free wine is a nice touch. Went there with my husband and my parents to meet up with my sister and her husband who had been travelling for 6 months. Plus it was my sister's 30th. It cater to all of our differing needs and tastes and we were sorry to leave!Highly recommended!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>atlanta_trav
<Content>We will definitely stay here again       looking into Times Square from front door of hotel  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Guest78
<Content>Fantastic Great hotel in the middle of NYC. Small rooms, as are expected in the city, but we were there to see the city, not spend time in our room! The shower was incredible, great water pressure, nice toiletries. Staff was incredibly friendly and helpful, would do anything for you. The breakfast was good, an easy way to start the morning. I loved having an open 2nd floor area, I wake up earlier than my husband and it was a nice place to have a cup of tea and wait for him to wake up. The wine and cheese reception was awesome, a good appetizer before dinner, or a quick snack before a show. Hightly recommend this hotel, we would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KawiGirl
<Content>Made our trip perfect! We just returned from our NYC vacation. The Casablanca Hotel was an absolutely wonderful find. The impression was good from start to finish. Warm, personal service starts with a phone call before you arrive and ends with a thank you note. The hotel is spotlessly clean, the highspeed internet and generous snacks and breakfast make this hotel an incredible bargain. Ask the front desk staff a question and they'll do whatever they can to get you whatever information or help you need. Obviously, I can't wait to get back to the Casablanca.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Gingertop
<Content>Welcoming, comfortble, relaxing This hotel is everything the reviews say it is, so I wont simply repeat the other comments. The thing that places it above other hotels (some more expensive) I have stayed in in New York is how comfortable and relaxed I felt there, especially after returning from a long day's activities. I don't tend to sit in hotel lounges, but I did sit in this one. Because of the smaller size, you were on greeting terms with other guests, and to sit in the lounge for a glass of wine, or coffee/pastries was a pleasant and sociable experience. You could socialise with other guests, or just sit and plan your next day, read the newspapers, look up the internet, or catch up with emails. Although I said I wouldn't repeat the main comments from other guests, it would not be right to sign off without some praise for the staff - not just the reception staff, but those looking after the lounge area and food, and the housekeeping staff as well.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>"A unique romantic place in the heart of the NYC !" What a great stay we had ! This hotel is a jewel hidden just a few steps from Times Square. The rooms are fabulous and the staff is extremely efficient and nice ! ..... We will definitely be back soon!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tonyofolds
<Content>the casablanca way We stayed 2nd march thru to 6th march and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay here. our two previous stays were at the westin and sofitel and so the competition was fierce. The casablanca excels in its belief that it provides the traveller with what they want. A superb but light breakfast, coffee and cookies all day and the wine and cheese in the evening is an absolute joy especially with the piano player, or watching the tv or emailling your buddies back home, all included in the price. Please note previous reviewers who think the price is high!!This is a delightful hotel and one would have to be pedantic to find faults and dont get me wrong they do have little blips like the mysterious plumbing noises through the night but eh this is new york after all and being only one min from time square i can settle for that.The bed was comfortable. the bathroom spacious and i would recommend this hotel to any traveller, business people may prefer elsewhere.I hope they maintain what they provide and we would not hesitate to return to the casablanca.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Lovely Staff! I stayed here as part of a family party at the start of April 2006. Booking and Checking in was easy, and they were exceedingly friendly and helpful, going out of their way to assist. Certainly 10/10 for this.The hotel itself is located right on the edge of Times Square - I could just about see the screens on the square from my room, others in my party had rooms facing away from the square. Sure, it can be a little bit noisy, but I never understand the idiots who have a break in New York and complain about traffic noise etc. - You are in NEW YORK , what the hell do you expect!!My room was perfectly sized, not massive, but not too small either. The bathroom was nice, the facilities generally in the room were good. Breakfast consists of pastries, fruit etc., which are available all day as well. There is no hotel bar which is a downside, but on the upside this is compensated by free wine from 5-8pm, which saves a fortune. The minibar is reasonably priced as well.The interior is kind of Moroccan themed as suggested in the hotel name, but not overly so - It looks clean and in good repair.All in all, I can't fault it - Great hotel!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Harr
<Content>great Hotel April 5 2006We have just returned from a weekend stay in the casablanca hotel new york. As a first time visitor to this great city we were greatly impressed with the reception we received on our arrival at the casablanca.Staff were helpful throughout our stay and the hotel was spotlessly clean. The breakfast is lovely and fresh and the cheese and wine in the evening is a very nice touch.Almost on Times Sq.We have no hesitation in recommending this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good, but... I'm not really disagreeing with the bulk of the positive comments here - the Casablanca has much to its credit. The staff were very courteous, and the hotel is very comfortable and accomodating. It is located a mere 20 yeards from Times Sq., but you would never know it - its very quiet, both the public rooms and the bedrooms. The bedrooms were one of my only a couple of slight negatives. The room was very small - about 12 by 10 with the corridor right by your bed head. Bathroom is small, and ours had no full size bath. It was nicely decorated, and relatively comfortable but exceptionally dark - given that the room faced into the courtyard. The 'free' continental breakfast and cheese and wine evenings are nicely done and very welcome, although several ladies of an age who should know better made a bit of a nuisance of themselves the two nights we were in. My only other negative was the price - once taxes are added it was around $325 a night, nearly 拢200. I know hotels are expensive in NYC but this was on the high side of average. All in all positive review, quiet, relaxed and comfortable hotel.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>4	2	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DivineDuchess
<Content>Fabulous hotel in a fabulous city! My daughter, sister-in-law and I just returned from five nights at the Casablanca. It was our first trip to NYC and we fell in love with the city and with this hotel. What a beautiful, quiet place set just steps away from the bustle and activity of Times Square. The staff was fantastic! They were very friendly and always willing to answer any questions that we had. We had a suite with 2 double beds and a sitting room and there was plenty of room. Rick's Cafe was great, with round the clock food and internet access. It was also great not to have to go out for breakfast everyday. We hated to come home. We will definitely stay there again when we return to New York!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pinstrips
<Content>a gem Excellent location, great staff, abundant drinks  snacks, and with handy internet access. What more could you want? .....Perhaps a bigger room.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ya gotta love the internet Stayed here for a couple of days earlier in the month based solely on the reviews on this site, and they're all spot on. I almost hesitate to add to the chorus of positive reviews for fear it will make getting a room more difficult in the future. This is a great place, only half a block off Times Square, yet dead silent inside except for the occasional siren. The entire building is immaculately spotless, hallways are even lightly and pleasantly scented. Lots of freebies that other places regard as revenue centers- bottled water in the room,coffee in all its varieties all day, snacks, broadband in room and public terminal in the second floor lounge. The whole second floor is a great place to relax and chat, with multiple copies of NY Times to peruse over coffee. My own java tastes run a bit stronger than what was offered, but no problem, since there's even a Starbuck's right around the corner! I can also highly recommend two great restaurants, again selected solely based on 'net reviews. Try Bellavitae for superb Italian, as good as the last few times I've been to Babbo but without the hoopla, along with Hearth for great contemporary American.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mobert
<Content>Great little hidden gem just off Times Square My wife goes to NYC twice a year on business and discovered this hotel several years ago. Although I've been to NYC a least a dozen times, this was my first stay at the Casablanca. First the good - fantastic location (once you're inside can't even tell the chaos of Times Square is just steps away), a wonderful light breakfast, all day cookies and coffee, nightly wine (except Sun) from 5 - 8, a terrific staff, free DVDs (each room has a DVD player), and in the lounge area a big screen TV and PC with free internet access. Now, the not quite as good - quite probably the most uncomfortable bed I've ever slept on, bad plumbing (could hear the pipes going throughout the day), and small rooms in need of a little TLC. Overall I would give the hotel a very good - it's a little pricey but I remember my wife was paying 100 dollars less per night a few years ago. By todays standards, it's reasonable with all the extras.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>galovesnyc
<Content>Once Again, Casablanca the Best in NYC!! This was our second stay at the Casablanca and it was once again wonderful! This time, we brought our sons, ages 11 and 7, and in-laws. We reserved a suite and a regular room and both were spotless. The suite was very spacious. Our rooms were ready early and we were able to check in. I can't imagine a friendlier or more helpful staff. The 2nd floor lobby always had cookies, tea, water and a wonderful coffee/latte machine. A complimentary breakfast was served every morning and wine/cheese in the afternoons (except Sundays.) Although it is a small boutique hotel, it was very kid-friendly. We look forward to our next stay next time we're in NYC.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful oasis in Times Square My wife and I had our first stay at the Casablanca 4 nights thru Christmas, an easy walk from Penn Station due to the transit strike. We were concerned when we saw that the hotel is 1/2 block from Times Square, but once inside you'd never know it. From the time we arrived until we departed, the staff was superb! They really wanted us to enjoy our stay. Our interior room was extremely quiet, and while not large, of sufficient size (especially the bathroom). The full continental breakfast was wonderful, as were the wine and goodies available in the early evening. Both were in Rick's Lounge, which featured a fine pianist some evenings. We both enjoyed the Casablanca theme, which was tastefully done throughout. The tiny romantic elevators always gave us a laugh. We were so happy to discover this little gem and took away some great memories.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SPDRDH
<Content>wonderful We stayed here for 2 nights for a special birthday celebration weekend. The staff is SO friendly and hospitable. The accommodations comfortable and immaculate. The 2nd floor lounge is a real plus with beverages/snacks available 24 hours. Don't miss the wine/cheese from 5-8 or so...with piano player on Friday nights. The location is right in time square, but when you stay here, you feel as if you've left the city. It's a totally quiet and relaxed atmosphere. This will definitely be our place to stay on future trips to New York.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DPickRN
<Content>Heaven in a Blizzard We stayed at the Casablanca Hotel for just three nights Feb. 12-15, 2006. in the middle of the biggest snowstorm ever to hit Manhattan. It is a fantastic small hotel! Staff (everyone we met) were extremelypleasant and helpful. You actually felt as though they were glad you were staying in the hotel! Our oom was large by NYC standards. The hotel is old but updated and well kept. Beds have down comforters.Bathroom very clean and beautifully tiled. 24hr coffee, tee, and snacks on the 2nd floor. Good value for the money. Although located just steps from Times Square - noise was minimal. A much more pleasant experience than the larger more commercial properties in the area. Would definitely stay at this little NYC GEM again ( and again).  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fantastic We stayed at the Casablanca for 4 nights from the 6th of February. I had advised the hotel that it was our anniversary and we were upgraded to a deluxe room and a bottle of chilled champagne was delivered to our room. A very nice touch. A few days before our arrival we received a phonecall from the hotel regarding transport from the airport. We found the room and the bathroom extremely clean with nice decor. The staff were excellent, extremely pleasant and helpful. The cheese and wine was welcome after a cold day outside. My only gripe was that our room was to the front of the hotel and was a small bit noisy. If booking ask for a room in the back. otherwise location was superb. This hotel is highly recommended.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ciciandmo
<Content>Wonderful Anniversary at the Casablanca       Casablanca Hotel Exterior  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kevinruskie
<Content>Great little Hotel This is truly an oasis in the middle of New York and only a few yards from Time Square. The rooms and beds are a little on the small side. Otherwise a great friendly hotel. No complaints whats so ever.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NB
<Content>An oasis of calm.... This a great little hotel. Just a few yards from Times Square, but feels a million miles away... the area is the main tourist part of town, but it's also got the subway just across the street to take you downtown to the Village etc, and is comfortable walking distance to Fifth Avenue, Empire State, Rockefeller, MOMA, Central Park and numerous other sights.The rooms and nice enough, a little small - but you can't really expect anything more in the heart of NYC.Staff were very friendly, offering restaurant recommendations etc. The cafe was great - free breakfast, free coffee and cakes all day, and free cheese and wine every evening. When you factor all that into the room rate, it's actually a bit of a bargain.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyable NY Experience My daughter and I stayed at the Casablanca the week before Christmas in 2004 and 2005. Obviously, we were very satisfied during our stay in 2004 and extended for an additional day this past December. The location is ideal for walking to the theater district, tourist attractions, restaurants, and shopping, which was appreciated this time because of the transit strike. The friendly staff, the availability of a light breakfast before starting the day; coffee, etc. available throughout the day; wine and cheese in the evenings in a relaxed atmosphere just added to an enjoyable experience.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mandycp
<Content>Casablance saves the trip! (Beware when you book on line!) I had booked this hotel via the Trip Advisor web site and received a confirmation from Travelocity telling me that I had got the deluxe room I had asked for. A special occasion, I was taking my husband via the Queen Mary 2 to NY for our wedding anniversary break. The transatlantic sail was perfect, the ship, sublime, the suite, perfect and we arrived at the hotel in a limo along with a great deal of luggage! Confirmation in hand, we trooped to reception...only to find that they had no record of our booking! Yes, the bookers had told us we had a room, but neglected to tell the hotel, who were now full...leaving us stranded ( this happens a lot, we were told...so always check you have a booking...a confirmation with this company means very little!) We were stuck! No hotel! A great deal of luggage and no room at the busiest time for Christmas shopping in NY...it looked like the fantastic climax to our trip was ruined. However, the boys at the Casablanca were fantastic! Nick and the chaps immediately juggled bookings, made calls, put themsleves out and after a short wait, found us a room in their hotel (and had promised to find one elsewhere if they could not help us as they were very full!) It wasn't the deluxe room I wanted, they apologised the room would be small and not their best but I was so grateful for the fantastic service, we said yes! The room was great! If that is the worst, I look forward to staying in the deluxe when we next stay in NY! It was comfortable, well decorated and available straight away (11am!) On top of that, Nick took copies of all my paper work and has been great about chasing up the problem with me...really taking joint ownership when he really had no need. The hotel deserves all the praise you read in the reviews...coffee, juices and buns and biscuits available all day and a great cheese and wine evening (except Sundays). Breakfast is good too and though the hotel is just off Time Sq, we had an undisturbed trip and we were ideally located for shopping, theatre and everything else NY. Booking restaurants, taxis etc was no problem for the hotel and they really went out of their way to make sure we were happy and comfortable after our unfortunate start...they actually seemed to care about a problem that really wasn't theirs. I have stayed in many hotels in NY and I have to say that this is the best. An originally decorated, truly friendly, incredibly helpful establishment...I can't praise it enough for everything they did for us. On top of that...its half the price of the places we usually stay where you are pretty much invisable after check in.Thank you Nick and the guys and please, members, if you book on line, even through a great site like Trip Advisor and you get a confirmation...please please call and check! I shall not be using Travelocity again...they really didn't care and made no effort to apologise or even respond to my problem.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant My partner and I stayed at the Casablanca for a week in mid December.The hotel was clean and comfortable and is in a fantastic location (literally yards from Times Square). Our room was on the inside so was very quiet and well equiped, including a DVD player - free DVDs are available within the hotel, there is also a PC with internet access in the lounge area. On reading prior reviews I was a little concerned that the room would be too small, but the size was adequate and we were able to store ourselves and three large suitcases easily. There is a buffet continental style breakfast where you can eat as much as you want, also free wine and cheese in the afternoons.The main asset of the hotel has to be the staff, they were all great and nothing was too much trouble. From arranging meals in nearby restaurants on theatre nights, to helping us with the subway system, everything was handled in a professional and friendly way.I have no hesitation in recommeding this hotel, and will certainly stay here again when we return to New York.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gec1003
<Content>Loved the Casablanca Stayed with my daughter in December for a 3 day shopping weekend. The staff and service was excellent! Location was great! We are planning our next weekend escape at the Casablanca.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel was OK My girlfriend and I stayed at the Casablanca for six nights during December. We were greeted warmly and efficiently. The room was slightly small but we hardly in the room so it was not a major problem. Overall the hotel was ok for the price, NY hotels are very highly priced so perhaps I am being harsh but I expected a little more class for the money I paid.Positives- Location was superb just of the times sq- Free Coffee and Cookies- Staff were friendly and helpfulNegatives- I had to kill a cockroach in the bathroom- Price was high for the standard of the room- Breakfast was not worth the money  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic hotel  Fantastic hotel, excellent location, reception staff extremely welcoming  helpful. Lovely room  bathroom. Great value as breakfast  supper buffet included. Hope to return soon  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JMarsNJ
<Content>Loved it so much, we returned for another stay After our recent second stay at the Casablanca, I can only say WOW.Our first stay was in March, 2005, and was great. The desk staff was friendly and helpful, the generous breakfast buffet tasty and efficiently staffed, the complementary cocktail hour an excellent start to the evening. Even though we arrived early, we were able to go directly to our room -- which was upgraded to a suite. The bed was comfortable, the bath well-appointed, everything was clean (and my husband is FUSSY about cleanliness). And the location is amazing -- literally a few steps from Times Square, a block from the subway and the big Manhattan Toys-R-Us. With discounted parking ($25 for overnight) right next door, there seemed to be little more we could want. But it was a weekday in March -- not a traditionally busy time for tourism in NYC. I waited until we had another stay to post my review, and the Casablanca didn't disappoint.Our recent stay was also during the week, but during the week before Christmas. While we didn't get an upgraded room, the deluxe king we'd reserved was ready for us when we arrived at 1pm. There was no view (windows opened onto an air shaft), but as we were staying only overnight and weren't in the room much, that wasn't a problem. The room fit a king-sized bed, two nighttables, an armoire with drawers and a large TV, a table and two side chairs, with room to walk about. The bathroom was fine, although the tub really to shallow for a bath. There was plenty of hot water. The breakfast was just as good as on our first stay ... and even though the NYC transit strike began that morning, the staff was available to restock empty baskets and coffee pots. In short, our second stay reinforced our impressions that the Casablanca is truly a find in NYC. Our deluxe room with taxes was about $335 for one night. We're considering booking one of their New Year's Eve packages for 12/31/06 -- you certainly couldn't get closer to the action!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mangosara
<Content>Christmas in New York I am not sure what I can further add to recommend this hotel because as other reviewers have indicated this is an excellent hotel. It has the charm of a quiet country hotel but it's only a few metres from the centre of Times Square. The room was clean, relaxed and quiet and hot drinks were available all day - it was good to have 'time out' from the pace of New York.In terms of eating places there is an excellent Deli behind the hotel on 44th Street and an Italian Restaurant (which has vegetarian dishes) a few doors away. We booked the restaurant for our Christmas meal.One tip for your trip is remember that there are a number of taxes you have to pay on top of the room rate and these can really add up!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SouthernOregon
<Content>Comfortable, close to everything, loved it We just returned from 5 nights at the Casa Blanca and loved every minute of it. The staff was very helpful and friendly. Very professional, yet easy to talk to and get information on where to go and how to get there. As has been said in other reviews, it is so close to the action of Times Square. It is very quiet when inside and you wouldn't know that all of the noise is just outside.Comfortable room, not sure why some people have said the bathroom was small. Bigger than one I have at home. Right around the corner from the Good Morning America set. Close to TKTS booth for Broadway show tickets at a discount. We found the location to be especially helpful because we arrived the day before the transit strike. We got one day on the subway and then walked everywhere the rest of the week. The breakfast was a great deal and saved time for us. We never ate breakfast anywhere else. It was nice to have coffee and snacks at any time of the day. We would stay here again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>winstonbaby
<Content>The hotel and our large bathroom were great! We stayed at the Casablanca Hotel 12/6 - 12/8 before our departure on the QM2. We had a lot of luggage and appreciated our nice-sized king bedroom and very large bathroom which accomodated our carry-ons, etc. The shelving unit provided space for our toiletries. When I called to confirm our reservation, I was warned that it faced the street and could be noisy and was offered the option to choose a smaller and quieter room. We stayed in the original room, and at midnight each night, nearby construction began, but it was no problem, since we turned on our radio's selection of nature sounds and fell asleep to the sounds of a thunderstorm!There was a Christmas tree in Rick's lounge, and it was so cozy with the gas burning fireplace on such cold nights! The wine, cheese and 24/7 coffee, etc., were great! We enjoyed a wonderful dinner at Tony's which is accessed through an adjoing door in the Casablanca foyer. The staff was very friendly and courteous.We will definitely stay at the Casablanca again, and friends also plan on staying there after our wonderful experience!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic City, Fantastic Hotel Upon walking into the Casablanca Hotel I was greeted with a friendly face behind reception, his first words were, I'm afraid we have some bad news. I had booked a King Room back in April for our stay in December however they had to give it to another customer due to an over-booking. At this point usually I'm sure a battle between the receptionist/manager and myself would normally have ensued however the Casablanca offered me free wine, a discount from our stay and told me that we could have the King Room the following day - without me having to say a word. Sure they made a mistake but they corrected it immediately with absolutely no issues, it's that kind of customer service that I really appreciate.The rest of our stay at the hotel was fantastic, the shower was so powerful it reached places I didn't know existed! The location is perfect - Times Square is 2 paces away - literally. The guys on the front desk were really helpful and have great knowledge of good places to eat, drink etc while you're in the City. They referred us to The View which is at the top of the Marriott Marquis in Times Square - a revolving restaurant/bar that's on the top floor - it was very romantic and absolutely stunning!I high no problem giving the Casablanca 5 stars - our stay there was something I'll never forget!!  
<Date>Dec 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Casablanca - The big apples best small hotel       Big Birthday Celebration in the Casablanca  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>European Charm in the Heart of NYC What a wonderful little hotel right in the heart of Times Square. The room was sufficient in size and the bathroom was extremely clean. You can tell that the hotel was recently renovated. The staff is probably the nicest in Manhattan...always ready to help send you in the right direction or give advise on where to eat and what to see. We arrived bright and early on the last Saturday morning before Christmas. The staff stowed our luggage and invited us upstairs for a much welcomed continental breakfast, complete with cappuccino...a nice touch! We will definitely recommend this hotel to our friends. Check in and enjoy the sights and sounds of the city!  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mprg2004
<Content>Just right Spent 3 nights at Casablanca, from 9th - 12th December. Just as expected from previous reviews. Front desk staff very courteous and helpful, rooms more than adequate in size, very clean, decent sized bathroom, (rooms a bit warm during the night, but no complaint when -2 outside) and extremely quiet (Room 311).Breakfast and food available all day and night in Rick's a real benefit when arriving tired and late.Perfect location, only 50 yards from Times Square, walked everywhere.If you're looking for relaxed local dining, then a visit to Tonys restaurant next door is a must. Great atmosphere and huge portions.Would recommend this hotel to anybody looking for a good quality, clean, central hotel.Excellent.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Absolutely excellent hotel. No faults at all. Room was very clean (and I am fussy) with more then adequate room. The buffet breakfast was a great start to the day,the wine and cheese (and popcorn)in the evening was greatly appreciated after a long day exploring the shops in NYC.The staff were extremely helpful and I will definitely be returning to this hotel without a doubt.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nikko_UK
<Content>Great little hotel in the heart of Times Square Arrived at the Casablanca Hotel on Fri 18th Nov 2005 at about 4pm for five nights. Our room (505 (booked through Expedia)) was better than expected and of a size which, while not large, was more than adiquate for the rate we payed. Room was very clean and tidy with a T.V., DVD player, mini bar, safe, iron and ironing board. Bed was very comfy and air conditioning unit worked well (but was a little loud). Bathroom was well equipped and clean with lots of free groming products. Hotel aminities were all very clean and tidy with the second floor breakfast room/Rick's Cafe being an excelent place to relax with complimentary drinks/pasteries after a long day sightseeing or shopping. The location of this hotel was amazing, being just 50 yards from the heart of times square and a major metro station at the end of the street. The staff were very frendly, helpfull and polite and we could not have wished for a better base for our first visit to the Big Apple.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>3350
<Content>Staff the greatest asset of the hotel It was our first visit to New York and we stayed 24 to 29 October. We loved everything about our stay at this very stylish hotel. The staff were so professional but also very friendly and helpful and our room was so quiet and welcoming after all the buzz of New York. We will definitely return and highly recommend the Casablanca .  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a wonderful experience! My husband and I recently spent three nights at the Casablanca Hotel. The staff were wonderful, helpful and friendly. Our room was just what we requested. We were thrilled that even though we were in the heart of Times Square, we could not hear any of noise in our room. The breakfast and reception in the evening was great. We loved the wine, champagne, and cheese before our theater nights. The staff were very helpful in recommending great restaurants for after theater dinners. The location was great. We were just a ten-fifteen minute walk to the Broadway theaters. We walked everywhere. We only used transportation to and from the airport. We will definitely stay at the Casablanca again!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>inquisitor
<Content>One annoying problem The Casablanca is in a convenient location, is nicely decorated, well maintained, and the desk staff was very polite and helpful. The free continental breakfast and wine and cheese in the afternoon were nice touches. As noted in other reviews, the rooms are small. However the chief problem was our bathroom. Not only was it small but it was very poorly laid out. The toilet was so close to the wall in front of it that it was extremely awkward to use. This problem was much more annoying than it may sound, especially since the Casablanca is not cheap, and we would hesitate before staying here again.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>V Traveler
<Content>Almost perfect! We just spent two nights there and were very happy with the Casablanca. The staff was very nice and helpful. There was also a certain informality about the place and the staff that was refreshing. Our last trip to NYC we stayed at the Iroquois where everything seemed formal and cold-feeling. We paid $345/night due to the marathon taking place. If we had gotten some of the lower rates mentioned in other reviews I would be even happier with the hotel. The location was great for walking everywhere. Upon check-in we were given the option of a quiet inside room with a standard bathroom or a street-side room with a large bathroom. We went for street-side and were awakened a couple of times by the noise, but it wasn't too bad. If/when we stay there again we would probably go with an inside room. The breakfasts were good although some better fruit would be nice. It was also great to have a computer in the lounge to check email for free. My major complaint about a lot of hotels is spending a lot for the room and then being nickel and dimed for a ton of small things. I never got that feeling at the Casablanca. It was expensive, but they threw enough in that I wasn't bitter about the price.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great stay at the Casablanca Stayed for 7 nights with my wife and daughter as part of a round the world trip. Chose the hotel after a lot of research and the positive reviews in Tripadvisor and we were not at all disappointed. A quiet, personal, boutique hotel right in the heart of New York! The only minor hiccup was that, when we booked in (late at night), our 2 rooms were on different floors even though I had specifically requested for them to be together. When I pointed this out to reception they said they were pretty full and it was hard to meet our request. I said that I had booked the room months before and, as soon as we got to our room, the Manager phoned, apologized and said it would be fixed up the next morning (which it was). The staff were excellent and the front desk was always very cheerful and helpful and gave us excellent recommendations for local restaurants. The free breakfasts were basic (no hot food) but good enough to get the day off to a great start and the all day snacks and coffee plus the evening drinks and cheese were an excellent break to the bustle of New York. Have absolutely no complaints about the rooms 鈥?smallish, as you would expect in most cities, but not an issue for us, and the location was excellent 鈥?a few steps from Times Square but in a reasonably quiet street. A great place to stay and would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>magdog
<Content>We never actually stayed there After the rave reviews on this site, I booked a long weekend at the Casablanca for a girlfriend and myself, fully expecting free upgrades and all the amenitites mentioned for $269/nightI did not read the fine print, my fault, but the room we were offered was tiny with only one double bed. (I did not know this was an option. I have never stayed in a hotel where the standard was one double bed.) This would not work for us, so my friend got on the phone and booked three nights at the Marriott Marquis on Times Square for $208 per night (a government rate), available immediately. With our wheeled luggage, we rolled down two blocks to a wonderful room with two Queen beds with a partial view of Times Square. We were in jeopardy of paying for the first night at the Casablanca, but either they rented the room or let us out of the committment due to goodwill. At any rate, in the future I will think twice before committing to a boutique hotel.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved the Casablanca The staff was very courteous and friendly. The promised complimentary bottle of champagne arrived for my husband's 60th birthday as soon as we got our room. The king suite was more spacious than the two of us needed. If you are a light sleeper, you might want to ask for a room not facing the main street. The bed, pillows, TVs, DVD players, towels, bath robes and shower were great. They have a small selection of DVDs available for loan (they are switching over from videos). The free wine and cheese in the lounge is everyday except Sunday, and the piano player is there weekdays. The staff allowed one group staying there (celebrating one of the group's 80th birthday) to have several, additional guests join them in the lounge, before heading off to the theatre. The staff just brought out more wine and more cheese. The Italian restaurant next door had good food and so did the Heartland Brewery, just two doors down. We hated to leave and hope to be back!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sophievp2004
<Content>Just awful The trip was a surprise for my husbands 30th birthday and I was very excited to be staying at the Casablanca after reading all of the wonderful reviews on Trip Advisor. I had planned a car to collect us at the airport, a bottle of champagne in the room and I'd also asked the hotel to store a birthday cake overnight which was being delivered the day before my husbands birthday. I had e-mailed/telephoned the hotel on several occasions to confirm these arrangements.The champagne wasn't in our room when we arrived (Thursday) but I wasn't too bothered, these things happen. I went to the front desk and asked for it to be put in our room while we were out on Saturday (husbands birthday) I also confirmed that the birthday cake was being delivered the next day (Friday) and checked again than it was ok be stored overnight then put in the room along with the champagne on Saturday. I watched the gentleman at the front desk write this down so other members of staff were aware. Obviously this wasn鈥檛 made clear enough despite e-mails, telephone conversations and the conversation I had once we arrived at the hotel because while we were in our room on Friday the birthday cake was brought up and my husband opened the door and the surprise was totally ruined. Then on Saturday we had stopped off at the hotel in the afternoon to drop off shopping bags and to rest our feet for half an hour and while I was sat reading a mouse ran across the room. My husband telephoned the front desk who sent someone up and when he removed the radiator cover there was a mouse trap under there so obviously they were aware they had a problem but still kept selling the room. We were moved to the room next door which I wasn鈥檛 happy about because as far as I could see then if a mouse could get into one room then it could get into the one next door. We complained and were told that we would have to stay in that room for one night but could be moved to another room for the last two nights of our trip. We were really not comfortable with that so asked what else could be done. We were then told that we could move to a sister hotel (The Library) but would have to pay $50 - $70 more per night. I found this to be a very rude and insulting suggestion. They were trying to make more money out of us! Why should we be made to pay more just to ensure there weren鈥檛 rodents in our room?They telephoned the manager (whose cell was turned off as 鈥渉e doesn鈥檛 work weekends鈥? and then after about half an hour and a confrontation at the front desk they agreed that we could move to the other hotel for the same rate we had at the Casablanca and they would also only charge us for one of the nights we had stayed and not both of them. They would also pay for a taxi to take us to the LibraryWe spent approx 2 hours trying to sort this out, and then a further 1.5hrs moving and unpacking again not an ideal way for my husband to spend what was supposed to be a memorable birthday but, thanks to the Casablanca, will now be memorable for all the wrong reasons. We had a very disappointing stay at the Casablanca. The only thing they got right was the car was waiting for us to collect us at the airport but even then I was charged more than the quote I was given by the Casablanca and we had to wait 20 mins to get on a bus before we actually got to the car. Definately won't be staying here again! Thanks Casablanca for ruining my husbands surprise birthday trip which I had spent months planning.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>bucko55
<Content>It's all been said before Stayed at the Casablanca for 5 nights 20th to 25 October for a 50th birthday treat. Arrived mid afternoon to be told that we had been upgraded to a suite but with apologies that it could only be for the one night but they were also dropping our rate by 10 dollars a night, what superb start to the week, they informed us that we would have to be moved the following day but not to worry about anything as when we returned from our days excursions they would have transfered everything for us, low and behold on our return the following day everything was as we left it but in a different room. They then delivered a bottle of champagne to the room as a treat for my birthday, I don't think we would have got this in sort of treatment in many other hotels. The smaller room was adequate and the bathroom was a good size, at the end of the day you don't go to New York to spend a lot of time in your room ! All the staff were friedly and very proffesional, nothing was to much trouble. One day rain was forcast and they insisted that we take one of their umbrellas just in case, thats the sort of detail they take. Ricks on the second floor is great, free coffee and pastries all day with free cheese, wine and champagne from 17:00 - 20:00 every evening. The location cannot be beaten less the 50 yards from the centre of Times Square but still very quite once back in the hotel. There are less expensive hotels in New York but if this is on your short list try it you will not be dissapointed !!!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Pat & Linda in central CA
<Content>Great staff and loved Ric's Cafe My wife and I just returned from a short get-away in NYC where we stayed at the Hotel Casablanca on West 43rd Street. As you can see from a map, it's very well located just a block from Times Square. The staff was very courteous and helpful, the room was clean and quiet with a very nice large bathroom. On the second floor is Ric's Cafe which is available for the use of the guests; coffee, tea and soft drinks were available all the time with wine, cheeses, etc from 5:00 until 8:00 at no charge. In the morning a light breakfast (boiled eggs, cerials, fruit, rolls, breads and so forth) was available in Ric's.We have two dining recommendations: the 2nd Avenue Deli (2nd Ave @ 10th St, a cab ride from the hotel) was just great for lunch; have a pastrami sandwich, one was plenty for my wife and me to share, and if you like ales, try Layla which is brewed in Israel. For dinner, you should consider restaurant row which is on West 46th Street between 7th and 9th Avenues, a short walk from the hotel. There are several restaurants on both sides of the street and each has a menu out front for you to look at. We had Maine lobster dinners at Terry's ($17.95 each and worth it); next night we ate at a French restaurant just down from Terry's which was also very good and reasonably priced. After dinner we went to the very friendly St. Andrews Pub which is on the other side of the block from the hotel on 44th Street.We will definitely consider the Hotel Casablanca on our next trip to the Big Apple and we do not hesitate to recommend it to others!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>witucki
<Content>An island of calm 3 steps from Broadway A week in NYC was greatly enhanced by the convenience and comfort of the hotel and the exceptional amicability of the hotel's staff. Varied breakfast choices, snacks all day and the evening wine/cheese bar contributed to our feeling that the hotel truly makes every effort to serve as a home away from home. The room was surprisingly spacious (this IS NYC!) The bed was comfortable; the shower was perfect....even turn-down service chocolates. We will certainly return to a place so well-maintained and a staff so knowledgeable and friendly with such a central location - a block from the subway and from Times Square.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pots2005
<Content>Great Position - Friendly Service We stayed one night on a stop-over in mid September. We were made very welcome immediately on arrival and shown to our well equipped, comfortable suite.The position of the hotel couldn't be better, especially for a short stay, as it is within a few paces of Time Square and all the evening action.The first floor lounge with its 24hour supply of tea, coffee, biscuits and snacks was a quiet haven from the bustle of the streets and, much to the delight of my partner, there was a small private terrace where he was able to smoke.All the staff were very helpful and put themselves out to make our short stay enjoyable.We noted a previous reviewer's comments about the lack of air-conditioning in the lift and agree, however this was a small critisism when set against the advantages of this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>redlodge
<Content>Wonderful experience at the Hotel Casablanca My wife and I had a wonderful experience during our brief stay at the Casablanca Hotel. When I made the on-line reservations, there was only a room with a double bed available and I requested that we be upgraded to a queen or king-size bed if possible at check-in. On 09/13/2005 we arrived at the Casablanca at approximately 10:00 am as we had a city tour booked at 12:00 noon. Upon our arrival and check-in at the Casablanca, we were greeted by very friendly staff who immediately informed us that a suite was available and he would upgrade us to that room with no additional charge. Our room would be ready for us upon our return from the city tour. Our bags were secured for us and we were invited to go upstairs to Rick's Cafe to enjoy complimentary breakfast items and beverages before our tour started. Walking into the Casablanca Hotel was like walking into an oasis from the noise and bustle of the city.When we returned from our city tour, we were again greeted by friendly staff and shown to our suite. We were pleased with the accomodations of a separate bedroom area with two double beds, a sitting area and a large comfortable bathroom. We were invited to go to Rick's Cafe and enjoyed champagne, wine, cheese and crackers. After dinner out on the town and a walk in the Times Square and Broadway area, we returned to our room to find turn-down service and chocolates at bedside.The following morning we again enjoyed pastries and beverages at Rick's Cafe. Check-out time was at noon, but we were not scheduled to leave the city until 6:00 pm. We also had tickets to a Broadway play at 2:00 pm. The staff was very gracious in securing our bags until we were ready to leave the city and again invited us to relax in Rick's Cafe before our departure.Our stay at the Casablanca Hotel truly made our trip to New York City a memorable one!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Casablanca Hotel - a haven in Times Square We stayed a week (19/9 - 26/9) at the Casablanca on our first visit to New York. As first time visitors we found this to be an ideal position just steps away from the always busy Times Square. Despite the proximity to the hustle and bustle, the Hotel itself was a haven of tranquility and we did not hear any noise from our room at night.The all day complimentary beverages and cakes in Rick's Cafe were most welcome when popping back to the Hotel to drop off shopping or for a break between visiting attractions. The central position and nearby Times Square subway station meant that it was easy to get back to from anywhere in Manhattan for break.The Hotel also provides complimentary wine  cheese etc each weeknight which was also very welcome and was a pre Theatre must. We had prebooked Chicago  Spamalot before arriving and both were in easy walking distance from the Casablanca.The service was excellent from all the staff who would do everything they could to help and assist when asked.We would recommend this hotel and would not hesitate to stay there again if we are fortunate enough to return to New York.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>shrub
<Content>Awesome!! We had an excellent stay at the Casablanca. The staff is fantastic. Breakfast and Afternoon Tea was really good too. The location is perfect for anyone wanting accommodaitons that are wonderful and a short hop to the convenience of Times Square. Willl definitely stay again on my next visit to the Big Apple!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel ! We stayed here for 4 nights and loved it ! The staff were unbelievably friendly, efficient and the rooms were clean and tastefully decorated. It manages to keep it African accents without degenerating into a tacky, themed hotel. The location was great and quieter than I expected, especially given its close proximity to Time Square. We loved the wine and cheese event each evening where it was a good chance to chill out (drinking surprisingly good wine for a freebie), chatting with other guests or enjoying the small garden.Minor niggle - I couldnt get a cell phone signal in the hotel but that might be a common problem in NY.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Susan in Toronto
<Content>Great Hotel and Location Stayed 5 nights at the Casablanca and enjoyed the hotel, the staff and the location. There is a 2nd floor lounge that served continental breakfast, all day cookies and coffee and evening wine and cheese. It was great! The location for theatre going was perfect. I was initially booked into room 308 which was extremely noisy due to the ventilation system from the next door building but I asked to be moved and was accomodated quite willingly. I moved to a room on the inside courtyard which was much quieter.I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jasperparklodge
<Content>"Play it again Sam" We wish we could play our recent trip again. New York is a fascinating city and The Casablanca definitely increased the enjoyment for us. My wife and I stayed at the beginning and end of a 10 day trip for a total of 6 nights in 2 different rooms. My wife is very particular with regards to hygiene and found both rooms immaculately clean. For a city hotel our rooms were both of adequate size, one with quite a large bathroom. They were both very comfortable with everything you would need, bathrobes, safe, hairdryer, iron and board etc. The only point we would make is the noise of the air conditioning in one of the rooms but it was much needed at the time of our visit. The staff were all very helpful and courteous and attended to every need when asked but they weren't intrusive. Ricks Cafe, the second floor lounge, was a welcome oasis and always our first ,middle and last stop of the day. The breakfast was very good, the cheese  wine from 5 till 8 was fantastic after a hard day's sightseeing / shopping and before going out for the evening. We have stayed in many hotels and only when we have been on a club floor have we ever seen anything like this and usually not as good. It was a very comfortable experience and sometimes we had to drag ourselves away from the lounge. It also has a computer with free internet access available and a pianist on Friday evenings.The location is perfect, literally strides from Times Square but with the welcome tranquility inside the hotel this is hard to imagine.The best recommendation anyone could give is to say they would stay again and on our next visit to New York we fully intend to do that. Thank you Casablanca for making a great holiday even better.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>katyshay
<Content>We loved it! 4 adults and 1 child (2 rooms) The central location is perfect, the staff in the lounge area was exceptional, we had a great experience and would come back again and recommend it to friends.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Gartland
<Content>A Perfect base We have just returned from our first NY visit and stayed at the Casablanca for four nights, largely on the basis of good reviews.We were not disappointed.The staff are friendly and helpful, the rooms which I had read were small were no smaller than most city hotels ,Rick's Cafe with the complimentary breakfast, all day tea/coffee muffins newspapers and evening cheese/wine was an oasis of sanity and the location is very convenient (walkable for most first visit sightseeing). We would strongly recommend this hotel unless you want the fitness club/swimming pool/restaurant type experience of a large chain hotel.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Vermelho
<Content>The best hotel in New York I booked a room at the Casablanca for a 3 day stay in August 2005. I must admit that I was slightly apprehensive about staying there due to some recent reviews and, in fact, almost changed my reservation several times. However, I eventually decided to stick with my original reservation and I am so glad that I did.The Casablanca is a truly wonderful hotel. An absolute oasis amidst the hustle and bustle of Time Square. It was almost as if I entered another era as soon as I stepped foot through the door. I was upgraded to a queen room without asking and I found the room to be delightful. Yes, it was fairly small, but this was not a problem at all. There was plenty of room for a queen sized bed, a cupboard with minibar, large TV and VCR, and a small table with 2 chairs. There was a marble ensuite bathroom which was lovely and clean, and the toiletries all smelled of spiced oranges. Yum! I am particularly picky about where I stay and about cleanliness, and I could not fault a single thing at the Casablanca Hotel. If anyone complains about the size of the rooms then they are obviously spending way too much time within the room. There is so much to see and do in NYC that I was rarely at the hotel.There is a buffet breakfast in the 2nd floor lounge area, tea, coffee, cakes and biscuits throughout the day, and a wine, champagne and cheese buffet in the evening. This is a wonderful, and very useful, extra which most other hotels would charge for.The staff are extremely helpful and friendly, including the porter, the russian (?) girl who helps with the food and the front desk staff, Igor and Peter (?). I'm not sure if I got the names right, but they were all fantastic.The hotel decor is not, as previously suggested, tired and dated but is in fact somewhat reminiscient of old-world Morocco and has a delightful atmosphere. Those who do find the decor dated must prefer the clinical look of most major chain hotels. the Casablana has a more individual charm and alot more personality than other NY hotels.The location is fantastic, being right in the centre of Time Square, about 4 doors away from the subway and from a Starbucks, and the theatres being approximately a 2 minute walk from the hotel. It is in a very central location giving good access to all major attractions.I would most certainly stay here again and I would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone. It is perfectly suited to all types of travellers and is a pleasure to visit.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic, lives up to reviews What a gem, an oasis just off Times Square. Brilliant location, warm and friendly staff. Loved the lounge with 24hr refreshments available and particularly felt welcomed and cherished as a guest by the champagne and nibbles laid on each evening.Decorations to a very high standard and appropriate to the name of the hotel. We had a good sized room with king bed and window to inner yard so no street noise but found A/C unit noisy as we are not used to having to use them. This was August in New York. Luxurious bed linen, toiletries and even soft fluffy robes. Cannot recommend this hotel highly enough.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Casablanca is Perfect Great hotel, do I need to say more. We stayed 4 nights, 5 adults, 2 rooms. One adult is so obsessive that she turns the bed down and unfolds all the towels searching for hair etc. Even she was satisfied that this hotel is clean. The 2nd floor lounge is a joy. The gym they sent us to was excellent (only a short walk away). The location is great. But best of all, the staff is as nice as can be. I almost didn't write a review so I could keep this gem available just for us--I totally recommend it!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>this is a great find Spent three days here and we loved it. Such a quiet oasis just round the corner from bustling Times Square. Nice lounge for breakfast and wine and cheese at 5pm. Very friendly helpful staff. Would definitely stay there again  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>katesmom
<Content>Disappointment My mother, daughter and I stayed at the Casablanca every year for several years and were delighted with the accomodations and the service, which was always above and beyond. I tried to book the Casablanca this year as well for several days in August. I left a telephone message that was never returned. When I made a subsequent call for rates the response was rather curt, not at all like the prior experiences I had with hotel staff. Finally I discovered the reason for the change: Manager Joe Reyes had left the Casablanca, along with two other wonderful staffers, Aaron and Scott. With a little detective work I tracked Joe down. He is now managing The Shoreham Hotel on West 55th between 5th and 6th Aves. We made our reservation at The Shoreham instead. Getting Joe Reyes is certainly a coup for the company that owns the Shoreham -- Joe's unparalleled attention to detail and his wonderful way with hotel guests is what made the Casablanca such a wonderful place to stay in NYC. How unfortunate the company that owns the Casablanca let him get away!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sbs74
<Content>4th time at this lovely hotel The staff is the secret of this pleasant, small hotel. I do not know where these polite, helpful, personable people come from, but they are the Casablanca's secret weapon. The wonderful former manager is gone, but the new one also cares about the guest experience. Yes, the rooms are small. That's it - my criticism ends right there. They can't make the rooms bigger, so if you need more space, than go to a different hotel. I have stayed at fancier, pricier, more luxurious, hipper boutique hotels (with much larger rooms!) but at many, I feel like I am always feeding the meter -- with 20 dollar bills -- to get the kind of service and attitude I found at this hotel. (Yes, I tipped individuals and left a gratuity envelope for the front desk as well as one for housekeeping.) My husband and I spent a week at the Casablanca. Four family members (staying elsewhere), including 2 well-behaved children, came over at all hours to pick us up or collapse into a chair at the end of the day before going to the theater. They ate a few cookies, drank a couple of glasses of wine, tea, milk  water according to age and preference. At check out, I offered to pay for what they had consumed, but my offer was declined. The Casablanca people got me theater tickets, recommended decent and appropriate restaurants, handled an important fax and kept a sharp eye on everyone coming in the front door. This was my 4th time staying there and I anticipate the 5th soon.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jordydog1
<Content>Does This Room Come With Earplugs? The Casablanca Hotel is in a great location and staffed by a lovely and caring group of employees. Our 4th floor room was smallish but cozy and nicely decorated. At approximately 12:30 a.m. a garbage truck pulled up under our window and loaded trash for several hours. We probably wouldn't have noticed the noise as much if we hadn't had to turn off our one temperature (freezing) and extremely loud window air conditioning unit. The food at breakfast was just OK, the secret recipe chocolate chip cookies seemed to be made by Chips Ahoy, and the back stairs were kind of worn and dirty. That said, given the nice staff and location, I'd probably go back. I'd just make sure I had a room off the street.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ltgnd
<Content>Great Location Why would anyone stay at a big hotel like the Marriot in NYC when for the same price you could stay at a gem like the Casablanca. Small intimate hotel just steps from Times Square. We stayed one night took in a show and dinner. Free wine and cheese in the lounge area as well as coffee and tea and continental breakfast. The room was a little small but more then enough for a couple. It was so nice to walk just steps from Times Square into the piece and quiet of the Casablanca. Would definetly stay there again  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>leebob
<Content>Nice place to stay in NYC-- but felt there was better out there.. This was my 3rd trip to NYC, in 3 different hotels.I chose Casablanca because we wanted an inexpensive base in Times Square. This place has the perfect location- just a few steps away from the heart of T.S, literally 30 seconds.Did this hotel meet my expectations? Well, kinda. The rooms are indeed small, which I expected. Comfortable, though- decent bed sizes, nice wardrobe space, a good enough bathroom.The downside of the room (maybe it was just our room, I'm not sure) was how dark it was. The lighting seemed inadaquate, it gave the room somewhat of a depressing feeling. That's a touch melodramatic, but it did dampen the mood of the hotel.In keeping with that mood, though, the rest of the hotel did seem a little old. I'm sure this was partially intentional- kind of the hotel's theme. The lifts were a little rickety, and the decor could certainly do with a face-lift to bring it into this century.On the plus side...The rooms were inexpensive, by NYC's standards. I think we paid about $250/night with taxes all in for a double room. Not cheap, but they were below other T.S competitors.The continental breakfast and wine/cheese evenings was a nice touch. We used this facility several times during our stay, it's nice to have a refreshing ice tea and a cake before heading back out... or a pre-evening out glass of wine (or two). They were very accomodating in this way, and the rest area is quaint and satisfying-- nice, comfy sofas, chairs, paintings and a piano.The rooms were also incredibly quiet. NY'ers enjoy honking their horns at all hours, and the city (especially T.S) really never sleeps. Yet, we did-- and well. The beds with comfortable and the air conditioning worked well.One of the workers in particular was also very kind, a young lady of Russian origin I believe. She had a fun, accomodating personality and we enjoyed speaking with her in the brief time we had. She deserved kudos for the job she did-- it made us feel very welcome.On the down side...The hotel just lacked something. I can't put my finger on it exactly, it just felt a little old and unhappening, somehow. The rooms were small and dark (as mentioned), and it wasn't really somewhere I'd feel like wanting to stay for more than a couple of days at a stretch.There was also a couple of occasions where the hotel staff were rude, unnecessarily. The first was around 2am when we stopped at the rest area upstairs for a drink (that they keep out all night), and we were told it needed to be closed for cleaning. This was silly-- we were only occupying a small table that had already been prepared for the night... the worker just wanted us out of that area.The second was on check out, when a $3 bottle of water was mistakenly added to our hotel bill. When we mentioned this, the male receptionist accusationally said to us Are you sure you guys didn't drink it? You wouldn't lie to me, would you?.... I'm not sure if that's because we were young guests (2 males, both 22) that we somehow smacked of criminal, but the fact that he made mention of a $3 bottle of water in the first place on a $750 hotel bill was highly unprofessional, and unappreciative of our stay.Aside from those small niggles, the Casablanca was not a bad place to stay. In fact, is was comfortable, quite accomodating, and hosted itself in the perfect location for us. I'm giving it 3 stars because, well, it just lacked that something that could have made it better. A little more chirp/enthusiasm from the staff members... a face-lift... just something.I doubt I'll be back at the hotel, simply because there's so much more choice in NYC to warrent a return to anything less than total satisfaction.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DSH1221
<Content>Falling out of love... We were initially captivated when we found this hotel two years ago. Despite the small rooms, everything was impeccible and we were treated, as the staff liked to say, like family. This last visit made us feel like oustead relatives however. The refreshment bar was always empty, the staff did not go above and beyond as we were used to, and an early morning power washing outside blew out the side of our AC unit, soaking everything in sight. I reported this to the front desk, as well as in a follow up letter to the manager, and never got any sort of satisfactory response. The only thing I can surmise is that, as one of the bellman confessed, they are just so busy all the time, some of that personal touch has definately been lost. We go to NYC at least once a month and have not been back to the Casablanca. We have found bigger rooms and better service at cheaper prices.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Hairyplotter
<Content>Lived up to our expectations We spent a week at the Casablanca from 28th May to 4th June; this was our first trip to NYC. Travelling as a family of four (2 adults and 2 girls aged 13 and 15) we realised, in our planning, that we would be unable to afford two rooms in a hotel of this calibre. It didn't seem possible to book on the internet for a family of four staying in a room with just two double beds, but a quick phone call to the hotel revealed that it wouldn't be a problem if we didn't mind sharing (thanks Jose on the desk).We were aware beforehand (from reading reviews on Trip Advisor) that the rooms were not spacious, and we were prepared to accept this (given all the positive things we had read about the hotel, which compensated for it). In fact, whilst the room was a little cramped (as anticipated) we were pleasantly surprised by the bathroom, which was quite roomy. We greatly enjoyed our stay, due to a range of factors: the proximity to Times Square, the fact that as soon as you walked into the hotel the noise of the street disappeared completely, Rick's cafe where our teenage daughters enjoyed using the computer and internet whilst we relaxed with the papers and (in the early evening) free wine and cheese. The pianist on Friday evening was very charming and played beautifully.All in all a great experience and one we would gladly repeat.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An oasis in Times Square We spent 4 nights and 5 days for our first NYC trip. Comming through the doors provided an immediate cool, quiet, and welcoming environment from the heat, noise, pollution and crowd of Times Square. We found all the staff to be very helpful and friendly. The breakfast and afternoon wine and cheese were not only complimentary but also ample; Rick's was a nice room to spread out in comfortably. While the room wasn't large it was just fine; the furniture was comfortable and always clean. Housekeeping staff was quick and unobtrusive; other hotel staff was always courteous and helpfulwith our requests for dining recommendations, show tickets, and general questions. We have recommended it to others and would definitely return.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean, courteous and very small We stayed for 3 days/4 nights. The staff was very courteous, the decor was tasteful and the room was very clean, but quite frankly we were alarmed by how small our room was. We should have gotten an idea of the problem when we boarded one of the two elevators, each of which is not quite as wide as a phone booth and about twice as deep. We booked far in advance, but learned only upon confirming days before our trip that king or queen beds aren't available, only 2 singles or a double bed. We quickly learned what must be the reason: the rooms aren't large enough to accomodate any larger bed. I am 6'3, so to avoid having my feet hanging way off the end of the bed, each night we edged the mattress down the box spring about 6-7 inches and filled in the gap near the headboard with pillows. As a result, we couldn't shut the bathroom door. That is how small the room is. The room itself was maybe 8' X 12'. Space was similarly at a premium in the adjoining bathroom. Ours had only a shower, but we were told that some rooms have tubs but none was available. There was no place to set out our toiletries in the bathroom because the bathroom was too tiny. We leaned our toiletry kits against one another on the elevated 5  wide windowsill. The bathrooms have now-outdated push button wall hook phones which seem quaint and useless now and the space would have been far better used on a fold down/up table or multi-use fold-down surface. The lack of any place to effectively set anything down was consistently off-putting. The designers would have done better to include less furniture and acknowlege the smallness of the space, placing functionality at a premium. They have not. We have truly mixed feelings about the hotel. It's well-located just off the heart of Times Square, the decor is pleasant, they put out a better than average complimentary continental breakfast in the comfortable and nicely appointed piano bar called Rick's (after the movie piano bar, I presume), set out daily papers for guests to peruse and the evening complimentary wine and cheese offering was better than adequate with pleasant non-intrusive live piano entertainment. We used an available PC internet connection in the bar, when it became available. I would actually recommend the hotel to anyone to whom the actual size of the accomodations is not less important, but completely unimportant. As I've detailed, the staff was friendly, the decor was pleasant and tasteful (evoking the promised Casablanca ambience without being overpowering or cartoonish) and the accomodations were clean, with some pleasant decor-appropriate touches (e.g. unusual orange scented shampoo and soap). With all of those positives said though...I've struggled with rating it as between Neutral and okay, but some problems because it was just so small. Frankly, unacceptably small. Because they've made such great effort to offer a worthwhile experience with the space they have, I've opted to go with the higher rating...but we would not stay there again. A final noteworthy disappointment was that after the trip, they double-charged our credit card. While they remedied it within a couple of days, charging back one of the two charges, they repeatedly blamed their credit card processor and while apologizing for the inconvenience, took no responsibility for it.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>atm
<Content>Just OK My wife and I stayed at the Casablanca over the weekend. The Hotel was quiet, well maintained and just around the corner from Times Square. The continental breakfast was excellent. Unfortunately we were expecting a larger room for the amount we paid. The bathroom was well decorated and the shower excellent. Not sure if we would stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TravelSchmavel
<Content>Business Trip, very satisfied, lots of free extras! I was pleasantly pleased with this hotel for my trip to NY. The breakfast buffet was free, nice selection not just pastries. The wireless Internet was free, and the cheese and wine buffet in the evening was free and excellent! I have stayed at many chain hotels in Manhattan, and this one was very clean, nice decor, great value, and great location. Even though it's a few steps from Times Square, my room was very quiet.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Catherine-SF
<Content>A nice landing pad from which to explore New York I stayed at the Hotel Casablanca for a business trip on the recommendation of other TripAdvisors. On previous trips, I had stayed at the Paramount. Comparatively, the Casablanca rooms are spacious. The service I received was absolutely impeccable. Only 3 negatives, and these are fairly minor but worth mentioning: They were having trouble with the high speed internet access, but I was able to plug my cable in at the lounge. I also couldn't get reception on my cell phone unless I stepped outside. Thirdly, I had a view of a wall from my window grin. However, if you are like me and more interested in seeing New York than your hotel room, this is an awesome place to stay - a nice landing pad. The rooms were clean, the service great (I can't emphasize this enough!), all my requests were met (ice was brought quickly every time I requested it, and the mini-bar was emptied so I could use it as a fridge), the beds were exceptionally comfortable, the soaps and shampoos smelled heavenly, and the breakfast/snack room was really useful. Plus, the location absolutely can't be beat.I'm reluctant to say any more good things, since that will only make them harder to book next time. :-)  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Made our special occasion even more so My wife and I traveled from Texas to NYC to celebrate our 25th anniversary. We booked the Casablanca based on the great reviews on TripAdvisor. We weren't disappointed. From the ultra pleasant and knowledgeable staff to the wonderful (complimentary) breakfasts and wine  cheese happy hours at Rick's Cafe, the Casablanca made our special occasion week even more special. Our king room was cozy, clean and well-appointed, and the location of the hotel itself can't be beat--just steps from Times Square. And the price, for New York, was very reasonable. We highly recommend the Casablanca, and we'll be back.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful, wonderful hotel I have traveled quite a lot but this was my first trip to Time Square. We chose the Casablana because of the reviews we had read before booking this hotel. We were not dissapointed! Clean rooms, beyond exceptional staff, and a piece of heaven in the midst of the chaos in Time Square. Tom, Nick, Peter, Lenny, Andrew, and the rest of the staff went above and beyond to make our stay enjoyable. Very personable and informative. I will never stay anywhere else if I return to the Times Square area.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Experience My husband and I stayed at the Casablanca Hotel because of the location (we needed to be near Times Square to attend a conference) and because of the excellent reviews it regularly receives on Trip Advisors. It lived up to its reputation! We had an Excellent Experience. Peter, the general manager, is a gem and the entire staff was helpful, welcoming, and informative. The rooms are spotless and tasteful. The bed is very comfortable. While there is no room service or business center (we don't need it), the Casablanca has a lovely lounge for guests, Rick's Cafe. There are beverages and snacks available all the time as well as capuccino and expresso. Breakfast is included and it was more than we expected for free--fresh fruit, yogurt, cereal, juice and a variety of breakfast sweet breads. The hotel also serves very nice wine and cheese in the late afternoon--all good quality (delicious Proseco!) The lounge also has a high speed internet access computer available for free as well. For the money, this is one of the best deals in New York City and I highly recommend anyone who wants a centrally located NYC hotel to stay at the Casablanca Hotel. We loved the hotel and truly enjoyed an Excellent Experience!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jmhalberta
<Content>great place, what more can I say? It's all been said before.....We had a wonderful 8 night stay. Not a complaint to be had.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Four star service with a Smile! My mother and I stayed at the Casablanca last weekend to celebrate her retirement. I'd never heard of this place before reading the mostly positive reviews on this site and prayed that my experience would be just as good. No worries, as it turned out. The Casablanca is truly a gem of a boutique hotel with warmth and service that some of its more lofty neighbors should take note of.Check-in was exceptionally fast and pleasant. The folks manning the front desk and door (Tom, Nick, Peter, and Leon...you're the best!!!) seem to wear many other hats. But I've never seen a group of people who seem to enjoy their jobs and helping their guests to have an even better time. Really. They didn't just greet you at check-in and check-out. They'd ask how we were doing in between and often asked if we needed anything.Wow. There are some 4-star places uptown where I had to chase staff down for help. Not here.Rick's Cafe is wonderful...spacious, relaxing, and informal with a large-screen TV, a PC discreetly placed in the corner so that you can surf the web, and some of the best, extra-dry champagne that I've tasted. By the way, the champagne, wines, coffees, teas, pastries and cookies are all free.I just kicked back and watched the US Open totally contented! The deluxecontinental breakfast (no extra charge) was also very nice with warm hard boiled eggs and fresh fruits along with the normal pastries, yogurts, juices,coffee and tea.Another thing that stood out...many of the guests are repeat customers. I ran into a guy in the elevator from LA who comes once a month and is perfectly happy to look nowhere else. We met a wonderful couple from the UK who and a lady from Florida (with her mom) who seemed to share the same thought about the Casablanca. Loyalty...pretty telling.We had a queen room in #608 and the place was very clean with a lovely, larger than I expected bathroom and really nice toiletries. True, we had a view of another building. But with the way we were treated, who cares!If you really want to be treated as a welcome guest and want cleanliness, exceptional service, the Casablanca is a good value for your money. I'lldefinitely be back.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Shambles
<Content>Great Place My friend and I stayed here end April for 5 nights. We could not fault anything. Our room was quite big as we had a double double. The large bathroom looked brand new with big mirrors and a hairdryer, robes, toiletries and clean towels. Service was impeccable, breakfast consisted of cereals, bagels, yoghurt, fresh fruit, croissants, a choice of teas and coffees. The complimentary wine and champagne commenced 5pm til 8pm Mon-Sat, which was great for either coming back with tired feet in need of a drink, or as a start to the evening out. There seems to be no limit either.The staff were first class and a standard exceeding most big chain hotels.We had no trouble walking around Times Square at night either. We are definitley going back there once we have saved some more shopping money!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Too much money for too little comfort My husband and I stayed here from May 25th to May 31st 2005. It is a lovely hotel in a perfect location with gracious staff, but our room was intolerably warm, even though the outside temp. was only in the 70s. Having the A/C on high 24/7 didn't help. Opening the only window and turning off the A/C didn't help either. Even the hallways, elevators and Rick's Cafe (where breakfast and afternoon wines and cheeses are served) were overheated. The linens didn't fit the mattress and the bathroom sink faucet produced only a thin spray of water (hot, cold, or warm). In the end we decided to put up with all of this because of the location and the inconvenience of moving, but we won't be staying there again. The Casablanca is far too pricey for what it offers.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CosmoC
<Content>Tough to Beat the Casablanca My wife and I stayed at the Casablanca from Thursday, May 19th-Sunday, May 22nd. This hotel is a quiet place to stay amid the chaos of Times Square. The staff practice a high level of service that is hard to find in most hotels. They greet you when entering the hotel and wish you a good day as you leave. Any request is met cheerfully and promptly. The rooms are not huge, but are very clean and nice. Rick's Cafe on the second floor is where guests can get breakfast in the morning as well as coffee, tea, or wine with cheese and other snacks in the evening, all complimentary. You can also access the internet there, again complimentary for guests. The hotel has a unique Moroccan-themed decor that is a pleasant change from the predictable chain hotel atmosphere. Also, there are many good restaurants in the immediate area, including a great Italian restaurant right next door to the hotel. Overall, the Casablanca is an exceptional place to stay in New York. We will stay there again when we return to New York.  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An oasis of civility amidst the hustle and bustle of Times Square. The Casablanca Hotel is an oasis of civility just steps from the hustle and bustle of Times Square. Prime location within easy walking distance of most major attractions. This small hotel provides a level of personal service and attention to detail that is almost unheard of at large hotels. We were always greeted and welcomed back upon returning to the hotel. Our room was well maintained, very clean and extremely quiet. Rick's Cafe, a second floor lounge area is very well done and is an amenity we enjoyed quite often. I've stayed at large New York hotels but none can match the feel and comfort of the Casablanca. It's a home away from home.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Casablanca hotel, your NYC home What an enchanting hotel. Nick on reception is wonderfully charming and nothing is too much trouble. Rick's Cafe on 2nd floor is such a nice way to relax after a long day of sightseeing and meeting lots of interesting people.We were upgraded to a suite at no extra cost. Highly recommended.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic hotel for a fantastic holiday! My boyfriend and I chose the casablanca for our recent trip to New York on the strength of other reviews on tripadvisor.... we weren't disappointed! On arrival the staff could not have been more welcoming and were very understanding about an initial problem with my credit card. We were upgraded to a kingsize room which was very spacious by New York standards and had a fantastic bathroom. The location couldn't be better, on Times square slap bang in the middle of Manhattan and yet the hotel remained a little oasis of calm. The breakfast was always fresh and plentiful, coffee, juice, cereal, bagels, pastries and muffins etc and the cheese and wine in the evenings was a lovely touch.Highly recommended! By the way if you want the best pizza in town then check out Johns next to 'The Producers' on broadway.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>big-dave
<Content>stop writing good reviews - keep this hotel a secret Only joking in the title, seriously, for the most of us, staying in a new place can be daunting. Thanks to Tripadvisor, that can now be a thing of the past. If it wasnt for the good reviews about the Casablanca, we would never have known about this special hotel ( I'm sure there are others out there waiting to be tried ) - we might have gone with our first choice the Pennsylvania. We stayed for 3 nights at the Casablanca ( Apr 4,5,6 ), en route to Las Vegas. Staff - pleasant, courteous and helpful. Position - step out of Hotel door, turn right 20yds ( I know, it should be mtrs ! ) now on the corner of 43rd and Broadway, turn right again and another 100yds takes you to Times Sq. Hotel to most Theaters, 10 mins by foot. Rooms - pleasantly decorated, clean  quiet ( get one at the back, building work on 43rd St at the moment )2nd Floor Lounge - breakfast included, what more can you say. Evening wine  cheese. We came back in the day, and biscuits and coffee were available - in fact, I think that the refreshments were available all day long.All in all, a very good place to stay - we will certainly be staying at the Casablanca when we vist NY next ( unless there are some other good reviews out there ! )if anyone wants more detail, photos, how to get there from Newark, etc, etc - contact me by email  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>snorkieuk
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous. We stayed at the Casablanca from March 10th till March 17th 2005. It is undoubtedly one of the most charming hotels I鈥檝e had the pleasure to stay in. Location is excellent, seconds from Times Square, Theatre district and minutes from 42nd St. Subway station. Macy鈥檚 and Empire State are about 15 minutes walk from the hotel handy when returning laden with shopping. Despite its proximity to the hustle and bustle of Times Square it is incredibly quiet. The staff were excellent and very informative always willing to help out with a dinner reservation and took a genuine interest in our itinerary (especially keen on our reviews of the Broadway shows we鈥檇 seen Avenue Q is brilliant). The hotel continental breakfast is better than expected and is a must for the walking required in New York. The wine and cheese was lovely to wind down to after a hectic day in the city and perfect for pre-dinner, theatre, Jazz drinks. This is accompanied with live piano music which I鈥檓 sad to say is dying out in hotels now but full credit to the Casablanca for keeping it alive. The room was reasonably sized considering New York鈥檚 penchant for human rabbit hutches. We had quite a small bed between two of us but that was more Expedia not explaining the bed sizes properly something to have in mind next time. Thus in summation Casablanca Hotel鈥檚 location is excellent, staff are very friendly and the rooms are high above acceptable standard. I will definitely be staying here again and would not hesitate to recommend this 鈥榮ecret鈥?as it has been eloquently called by previous reviewers to my dearest friends and family.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb We read several reviews about the Casablanca before we booked for April 6-10, but never expected such a warm reception upon our arrival, nor such superb service throughout our stay. We were truly pampered by the staff. We have had continental breakfasts in the past, but never one to compare with the breakfast offered by this hotel. We especially enjoyed the second floor lounge with wine and cheese in the late afternoon. The hotel's location was perfect for our walks to the theater-and around Times Square. We highly recommend the Casablanca and hope to return.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kirstygirl
<Content>Fab This hotel was really fabulous. The staff were extremely helpful and went out of their way to ensure we all enjoyed our stay. My sister was particularily partial to the excellent cheese and wine in the evening(free)Fab location fab staff and fab Tonys restuarant next door. A wonderful holiday.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome! We stayed at the Casablanca April 6-9 after reading the reviews on this site. We were not disappointed! We stayed in a suite with two beds and a hide-a-bed. The room was large, clean and well decorated. There was a vcr and movies were available to borrow. The second floor lounge was wonderful--wine and cheese every evening and a great lite breakfast in the morning. The staff could not have been more congenial. This hotel exceeded my expectations and the location was perfect...on a quiet street right off Times Square. Stay here--it definitely beats anything else in the Times Square area and only a few steps to the subway. Again, you won't find a more pleasant staff anywhere!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Linda travels
<Content>Customer service is great Stayed here in March 2005. Very accommodating staff. Great that Times Square is right around the corner yet at night it is quiet. Not much of a view from the room. Fairly small room. In the winter a complaint is that you can't control your room heat. Way too hot for us. The complimentary continental breakfast was very nice. Seems a place more for older people, maybe retired age. Kind of a formal atmosphere. Nice place but liked the Courtyard Manhattan TImes Square better.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Oasis in Time Square -- best kept secret Spent two nights in manhattan at the Casablanca -- I picked the hotel based on reviews in tripadvisor and the experience exceeded my expectations. The rooms were nice and the lounge on the second floor with the free cookies/cofee and expresso was a very nice.The best part of the hotel was the concierge Leon and Nick. I was running around to museums and called Leon at the hotel and told him that I needed to find a very good restaurant in little Italy for that evening. Within a few minutes he called back with the name of the restaurant and told me that I had reservations for my requested time. It was one of the best meals that I have experienced. I travel extensively around the world including to world class spas with my wife (e.g, Miraval in Catalina AZ) and I strongly believe the service that you receive at the Casablanca is as good if not better than the service you will receive at world class hotels. I hope this remains a secret as I look forward to going back during my next trip to NYC.You will not regret your choice if you end up at this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jab31151
<Content>Wonderful hotel My wife and I just spent six nights at the Casablanca. We made our decision to stay there based upon the Trip Advisor reviews and were not disappointed. The location is perfect, steps from Times Square. The entire staff treated us well. Everyone was very helpful. If a continental breakfast suits you, the Casablanca is great. No wasted time or added expense for going out to breakfast. The wine and cheese in the afternoon is a fine way to relax before going out to dinner or a show. We had a king room, which was not large, but more than adequate. The bathroom was very clean and large. My only negative comment is the lack of drawer space in the room, but we utilized the closet shelves and what drawer space there was. Overall, we couldn't have been much happier and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great service and location I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to be in the middle of it all in Times Square. While the rooms are New York City sized (a bit on the small size), they are clean and beautifully done. The second floor (Rick's Cafe) offers a lot. Not only is it done in a living room style setting, it offers a little something for everyone -- the complimentary breakfast is very generous and has plenty of variety. Coffee, tea, fruit and cookies are on hand at all times of the day. I became a master at the cappocino (sp?) machine. The afternoon wine and cheese was just great prior to going to a show. BUT, you cannot beat the personal service you receive from the front desk. The two primary people that we dealt with were Nick and Leon. They went out of their way to take care of us. They would even come up to the second floor just to say hello during breakfast or during the wine and cheese in the afternoon. As a traveler to NYC you need to check out this hotel. As I said before, I would keep in mind the size of the room I am reserving and not try to get away with the cheapest as it will be very tiny. What you spend in an upgraded room, you save in breakfast and other snacks, wine, etc. Take advantage of what they offer on the second floor in the way of food, drinks, etc. The main two items I would caution you about are the room size and the pillow size/hardness. If you can, bring your own pillow. This was a great place to stay!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay We just got back from NYC. The hotel was great. The second floor living room (what we nicknamed it) was the best. We spent every morning reading the paper and drinking coffee. The staff made super suggestions and got us dinner reservations. Also helped explain the subway system which was scary to us at first. Just made reservations to go back in July. There can't be a better location in Manhattan. Heartland Brewery and Restuarant is very close and the food and ale was very good. Also the Manhattan Chili Co. was next door was a great surprise for a late dinner after a show serving Tex-Mex foods. And Tony's is a excellant bargain next door too. The only negative is you will not get a great view of the city from any of the rooms, but the greatness of everything else way made up for the view.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>elizabetha2
<Content>Delightful Oasis Our family of five stayed in a suite here the first few days of March. I was worried about us being cramped together, but found this hotel has the right idea. The lounge on the second floor became our family room, when people got up early (Mom loved the free cappucinos.) or wanted to stay up late (The kids enjoyed late night webcrawling.). The hotel staff was incredibly warm and helpful. The location was primo for our theater dates, and to the subway for going anywhere else. Being a country mouse, I found Times Square a bit daunting, but the Casablanca offered an oasis that was a sea of calm. We all loved this hotel and would return any time. Also loved Tony's right next store for great Italian feasts.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Casablanca is fab! I have just stayed at the Hotel Casablanca for a weekend break in NYC and am pleased to recommend it. This hotel is a small boutique type with lots of personality for people who like something a bit different and more personal. Super close to Times Square, the Theatre District and a subway stop but at the same time has quiet  relaxed atmosphere. Modern, good-size clean rooms complete with robes and chocolates! Friendly, helpful staff. The complimentary breakfast  24 hour tea  coffee machine were great time  money savers, much better than in-room coffee maker. Thought the price was good value for the perfect location and all the little extras. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lesley218
<Content>A Little Gem!! We loved this hotel! The location could not be better, right on Times square.We received a warm and friendly welcome on arrival and were upgraded to a king room. The complimentary breakfast was a bonus with coffee, tea, juices, bagels, croissants, pastries, cereals, boiled eggs we ended up having breakfast their every morning although that was not our intention but Rick's lounge was so cosy and inviting and a nice place to start the day.It was also a very welcome place to come back to and relax, have a glass of wine and some nibbles while resting our sore feet!The staff were all very friendly and helpful, a special mention must go to Joe the Manager who was genuinely interested in his guests and ensured that their stay was enjoyable.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An old favourite It's a while since I stayed in this hotel but when it first opened you could get a room there for $70/night. Rooms were small but like eveything else about the palce exquisite. Trying to get back there and will write a much more up to date review if I do.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ciaralouise
<Content>loved this hotel We really enjoyed our stay at this hotel, it is right next to Times Square, but there is hardly any street noise, and we were in a room at the front of the hotel. The staff were very friendly and helpful, they could not do enough for us. the buffet breakfast was very welcome as we could just come down to the lounge and not have to worry about were we were going to find somewhere to eat breakfast. all in all I would really recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Romasmith
<Content>Start of a Beautiful Friendship I scheduled a short romantic getaway to NYC for me and my wife. After checking the various reviews and after reviewing the hotel's website, I chose the Casablance Hotel. The website gave an honest depiction of the facilities. The location is fabulous-right on Times Square and close to the subway. The hotel was only two blocks from the theater we were scheduled to attend. The hotel has charm that was supplemented by the Morrocan decor. We were told that our room was under renovation and that the minibar refigerator was not functional. The hotel gave an appropraite discount for the inconvenience and offered to store anything we needed in the hotel's refrigerator (which we had to take advantage of). If the room was being renovated, they must have completed everything but the minibar. The room was clean and comfortable. The bathroom looked new. The water drainage in the sink and tub was a little slow but not a problem. The room was quiet and insulated from any street noise. Rick's Cafe was a good place to relax after returning from our trips in the city. The buffet was not spectacular but was sufficient and filling. The wine and cheese event each day was a nice tocuh and gave us an opportunity to meet and talk with other guests. The hotel has a bed and breakfast feel to it. The staff were very helpful and pleasant. I've stayed in other ritzier hotels in NYC but will be returning to the Casablanca. We certainly got our money's worth.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic stay Just returned from 3 night stay in NYC at the Casablanca. After reading reviews on this site decided to book at this hotel. Got upgraded to Kingsize room (504) which was big enough and had huge bathroom. Staff couldn't have been more friendly or helpful.... got great advice on superb restaurants. The lounge area too was perfect for breakfast, mid-day coffee or early evening wine and cheese. All in all a great city break and for the price the casablanca was excellent value.   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Delivered as Promised The Casablanca was exactly as advertised. Very nice for the price, a welcoming staff, and a perfect location. The hotel is less than 50 feet from the center of times square. The $17 dollar per day savings on the parking garage next door was a nice perk. The rooms were small, but decorated in keeping with the theme and very comfortable. Ask for a room that is 04 (304, 404, etc.) because they have larger bathrooms. Tony D's restaurant which is downstairs, was excellent. Rick's Cafe on the second floor was a perfect spot for a complementary evening cup of coffee and snack, as well as the free morning breakfast. We definitely will be staying at the Casablanca on our next visit to New York.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ivrea
<Content>A great place We stayed at the Casablanca during the great blizzard of 2005 and took full advantage of the comfortable common living room. The staff was very friendly and helpful, and while our room was small, it was clean, well-appointed and very quiet. The complimentary breakfast and evening wine and cheese hour were bonuses. The location could not have been more convenient. We can recommend it heartily.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JRA
<Content>Very nice...... We booked the Casablanca for a weekend primarily due to its location and the good reviews on Trip Advisor. We had a queen room($209 and $225)...nice size for NYC and very clean. Very nice lounge on 2nd floor for free breakfast and evening wine and cheese...along with piano music on Friday night. Nice to have quiet lounge on 2nd floor so incoming/outgoing guests are on 1st floor.Front desk staff very helpful. We had street-side room (403) and did not find it too noisy except for the infrequent sirens. We will be back.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect location; wonderful experience! Discovered the Casablance online, read the reviews contained herein, booked accommodations for three nights beginning 12/22/04, and had a terrific experience!The staff could not have been more pleasant and helpful. We especially like the smaller hotels and thoroughly enjoyed the availability of breakfast, wine/cheese later in the day, and constant light beverages and fruit at any time.Our room did not front the street, and the hotel was not full, so we had a quiet and peaceful experience we which prefer. However, we would question the soundproof room descriptions offered in their ads.We had two very insignificant problems which were handled right away. Our room did have drawers, good TV reception, nice bathroom with normal amenities and robes, chocolates and water. The rooms may seem small compared to other American chain hotels, but not necessarily by NYC standards, unless much higher prices are paid.We would suggest better pillows and lighting, but all in all, the experience was so good that we will definitely choose the Casablanca again!  
<Date>Dec 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No sleep and a vacation ruined. The staff did their best to accomodate us. The rooms are very small.That I could live with. There are no drawers in the room. That I couldlive with. The television had terrible reception on the main stations.That I could live with. The air conditioners are in the windows, so the noise from the streetis very loud in the room. The mattresses seem the cheapestfor an actual brand. Very, very hard and the pillows are small and alsohard.I had to keep the air conditioner on because the radiator was on and itwas almost 65 degrees outside. The staff did send up two blankets toput under the sheets. I went to Macy's and purchased some pillows. Try to have fun on a vacation in wonderful New York without sleep!I sent an email to the hotel about the problem and never received a response. So, here's my most honest review of the Casablanca Hotel,in my most favorite city in the world.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ktstravels
<Content>Great Experience! This website helped me in picking the Casablanca. We stayed there back in May during the first leg of our honeymoon. New York doesn't typically sound like a honeymoon destination, but I had never been there and it was always a dream to go- so much to do! The Casablanca was absolutely wonderful! After a scary cab ride from the airport, I was nervous to see what our room and hotel would be like. I was beautiful. We had a queen room, which I didn't think was small at all. Beautiful marble floors in the bathroom. The lounge/sitting room on the second floor was always great to come back to after a long day of walking. Free internet, drinks, snacks, etc. Every night we'd ask the staff for suggestions on where to go for dinner, drinks, etc. They even helped us with a route to take on the day we wanted to explore the shops around Greenwich village and SOHO. We had a wonderful time in New York, partly in thanks to the Casablanca. We will definitely stay there again. I HIGHLY recommend staying there!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2004
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay I recently stayed at the Casablanca Hotel October 29-Nov 1 with three family memebers in a suite. I have nothing but good things to say about this hotel. Our room was a decent size for NYC and very clean. The evening wine and cheese was great as was the breakfast (both free!). The staff was very friendly and helpful. The hotel is steps away from Times Square in the heart of the theater district. The subway is also just steps away. Being in midtown was is great b/c you are right in the middle of Manhattan with easy access to uptown and downtown. I would definately stay here again! Feel free to e-mail me is you have any questions about this hotel and/or its surounding area. Enjoy!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>freelancer
<Content>Clean and reasonable My husband and I stayed here while in town to attend a concert. We had chosen the hotel based on reviews here and their website as we were looking for a smaller European style hotel. The staff was very friendly. The room was small-but not by New York standards-we've stayed in smaller for more $$$- but above all CLEAN. The cafe/lounge with its free wine, cheese, snacks and espresso was very pleasant.We are both well travelled and picky and we would stay here again!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lshagen
<Content>New York's Best Kept Secret - the Hotel Casablanca October 23 to 27, 2004: If you're visiting New York City for the first time and want a prime location with great ambience, then the Hotel Casablance on 43rd Street is your place. We stayed for four wonderful nights. I loved the morning breakfast and evening wine with cheese. We met so many great people during those times, and really enjoyed the oasis off of Times Square. Extremely clean and friendly environment. Do I have a complaint? Yes, two. One, the pillows are not the best and Two, the lighting seems to be dim, but then I felt that way about most places in New York. Please don't tell anyone about this fantastic place, because we want to keep it a secret. With 48 rooms total, it is really like staying at a large Bed 'n Breakfast. We left New York for Louisville, Kentucky to a high rise Hyatt. I realized immediately that with all the frills, I missed the cozy feeling at the Hotel Casablanca. I just can't explain the special place it turned out to be.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Treated us like family We just returned from a business/family vacation to NYC and have nothing but positive comments about this hotel. Joe and the staff treated us like family from the moment we walked through the door. We were traveling with our two children and were given excellent advice on fun and interesting restaurants and tourist spots. The relaxed atmosphere at the Casablanca and the attentiveness of everyone who works there was such a highlight of our vacation. We truly felt like the comfort of home everytime we walked through the doors.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic staff in a great facility! My husband and i found the staff at this hotel the most helpful, informative and welcoming we've experienced (not a sour look to be seen!). They made nearly all our dinner reservations for us and offered general advice on sight-seeing, etc. The ever-present manager, Joe, milled around amongst the guests answering any queries, or just generally chatting without being overbearing. He seemed to know Manhattan as though it were his own backyard, and sent us to some fabulous neighbourhoods, bars and restaurants. The endless coffee and pastries (and breakfast in general) was a great bonus, as was the wine and cheese in the evening. The location speaks for itself. A real haven. We would highly recommend this hotel, especially to first-time visitors who appreciate excellent service and informative staff.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Winddancer1
<Content>I Loved This Adorable Hotel! I stayed here for a week on a business trip and for a convention. Since the hotels recommended through the convention were all booked, I found this cute hotel on this web site. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay. It's wonderful to have the friendly (and good looking) gentlemen greeting me at the door everytime. Their service was sweet and genuine. They were also very helpful with my several packages that I had delivered there.The lounge area with the continental breakfast was very nice as well as the wine and cheese they also had there in the evening. It was a relaxing place to get to after the craziness of dealing with the crowds in Times Square.I recommend requesting a room in the back of the hotel and away from the front windows since the street can be loud. This way you'd never know that you were right next to Times Square.The rooms are small, which is typical, but they are clean and the bathrooms are large considering the rooms.Overall I'd stay here again in a second if I had to stay in the Times Square area.Enjoy!Laura Jacobs  
<Date>Oct 27, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I will return This was our third stay at the Casablanca Hotel. My wife and I both love staying here. The hotel is a short distance from the Tines Square, which is not a bad thing. The rooms are clean. The price is more than fair. The breakfast is great. If your tired of the long lines to check in, or wait try the Casablanca. I will return to this place every time I come back to New York City.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location, shabby rooms Great location if you want to be near the theaters. The lounge is great, loved the coffee machine. The little courtyard is a nice touch. The rooms are very small and rather shabby. We had a one bedroom and a suite. Both were small and the bathrooms were on the tiny side. I usually stay at the Elysee (a sister resort ) but I was with an elderly relative who couldn't walk from 54th to the theater. I may stay there again if walking is a problem.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing Experience!!! We discovered the Casablanca hotel on this site, and decided to try something new on this year's trip to NY in August. I can not describe how wonderful our experience was. Everyone member of the staff from the GM to the desk staff was incredible and accomodating. We were going to travel to a new location next year, but after experiencing the Casablanca, we can't wait to return to this hotel next year. I can't recommend this hotel enough and the second floor is a great place to relax and to mingle with the other quests to find out about their day. I've stayed in a lot of hotels and this was the best stay our family has ever had. Thanks so much to the entire Casablanca staff for an incredible stay!!! See ya next August!!!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Small friendly botique type hotel near the Time Square action. Recently stayed for 3 nights at the Casablanca and then moved to the Affina Dumont for one night.The Casablanca staff is very friendly and helpful. The location is great for anyone wanting to spend time in the Time Square area. The room we were in was very small even by NY standards but was clean. Has a window air conditioner that just didn't do the job and was noisy, although there was no street noise. No ice machine. Had to call room service to get a bucket. Rick's Lounge is a nice feature. Breakfasts were good as were the various wines provided in the evening. If you are looking for a Time Square area small botique type place this is a good one albiet somewhat expensive at $285 plus tax for such a small room. We definitely liked the recently renovated Affina Dumont with its super large rooms and more modern style for less money. It's a matter of taste I guess.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely the best We just returned from a 3 night stay (Oct. 2-5) and I cannot say enough wonderful things about this hotel. The entire staff is friendly, helpful and goes out of their way to make your stay delightful. Rick's Lounge is amazing. This is one of the few places where a continental breakfast includes hard boiled eggs ( a great item if you are watching your carbs). The coffees and snacks throughout the day and evening are a wonderful way to recharge after a busy schedule. However, the evening wine and cheese reception cannot be beat. It was so nice to relax and sip some sparkling wine before heading out to face the chaos of Times Square. Our room was a nice size (2 double beds) but some of the rooms did look extremely small. The bathroom is beautiful and is so clean it sparkles. The entire hotel was extremely quiet, we never heard any street noise. The restaurant recommendations were perfect. This is the only place I want to stay!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel, great location - would stay here again Very friendly and helpful staff give this hotel the edge over many others. As we walked through the door, the staff on the front desk were expecting us, welcomed us by our names, and made us feel right at home (even though we were late due to a delayed flight).Rooms were not the largest I've stayed in (and we had a deluxe room), but I guess they were a reasonable size for Manhatten.Lounge area was really nice, where complementary breakfast and evening cheese/wine served. Fantastic location just yards from Times Square. Would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Casablanca Is Thee Hotel Just stayed at the Casablanca Hotel on Monday - 9/28 and it was absolutely wonderful. I have stayed in a few hotels in Manhattan and the Casablanca tops them all. The service and the representation is superb! It is a very cozy hotel and the lounge is a great feature for some good coffee and some wine later on in the day. I would recommend this hotel over all the others I have stayed at. You get so much more for your money here and it's just great to be around a staff who is smiling and willing to help you with whatever you need.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A True Gem! I stayed at the Casablanca Hotel the weekend of August 13-15. It is a truly charming hotel -- clean and quiet, very attractive, tasteful decor, extremely friendly and helpful employees and an excellent free breakfast buffet. There are also snacks provided during the day and a wine and cheese hour every week night in Rick's Cafe (a common area with a piano, big screen TV, computer access, books and newspapers). This hotel is a true refuge amidst the hustle and bustle of Times Square. As a single woman traveling alone in New York, I felt very safe and secure at the Casablanca. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to New York.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My home in New York City!!! My husband and I have found our place in New York City. We have always loved the city, but have never been able to find a hotel that makes us feel at home in the masses. As soon as we walked in the door of the Casablanca this was the last of our worries. The handsome gentlemen of the staff greeted us each day with warm smiles and a genuine willingness to make our trip as pleasant as possible. Thank you Aaron!!! Furthermore, Joe the General Manager was always on hand to make us feel extra special. As if this wasn't enough, they have complimentary breakfast each morning, wine and cheese reception, and a computer with complimentary internet access, all in the guests only lounge called Rick's Cafe. Oh yeah, and it is close to everything, and I mean walking distance.There is no question we will be back to the Casablanca every time we so much as step foot into New York City. Thank you sooooooo much guys for showing us a great side to New York!Sincerely,A Very Happy Guest  
<Date>Sep 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gkuta
<Content>Perfect Vacation My wife and I stayed at the Casablanca Hotel during the first week of August celebrating my wife's birthday as well as our anniversary. All of the positive reviews rendered by previous guests are right on the mark. Although we arrived several hours prior to check-in, our room was available and our request for a non-smoking, quiet room was honored. ALL hotel staff were exceptional! The front desk associates were very friendly, courteous, and helpful. They offered great recommendations regarding restaurants, entertainment and subway directions. Housekeeping was completed in a very timely manner as the room was generally cleaned while we were enjoying the complimentary breakfast at Rick's Cafe. We found the accomodations to be most comfortable, very clean and well maintained, and QUIET! We are very hard pressed to find any negatives regarding the Casablanca. The afternoon snacks as well as the complimentary wine and cheese during the early evening hours were a true oasis after enjoying a full day on the town. Rick's Cafe even provides complimentary internet access for guests of the hotel as well as NYC newspapers.Given the above amenities, plus it's terrific location, it would be difficult to recommend another hotel while visiting NYC.We are looking forward to returning to NYC and again staying at the Casablanca Hotel. The Casablanca truly made our vacation and visit to NYC very special.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NolaLA
<Content>Loved the Casablanca!! We just returned from our stay at the Casablanca July 24-31. We had a double room (1 bed for us, 1 bed for our teenaged daughters) and found it quite clean and comfortable. We had a corner room on the 4th floor and it was unbelievably quiet. The location is extremely convenient to everything and just steps away from Times Square.The big plus at the Casablanca is the staff. They truly can't do enough for you and go out of their way to be helpful and friendly. We also enjoyed Rick's Cafe - loved being able to enjoy breakfast without leaving our hotel, wine in the afternoon and a quick snack in the evenings. This was our first trip to NY and we really wanted it to be special, especially for our daughters. The people at the Casablanca helped to make sure that this was truly a trip to remember!!!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderfull Stayed at the Casablanca from July 13-15 and it was wonderful. The staff was friendly and attentive. Loved the wine  cheese reception and most of all loved it's proximity to Times Square. I can't say enough good things about this hotel. I will definately return on my next trip to the Big Apple.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to celebrate an anniversary My wife and I just spent a long weekend at the Casablanca in celebration of our 28th wedding anniversary. We have visited New York on several occasions on business trips and have stayed at the Kymberly Suites and the Marriott Marquis. As we planned this trip, we debated on whether we should stay at the Millennium or the Casablanca based upon the best available rates as well as comments that we read at tripadvisor.com. We chose the Casablanca and are glad that we did. The Hotel Casablanca is a great boutique hotel, with as friendly and helpful staff that you could ever ask for. The rooms were exceptionally clean and quiet. Average size for a New York Queen room, with nice appointments.The second floor Rick's Cafe is a nice spot to pick up the complimentary tea and coffee, along with other baked goods. The free breakfast is good if you are satisfied with cereals, pastries and juices. We preferred a hot breakfast, and the manager had an excellent recommendation of the Red Flame Grill just a block and a half away that had 24 hour, classic American menu that was prepared quickly, in a clean, crisp atmosphere.If you are traveling to New York, and Broadway shows are on your agenda its hard to imagine a better location than that of the Casablanca. A 10-minute walk to any show on Broadway, fifteen steps to the heart of Times Square. There is easy access to all public transportation, this is a great spot for pleasure or business. My wife and I are already looking forward to our next stay at Casablanca.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Economically speaking... My 3rd stay in NYC was at the Casablanca. I was booked for the Casablanca once before, but due to low water pressure was re-routed to a sister hotel, The Library Hotel (very, very nice, btw). Casablanca was very convenient to Times Square. Rooms were smaller and less ornate than at others I've stayed, although very clean. The 24-hr lounge area is probably the best feature. Some mix-up with our reservation caused our card to get charged twice, but this was remedied pretty quickly by friendly desk staff. Economically speaking, the Casablanca is a good deal only if you don't mind working through a few booking snafus.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We were made to feel so welcome We have just returned from the Casablanca and all I can do is praise it from every direction.The location is absolutely superb, literarily 15 steps away from Times Square.The welcome on arrival was as if we were long lost friends and this kind of attitude was maintained throughout our stay.The rooms although a little small (but in actual fact excellent for NY) were immaculate and I mean immaculate.The complimentary food/drink both during the day and during the evening were of high quality and the choice was vast.Would certainly recommend as it covers excellent standards at a very reasonable cost - we booked direct with them and saved a fortune.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jan83
<Content>Incredible Another incredible vacation! This place makes me want to do a commercial on it. Our 10 day April stay was our best yet! The staff is excellent, very caring, and Joe and staff are professionals. We love happy hour. This staff is dedicated to making sure your stay is not good, but perfect. We travel a lot and I've never felt more welcome, or been more pampered. I was even asked to call and let them know we made it home safely. Your website is the best, simple and right to the point.   
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>L3YTH
<Content>Fantastic hotel Although the rooms were quite small they were very clean and the lobby staff were among some of the most helpful and friendly we've ever met. The cheese and wine in the evening was a nice touch and the breakfast selection was excellent.We would most defiantely use this hotel again.  
<Date>May 10, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel....however, After months of research, I picked the Casablanca for my first trip to NYC. I was impressed initially with the wonderful response from the staff when booking and calling with questions prior to my stay. The hotel did not disappoint, it was in a great location, the evening staff was amazing, and the lounge was a perfect place to start and end the day. There is a bit of wear and tear in the rooms and we had some minor repairs needed, but very clean. However, as mentioned in a few other reviews, even confirmed reservations do not gurantee a room. We were scheduled to arrive Saturday, May 1st and I got a call April 27 telling us that we would have to be moved due to water damage. As I had read previous postings here, I was somewhat skeptical and called to protest. I was told the entire 6th floor had to be moved due to water damage and carpets needing to be replaced. They were going to move us several blocks away to a Ramada inn. However, after much argument and realizing we were staying not just one day, but 5 (I had to book two different type rooms due to availability), the story changed and our room was guranteed. Interesting enough, the day we arrived, we were talking to a group of ladies on a tour who were all staying on the 6th floor. THey reported their rooms were just fine. Another guest later in the week was relocated for the weekend due to electrical damage. And a final inquiry on my last day there plaster damage was mentioned. So I am in agreement with an earlier review that this hotel does indeed overbook despite their assurances that there really were problems. I would recommend arriving during the middle of the week to help ensure not getting bumped on a busy weekend. I would love to stay again and would recommend the hotel, but would always be hesitant that I might be kicked out at the last minute. Might be in anyones best interest to have a back up plan. But if you can get in, it's a great place to stay. I truly wish I had not had the problems I did, as it tends to cast a bit of disappointment on the entire stayand prevents me form recommending it 100%.   
<Date>May 8, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful stay at the Casablanca I stayed at the Casablanca Hotel in late March. The service could not have been better. The front desk staff was especially friendly and helpful for restaurant ideas and even helped to package a Broadway show poster for me to take on my flight home. The room was small but clean and the bathroom had all the necessary ammenities. The breakfast offered a good variety and wine was enjoyed later too. And Tony DiNapoli's restaurant next door is very convenient and the food was great. Try the blood orange martinis there -- excellent!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Service and location Stayed 5 nights over the leap year 2004 for 5 nights. Very impressed with this hotel. The best feature was the standard of service by the staff, very welcoming and gave some great recommendations for food - eg Ruby Foos. The location was excellent and the italian next door was excellent and very cheap, convient when jetlagged etc. The lounge with complimentary wine was great and even after a night out, you can help yourself to a cappacino and an oreo cookie or two.... Only downside the size of the room/bathroom - but from what I understand that is usual in NYC. Highly recommend this hotel  
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GDumont
<Content>We will return We were there for five nights at the end of March. The central location for shows and seeing the sights is a big plus, but better was the hospitality we received from the courteous and helpful staff. And we appreciated the lounge and the chance to relax with other guests, to share experiences over a glass of wine.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>free101girl
<Content>Obviously has an overbooking problem Don't count on actually staying here, even if you have a confirmed reservation! Based on a previous review and our own recent experience, it appears this hotel regularly overbooks. What made this especially galling is that we had received a phone call from the Casablanca management the day before we arrived, to confirm that we would be coming for a four-night stay (3/27/04-3/31/04). Yet when we showed up at 5:00 pm to check in, we were told we did not have a room and fed a ridiculous and obviously invented story about a roof leak causing our room to be unavailable. (Suspiciously enough, they insisted the roof leak would be a problem only for Saturday and Sunday nights. They were absolutely certain it would be fixed for the last two nights of our stay -- the obviously less-in-demand Monday and Tuesday night.) They packed us off to the Royalton, right around the corner, and paid the difference in room rate for the first two nights, but they expected us to come back to the Casablanca for the last two nights. Talk about inconvenient. In any case we loved the Royalton and decided to stay there for our entire stay, even though we had to pay substantially more for the last two nights. Everything about the relocation made the trip much more expensive. For instance, the Casablanca includes free continental breakfast and free afternoon wine and snacks, while the hotel they substituted charges $21 for continental breakfast and a minimum of $10 for a glass of wine. Also, the Casablanca has free high-speed Internet access, while the substituted hotel charges $10 a night. Had we been on a tight budget, this experience would have been absolutely infuriating. Fortunately we could afford it. But we'll never book the Casablanca again.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>calabash
<Content>great place to stay We just spent 4 nights at the casa and enjoyed it very much. The staff are all very friendly and accommodating. The breakfast was a good time saver and the 2nd floor lounge handy for relaxing out of the room. The best part...free wine after a busy day of walking about. The rooms are nice too! Thank you all for a fabulous stay!!!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Stay This was the perfect Hotel for our first visit to NYC. The Service is excellent, the location is great, the rooms are small but very nice and clean. We would highly recommend this Hotel!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TravelOrUs
<Content>We'll be back We had a wonderful stay here - yes, the rooms are SMALL, but if you're in New York, all you need a room for is sleeping - if ever!! The staff are extremely friendly and helpful, and we enjoyed the relaxation in Rick's Cafe on the 2nd floor, with coffee and nibbles when you come in from shopping, walking, sightseeing. The Casablanca is bang smack in the middle of everything, Times Square, 5th Avenue, restaurants, pubs - brilliant!! We'll be recommending this to our friends.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Birthday I took my husband and 7 friends to this hotel to celebrate his 40th birthday in New York and this hotel certainly helped to make his stay memorable. The rooms are small but extremely clean and comfortable and perhaps have even too much furniture for the sake of a bigger bed. The service was one of the finest examples I have ever received - the front desk couldnt do enough for us and the ambience is relaxing and friendly. The location is fantastic - couldnt fault this place - would go back again without any hesitatation. Thank you for helping to make this celebration so wonderful.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a disappointment What a disappointment - in every regard. For a Christmas gift, I bought my parents tickets to a play and Saturday night at the Casablanca hotel. I chose this hotel because it was a great location - and the rooms and accomodations looked special - which I wanted them to have. The room was booked in December - indicating that the cancellation policy was cancel at least 1 day before day of arrival. Their trip was for Valentines day evening. On the day before, the hotel called MY home and left a somewhat threatening message - if I didn't call to confirm before 7:30 the night before - the room would be re-booked. I was out of town for the weekend already and didn't get the message until 3 days later.I reluctantly called my parents to find out about their horrible treatment - they were assured that the guests who were booked for Friday night refused to leave - and they can't kick them out. If that was the case, why did they leave a message the day before saying if we didn't confirm, we would be cancelled? Their solution? They sent my parents to Hotel 41 - which was a much lower quality hotel - which they didn't enjoy at all. To boot, they charged my parents the rate that I agreed to pay for the Casablanca hotel - which is much higher than the dumpy hotel they stayed at.When I called the manager - I was assured that the bill would be credited. However - my parents just received the bill with no credit. I faxed the hotel and received no reply.What a disappointing evening all together - thanks to the Casablanca hotel.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We love this place! Our family has stayed at the Casablanca Hotel many times. We have never been disappointed with it! First, it's got location; free spending visitors adore everything from the souvenir shops, eclectic restaurants, bars to the enormous billboards of Victorias Secret models to the latest mega-musical. It is incredibly convenient. The rooms are good sized  the staff is SUPER nice. We love this place.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great personalized service   showReview(1625234, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>simply the best!   showReview(1564405, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!   showReview(1548158, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>New York's Best!!   showReview(1533739, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 31, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent service, truly pampered!   showReview(1229690, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You'll love this place!   showReview(1130597, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TomiPhoenix_AZ
<Content>Loved It!   showReview(1108084, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2003
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beautiful intimate hotel   showReview(925315, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pontooner
<Content>Memorable experience   showReview(918928, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>absolutely delightful   showReview(692745, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>19giramondo77
<Content>Casablanca Hotel: un sogno!       wonderful patio  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Happyteddy
<Content>Ein sehr empfehlenswertes ruhiges,gem眉tliches    showReview(23153181, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bauloise
<Content>super sejour   showReview(20869066, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Flavi01
<Content>Tres agr茅able s茅jour   showReview(20644096, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bacb
<Content>alquanto deluso   showReview(19476337, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	4	3	5	4	

<Author>malaga12
<Content>Estupenda experiencia en NY   showReview(19388184, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Juviga
<Content>A 16 pasos de Times Square   showReview(18600193, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Der anlass der reise: new york...   showReview(17679378, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kiki27
<Content>Absolut zu empfehlen   showReview(17359129, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ptitedrey
<Content>tr猫s d茅cevant   showReview(17334316, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	4	1	4	3	3	

<Author>guada_car
<Content>Fantastico   showReview(16946326, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellente situation   showReview(16612890, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bibiParma
<Content>super favoloso   showReview(16268386, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LaurentJennifer
<Content>En un mot, MERVEILLEUX   showReview(15829665, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>fredXIII
<Content>Hotel charmant   showReview(15450545, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stedepi
<Content>eccellente location, buon rapporto qualit脿-prezzo   showReview(12849479, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	5	

<Author>bernao
<Content>Una perla nascosta a Times Square   showReview(11968873, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chenutjpaul
<Content>Nul - Affreux   showReview(8680603, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	2	

<Author>TOSCANE
<Content>exellent!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!       Divers 1  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ondasdomardevigo
<Content>Un ambiente realmente acogedor   showReview(7327096, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

