<Author>gloriachris
<Content>Good hotel but watch for hidden costs This was our 2nd hotel on our Round the World tour. It is a modern hotel, looks quite smart and well situated near Fishermans Wharf in San Fran. Initially we were well pleased but once we settled in we became aware of one or two problems which people need to be aware of.Firstly the hotel claim to offer tea and coffee making facilities. True, they do offer it but you have to pay 10 dollars each time you use the facility as you can only use their coffee packets etc. Once made up you have to drink it or it becomes strong and horrid so it is an expensive mug of coffee. Also, the dining room is quite nice but dreadfully noisy particularly on match nights as it becomes packed with people watching the games. There is no other facility to eat other than room service. One would have thought a hotel this size could have offered a place to have a peaceful dinner.The internet service offered was the most expensive of all the hotels costing us almost 30 dollars a day. Ouch! The Holiday Inn across the road from us was advertising free internet access. If only we had known we could have saved a lot of money.We were given a room which had an adjoining door. Beware if they give you one. Our next door guests decided to put the T.V. on and make noisy phone calls at 4am. Sleep was impossible. When I complained the hotel staff offered us another room but as we only had one night left if didnt seem worth moving all our gear so we stayed put. Big mistake! There was a repeat performance.Finally, we checked out by using the hotel T.V. check out which promised to e mail the receipt. We couldn't open the receipt on our laptop and despite the fact that I e mailed and told the hotel this we never received a reply so to this day we don't know the full details of our account. Not good!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>3	2	2	4	4	4	3	2	

<Author>JSORR
<Content>Thanksgiving Getaway The Hotel was a great pick. It is located in the heart of Fisherman's Whart area. Close to cable car and piers. Hotel has been recently renovated and it was extremely clean. The accommodations, conciege and service was excellent. We spent 5 days and 4 nights in this very comfortable hotel.We would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SydneyBigRed
<Content>good location       room 1  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>DJFresh
<Content>Close to good stuff Close to bus, train, wharf, bike rental etc鈥?. I am one of the few that hates San Francisco; bums, stench, cold, crowded, who needs it, but if I have to stay (or in this case if someone else is paying) I will suffer through it for an Irish coffee at the Buena Vista, which is walking distance from this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>flierman
<Content>Good location and quality       Double room Hyatt  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	3	2	

<Author>socialbuzz
<Content>Hotel is so so       Hyatt in SF  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	4	2	3	1	

<Author>MarkYoung
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Holiday I always check Tripadvisor for help in choosing the right hotel, and you certainly didn't let me down with this one..!!Just come back from one of the best holidays in US. San Francisco is a lovely city with lots to do and see. This hotel is well situated for Fishermans Wharf, a couple of blocks away from all the attractions, Alcatraz ferry, cable cars etc, but on a fairly quiet road. Staff were brilliant and friendly. We got a Kingsize bed in a good size room with a nice shower! Shops are handy, and hotel had laundry facilities if needed. Another review recommended the Hollywood Cafe opposite and I would do the same - we ate breakfast there every morning and cannot fault the food or the service - although we didn't try the hotel restaurant (Knuckles) we heard/saw some poor reviews and the Hollywood served up great food.Cable cars are very close - the Hyde line goes from outside the Argonaut Hotel and gets very crowded.....go to the Mason line at the back of the Hyatt and there are no / little queues that we experienced.Only let down was the shuttle service recommended by Expedia (Supershuttle) - where the driver could not speak english and took two hours to find our hotel after nearly killing us on more than one occasion......other than that I would highly recommend SF and the Hyatt at Fishermans Wharf.Mark Young (London)  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>HippyTraveller
<Content>Great Place for the Wharf Probably the most comfortable bed i have slept in, despite jet lag we slept like logs, staff very friendly and accommodating, concierge service excellent, very close to Fisherman's wharf which wqas exactly waht we expected, touristy, quirky and a bit tacky, but so what you're on Holiday. Taking advice from others we breakfasted at the Hollywood cafe, it was a lot smaller than I anticipated but the service was excellent and the breakfast was the benchmark for all others on our trip, it was never bettered. On eof our party suffering with jet-lag turned up at 6-45 am and was told We don't open until 7-00 but come in and have a coffee while you wait!! The imtationtram tour bus just round the corner is recommended , knowledgable and entertaining guide anda good value trip.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MGinLALA
<Content>Good hotel, but it's in Fisherman's Wharf Unlike most of the hotels on North Point, the Hyatt retains some character from the original buildilngs. I found the staff to be very friendly and helpful, although I noticed one party leaving the walk-in restaurant after about five minutes and not being served. I was eating in there at the time and my experience was fine. Our room was a little larger than average and the outside wall was completely windowed (looking on to the pool area). The furnishings were modern and mostly shades of dark brown. Despite having a large flat screen TV, the picture quality was terrible. The hotel seems to have been recently refurbished, but the bathroom and light fixings looked as if they'd seen better days. The shower looked modern, with the water coming from a nozzle in the ceiling, but wasn't that fantastic in practice. The bed was huge, but the mattress could probably do with being replaced. On the plus side the room was quiet, clean and well furnished, the coffee machine was a boon and being by the pool area was very convenient. I guess it's par for the course to charge for everything in the room in that sort of area, including internet and bottled water, but there are guest laundry facilities (if you're so inclined). This was my first time to SF, and on reflection would not recommend Fisherman's Wharf to friends thinking of staying in the city - it's tacky, very touristy and disappointing. I intend to go back to the city and stay at the Embarcadero Hyatt on Market - a more interesting part of town and far easier to reach from SFO on the BART.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	2	4	3	-1	2	

<Author>Vickyjo
<Content>Excellent but not 100% service We stayed here in April 2008 Myself, Mum, Grandma and we all loved it. The location is a great place for exploring around the Wharf area and it's easy enough to get to the city centre. The room was tastefully decorated as was the bathroom and the tea, coffee, toiletries etc was all great quailty. It felt luxurious, something from a magazine and the staff were all lovely. So the problem? Someone had obviously wet the bed and it reaked where it had warmed up!! I felt disgusted that I'd slept in it (without realising untill I woke up) , even my PJs smelled; sooo gross. We spoke to head of housekeeping who apologised and said she'd adjust our bill. I know that this isn't the hotels fault but I don't understand how it wasn't noticed when preparing the room or if they did notice and hoped we wouldn't. Also the bill adjustment was half off the room price, considering that room was now unrentable, I had to get my stuff washed etc and we spent so much on parking and internet access with the hotel (not real luxuries IMO) that it didn't affect the overall bill that much I鈥檇 have liked better compensation. Just for how disgusting and inconvenient it was. Perhaps because we didn't push the complaint hard, we tried to be understanding but express that it wasn't good enough.I know this won't happen to many people but I deducted 1/5 for the fact that I wasn鈥檛 100% happy that it was allowed to happen in the first place and that the compensation for it could have been better.Overall it's a freat location and hotel and I don't think they are used to any complaints! If you can get a deal don't even question it, go here, but if you do have an issue be firm.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	3	5	2	3	

<Author>lrwltn
<Content>Great Location...amazing hotel! The Hyatt at Fisherman's Wharf was amazing. The beds are comfy, the rooms are clean and very quiet. We stayed for 5 days and didn't want to be eating out the entire time so we requested a refridgerator and went to safeway (just a couple blocks away) to buy some groceries to save on a few breakfast meals and snacks. During our stay we went to see Beach Blanket Babylon, it's a hilarious play and we'd recommend it to anyone. Overall, we had a great time in San Fran and loved our hotel.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wendy-brian
<Content>Lovely Hotel We stayed at the Hyatt Fishermans Wharf in Sep/Oct 2008we found the hotel to be very nice in a fantastic location, the rooms were very clean with beds and pillows very soft just what you need after a day sightseeing. We ate once at the hotel restrurant but felt that we were ripped off a bit, the buffet was about $18 and the fruit was tinned not what we expected so didn't go back again. The staff are all very friendly and greet you every time that they see you. There is a gym and a swimming pool but can't comment on them as we never had chance to use them. We would recommend this hotel to anybody that is thinking of going to San Fransisco, and would go back to this hotel againif we were in the area  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LovesMexicoLancPa
<Content>Close to Perfect Hotel! Cleanliness and Friendliness must be their mission and they excel in both. The location is great. Rooms are spacious, amenities are good, but more than that - every single person on staff greets you - smiles and makes you feel welcome, of course, we felt that throughout San Francisco. They appreciate and understand the value of tourism dollars. Didn't eat at the restaurant - too many choices close by and didn't want something ordinary. Love the fact that the fitness room is open 24 hours unlike most hotels who experience the 6am rush and then there is not enough machines for everyone. Wouldn't even think of trying another hotel after such a nice experience.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>realsimple999
<Content>Loved the Hyatt! My husband and I travelled to California last May and our 2-night stay at the Hyatt was a highlight of our trip. The hotel is centrally located on the Fisherman`s Wharf and close to sights and restaurants. The hotel is very modern and both the rooms and the lobby were renovated recently boutique-style.Would certainly go back to that hotel.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GAVANC
<Content>Excellent, Contemporary Rooms in a Great Location for Visitors This was our first visit to San Francisco. I looked at hotels in various locations in San Francisco. Fisherman's Wharf gets slammed as being a place that locals avoid. However, we were very glad that we chose Fisherman's Wharf as our base since it is so convenient to all types of transportation, is quiet at night and is less congested than other parts of San Francisco. The hotel is very clean and contemporary. Every Hyatt staff member that we encountered was pleasant and, if needed, helpful. The maid service was first-rate. I really liked the updated, contemporary furnishings in the rooms --- very clean with a large bathroom. We fell in love with their beds. The pillows and mattress are a piece of heaven after a long day. and the best of any hotel that I've stayed in, including The Ritz Carlton. Overall, we were not impressed with Knuckles, the Hyatt's sports bar  restaurant. We ate there three times - twice for dinner and once for breakfast. The french fries were really great, but everything else was just okay or terrible. I'm a huge fan of Corn  Crab Chowder, but I was underwhelmed with their take on the dish. The breakfast buffet doesn't have a large selection and is very overpriced. You're better off going to one of the cafes across the street.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>n2snoopy
<Content>Great Hotel       Entry and Check in  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AuldReckie
<Content>Hyatt, Fisherman's Wharf Simply Perfect. My wife and I stayed 5 nights end August / start Sept. and had a great time. The service was top class throughout the hotel and the concierge knowledgeable and most helpful. The room we requested was exactly what we got, quiet and on the top floor. The bed was the most comfortable bed we have slept in, the room was a good size, and the bathroom was just fine. No bath, but we tend to shower anyway. Everywhere was spotlessly clean. We used the Sport bar on two occasions and found the food good but perhaps a little pricey, but no more so that any other hotel of this class. Only negative side was the cost to use the Internet. A service some hotel chains offer free.We took the advice from our fellow tripadvisors and avoided the Sport bar for breakfast, choosing to cross the street and eat at the Hollywood Cafe, best breakfast we had all holiday.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jcd016
<Content>Very Nice Room in Good Location       Hyatt - Fishermans Wharf  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>traveler55117
<Content>Nice Hotel, Great Location        TV  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GetOuttaTownNY
<Content>Great for what we wanted I was there with two sons, 14 and 6. Our 2 essential criteria for our SF hotel were a pool and a great location. The Hyatt has both. After 3 days in SF, I asked my 6 yr old what he liked best about SF. His immediate response, the hot tub. Having a pool is really a huge plus for my kids, otherwise I would have booked a nice BB. Our other 'must' was excellent location for sightseeing, not shopping. Hyatt hits a home run there, too. Right near Fisherman's Wharf and lots of public transportation. The location was superb.The hotel was very nice in all regards, although there was not a free breakfast. Usually we ate at the Hollywood Cafe across the street - not cheap but large portions so you could share, and the food was excellent and fresh. The Hyatt concierge was pretty helpful. We could have booked excursions through the hotel before we got there, but I think it was better that we did it separately (also, before we arrived - that was very helpful). I don't think the hotel's recommendations were that great. Use TripAdvisor to find the best things to do and the best tour operators.We ate in the hotel's restaurant, Knuckles, one night. Nothing to write home about. There's a new Thai restaurant (something Moon? Pearl?) just a block closer to Fisherman's Wharf, decor was like a cafeteria but the food was very good and relatively a bargain. SF ain't cheap! Two nights we ate at an Italian restaurant two blocks to the right as you exit the hotel, on the same side of the street. It was quite good, not cheap but won't kill you.The Holiday Inn Express across the street looked a bit cheesy compared to the Hyatt, but it's actually rated a bit higher, sounds like it has free breakfast and I think it has a pool, too. If you don't care about staying in a fancy-looking hotel, I'd book whichever one gives you the better rate. All in all, a generic but professional hotel with key attributes of location and a pool - definitely a pleasant stay.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Junglejody
<Content>A nice location for "playing tourist" Long Wknd 4nt stay Fri-Tue, booked thru travel agent and got a good rate. Smooth check-in, very nice welcome. Our room was on 2nd floor and overlooked an interior courtyard - so very quiet. The room was spacious and the beds were fantastic! Lots of pillows - high quality. The a/c was an older system and a bit loud coming on/off. Bathroom could use towel rails and fan and the new sinks really didn't have the best drainage. Loved the citrus-lavender toiletries. Also appreciated the single cup Starbucks coffee in-room. We didn't use the internet service. Reception people and porters were extremely pleasant and accommodating - always welcoming back from our day and asking if they could help us plan our morning. We consulted the concierge one evening and found this man a tad short and unaccommodating - not at all representative of the majority of staff. We ate at Knuckles one evening; average sports bar - nothing to write home about. The hotel was a great location for our wknd. It was far enough away from the main tourist route and smell of the wharf area. There is a great cafe across the street Hollywood Cafe for bkfst. Super Sightseeing is also on the corner - excellent. On the other side of the hotel, Cost Plus World Market, where one can buy cheap wine, cheese and take back to your room. We would stay here again for easy location, nice staff and wonderful beds!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>tenaflymom
<Content>Excellent Hotel in great location       flat screen tv / desk  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>albertafamily
<Content>Nice Hotel We stayed at this hotel for three days after spending the previous three days at the Tuscan Inn(also reviewed). This hotel has nice big rooms,large bathrooms and modern amenities.The front desk staff were very nice upon checkin and allowed us our room at 11:00am after checking out of the Tuscan Inn.The cleaning staff did a great job and were always friendly. Knuckle's sports Bar has a nice atmosphere but the food is overpriced with small portions.The Hotel is two blocks from the waterfront,the cable cars are one block behind and the #10 bus to ATT ballpark is one block down right beside the Tuscan Inn.The Hyatt is the next block down from the Best Western Tuscan Inn with the Hilton and Marriot just down the street and the Holiday Inn Express right across the street,so lots of hotel options in the area. The Hyatt room rates are a little more than some of the other hotels mentioned but I think it was worth the price as this was a very clean comfortable hotel.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>lmdallas
<Content>Very nice stay. We stayed four nights recently at the Fisherman's wharf Hyatt. Very nice room with large bathroom. Seemed quite clean. Pool wasn't large and was a bit crowded, but nice. Very good exercise/fitness facility. Great location. Several small breakfast places right across the street and within walking distance to cable car stop and street car/bus lines. Hotel staff very helpful with directions and help with public transportation. Would stay again.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>pernoski
<Content>nice.... room was very nice but the internet was $10 a day then it didnt work??? they didnt charge us for it 'geez...thanks?... but then I had to use the business center in the lobby and they charge $6.95 for 15 minutes?? parking was a joke at $39 a night!! No mini bar just had 2 bottles of water that were $5 each?? first time I have ever had to pay for water!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>californiamom
<Content>great hotel, strange shower, great location modern hotel with weird bathroom sink. we had no bathtub, only a shower which i thought was extremely strange. also the shower has no door - weird. the showerhead rains on you. because there is no door on the shower, you never get warm while you are taking a shower. if you have little kids, ask for a room with a tub. not sure if they have any. the location is a plus. two blocks from fisherman's wharf and right next to the area where the cable cars are. right across the street was a holiday inn express also. knockers restaurant good food, but hollywood cafe for lunch and breakfast is right across the street and more reasonable. august in san francisco is cold, cold, cold. you will need a jacket (warm), gloves, scarf, etc. don't show up with flip flops, tank tops and shorts because you will freeze your begeezers off! we left a very warm l.a. but made sure we took our coats out of our suitcases before we left the airport. once out of our taxi we were FREEZING!!! a lot of stores sold warm jackets for $19.99 that say san francisco on them. we saw a LOT of people in these jackets. luckily we've been to san fran many times and pack accordingly. (we're from southern california). we thought our room had a lot of street noise - after all, you're in the city. we turned on the fan on the air conditioner. the noise from that enabled us to sleep soundly. comfortable bed. we did the duck tour which was fun. make sure you get to pier 39. go to the end of it to see the hundreds of sea lions - absolutely adorable and it's completely free. had a great time and will return as usual.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dippyhippy
<Content>Loved San Fran. Booked room nine months before stay with an agent. Requested a two queen bed room and a rollaway bed for two parents and two teenage daughters. At check in, was given a king bed room, for four people!!!, because our agent didn't specify two queen beds, although the booking specified four people!! They said they were fully booked and this was the only room available.Apparently though, this worked to our advantage because the hotel has a two bed to a room policy. This meant that if we had a two queen bed room, we could not have had a rollaway bed, but a king bed room comes with a sleeper/ couch which isn't classified as a bed so we got a rollaway bed as well. We stayed in seven hotels in total during our vacation in California but this was by far the most comfortable.BUT..... the room we were given was a disabled room which meant that we didn't have a bath tub, but a walk-in shower room. The problem was that the shower head was set at a height of about 5' 5'' and my husband is 5' 11'' . Also the shower has an area of about 2' x 4' of a tiled floor sloping towards the drain separated from the rest of the bathroom by a curtain. The rest of the room slopes away fom the shower area, therefore any water which escapes the shower area floods the bathroom!!!!!! This happened every time we used the shower no matter how careful we were.The room had a view of part of the hotel roof and other rooms, but we weren't in there much so not a big deal.We can highly recommend the Hollywood Cafe opposite the Hotel entrance for breakfast.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>AFT888
<Content>Perfect location for a tourist I just returned from a week long stay at the Hyatt Fisherman's Wharf. First and foremost, it's a great location, but a bit on the steep side for the amenities. I chose not to spend the $10 a day usage for the internet. On the upside, it's literally two block sfrom the Wharf and a short walk from Ghiradelli Square to Pier 39, the main shopping/tourist spots. The cable car stop is behind the hotel. I was traveling with my elderly mother and my two sons and sharing a room was not an issue in terms of space. The rooms were comfortable, bedding was fluffy, but if you're looking for a firm bed, that's not what you will get. Surprisingly, there is no mini bar (or fridge) in the room, and there is no fan in the bathroom either The rate we got via AAA was better than the internet rates, plus AAA rate got us free buffet full breakfast each morning (eggs, fresh fruit, bacon/sausage, banana bread, etc), which is a huge savings. We chose the hotel for their outdoor hotel, but who knew that SF weather in late July would be so cool (it's like Maine weather so a bit cool for the pool when we stayed here). Downside is they only have one concierge on duty at a time, so the wait to get any information about tours or maps can take forever, and if the younger of the two is on duty, i wouldn't even bother asking him restaurant recommendations or suggested tours or routes. He wasn't very helpful and didn't seem to enjoy his role as concierge. The older gentleman was wonderful and extremely helpful and informative. The Radisson and Holiday Inn were close by as well, and are less expensive, if you don't want to spend the $270 a night at the Hyatt.TIP: Best place for dim sum is New Asia on Pacific Street in Chinatown, it's authentic and delicious. All the local Chinese eat there..(Yang Sink is the one the concierge and everyone seemed to recommend, but it's in a corporate office building, and it's really tailored to non-chinese tourists, and although a nicer setter and delcious food, is very expensive for dim sum). We had the same dishes at New Asia for less than half the price of Yang Sink...and it was better!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Frank012
<Content>Average hotel We stayed at the Hyatt Fisherman's Warf during our San Francisco sightseeing trip. The location of the hotel was perfect, just around the corner of the warf. The hotel had an outstanding service when we arrived with our car and the check-in went more than smoothly. We needed some help with the booking for our Alcatraz tickets and we asked the concierge for some help. He took immediately care of it. Don't use the concierge service for dinner suggestions because they have really no idea! The rooms have a nice bathroom and they are clean! The size was perfect. We also visit there StayFit Fitness Center. It was a poor room without any daylight and a low ceiling. Breakfast buffet was simple but with a good quality. On our 3rd day 2 busses with teenagers arrived in the hotel. We couldn't believe that this was possible in such a hotel. On our last night they started (it was past midnight) to scream from window to window and running from room to room. I have called the reception and they received already a lot of complains. During check-out they apologized again and they deduct 1 night from the bill. Overall a nice hotel but we expect more for US$ 249.- ex taxes per night.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Onie13
<Content>Great Location, Nice Stay       Bathroom  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>SmilesOshkosh_Wi
<Content>Very nice. Very nice hotel. Friendly. Clean. Very close to many tourist attractions. We could walk to most places we wanted to see.Breakfast buffet at Knuckles restaraunt was very good. Would stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>northwest1
<Content>busy busy Stayed at the Hyatt for two nights in July, got a great deal directly with the Hotel with parking and breakfast inclusive.We arrived slightly early but were handled really well by the door/parking/bell boy staff and by reception, although we stood in line to check in and our room wasn't ready we did not have long to wait and we were given discount vouchers for drinks and food at the sports bar, a nice touch we thought.The room was fine, spacious and spotless, the only complaint we had was we felt the sports bar let down the Hotel, we thought it was dirty/gruby, stained seats and carpets and a little basic which is not in keeping with the rest of the Hotel, I have to say though that at peak breakfast time it was extremely busy, the staff coped very well and waiting time was minimal, food was only ok.The pool and gym we felt were very token features, quite small and compact.Finally I would advise anyone taking a car to book the parking inclusive rate as parking is a major issue in the city and the hotel parking staff were very good.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>wrldtrvellr
<Content>Great stay at the Hyatt at Fisherman's Wharf Our family of 3 spent 3 evenings at the Hyatt while visiting San Francisco for pleasure, during mid-July. We stayed in a 1 BR suite, which offered a separate bedroom and generously sized living room featuring a large plasma TV and pull-out couch. The hotel is decorated in minimalist, contemporary style (so be sure that this is to your liking), but is still comfortable. The housekeeping services were thorough and the room was always in tip-top condition after it was serviced mid-day. The location allows a quick 5 minute walk to the Fisherman's Wharf area, and about 10 mins to Pier 39. The historic Trolley is immediately behind the hotel, offering quick access to Nob Hill, Chinatown and other areas of the city. Our only complaints would be that the elevators are frequently crowded, causing long waits to go only 2-3 floors. Stairs are not accessible but would alleviate some of the waiting guests in the lobby area. As well, street noice is a problem if your room is at the front of the hotel. We got used to the noise from buses, motorcycles, etc after a while (which seemed to calm down after 10pm or so), but if you are sensitive to noise then make sure that you request a room at the back of the hotel or facing the interior courtyard pool.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>iLLKillYou
<Content>Overpriced, Overated, Just OK I travelled with my Wife and 6 month old daughter. We booked a King Room trhough Priceline and thougt we got an amazing deal. We arrived at the Hotel at around 11PM pm on a Thursday night. The check in took longer than ususal even though there was no one in front of me. The staff showed no sense of urgency even thought my baby was crying after a 12 hour journey to San Fran. When we finally did get the room, after an extremely long walk throught the crazy long hallway, we were impressed with the moderness of it. However, after inspecting it further, we hated it. The window was facing the bright lights of a 24 hour gas station and did not even have black out blinds to keep the light from coming in. Secondly, there was no bathtub and the sink was shallow - no bath for the baby? The shower did not have a covering so the water would splash out to the floor. Also, there was no shower head as the water come out from the ceiling right above your head - straight down. Since it was late, we decided to deal with it in the morning. MY wife went down the next morning. We were told that all King Room were the same - only shower. Our only choice was getting a double bed room since all the Suites were spoken for. After debating this over with the wife, we reluctantly agreed. The guy did give us breakfast vouchers for our entire stay but the breakfast sucked!!! We ate their twice in spririt of saving money. The place across the street, Hollywood Cafe had an excellent breakfast.The double room ended up being better for the family situation and we were pretty comfortable for the rest of the trip. Staff was firendly - great location if you like the wharf stuff which we hated. What's the big deal with San Fran anyways. The shopping was good but we found the food not so good. I don't know what the fuss is all aboat but I'll never go their at my expense again.Been there, Done that, will hopefully never do that again. I definately didn't leave my heart in San Fran.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>SportsgalDenver
<Content>Outstanding service! Excellent location. Staff was wonderful--allowed me to leave my rental car there after I checked out so I wouldn't have to find parking elsewhere. When I checked in, the room they were going to give me had two beds--I asked for one with just a king bed. No problem. Location is great. Area seems safe for a big city. Hotel bar had good food, late. Very quiet. Room overlooked 3rd floor pool, but never heard any noise from there. The drapes completely blocked out any light, allowing me to sleep in. Reasonable price for a Hyatt in a big city with a good location.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TrueNorth70
<Content>Very nice hotel in a superb location We stayed 6 nights in this hotel and found it to be a perfect place. The staff were friendly and very helpful (concierge gave us great directions, suggestions for things to do/see, and assisted us with a car rental). Because we were staying for a while, we were given a complementary bar fridge which was great to keep drinks and snacks fresh  cold (there's a supermarket just a short walk away), so this was a great cost savings  totally convenient for those late-night cravings. Moreover, because we reserved on the hotel site using our AAA membership, we were given a great rate, as well we were given complementary buffet breakfast for two every morning were were there (approx. value $18/day X 2 = $36/day) . Totally recommend this hotel to travellers wishing to be in the heart of the Fisherman's Wharf area!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>happydaysManchester
<Content>Great Hotel, fab location We stayed here for 5 nights in June, everything about the hotel is great, the location, staff and rooms etc. We had no problems with anything!!All I can say is please stay here and enjoy!!We booked via Expedia and got a good discount - the rates were much cheaper than booking with the hotel direct.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ricandlorie
<Content>Loved the Hyatt! Had a wonderful experience at the Hyatt Fisherman's Wharf. The hotel was conveniently located and within walking distance to many things. The rooms were very modern and very clean. The beds were awesome, great quality sheets and lots of fluffy pillows. Pool and hot tub area were great for the teens we were traveling with. Hotel staff was helpful. The hotel restaurant was a little pricey, but very good. We had a free breakfast plan and the buffet was great. Our server Digna was the BEST! I would definitely stay at this hotel again!!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>fl09
<Content>loved the hyatt I stayed at the Hyatt Fishermans Wharf for four nights. It was an excellent hotel.The pool was on the third floor which was nice and private.Our room was fantastic and there was a really nice restaurant at the entrance.I will certainly be coming back.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>x5pilot
<Content>Good hotel - if you're persisent Arrived Thursday evening 29th May at about 4pm on a flight from Europe, so we were very jet lagged and quite tired - we requested a quiet room away from the hussle and bustle of the other guests and were told that would be no problem but the had no king sized beds available. We said ok but as we'd be staying several nights could we change the following day - we were told sure no problem.Got to the the room - it was next to elevator on the secound floor!! Immediatly I called down and got us another room on top floor in a quieter part of the building - why couldnt smiling Steve at the desk do that first instead of lying to us that it was a quiet room?!Next day we reuested a king size room and got one on a quieter level - all in all a good hotel IF you get over the staffs sparkling smiles and BS at checkin.Sports bar was better that expected and food was very good. Valet parking very expensive at $40 per night.A good spot for tourists that want to be close to Fishermans Wharf and is right beside the start for the tramline into the citys main shopping areas.Nice clean rooms and what has to be one of the BESTgym systems in a hotel I've used.One more thing, the queen sized beds are a joke - Im 6'3 and not exactly small but even my wife at 5'6 struggled to get a decent nights sleep!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	3	4	

<Author>golfcrzy
<Content>Great Location ! This is a very clean modern Hotel. Walking distance to Fisherman's wharf and cable cars. The rooms are very nice, great shower  beds. I would have to say the only thing that stinks is the $39 car park fee per day. Oh well that's a big city !  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wadawg
<Content>Less art more function I just got back from a two day stay at the Fisherman's Wharf Hyatt and while the hotel is in a great location and the staff was extreamly friendly there were issues with the rooms, mostly the bathroom. Here's a idea, bathrooms are a tool for your stay they need to provide a function and when it's over designed for visual appeal it looses the function. A two inch deep sink does one thing... it splashes water, most of it on you. As for the shower it has a recessed shower head in the ceiling, I am 5 10 and can adjust it my friend is 5 5 and she had to get on her tip toes ,someone who is 5 3 or shorter better bring there tooth brush into the shower and poke at it if they want to adjust it. It is also in front of the of the shower handles and the shower door does not slide. This means you have to turn the water on standing under it for a nice blast of cold water until you can dive out of the way or until it's warm enough to get back under. Some other things might help this hotel get the 4 or 5 rating the would like and that is don't let the city or whoever position a giant dumpster in front of your hotel. Not only is it a eye sore it's very loud when items are thrown into it. There are a lot of places on that street that are not occupied 24/7 and how about a mini bar?? I know when I booked the room it didn't have one and it didn't bother me from my computor... It did bother me when I wanted a drink when I got to my room.Overall the rooms were very clean, the staff very nice and the location is great, some small changes and the hotel would be great also. Until then it's just a little above average.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Cheeseheads
<Content>Good Hotel, Nice Location Our family of four stayed at this hotel over Memorial Day weekend. Overall we enjoyed our visit. The hotel was well located - very close to the cable car line and within a few blocks of Fisherman鈥檚 Wharf. Be bought 3 day Muni passes which gave us unlimited use of the cable cars, street cars, and city buses. For $18 each, we thought that was a bargain.The rooms were large enough, clean, and appeared to be newly remodeled. The kids loved the big screen TV and I-Home. However, they were disappointed that they did not have a DVD player in the room (or even any to loan out for use). After a long day of touring San Francisco, it would have been nice to relax with a movie that everyone could see (we brought some movies but had to watch them on the laptop). The beds were nice and comfortable. Even though there were big parties going on at the hotel, our room was quiet. We also were able to use the pool and hot tub one day, which is a treat for an urban location.The service at the hotel was friendly. The concierge was helpful with directions, but not so useful when it came to things like restaurant recommendations. When we asked her for breakfast options, she really pushed the hotel restaurant. However, after walking around, we found plenty of choices nearby.We crammed as much as touring as possible into our long weekend 鈥?the Golden Gate Bridge, Alcatraz, Chinatown, Hait Street, Lombard, the farmer鈥檚 market at the Ferry Building, Nob Hill, Union Square, and of course Fisherman鈥檚 Wharf. Here is a list of some of the family friendly restaurants we enjoyed鈥?Hollywood Caf茅 鈥?across from hotel 鈥?very good, reasonable breakfast but cash onlyPat鈥檚 Caf茅 鈥?behind the hotel 鈥?delicious breakfastMcCormick  Kuletos in Ghirardelli square 鈥?excellent happy hour with full entreesFour Seas 鈥?Chinatown 鈥?Dim SumCalzones 鈥?Little Italy 鈥?yummy calzones  MojitosFrytes 鈥?French fries with all sorts of dipping sauces make a great snackBurgermeister 鈥?one of the better cheese steaks we鈥檝e hadGhirardelli soda fountain for ice cream, of course鈥?As with other Hyatt properties, the biggest complaint is the absence of the little things, such as coffee in the lobby and free internet. With a few extras that probably don鈥檛 cost much, Hyatt could turn a good stay into an excellent one.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>DobieLover
<Content>Excellent location !! Loved it My Daughter and I stayed here on a recent trip and it was exceptional. Friendly staff, bartenders (Thanks Clayton), and clean, clean rooms.The hotel is centrally located and within walking distance to most attractions. The public transportation is easy and near by.For breakfast, check out the Hollywood Cafe across the street. Excellent service. We ate there everyday.You can't go wrong with this hotel.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>smoofinator
<Content>Wonderful Experience I recently returned from a stay at the Hyatt in Fisherman's Wharf. I work in the Hotel/Resort industry and have a very particular eye when staying at other hotels, and the Hyatt was wonderful! The staff were helpful, friendly, and knowledgeable. The Concierge booked our trip to Alcatraz very quickly, with no hassle at all. Our bartender, Clayton, fixed us the most delicious (and strong) Mai Tai's all night one night during our stay. He also told us about a wonderful restaurant called Sardini's on Columbus Ave. It was the best Italian food I've had in years! The rooms were modern and decorated very nicely. Loved the bedding, and the shampoo/conditioner/soap in the room (Lavender citrus). My one and only complaint is that the hot tub closes at 9pm. We got home from dinner and wanted to take a dip because San Fran can get very chilly, but it was already closed. The courtyard where the hot tub is located is surrounded by hotel rooms so they probably can't keep it open late because they don't want to disturb these guests, understandably. We had a wonderful Mother/Daughter vacation at the Hyatt, and please tell Clayton we said THANKS for the Mai Tai's and for telling us about Sardini's!  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Kimberly167
<Content>Romantic Weekend I can't say enough good about this hotel. The location was perfect you could walk to so many attractions, restaurants, bars, shops, etc... The staff was amazing! The room was spectacular (King Suite). I loved this place!!The bed was extremely comfortable as was the rest of the room. And all the windows - it was so beautiful!I would recommend it to any and everyone!!  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pjack68
<Content>Good value, great location and brill rooms       Cable car turntable viewed from room  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lush1510
<Content>Fantastic! We stayed here for 3 nights at the start of our holiday. Very impressed with the service from start to finish. Staff were all very friendly and incredibly helpful. We had an executive king room. The room was beautiful, very luxurious and huge! Bathroom was gorgeous, although I could have done with a door or some way to completely close in the shower because it got a bit chilly! That said I couldn't fault anything, there was everything we could need and more. I was very impressed to find laundry facilities for guest use, which may not be useful to everyone, but for people like us travelling to a few different places and travelling light it was helpful to say the least. On our last day we hired a car for the next leg of our trip and needed to go back to the hotel with the car to collect our belongings. The valet let us leave the car at the front entrance, free of charge, until we had brought the stuff down. This was great, and to me showed me what I was paying the extra money for. Location was fab, we were within walking distance of Fisherman's Wharf, both Cable Car turnarounds, Lombard St and a short ride to downtown. All in all, FAB FAB FAB! I would definitely recommend it. My only other gripe would be breakfast. It wasn't included in our rate, but there were plenty of places to eat near the hotel so it wasn't too big an issue!  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kb_inAZ
<Content>Great hotel in great location! Me and my boyfriend literally just got back from our trip to SF and we stayed at the Hyatt. We booked through Hotwire and lucked out, got a great price and the hotel was amazing. Modern decor, very clean, the bed was so comfortable. I would definitely recommend this hotel and stay there again. 2 blocks from Fishermans wharf and not too far from everything else.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tayl449
<Content>Lovely hotel in a great location We stayed in the Hyatt for 3 nights at the start of a 2 wk tour of California. We arrived in the afternoon after a very long flight and were pleasantly surprised at the hotel.It looks like it has recently been renovated so both rooms were fresh and clean. The bathroom was huge with lots of space for moving around. We always found the staff to be extremely friendly and they were always willing to help with any of our questions.We ate in Knuckles for breakfast twice and had dinner there once it was expensive but really convenient, particularly for breakfast in the morning.The hotel was in a great location and I'm glad that we picked Fishermans Wharf as we did consider Union Square. I found the Union Square area pretty grotty and there were lots of homeless people bothering the tourists for money/food. In Fishermans Wharf we were able to walk around freely without being hassled once and this included at night. Fishermans Wharf is a lovely area to stay in and I would definitely recommend the Hyatt.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>suez23
<Content>Avoid The Sports Bar ! We stayed in an oversized corner room which was great. Lots of space, nice large bathroom, comfortable. Only downside to room was the noise of the raod and a little cold wind through the windows.The hotel was clean and the lobby was nice, reception staff all helpful.The downside: the conceirge was less than helpful when we tried ot arrange a ball game -she tried to get us tickets via an agent and gave us misleading information about the game being booked out and only realy expensive tickets available through an agent. Luckily we ignored her advise and went to the game to buy tickets at the gate for a 1/4 of the cost she qouted..hmmm makes you wonder.The knucles bar was dire..breakfast was ok, although service not that great. In the evening it was like something out of one flew over the cuckoos nest.. young under age looking locals, a huge mess everywhere of monkey nut shells and empties..no where comfy to sit for a relaxing drink and chat..not what you would expect from a 4 * hotel, in fact this really let the whole place down- if you are from the uk..think travel inn with pub attached ! Shame as the rooms were nice, gym was good and pool was great !  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Spoonire
<Content>Great Hotel, but thin walls Stayed at HFW for a conference late last month. Overall this is a great hotel and I highly recommend it. The property was immaculate, well designed and very well maintained and service was excellent. Every staff member I encountered was very friendly. The close proximity of the hotel to the Fisherman's Wharf also makes the hotel's location very appealing (but, in fairness, there are lots of other hotels in that area also). My only crticism of the hotel is that the walls between guest rooms are very thin. I could clearly hear the conversation of the two women in the room adjacent to mine. Next to cleanliness and scent (i.e. no smoke odors, which unfortunately I often encounter even in non-smoking rooms) my second biggest peeve are paper thin walls; which unfortunately this hotel has. Otherwise though, a very nice hotel.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bczernecki
<Content>Perfect for disabled ppl Located only about 5 minutes from fisherman's wharf (sealions) and another 5-10 minutes from the cable car that takes you into the heart of the city.the hotel itself seems a bit old (ventilation was very noisy in the room and not built-in) but the staff is very helpful and the rooms are great. we were 3 ppl (me, my dad and my sister who's in a wheelchair) and they gave us a room with a king-size bed and an extra bed for the third person to stay on. when it comes to the bathroom, i have to say that it was just perfect! really spacy so the wheelchair could move around without problems and the shower perfectly adapted to ppl who have to sit while showering.only disadvantage: in the back of the hotel, there's a carpet floor which makes it hard for the person in the wheelchair to move without assistance.the service was great, the staff was superfriendly and helpful and when i'm going there this september, i'm staying at this hotel again. already booked the room...  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ashdown28
<Content>Good hotel  We stayed here for 5 nights, we are a family with two young children and asked for a room with two large beds which we got, the room was very nice, the breakfast was ok but very expensive so each day we ate breakfast at Holywood cafe straight across the road which was the best breakfast we have ever had anywhere and at half the price of the hotel, its very popular so expect to wait for a table as its only small but its worth the wait!The hotel is well run, clean and in an great location to walk to all atractions, even with a 4  6 year old, the cable cars are a must, pier 39 good and entertaining, avoid China town which is run down and we could not find a good restaurant, sure there are some but after 1 hour walking we just went into the biggest which was less then average and we had to wait 30 mins for a table.If you get chance go to the Jelly belly factory tour about 45 mins drive away, its free and you also get free samples!Take a boat ride across the bay, we ate at a restaurant called yankee pier 1 night which was very nice.All in all a very nice stay  would stay again at this hotelAAA ++++  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>BigTex23
<Content>Great Place to Stay! Stayed here for one night last week...it's a great hotel in a great location. Only two blocks from fisherman's wharf...easy walking distance to major piers, ghiradelli Square, and the cable car stop is directly behind the hotel. The staff was friendly and helpful, rooms were very nice...recently renovated with flat screen tv, great bed, luxurious bathroom and jacuzzi tub in our room. Booked a package price on Hyatt.com web site that included one night parking ($39) and breakfast buffet for two in attached sports bar that was wonderful ($35).... Had great clam chowder on fisherman's wharf....the best happy hour deal ever at McCormick and Kobeto's about six blocks away from 3-6pm M-F. Had 3 appetizers and two drinks for less than twenty bucks and the food was great!  We'll be staying at this hotel again!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JaneEMorgan
<Content>Don't stay here if you don't light compact fluorescent lights! I arrived late that evening and was upgraded to the presidential suite because there were no other rooms. I was particularly excited because the hotel had recently been renovated and the lobby was gorgeous. It was a very nice blend of traditional and contemporary decor in light cream/beige tones. The presidential suite had also been renovated, but was done so in very dark, masculine colors (burgundy, black, and greys). It was definitely a guy's hangout, not a place that most women would want to be. To be fair, it was well appointed, with a sitting area, powder room, a lounge area (all ready for a poker game) with a very large screen TV, separate bedroom with another Samsung flatscreen, a dressing area, and bathroom with whirlpool. The hair products were excellent. Room service breakfast came quickly and was very good, although the allegedly fresh-squeezed juice was not. Excellent service all around. My chief complaint? Every light had compact fluorescent bulbs in them. I know they are environmentally friendly, but the light they give off is absolutely depressing, particularly with a cold and stark modern decor. It just did not make for a very warm, pleasant environment. . I may start bringing my own lighbulbs (just a few) on trips from now on. . . .  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chap4
<Content>Newly Renovated and Well Run We were there for a conference. It appeared newly renovated. Everything was in excellent condition. Our room was large, nicely decorated, and in tip top shape. Almost everyone was very nice and non-pushy. The valets outside were helpful with directions and information. Check-in was pleasant. Our only minor objection was a concierge who was not helpful and acted as if she was getting paid to push a particular restaurant. We didn't eat at their restaurants so we can't comment on that. In summary, we would stay again.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>DrCro
<Content>Loved the Hyatt at the Wharf We loved this hotel. Staff was extremely pleasant and accomodating. The restaurant/bar was exceptional. The location was great. My only objection is the price of parking. I felt $40 per day plus tax is gouging but maybe that's just the way it is in San Francisco downtown.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CSRE
<Content>Just OK for us this is a nice big hotel (very Hyatt) in a good location very close to Fisherman's wharf. Buffet breakfast was good and staff was helpful (although they now have these automatic self check inn/out kiosks and you barely speak to anybody). Still there are plenty of cheaper hotel around that offer a great service as well, so, if you're not planning to stay at your room for too long i wouldn't recommend this hotel, in my opinion its pretty overpriced and they charge extra for everything (internet, water, etc.). Smaller and cheaper hotel give the same for free and cost a third of Hyatt's price, its not about being cheap, cause i do think that service and comfort must be paid for, it just that i don't feel this hotel is so much better than the other ones to justify its price.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	3	2	

<Author>callstuz
<Content>Nice Stay We recently spent 6 nights at the Hyatt at Fisherman's Wharf. As several reviewers have pointed out, the hotel has undergone a renovation. We found the rooms to be clean, decent in size, and the beds very comfortable. We requested a refrigerator and a rollaway which they were happy to supply at no cost. A wireless connection is $9.98 per day. The staff was very friendly. A nice bonus was the washer/dryer on the floor. The Hyatt has a nice sports bar called Knuckles which has a pool table and shuffle board. The menu has burgers, sandwiches, salads, as well as some nicer main course entrees. The prices are not cheap, but on par with a typical hotel restaurant.There are several hotels in the Wharf area from nearly every low to mid-tier chain. If you want to stay close to the Pier and Alcatraz (especially with young children) and get decent value, this area is for you and the Hyatt will acheive your objective. If you want to get a real feel for San Francisco, I'd probably stay in the Union Square area or maybe Nob Hill.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>scootercus
<Content>Enjoyed the stay The second time we have stayed here this time of year. The lobby has been remodeled this past year. The location is great with the wharf a couple blocks away. The rooms are clean and nicely appointed. If your looking for lodging in this neighborhood, consider this location.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>dannycarlucci
<Content>Nice Hotel I recently stayed at the Hyatt at Fisherman's Wharf. The hotel has recently been renovated and the room are very nice. Blues and browns with modern wood furniture. The bed was comfortable. The lobby was nice, but unimpressive. The hotel also has an outdoor pool and hot tub, but I did not get to use the facilities as it was too cold.The hotel's location is in the center of Fisherman's Wharf and convenient to the cable cars and other transportation to the business district of San Francisco. There is a supermarket and a drug store a block away from the hotel.The staff at the hotel was very nice. The front desk staff was very pleasant and welcoming. The bellmen were helpful, arranging transportation for me to a business meeting outside of the city. The hotel has a sports bar/restaurant - Knuckles. It is said to be a historical location. The food was good (although not great_ and the service was very good. Generally, its burgers, sandwiches, and the like, although there are some higher-end offerings.All in all, if you are looking for a nice hotel in the Wharf area of San Francisco, I would recommend this hotel. It is much nicer than other hotels that I have stayed at in the Wharf area. The only caveat I will mention is that the Wharf is very touristy and reminds me of being at the Jersey Shore (which I quite enjoy also). If you are looking for a more upscale area, stay in Nob Hill.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>cheldoyle
<Content>too expensive to eat After travelling around the west coast of United States as a group of eight i would have to say i was very disappointed with the food that was attached to the hyatt hotel. Room service was the most expensive we had experienced throughout America. We had 3 burgers and three cokes and the room service bill was over US$80.00 .If anyone is staying there i recommend the little cafes across the street(food was quite good). Hotel was fine but a long walk to the elevators from your room and a bit of a rabbit warren.xx AUSSIE TRAVELLERS.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>FedMom
<Content>Great Hotel, Good Price! We went to this hotel for a couple days after Christmas for a little family getaway. As background, my husband and I are 30 and we traveled with our 1 year old daughter. This hotel was great - for kids or for people traveling without. The rooms looked newly remodeled and were very sleek, modern, and clean. They were as spacious as you can get - we didn't feel too cramped, even with a crib and all the gear that goes along with traveling with a baby. Great location - about 2 blocks from the main part of the Wharf. We liked that because it was easy to get to everything, yet far enough away it was quiet. There is a great breakfast place right across the street called 'Hollywood Cafe' - we had our best breakfast there of the trip - and you never would guess it just by looking at it.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>Piocaesare
<Content>Too many issues We stayed at the Hyatt at Fisherman's Wharf for 2 days and 2 nights. We rented a 2-bedroom suite and the accomodations were nice. Assuming the service at the hotel had been average, this would likely be a 4-star review.However, service was poor.1) Called front desk three times over a 1 hour period for a key to one of the bedrooms. No luck, I finally had to walk down and get it myself.2) Hot breakfast served cold (I mean not remotely warm, truly cold).3) Wireless internet is $9.95/day and it cuts out about once every 20 minutes.4) Our bags were stored when we checked in as our room was not ready. When it came time to pick up our bags, the staff could not find one of them in the storage room. They looked for a few minutes and said it was not there. I asked if I could help. I went in and found it in about 5 seconds.There are four or five other things I could list but I think I've made my point. Just too many missteps for a stay that was less than 48 hours long.The location (near the wharf) is ideal and, for the most part, the staff is friendly and tries to be helpful. The rates are reasonable as well.This hotel has the potential to be a good hotel however they need to make numerous changes before I recommend anyone stay there.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>ATM55
<Content>Great hotel and Good location Enjoyed my stay at the Hyatt @ Fisherman Wharf! I was worried because of reviews in the past but overall it was great. After doing allot of walking its nice to come back to a very comfortable bed! Very friendly staff. Hotel will accommodate you with a mini fridge if needed. location is great. Trolleys are right behind the hotel and will take you straight to shopping District. There are convenient places near the hotel like Denny's - Starbucks- CVS Store-. I will definitely be back because of its location!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LittleBrownDoggy
<Content>Nice Hotel but..... Stayed here for 2 nights. Overall I would say that this a nice hotel. Not elaborate, and certainly not a dump. Definitely was clean, the room was near spotless. The issues that I had may not be an issue to everyone, but there is no restaurant that offers breakfast. You either have to order room service (at no bargain) or leave the hotel to go have a sit down breakfast (which we did by going down the street to the Best Western-Tuscan INN..very nice too). There is a sportsbar type restaurant on site, but we did not eat there so I can not comment on it. The other issue I had was the $39 valet parking. I can understand the need to charge for over night parking, and see that a lot of hotels are going to this. However $39 to park a car is boarder line taking advantage. Yes, it's nice to pull up to within a couple of feet of the front door and have your car parked, but the lack of parking in the area leaves you no choice but to pay the piper. However, with that said, if I was to stay in this area again I would stay at the Hyatt and bite my tongue about the fee, and continue to walk down the street for breakfast. I'll take the cleanliness and comfort and deal with these minor issues.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ssh224
<Content>Great hotel - excellent location This hotel is in a prime location - a few blocks from Ghirardelli Square and Fisherman's Wharf. The beds are SO comfortable! If you prefer a quiet room (like we did), ask for a room facing the courtyard. This hotel is also one block down from the street car, trolley lines and bus lines. You can purchase an all-day pass for $11 to ride these unlimited - note: this is not valid for BART. Two blocks down there is a Walgreen's - great place to stock up on bottled water (since the hotel wants $5 per bottle) or juice and light snacks. The vending machines are far with the long, maze-like halls and hard to get to on all floors - they are in a locked room and lacking in choices. Parking is expensive - $39 per day valet. There's a parking garage two blocks up on Beach Street (imparking) for $20 per day with no in/out privileges. If you use the offsite parking, be sure not to leave anything in your car. There's also a bread factory you can tour about three blocks away called Boudin. They have a full restaurant and an eatery. We were so cold after walking the Pier and stopped in for a bread bowl with soup - what a treat! Highly recommend!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>reachdp
<Content>Modern Renovation       Guestroom  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Albuquerque_NMGeezer
<Content>Nice Hotel Stayed for six nights over Thanksgiving.Room  bath were large  pleasant. Staff was great, helpful  friendly. Cable car was located right outside hotel (Buy a Muni pass-we got 7-day for $24.00 which covered cable cars, street cars, buses and Muni subways-not BART). A cable car ride alone is $5.00. All is not perfect. The layout is a little like a maze though you will eventually learn the way to your room. The elevators are a little ridiculous, the stairs would be much quicker and easier but they open outside  alarm. The restaurant is overpriced but all hotel restaurants are. There are so many good ones in San Francisco that we really didn't care. Fishermans Warf is really an uninteresting tourist trap but the MUNI system gave us easy access to the entire city.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>flagstaff2007
<Content>excellent stay at the Hyatt the hotel was very clean, newly renovated, well- furnished and quiet. The great location was convenient to the Wharf, Ghiardelli square and the marina with multiple places to access city transportation making a car optional. in addition, the staff was friendly. the onsite workout facility was excellent. in general, we were quite pleased with our stay. initially, it was tough to choose a hotel in such a large city that would be right for a family of five. this hotel was great.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GazPerth
<Content>Very happy Almost didnt stay here because of the inconsistent reports on the hotel, but was glad we did. Contrary to some travellers we really liked the upgrade done on the hotel and found it to be modern, fresh, light and very attractive. Its also in a great location if you particularly want to stay at Fishermans Wharf, with the cable car right by behind the hotel. Stayed in a Deluxe Room which we would recommend because of the extra space, the fact its on the top floor and therefore quiet, plus the reasonably good views from the room. There is no doubt that its a little expensive and the parking fees are a rip off, but everywhere of similar quality had similar costs. So we were really very happy with our selection, very comfortable tstaying here and would definately stay again.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jamsop
<Content>Highly Recommended Stayed 4 nights at this hotel. Location perfect walking distance for Fishermans Wharf but far enough away for quiet nights. Large, clean, spacious room overlooking the pool. Staff very frendly and helpful. Buffet breakfast included in hotel room deal, very good variety. Would definately pick this hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SeattleSarah
<Content>Nice, but has a few issues First problem: We didn't get the room I'd reserved, even though I'd booked it 2 months in advance and we checked in around 5:00. I tried to use Hyatt's Gold Passport early check-in several times during the day of arrival, but was unable to secure a room. Instead of a larger, deluxe corner room we were given a very tiny standard room. At least they didn't charge us the original price!Second problem: The noise! Our room was on the 4th floor overlooking a busy street and the traffic, car alarms, loud talking and yelling after the bar closed and delivery and garbage trucks in the early morning kept us awake for most of the night, every night. If you can, request one of those no-view courtyard rooms.Third problem: The bathroom. Beautifully designed, no doubt, but not very functional. The sink is so shallow that you can't wash your face without splashing all over the counter top. The shower head, which is mounted in the ceiling, was impossible to turn on without drenching half of your body in ice cold water. There's no tub and I'd have enjoyed a good soak after being out in the rain all day. Speaking of water, one morning the hotel seemed to have run out of hot water. Also, the lighting was very dim and there was no make-up mirror.The good things: An extremely comfortable bed, a great location, friendly and helpful valet guys and a big TV. It was newly renovated, very clean and the maid service was great. The walls seem thick -- we never heard anybody on either side of us, or in the corridor. A good friend has just moved to San Francisco and hopefully we will visit often, but I think I'll try another hotel.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Megtraveler
<Content>Very nice hotel, but a few hints to make it better This was my second stay at the Hyatt and overall I was very pleased with everything. The service and friendliness of the staff was outstanding. As others have noted, the location is excellent with easy access to Fishermans Wharf. A couple of hints to make a stay even better: Many of the hotel rooms face small inner court areas with absolutely no views. The rooms are just fine, but if you want to enjoy views of the San Francisco hills try to get a room that overlooks the city. The hotel features Knuckle's sports bar, which has good food and a bunch of screens to view sports. However, don't even try to get into the place during major sporting events as the place fills up with avid sports fans. Otherwise, a very nice spot for a beer and OK food.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>dkr1971
<Content>Great Stay My wife and I stayed at the Hyatt for 3 nights. The hotel is nice, and the location is perfect. Its close enough to walk down to Fisherman's Wharf in about 5 minutes. It is a few blocks away from the crowds, which is nice because the hotel is quiet at night.We booked the aquarium package, which included the breakfast buffet each morning, and tickets to the aquarium at the wharf. I though the breakfast was very good, with lots of variety. My only complaint was the bathroom. It was large, but did not have a tub, shower only. The shower was just like the showers we have seen in Europe, the enclosure only covers the shower area to the midpoint, so water splashed out all over the floor. The large flat screen TV was a plus, and the King bed was very comfy. Overall I can't complain, and would stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LocustPoint
<Content>Very Nice Hotel Recently my wife and I stayed at the Hyatt for 4 nights. The hotel was very nice with exzcellent service . The hotel staff could not do enough for you. The sports bar has decent food and is a great place to watch a sporting event.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>WasDS
<Content>Great Stay, outstanding Concierge I knew my stay would be a good one from the beginning. I called the Concierge desperately looking for a restaurant I had been to many years ago and she said it had closed, I wanted to find the Chef there and no one had track of him for a while. I left my phone number and she called me 20 min later and told me where he was. I have been trying to research for several months and got no answers. This lady has pull! She got us into the most difficult restaurants in the city (Gary Danko in a SNAP!). She definetly went above and beyond for us and we thought it is worth mentioning. The rooms are great, modern, comfortable. The plasma TV was great too! The hotel was very quiet and pleasant as well.Our overall feeling of this place was really good, friendly staff and they all seemed really happy there. We will definetly ome back to the Hyatt Fisherman's Wharf in 2008.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>hlbetzy
<Content>Not Impressed Stayed here for a business conference in October. Location is great and a great base for the San Fran sightseer. We found expensive rooms lacking of amenities like microwave and refridgerator. Safe did not work and did not latch. Staff was friendly but would recommend staying across the street at the Holiday Inn Express for a much better value and room.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	2	-1	

<Author>TravelerBlues
<Content>Nice stay Stayed at the Hyatt Fisherman's Wharf for 2 nights in January 2007. The room was newly remodeled and bed was extremely comfortable. Flat screen TV in the room was a nice touch. This hotel can be a little pricey but is in a good location close to Fisherman's Wharf. I booked with the AAA rate so it wasn't too expensive for a weekend. The shower was a little weird since the water came down from the ceiling and there wasn't much water pressure. I was a little disappointed that the fitness center was in the process of being remodeled so I was not able to take advantage of the facilities. Overall, it was a nice stay and would definitely consider staying there again on my next trip to San Francisco.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>44AML
<Content>Perfect Hotel I have no complaints. The rooms were very clean. Nice decor, comfortable beds. Fun sports bar/restaurant. We had a package which included parking and breakfast. The breakfast buffet was excellent. The location was the best. Close to both of the cable car stops, Pier 39, You can ride on any and all public transportation all day when you purchase their pass (approx. $11.00 per day). Cheaper then cabs and alot of fun. Alcatraz by Night was a great tour. Coit Tower, great views. Bring comfortable shoes. Loved San Francisco and our stay at the Hyatt.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>CASTELMAR1
<Content>EXCELLENT ACCOMODATION, SERVICE AND LOCATION After a very attentive and long survey, we have chosen this Hotel because it has been recently renovated in 2006, and the price was acceptable for the standard offered. We stayed 4 nights in the first days of October 2007 in this Hotel. At ounce we were gratified by a nice welcome : 2 different rooms were proposed to be visited at 11.30 a.m. (far before the regular check-in time),and we finally turned the key of a quiet courtyard overlooking room, very large and comfortable, nicely modern fashion-type decorated. Everything was perfect, including a very comfortable bed with silky sheets, and a large and very convenient bath room. We enjoyed the generous and tasty well-served breakfast. But the four star issue is definitevely the Hyatt's Customer Service : all the staff is very professionnal, efficient and always smiling when taking into account your slightiest desires.A special mention is to be dedicated to the Concierge, who gave us a great choice of personalized information service which was highly relevant in enriching all our stay in San Francisco (concerning public transport, restaurants, places of interest, kind of different shopping areas, local uses, etc...). This young Lady Concierge was even able to persevere in brilliantly solving a complex problem of furniture-bought shipping to Europe. Last but not the least, the hotel location is perfect : in a quiet area, but very close to cable cars lines, street cars terminal, bus stops, and rental car agencies. A great thank you to all Hyatt staff : you were a major issue when enjoying our fascinating stay in SF ! Next year we shall return, but no need for a boring survey: we know perfectly where to go (and return)!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>hollyfairy
<Content>Disappointing This was our 2nd hotel in San Francisco and once again - disappointing (especially as all the other accomodation on our Californian/Nevada trip was far better and cheaper). I requested a pool view or courtyard room on a lower floor as I do not use elevators. I clearly stated this in my request. We got a room overlooking a roof on the 4th floor and I was told at first that I could not use the stairs as they were for staff only. Eventually, they agreed to let me use the stairs but only if I was accompanied by a member of staff - another tip - no way! The location was good but there were other hotels in the same area which were cheaper. I chose the Hyatt via TA and based on its reputation but think I would stay elsewhere next time and save some money.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>okiefrommuskogee
<Content>Superb Hyatt My family and I (wife and two teenage children) stayed at the Hyatt in early August 2007. Front desk, accommodation, room service, cleaning, were all top class. 'Knuckles' is a superb sports bar/restaurant where service is good and the reasonably priced food is terrific. The multiplicity of screens show sports as diverse as Gaelic Football, Soccer, Basketball, American Football and Baseball.The hotel is located within 10 minutes' walking distance of the Wharf's Pier 39 in a very secure area.The Hyatt is a superbly run hotel and we would highly recommend it as the perfect base for a trip to beautiful San Francisco.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>hpytrvlr_7
<Content>Very nice hotel, GREAT location Enjoyable stay in SF. Hyatt was lovely and the location can't be beat. Very close to the Pier 39 and Ghiradelli, convenient to public transportation (there is a cable car turn around behind the hotel!) The room was comfortable and clean. Very nice beds with lots of pillows, greatly appreciated after a long day walking. We had a room on the inside so our view was only of the roof, but at least it was quiet that way. A few complaints though (unfortunately). 1. There were only fluorescent lights in the room. Hate hate hate, fluorescent lights. While I'm all for going green and conserving energy, would it really be too much of an imposition to put an incandescent somewhere in the room?!? 2. Knuckles, the hotel restaraunt/sports bar. Food, good. Service so-so. Price, way too much. Both times we ate there we waited quite a while to be served. And I realize that in a hotel restaraunt you pay for convenience but what I paid for breakfast was outrageous (over $50 for 2 people). I paid as much for my one glass of milk as I could have bought 2 gallons worth had I gone down to the Safeway a few blocks away. Overpriced as it was though, if you're willing to pay the price I'd highly recommend their sticky-bun french toast.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>travelbbPa
<Content>Clean and Convenient The service was slightly less than what I expected from Hyatt but the room was a comfortable size, quiet, and clean. We had reserved an oversized room, but upon checking in they only had one over-sized King room available and it's wall of windows looked right out at the whirlpool/spa of the courtyard. Not only could you see all the pool activity from the comfort of your own bed, but you could hear the pump and those enjoying the tub. We decided to down-grade to a standard sized King room on the fifth floor overlooking the courtyard and found it to be adequately sized and very quiet. The bed was super-comfortable and the room was clean as well. We booked a special rate that included full breakfast at the restaurant in the lobby. Good thing - since the menu was a bit pricey given what you got. The service: the experience with staff on duty ranged from rude to not being knowledgeable enough to be helpful, especially the concierge (the two that we interacted with) and the majority of the frontdesk staff. When you pay $300 plus a night (including parking and taxes), I would expect patience and helpfulness at the very least from staff. Great location - close to everything and easy access to 101 and 280 for quick jaunts to the nearby sites.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>stacyNYCNY
<Content>Average hotel, overpriced for a 3.5 star hotel, won't stay in it again I ordered a business rate room because of the two things: it's on the highest floors and the breakfast was included in the price. To my disappointment the highest floor was the 5th floor and the breakfast only included coffee, juice and pastry. Everything else on the menu I was supposed to pay for. The room was small, the linens were ok, the bathroom floor was dirty, the sink drain was clotted. The thermostat wasn't working properly so I woke up in a 85 degree heat when in fact I always set it up for 68 degrees. The same thing was happening 2 nights in a row. So that I just shut it off and opened the window.Overall I found the hotel was overpriced for the quality of services it provided. I wouldn't stay in it during my next trip to SF.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Sullivanstravels
<Content>great hotel and location We booked as a walk in and got a great rate at $249 for 2 Doubles. Hotel has a very comtempory/luxurious feel. Our room was very nice (a bit on the small side for 4 people) but would be great if 2 people took the same room. The location is great for Fisherman's Wharf and catching the tram to other locations. The staff were very professional and helpful. Only mishap was that one of the reception staff blocked our credit card through swiping it when the system had asked to call for verification.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>Juan_Cafe
<Content>So close to Wharf, but quiet Enjoyed the hotel, nice big room, lovely beds, very quiet (courtyard room), big TV, but no minibar. Ice maker and self service laundry available close by, pool and gym also good. Just set back from Fishermans Wharf it was the ideal location, and easy to get to city centre by bus or cable car. Fresh coffee every day to make in the room. Lovely breakfast bars just over the road - quicker and cheaper than the hotel.Didn't enjoy the cost of using the hotel phone at about $10/min - should have used my mobile! Also didn't enjoy the business centre PC for internet access - very expensive and poor. Money exchange rates at front desk - avoid at all cost.Overall a good hotel, which was comfortable, quiet and well located. No noise from neighbouring rooms at any time. Just watch out for and avoid the extras.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>thevacationmom
<Content>Perfect location for families with kids ages 7-12 Our family of 5 (my husband, 3 boys, and I) just spent 4 nights at the Hyatt Fisherman's Wharf. If you are looking for a convenient location, clean, quiet room for a family -- this was great. We had 2 cable car stops within less than a 5 minute walk. We used them to go to Union Square, Lombard Street, Chinatown and the Cable Car Museum. We could walk to Ghiradelli Square, the Cannery, the Wharf, and Pier 39. We also could walk to our rental car pickup (Enterprise) and the F line (street car) easily. We used the F to get to the pier for the Alcatraz cruise and to go to the Ferry Building/Farmer's Market . We were able to take a city bus to the Marina easily. We also used the bus to go to Golden Gate Park (although it was a bit of a haul). We were only a block away from the firetruck tour -- which by the way, was the absolute best part of the trip!! I can't recommend it enough! My main point is that the Hyatt at the Wharf's location is great for families who are heading to San Francisco to sightsee. We debated as to whether we should stay in the Union Square or the Wharf area. The Wharf is definitely the way to go for sightseeing families with kids. The rooms were clean and the hotel was quiet. We did use the pool twice, but briefly -- it was chilly. The pool really shouldn't be a factor when choosing a hotel in San Francisco. There is so much to see and do. We got the Rise and Shine rate which included a full breakfast buffet (very nice) voucher for 2 people each morning. We actually used 4 of the vouchers for 2 of the mornings and paid the extra $9 for one child. That way we didn't feel obligated for all of us to eat there every morning. While the breakfast buffet was great, the dinner at the hotel restaurant was not the best -- and they charged for refills of the kids' lemonades. We had friends stay at the Argonaut at the same time. They said it was nice and it was only a block or two from us, so they had the same convenient location. I would probably try the Argonaut if I went again. Not because there was anything bad about the Hyatt -- we had no problems whatsoever. I just think the Argonaut looked a little bit nicer from the outside.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>molthemackem
<Content>great hotel. superb location BUT We booked the Hyatt at Fishermans Wharf following trip advisor reviews. We arrived from out of the country at 1am in the morning for three nights with a confirmed booking. We were informed at reception that no rooms were available. I explained that we had a confirmed booking and showed the confirmation. Eventually, after me losing it , we were offered a lounge with a single roll away in it. we eventually got two beds, both short and uncomfortable with no choice of alternative hotels. We were marooned. We learned later in the stay we should have been walked to another HYATT hotel. We were never offered this choice . The night staff were particularly unhelpful and could not care less.The situation however was corrected the next morning , after five hours uncomfortable rest, by the duty manager who unlike his night staff was excellent. Would we use the Hyatt here again ? For comfort, appointment of rooms, the excellent bar man, RICK , and the restaurant along with the location..Definitely yes. But with caution. CHECK YOU HAVE CONIRMED ROOMS BEFORE you arrive and that they are available for you. We never recieved an explanation as to who had OUR booked room.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>baileyman
<Content>3rd time at this hotel! We really like this hotel. The location is fantastic, the quality of the hotel is great - rooms great, bed great, breakfast buffet great and we find the service that the staff provide is really excellent. We always book a court yard, over sized room as there are 3 of us, including 1 teenager so the huge room is a bonus and being courtyard view these rooms are exceptionally quiet - no street noise, pool noise and we have never heard a peep from neighbors. Also have self serve laundry facilities is a huge bonus. Only 1 downside this time, the hotel has changed their decor for the most part to an utlra modern style - I really preferred the older, tradtional style - oh well.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hawkeye68
<Content>Convenient This hotel was convenient to the Wharf, 2 block walk and you are there. In what seemed to be a safe area to walk. Hotel parking is really expensive. The beds were very comfortable. Quite possibly the most comfortable hotel bed I've ever slept in. The room was clean, a little bit on the small side, but not bad.Cable cars are 1 block away, and it's just a few blocks to catch the muni train.Knuckles restaurant next door had ok food for something relatively quick, however the waiter we had one night was horrible.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	4	5	

<Author>gumby74
<Content>Great Hotel, Loved the Bedding! Overall....it was a great experience. Hyatt did a great job remodeling the rooms and the beds were by far the most comfortable I have slept on in a hotel. The bedding was plush and very comfortable. The only problem we encountered was with someone from the front desk who didn't appear concerned with trying to work with us when we requested a room that was large enough to fit a roll out bed. As we were checking out I noticed that there was another couple who was having a hard time as well with the same front desk person. Everyone else was very nice and very helpful. One of the people who works at the concierge gave us wrong information regarding where to by trolley and bus passes. Honestly, some of the homeless were more helpful than this person was! Overall, we were very happy and would definitely go back!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>Melanie_2004
<Content>Great Hotel My husband and I stayed here for our honeymoon from the 11th - 18th June. We had booked via the website and asked for it to be noted that it was our honeymoon but even when we booked in we got a very basic room which was quite disappointing. However the staff were helpful, and the room, including the shower had been recently renovated. The Knuckles restaurant was great for breakfasts, the buffet was lovely. We had dinner there only the once and the restaurant was packed, took a while to be served and the food was ok, but there are so many other great restaurants in the area we weren't fussed. This hotel is in a great location, near Pier39, and a 5-10 mins walk from Ghiradelli's Square. All in all it was a wonderful start to our married life, just wish the staff could've been a bit more helpful/thoughtful when booking us in.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>IndianaTravelmom
<Content>good choice for tourists Stayed here with our 2 young children during a family vacation to San Francisco. Very sleek hotel that appears to have been recently renovated. The beds are incredibly comfortable! The rooms are spacious. Only negatives were restaurant sometimes had a wait for breakfast and the heated pool was nowhere near warm enough for outdoor swimming in typical San Francisco July weather. The immediate neighborhood was pretty blah but you are within easy walking distance of all the shops and restaurants at Pier 39 which we found very convenient for endof the day dining  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>goodwig
<Content>Better Than the Rest- Almost A native San Franciscan, I was revisiting for a family reunion and know the area well. I thoroughly researched the current hotel situation (since I was staying for 5 nights) in Fishermen's Wharf and decided on the Hyatt.Last year I stayed at the Argonaut, which is excellent and better-located, but more expensive and the best rooms are not always available.The Hyatt is a solid, well-built hotel and the best of thegenre in the Wharf. Beds are very comfortable and all rooms are modern, clean, and sizeable. If possible, try to get a corner room facing something other than the common interior courtyard, which is bland and colorless. The corner rooms are larger andconsiderably more desirable than the standard rooms. Even if you have to pay a few dollars more, the price is worth it.Since all hotels in the Wharf cannot exceed 5 stories, you are not going to find a hotel that really faces the Bay (except for the more expensive Argonaut rooms- so don't even try.All in all, as a seasoned traveler, the Hyatt satisfied my needs,and I am a very finicky customer !  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Harriol
<Content>A welcome retreat for throbbing feet We explored SF for four days and really appreciated this hotel's great location. Found the rooms clean and well-equipped, and the staff pleasent. We had two children with us, aged 9 and five, who both enjoyed the comfy beds, TV, swimming pool and adjoining jacuzzi. The breakfast buffet was good but the staff were stretched on the weekend, so service could have been better. Also, we were disappointed that room service finished at 10pm, just as the kids were settling and Mum and Dad wanted a beer! Saying that, we would certainly pick this particular Hyatt again.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>angelabanana
<Content>Hated the Bathroom! We just got back from a 1-week stay at the Hyatt at Fisherman's Wharf.....and I have mixed reviews. Staff:The hotel staff were ALL extremely friendly and helpful - very customer service orientated and each person we spoke to went out of their way to be polite and personable.Rooms:Our hotel room was....a little disappointing. Everything was nice and clean and comfortable, but the bathroom was awful! The doors didn't shut properly, there was no fan in the bathroom so it would get extremely fogged up. And the shower was.....fancy looking but not practical. At all.Knuckles:The bar/restaurant next door was great! I highly recommend visiting this establishment whether you stay at the Hyatt or not - excellent food and even better service: the bar staff were funny, friendly and very welcoming!Over all, I would recommend this hotel, but probably wouldn't stay there again and I was disappointed in the bathrooms!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	5	2	

<Author>carolanngo
<Content>Nice, but "nickle and dime" you This is probably the nicest hotel in the Fisherman's Wharf area. The renovations are lovely--rooms are nicely done. The staff members are friendly and helpful; we liked the included hot breakfast buffet--except--the servers forget to refill the coffee. Our only issue was the extra charges--wireless internet in the room was extra, parking was overpriced, and they even charged an extra $7.99 per 15 minutes to use their computers and printers. Considering the room rates, these amenities should be included.Overall, though, it was a pleasant stay.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>travelindoc2007
<Content>great location, lousy food great location, halfway between Ghiradeli Square and Pier 39. Had a king size bed which was nice, LCD sreen tv, even a docking station for your ipod. Towels were awfully thin for a five star hotel though! Our package included the bfast buffet at hotel restaurant--just ok. There was a storefront Breakfast cafe across the street that seemed to do a roaring business that might have been better (or the starbuck's behind the hotel). One night we were just too tired to go anywhere else for dinner so ate in the restaurant (Knuckles Sports Bar and Grill)---yuch. Ordered 3 appetizers: buffalo wings were ok, calamari was awful (couldn't chew it) and the artichoke dip was funny tasting. My watermelon margarita was very tasty but I was shocked at the $12 charge! We did voice our complaint and were offerred free appetizers for the next night although we didn't go back. With so many really great restaurants aroung fisherman's wharf, why bother?  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Lacunar
<Content>Above average I stayed at this hotel for three nights. The room was a bit small compared to most Hyatt's I've stayed at, but it was well decorated, and the bed was comfortable. The bathroom was decorated in a modern-style with the showerhead being located in the shower ceiling. The length of the shower stall was closer to that of a bathtub, and the door did not close. This caused a bit of water to splash out onto the bathroom floor, but it was a minimal amount. The door wasn't broken; it's just designed not to close. The reception staff in the lobby were very friendly, and they were more than happy to offer suggestions for local restaurants. The best thing about this hotel is the location. The wharf is a 5-minute walk, as are the trolley stops. Ghriadelli Square is about 15 minutes away, and Chinatown and Little Italy are a 25-30 minute walk. Overall, this is a nice hotel but not as nice as most Hyatt's. The prices are inflated due to its location, but you will be happy staying here.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>dwbrouwer
<Content>Great Location - Nice Remodel - Parking Expensive Had a delightful stay at the Hyatt Fisherman's Wharf. I already knew that the location of the hotel was excellent, but what was surprising was that amount of renovation work that had taken place in the hotel. The rooms have been completely redone and are decorated very nicely. Only thing that is a drawback is the television in the room. It is a little flat screen that looks absurd because it is so small. For 50 bucks more, they probably could have gotten a decent sized television. It appeared to be a 25 inch screen. The only downside to staying at this hotel is the parking. I know that it is expensive to park in San Francisco, but to pay 42 bucks a day . . . that's a bit extreme. If you are a guest, there should be a reasonable parking rate. That is like paying event parking prices in most major cities. Outrageous.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	3	5	

<Author>sojourneys
<Content>A world class, superbly appointed property       Gym  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dedun69
<Content>Stay at your own peril While this newly renovated is Asian inspired with all the fine lines it gave me the worst hotel experience ever. The room was okay and cold feeling just like the staff that works there. I guess no one reminded the managers and mostly front desk clerk that they work in the hospitality industry. Worst of all security at this hotel is nil so be very careful staying at this hotel as you will be putting property and may be even life in danger. I was robbed at this hotel right by the front desk. The hotel is prowling with thieves thinly disguised as couples. There is no security at this hotel. The security video is so bad at this hotel that if you are robbed the quality of the picture will not assist the authorities in apprehending the perpetrators, hence they will continue to operate until they are caught in the act. Except for Jorge the Porter who had a nice friendly smile, this hotel is as cold as the decor.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	5	4	2	2	2	

<Author>travel_mom_805
<Content>Great Stay Newly Refurbished about 6 months ago - beds are extremely comfy. Room is a litle small but served its purpose. Staff is extemely friendly and went overboard to make sure my 2 year old was comfortable. Called for towels at 2am and got them in 3 minutes! Location is great 2 blocks off Fisherman's Wharf - close enough to the action without being in the middle of it. Trader Joe's and Safeway are a block away for any necessities. Get the buffet breakfast included in your stay - great deal and delicious food. Knucles Sports Bar was perfect for lunch or late night snacks. Cable Car pickup only about a block away. Would recommend to all.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>NCstorm
<Content>great stay Hotel very convenient to Fisherman's Wharf, Pier 39, Alcatraz Cruise terminal and many restaurants. Booked hotel and parking plan and was pleased with room and valet parking. Security of parking lot was very good. Tour company booked through concierge was excellent and they picked us up right in front of hotel. Restaurant attached to hotel was good for quick meals. Room was clean and well appointed.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Grinchie
<Content>great location, quiet and nice hotel We really liked the location of this hotel 鈥?on North Point Street, near the activity of the marina but not right in the thick of it. It鈥檚 a very quiet hotel. We had neighbors, but I never heard them once. Nice heated pool and hot tub. The rooms are decorated in a blue and brown modern theme, which we liked very much but which wouldn鈥檛 appeal to everyone. Only a few downsides for us, one of which was the bathroom 鈥?it was beautiful, but the sliding doors didn鈥檛 close completely or lock, and the shower was only half enclosed, meaning that you鈥檙e in there and the back half of the shower was open. This led to water getting out and it being a little colder because the steam could escape. Also, the shower head was a 鈥渞ain鈥?type shower head from the ceiling. Very nice, except that you have to reach under it to turn the water on, so you got a cold blast to the head when you reach forward. And one other picky thing 鈥?the ice bucket is so tiny that we couldn鈥檛 have two cans of soda in the ice at the same time. So one of us had to drink it warm. I asked for a second can and they said sure, but it never turned up. I didn鈥檛 follow up. And finally, the internet access was awful. $10.00 for a day, and you have to connect through the television. The keyboard was awful, you had to POUND on the keys to get them to type anything and it was totally frustrating. I spent about an hour online to do what would take five minutes at home. And the reason we got the access was to check my husband鈥檚 work e-mail, which we couldn鈥檛 do anyway since it wasn鈥檛 a secure enough connection. And if you bring a laptop, you can鈥檛 use it for internet in the room anyway. We didn鈥檛 check out the sports bar because there were so many other great places to eat and drink nearby. But, for the main things 鈥?the location and the room, it was great. The bed was fantastic, as were the pillows, and the people were very nice. I鈥檇 stay here again for sure.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	3	1	

<Author>hrhdhd
<Content>A fine hotel, accommodating staff My husband and I stayed at the Hyatt for two nights--one pre-cruise and one post-cruise, so the stays were 10 nights apart. We enjoyed both nights, and would stay at this hotel again. Both times we arrived well before check-in but were immediately given a room by a friendly front-desk agent, and the rooms were well decorated and the beds were very comfortable. One niggling minor problem--bathroom doors don't have a latch (they slide together and meet in the middle). Hotel location was great--right in the middle of Fisherman's Wharf, not far from pier to catch cruise ship or ferry to Alcatraz, or alternatively walk in the other direction to Ghiradelli Square. We had hotel breakfast included in the rate for the first night, and it was certainly adequate. We chose the buffet, which had a nice selection. Second night we didn't have breakfast in the rate, so we walked across the street to a little cafe and ate well there, too. Highly recommend!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ducs
<Content>Great views!       Cable car turn-around right outside hotel  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GreatButty
<Content>Good, clean fine hotel Everything about this hotel is fine, though nothing stood out as being anything amazing. The location is perfect in Fisherman's Wharf, easy to get to everything, though the Wharf itself was a bit disappoiting, 3 days there was enough as it lacked any real depth. The Hotel room was modern, clean, a good size and new so no complaints about the room at all. The bar was ok, but nothing special at all and didn't really seem to fit with the hotel. The hotel staff were nice enough, but didn't exactly go out of their way to assist with anything when asked. Maybe it's the English accent :o)  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	3	-1	3	

<Author>purplerain
<Content>Good times This hotel is really good and very well located for sight seeing san francisco.It was near all the public transport to see the sights.The rooms are spacious,the beds are like sleeping on clouds more comfortable than my bed at home.I could not find any dirt and the rooms modern and tastefully decorated.The bathroom was good with good amenities.The shower was not as good as at home but it cleaned you.The hotel staff were all very friendly and most helpful.Knuckles bar and restaurant was great you could find locals in there.The staff were efficent and very friendly,we liked them all but Nancy was the best.The food choice was good and reasonably priced as well as the drinks.It was great with all the television screens expecially so when the golden state warriors played basketball.We have become fans and learnt the rules of the game.I recommend this hotel as you recieve good service and is well located clean and safe.If I came back to San francisco we would stay here again.  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>andrewsw
<Content>Had a really good stay Stayed here one night. Not a location I'd normally choose, but had a free night from Hyatt and it was the only Hyatt hotel I could get into in the Bay Area. The hotel ended up being sold out by the time I arrived, but I received the room type I requested. I asked for a quiet room and was told by the friendly front desk clerk that the hotel is a very quiet hotel. I've heard that story before, but it really was true. Normally I'd like a view, but as this hotel is only 5 stories high, most of the street-facing rooms look into hotels that are across the street. And the streets around the hotel are pretty busy with traffic, vehicular and pedestrian.My room was on the second floor overlooking a courtyard, which is just the roof of the hotel. It's pretty claustrophobic, but I just wanted a good night's sleep and I got one. Although the hotel was full, I didn't hear a sound all night. And my room was an adjoining room. The place is built like a bunker, and is incredibly well insulated. I got a newly remodeled room that was very stylish (something you'd see on Top Design when they designed hotel rooms) in a blue/brown motif. The only part of the room not redone was the old white bathroom tile surrounding the tub. That looked bad. The rest looked great. (I've stayed at the Grand Hyatt on Union Square in the past, but their rooms are in such dire need of a makeover, I'm trying to avoid the place until they spend some money making them look a little less like, well, 1987).My experience with all the employees was terrific... everyone was exceptionally courteous. Didn't have breakfast at the hotel, but there are many places to eat nearby. I got an Egg McMuffin and ate it sitting on a bench overlooking the bay. Highly recommend it.The only downside of my stay? Parking is a rip-off at $43 a night (including tax). Nearby lots charged at least $30 overnight, but you do get valet service at the hotel. Had to wait about 25 minutes for my car when I checked out, but the valets were really working hard to fetch cars (everyone was leaving at the same time), so it wasn't their fault. All in all, a surprisingly good stay at a very nicely redone hotel (some public areas still sport the old decor, which is rather incongruous with the new design). I'm not sure I love the neighborhood (wildly tourist-y in a slighty seedy way) or would come back for another stay for that very reason, but it's an excellent choice if you want to be 3 blocks away from Fisherman's Wharf.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>blakebrown
<Content>Great Stay!!! I just got back from a stay here and have to say this was a great hotel. The staff was excellent. Very friendly and helpful and the location was perfect. Rooms were clean and decorated nicely. The only complaint is that the shower head is very low. I would definitely stay here again and again!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sbrumage
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location The Hyatt was a great hotel. The interior design was beautiful in the room and the staff was overly friendly and eager to help in any way that they could. The hotel is close to several great resturants and very close to cable car stops. I would stay here again without a second thought!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>cruzca
<Content>Excellent Service and Location We booked our room through [--] for $109 a night. The location of the Hyatt is tough to beat if your are looking for something near Fisherman's Wharf. We were easily able to walk to all of the shops at Fisherman's Wharf and Gharadelli Square. The rooms have been recently updated in a modern style (think black, white, grey color-scheme). The beds were very comfortable and our interior room was very quiet. We had neighbors on both sides and did not hear them. The service from the point we entered the hotel to the point we left was flawless. Excellent staffing and great overall service.The main downsides to the Hyatt are the parking costs (with tax it was $42 a night) and the view if you were looking for one. Most rooms either look over the road or the interior area (which is actually rooms looking at other rooms). Just be on notice that they are still doing some renovations to the hotel and while we were not disturbed by the work that is just something to be aware of -  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>South_Cave
<Content>Great Hotel San Francisco, Hyatt at Fisherman's Wharf. Date: 19 to 22 January 2007. This was the first stay of our 4 week long round the world holiday. We transfered from San Francisco Airport via the shuttle bus (as the Hyatt had suggested which was really easy) and were welcomed at the hotel with the porter taking the bags and with reception who had everything ready and explained the hotel facilities. The room was spacious and very comfortable with all modern fittings. - Just as we had hoped it would be. The hotel itself is well placed to see/visit the attractions and just within walking distance to the piers and harbour front and the cable car terminal is just at the rear of the hotel. The hotel restaurant is more of a brunch eatery but well serviced with a good menu. There are plenty of restaurants close to the hotel. The staff at the Hyatt were very friendly and helpful in every respect. The hotel lives up to its 3 star plus rating - I've stayed in worse 4 Star hotels. I'd certainly stay at the Hyatt again and can recommend it to anyone wishing to stay at San Francisco. - Great comfortable Hotel.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Spectrowax
<Content>Average experience Stayed at this Hyatt for two nights in January 2006. Rooms are updated with a retro modern decor in brown and light blue color scheme. Comfortable bedding but a dried spot of some unmentionable was seen on one of the cloth-covered headboards. Room 629.Booked it with the AAA rate and a code that included breakfast in the sports themed restaurant. This really made the stay. The breakfast buffet was the best I have seen at this type of hotel. Hotel is still finishing renovations. Concierge was very helpful. Walk and take public transportation, as parking is expensive.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	4	3	3	

<Author>Silkbutterfly222
<Content>Loved the location We stayed here January 26th-January 28th. Loved the room. Very modern and also loved the flat screen TV. Fishermans wharf is only about 10 minutes from the hotel. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The only con is that the toliet holder kept falling down and the noise outside was very loud. Other than that it was a great stay. I would definately recommend this to anyone.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rooeyred
<Content>Great,friendly,modern,clean  After reading some of the reviews of this hotel I think we must have stayed at a different Hyatt to these other people!We stayed for 5 days from the 2nd of January 2007 and found no problems with it at all.The room was spotless with contemporary decor and furnishings,wall mounted TV and newly upgraded,spacious shower room.The bed was big and comfy and the whole room was nice to chill out in after a hard day's sightseeing.There was a coffee machine in our room which was great and the complementary toiletries were good too.We found all the staff to be polite and helpful at all times.This hotel is in an excellent location if you want to do all the touristy stuff.I would definately stay here again,we thought it was great :)  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>KEITH TRAVEL AGENT
<Content>Great Hotel!! We stayed 3 nights at the hotel in the beginning of December. The rooms have all been refurbished, and our room on the 3rd floor was spacious and extremely clean. Flat screen tv and good bedding. Shame about the shower only, and no bath, but then again, we didn't go to San Francisco to stay in the bath!!The reception staff were very helpful and did everything to make our stay enjoyable. I would definately go back to the hotel. I beleive that it is the best in the Wharf area, as their are many hotels in the area that look tatty next to the Hyatt.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mikokittykat
<Content>Do not park at this hotel The hotel was nothing of what you would expect from a Hyatt. It was truly overpriced but the location was good. The parking was unbelievable. $28 a day, regardless if you put your car in at 11:59 pm at night the previous day and 8 in the morning the next day. I wasn't impressed.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>RichardLister
<Content>Nice Hotel 鈥?Unreliable booking system and VERY expensive parking!               
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rebeccawhipp
<Content>60s retro here we come Stayed here half-way through our honeymoon. Hadn鈥檛 pre-booked the hotel, just drove around Fisherman鈥檚 Wharf and this was the most reasonably priced hotel we could find. Great location in the city centre 鈥?just five minutes from Fisherman鈥檚 Wharf. Parking also available within the hotel grounds, but quite pricey as it was a valet service. Hotel d茅cor was contemporary 60s-esque but quite nice 鈥?very classy feeling! Convenient sports bar next door for eating/drinking locally, but also within stumbling distance of some very good bars 鈥?a few of which were Irish! Would definitely recommend staying here to others whilst visiting San Francisco.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>carlv247
<Content>Don't get stuck in the Hyatt FW Was encouraged by the positive reviews, the location and the description of the modern rooms . What I found was unhelpful and, aside from a few exceptions, uninterested front desk personnel, an indeed very modern but dirty room, and an ambiance that caters not to tourists but solely to the convention/conference crowd.Got a fourth floor room with a malfunctioning A/C. It took three calls to the front desk and seemingly endless waiting for an engineer to fix the electrical problem and a completely clogged filter to be cleaned. The room looked like it had not been used in a while. Dust, bar glasses not quite clean, you name it, it just didn't fit the Hyatt image. The windows opened though, and it was nice to get some fresh air while waiting for the engineer to show. TV (Samsung Flatpanel LCD) had lots of channels and very informative documentary on San Fran. Parking valet (when he was around) was very helpful and relatively quick.Breakfast was the worst I have had in a long time. Room rate ($259 a night) included full american breakfast and parking. You do the math, but if I can get fresh danishes at Safeway across the street (practically) why is it so hard for the Hyatt to deliver same to the breakfast buffet? No yoghurt, one kind of hot cereal in a utilitarian, aluminum heating (not serving) unit, one kind of juice (couldn't tell it was actually OJ, so I didn't bother tasting), three kinds of fruit cut up in large pieces in three separate serving trays next to the hot food so it actually looked like more than it was. The scrambled eggs were surprisingly fresh, but the bagels, muffins and danishes were at least a day old (no kidding). Would have had to pay full price for everything else on the menu but the Two Eggs Any Style (the most expensive item) and I didn't trust the kitchen enough to incur the additional expense, so the buffet was a no-brainer.The location, as others have mentioned, is pretty good. That's about all the Hyatt FW has going for it. I will definitely not be back.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	4	2	1	3	-1	

<Author>TravelGal415
<Content>Filthy, filthy, filthy! This hotel is the reason I stopped using priceline to book rooms. It was filthy! Dried urine on the floor in the bathroom, stained carpets, dust an inch thick on the bathroom lights, and mold in the shower. I travel frequently to SF and recommend staying away from this hotel. I wish I had my camera to show the filth. With all the other wonderful hotels in SF, I would stay away from this one!!! You couldn't pay me to stay there again. Oh, and as compensation for the dried urine on the floor, I was given a breakfast ticket for the following day. Priceline also gave me a credit for misrepresentation (it was supposed to be a 4 star hotel).  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	3	

<Author>guej
<Content>Great location, very nice hotel My husband and I, and 2 kids (4 and 7) stayed at the Hyatt Fisherman's Wharf from 8/23-8/26. We booked a room through HotWire for $139 a night. What a fantastic deal. On a map, it looks like certain hotels appear closer to certain attractions at Fisherman's Whart. This one looked like it could be a bit of a walk, but in reality, was in very close walking distance to everything we wanted to see, but was far enough that we didn't feel like we were on a very busy, noisy street. We arrived at the hotel from the airport at around 1:00. Even though check-in wasn't until much later, they gave us our room right away, and were unpacked and off sightseeing by 2:00. I felt like we had a whole day ahead of us. The hotel is very nice. The rooms are small, but no smaller than a New York City hotel. Actually, I was pleased to find a desk area and a small sitting area where my kids ate cereal for breakfast in the room everyday (to save time and money). There is a supermarket right by, and everything else you may need. One of my favorite perks was finding a washer/dryer laundry area on our floor. That really came in handy, and was very convenient for us to laundry when we got back to the hotel one night. The only downside was no refrigerator or minibar in the room. That would have been a nice addiion. Everyone we encountered at the hotel was very nice and helpful. I would definetely stay here again. Even at the full price that we found on the internet (around $229 a night during the time we went), it would have been worth it. We did not go to the attached restaurant, but it looked nice, and wasn't too formal for young children. Fisherman's Wharf is very touristy, and a little cheesey. On the other hand, I wouldn't stay anywhere else with small kids. We went to Alcatraz, did the duck boat tour (a must!), walked around the wharf and went to restaurants there, rode the trolley, etc. It was all within quick walking distances for us, with 4 and 7 year olds. It was also a quick cab ride to get home from Chinatown after dinner etc. I also recommend a trip to Muir Woods. It was beautiful.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>iamblueone
<Content>great location you could tell this was a very nice hotel from the moment you walked in, very cool water fountain in the lobby.rooms - the room was very modern and nice, loved the furniture and decor. it had a very comfy bed (with 4+ pillows), nice lcd tv, and chaise chair. the bathroom was also very nice with a modern shower and sink. the room was also quiet and i was next to the elevator, didn't hear anything or anyone (except for those rude LOUD talkers in the hallway)location - great location. nice and quiet but also close to the action. 2 blocks up and you are at fisherman's wharf (just a quick walk). if you want to be close to fisherman's wharf but not have the craziness, this is a good spot.service - only dealt with staff once for checkin and that was about it. they didn't really go out of their way to do much for you.i would stay again if the price was right, just for the location and great looking room. I paid $169/night for a king room on the 5th floor.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	3	3	

<Author>AndyLube
<Content>Customer Service Was The Best! On the hotel website we booked a Deluxe Room for $269 a night. We decided to pay the extra $50 a night to have the extra sitting area so our 18 month old daughter can sleep in the corner while we watch TV. We check in and we were greeted by all our rooms are deluxe rooms. Some corner rooms are slightly bigger and have a sitting area. My impression was that we were going to pay $50 extra a night for an extra two feet of space. Rene made things right, she upgraded us to the executive suite. 42 inch LCD tv in one room, 32 inch LCD tv in the other. Nice two sink bathroom and plush king size bed. Thank you Rene!The restaurant Knuckles has great food but horrible service. Hopefully it was an isolated issue. I had to track down our waitress twice. Once to take our drink order and another time to take our food order. Even so I gave her a good tip because the atmosphere and food were great. So many TV's, I didn't know what game to watch. Great video games for kids (and adults).Kudos to Rene, she made our trip very enjoyable! But don't book online, book directly through the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	2	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JRCaesar
<Content>Good family choice Got our room the morning of our stay for $95 on Priceline (best online rate I could find was $210). The room was pleasantly comfortable and looked like it had been renovated in the previous year or so -- great beds, nice shower, good 42-inch LCD with about 35 channels. We had nice weather so the kids checked out the pool -- small, only 3-1/2 feet deep. Parking at the Hyatt was $38 plus tax, which is about standard for that block.For those of you who've never stayed in Fisherman's Wharf, there are about six chain hotels right next to one another along North Point and Bay Streets. If traveling alone or just with my wife, I might have instead stayed at one of the two nearby Kimpton hotels (Argonaut, Tuscan Inn), but the Hyatt was terrific for a family stay.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>kpwhubert
<Content>Great place to stay near the Wharf! We booked through Priceline and got the Hyatt at Fisherman's Wharf for $90 a night. Having heard some bad experiences about Priceline customers getting small rooms and such, we were a little worried. No need to be...I called Hyatt upon learning of my winning bid and requested a King non-smoking room. We arrived and were given just that and more. Our room was beside the Governor's suite and was quite large. A separate dressing area and a huge bathroom with a jacuzzi greeted us as we opened the door. The location is terrific...just a half block from the Cable cars and two blocks from the Wharf. Safe neighborhood...we walked everywhere and had no problems. The staff was friendly and helpful and the bed was about the best we've ever slept on in a hotel. The room had recently been renovated and had a new LCD tv and new furnishings. Would we return to the Hyatt? We're already planning another trip!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Beth527
<Content>They believe in great customer service! Spent three days at the Hyatt at Fisherman's Wharf in July06 for business. The most comfortable room with all the amenities, except mini bar. All staff great, from check-in to front desk to car valets to servers in the restaurant.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>eBzky
<Content>Great location, great service This is a nice hotel in an excellent location, near all the great attractions of Fisherman's Wharp, Pier 39, Ghiradelli, etc. Although I was on a business trip, I brought my family along (including 10 year old boy  5 year old girl) and we stayed five nights.Overall, the service was outstanding. The valet parking was always prompt, and the valet attendent knew me by name by the second day. The front desk was very helpful with driving directions and getting information on road conditions for the remainder of our travel through California.The room was average size, sufficient for the four of us. The bathroom had an odd sink that was very shallow, causing water to spill over occasionally on my 5-year-old.My only real complaint is that there was no refridgerator in the room. This would have been nice for storing left-overs from the wonderful restaurants in the area.I would highly recommend this hotel for business travelers; at the same time, it is above average for tourists.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>sheralic2005
<Content>Great Hotel Great place to stay. Has a pool, spa, gym and good service. Convenient to Fishermans Wharf and all points around. Great for families. We had a recently renovated room with two really comfortable beds (except they were only doubles and I am used to a bigger queen). Otherwise it was a good choice. Staff were helpful and recommended a GREAT Chinese Restaurant called The Madarin at nearby Giradelli Square. Also the Sunrise Cafe across the road is recommended for tasty and (relatively inexpensive) breakfasts. The Knuckles Bar and Grill underneath was also good, with great staff.Hyatt sometimes are more expensive than other chains, but a little extra cost brings comfort, relaxation, convenience and peace of mind, not to mention facilties when travelling with your family in a unfamiliar city.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dreamz76
<Content>Really enjoyed our stay We booked the hotel through priceline for $75 a night. Upon arrival after requesting a nice room they offered an upgrade for $90 to the newly renovated top floor. We looked at both rooms and went with the hip, newly renovated one. My husband and I loved it, beautiful king bed, flat screen TV, contemporary funrnishings and a great location (if you're doing all the touristy things). Walking distance from North Beach and Fisherman's Wharf. As is the case in SF, parking was really expensive ($35 a night), but most convenient as they offer a flat rate with in-and-out services.The concierge was very helpful and recommended some very good places. Our favorite was breakfast at Pat's Cafe, a great way to start the day. Wonderful home style pancakes and waffles, free wirless internet, great service.We highly recommedn the Segway tours, a novel experience, bit pricy though. The SFMOMA is worth a visit for anyone interested in modern art. Also if you have half a day, the 49 mile drive takes you through all of San Francisco and is a great way to get the flavor of the entire city (pre-print the map - some signs have been stolen).  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Katrinia
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location We stayed in a newly renovated room. The room was lovely. The bed was the best bed I ever slept in, including at home!The location is great. Fisherman鈥檚 wharf is a cute area, and the trolley stop is around the corner so you can take the trolley up to Chinatown or North Beach. Ghirardelli Square is just around the corner.The downside 鈥?Parking is $36 a day. There is no concierge floor.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel with great service! Fabulous room with the most comfortable bed we have ever slept on (and we're seasoned travellers!) Very nicely decorated - lovely bathroom with walk in wet-room shower, and huge mirror. Staff couldn't have been more friendly and helpful. Great facilities in the room, including wall-mounted LCD TV, and we really do need to stress just how comfortable that bed was. Nothing else has ever come close!Our two negatives were: Fishermans wharf ain't the greatest place in the world, in all honesty. The one plus of this was that there was a tram stop just around the corner which made Union Street and China Town easily accessible. The diner (Knuckles) didn't impress for breakfast - we tried it once and decided to go elsewhere from then on. Could have been a one off, but we certainly experienced better food in SF.Overall, though, we'd go back without a second thought - we really genuinely enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just the room - no free bells and whistles - hang on to your wallet! First let me start out by saying that we look for value when we are on vacation - we're usually looking for a place that has internet - so we can finalize the plan the next day, a complementary breakfast in the morning - nothing major - just some coffee, pastries for the kids. We have become *spoiled* I guess by great stays at Quality Inns - they have all these things and more!We stayed here for 2 nights primarily for the location - it's just a couple of blocks to the wharf! That's the BEST thing about this hotel.I'm very glad we did the Priceline thing - we were able to get the room for $92, well short of the $170 normal rate and as it turns out, the hotel did it's very best to get the rest of the money - parking is valet only ($36/day + taxes!)- there is no free internet, but for only $10/day you can access that - no complementary breakfast nor was there a coffee maker in the room! The room was nice and comfortable but very small.You just get the room! After a 2 day stay we were out about $300  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>alertvideo
<Content>Enjoyed our stay My son and I recently stayed at Hyatt at the wharf and it was well above average. Room size was what is to be expected in a major city downtown location. Room features, cleanliness and comfort were excellent. No view whatsoever as you would know from just a bit of research. The location is very good. Knuckles, the lobby restaurant was quite good for breakfast which is the only meal we ate there. The bar at Knuckles was staffed by some of the friendliest and best tenders and waitresses I've run into anywhere. Always check parking and restaurant prices before you book in any city. Prices at the Hyatt were what you'd expect in a location like this in a city like this. I will stay at this hotel again and would recommend to others.  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>noirjet
<Content>There are better hotels out there. The pluses:-The hotel is in a good location if you want to stay in the Fisherman's Wharf and be close to Northbeach/Chinatown.-Excellent beds. If you need a lot of rest and not interested in being out, this is a great hotel for it. But, then again, why pay Fisherman's Wharf prices, when you can stay somewhere else with much better rates?-The rooms have recently been upgraded with very comfortable plush beds, flat screen TVs, and new fixtures. -There's a decent size lap pool and jacuzzi.-There's also a work out room and a laundry room.The negatives:-Absolutely no view. I had one of the better views on the 5th floor. I paid extra ($20/day) to upgrade so that I can view the Coit tower. When I got to the room, I realized that although I can indeed see the tower, there's a much better view of the Petco, 76, and Cost Plus Market! Their store lights prevented me from leaving my window open to see the better view in the distance.-The wireless internet is NOT free! This is SF folks! We have the most amount of free wireless in the US. Tip: I managed to use the wireless connection from the Radisson nearby for free.- Although this is supposed to be an upgraded room, the dresser bulb is missing and there's a bulb out in the bathroom. There is also no mini bar and no real desk to work in.- There are never enough towels and they are not nice towels!- The hotel guest information book is outdated and incomplete. We ordered room service and half of the menu items were no longer offered and the prices are wrong. No information in it on where amenities were (ie. pool, check out time, etc.)- If you do decide to stay here, you'll be tempted to order room service. Don't! The food is not very good and is over priced, not to mention does not come as it is described on the menu. For example, the Continental breakfast for $10.95 that comes with a basket of danishes, actually has two very very small danish (same size as a sweetener package), plus a 2 cup pot of coffee and glass of orange juice. To top it off, we were charged the new price of $16.95 plus the $2.50 delivery and the 18% service charge. The corned beef hash tasted like it came out of a can, and the baby back ribs had no BBQ sauce (as described on the menu). I've ordered room service in every hotel I've ever stayed at and understand that the prices are always exurberant, but I am more often than not satisfied with the food. Not at this Hyatt!- The elevator is located in one section and is not in the center! Some people are lucky enough to be located near it, but for most, it's going to be long trek.- Parking is $36 a night regardless if you're a guest or not. (TIP: There are free parking spaces at the end of Beach street for 4 hours maximum and near the Argonaut for max 2 hours)Overall, it's not the worse hotel you can be in. But, there are better choices out there.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>tallgrl651
<Content>Great location! My sister and I stayed here for a few nights and loved it. The location was absolutely fabulous (located only one block from street car and trolley stops and two blocks from the Wharf and Pier 39). We stayed in one of the newly remodelled rooms and thought it was really nice and spacious for us. The hotel staff was extremely friendly and helpful too. We would definitly plan on staying here again. I highly recommend getting breakfast at the Hollywood Cafe across the street. They have the best freshly squeezed orange juice! If you're in the area on the weekend, try to take the street car to the Farmer's Market at the Ferry Building...it was amazing!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>djt68
<Content>Not bad for kids The key to this hotel is the location. If you have kids this is a great base for exploring San Francisco. You can walk to nearby attractions or take the cable car across town.The hotel was slightly dated, as most Hyatt's are these days, but the room was nicely decorated and the linens were luxurious.Parking is expensive, but convenient.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bdubs9
<Content>Great location, but nothing fancy. My wife and I have stayed here with friends twice. Both times were average experiences. Hotels.com offered discounted rates both times we stayed. Our rooms were clean and comfortable. Each stay we had a view of the roof of an adjacent building. We decided to stay there due to proximity to the wharf and available parking. Parking is $35. May stay again, but will look for something with more ammenties.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent location, overall a great hotel My husband and I, along with his parents and brother, stayed at the Hyatt at Fisherman's Wharf on December 16th and had a great experience. Not only was the staff extremely friendly and welcoming, but the hotel was in an excellent location and exceeded our expectations given the extremely reasonable rate they offered on line. I had used trip advisor to narrow down our list of possible hotels and can't figure out what some of the other reviewers were referring to when they said that the rooms were dirty and not up to a 4-star rating. We found the hotel to be very clean and the beds were some of the most comfortable hotel beds I have ever slept in. The noise level was low and because my in-laws plane came in late that night we opted to eat at the restaurant's Bar and Grill which was reasonably priced and everyone enjoyed their meal. The restaurant offered a pretty basic menu, but all of the dishes were great and we were thrilled to be able to eat in such a convenient location given the late hour (11pm). At the suggestion of another reviewer, we caught a quick breakfast at the Sunrise Cafe across the street the next morning before heading out for a day of sightseeing. Overall, an extremely positive experience and I will definately recommend this hotel to other family and friends who come to San Francisco for a visit!  
<Date>Dec 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TravelFan_01
<Content>A real disappointment We booked to stay for 3 nights at Hyatt Fisherman's Wharf on the understanding that this was one of the best hotels in the Fisherman's Wharf area. If this was one of the best, I dread to think what some of the others are like.In hindsight, it was a mistake to stay at Fisherman's Wharf anyway. Myself and my husband spent part of our honeymoon in San Francisco three years ago but stayed near Union Square. At the time, we seemed to be travelling down to Fisherman's Wharf a lot for Alcatraz, Pier 39 etc so it made sense just to stay down there this time. In fact, we ended up spending nearly all of our time away from there! I don't know what has happened in three years, but it seemed to feel more unsafe, more seedy, more tacky and there were certainly more beggars down there. We could hardly walk out of our hotel without getting hassled by someone, and therein lies the first problem of Hyatt Fisherman's Wharf.As for the hotel itself, that too, was extremely disappointing. The lobby was beautiful but unfortunately, not maintained well. The carpeting was filthy and all of the public areas just felt like they needed a good clean. There was a strange, musty smell that hung in the air too. I'm not a prima donna in any way and I've stayed in plenty of lower class hotels that were clean and well maintained, but this hotel just screamed 'unloved' and it is clearly ageing before its time.Our room I would call fairly basic (and certainly not 4*) but at least that was clean and I guess we spent more time in the room than public areas so it was more important for the room to be clean. However, it shouldn't have to be an either/or situation. The decor made the room feel dingy and dated even though it probably wasn't done THAT long ago. The bed was very comfortable though, and we made good use of the numerous cable channels on offer. There wasn't a coffee maker in the room but the hotel did offer complimentary coffee at a station down the corridor which was handy.We ate breakfast at the hotel's only on-site restaurant, Knuckles for convenience more than anything else. The food was ok, nothing special though. We felt it was overpriced for what it was.The staff overall were trying their best but were mainly young and inexperienced. They also weren't very forthcoming with a smile or cheery hello.On the whole, we found our whole experience at Hyatt Fisherman's Wharf very disappointing and it's for certain that if we return to San Francisco, we'll be staying neither there, or at the Fisherman's Wharf area in general.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>amtedrow
<Content>Just Ho-Hum I stayed at the Hyatt at Fisherman's Wharf for two nights for a conference and paid a discounted rate of $169. The staff were very friendly and efficient, but the hotel was a little on the small side and not what I expected of a 4-star rating. My room was adequate, but not particularly clean or interesting. The conference spaces felt cramped. If I had paid full price, I would have been extremely disappointed. The location is great for visiting Fisherman's Wharf. It is in walking distance of seafood restaurants, the sea lions, the ferry to Alcatraz, Ghirardelli Square, and the cable car turnaround. But once you've seen those things, there isn't much to explore. After the conference, I moved to a hotel in Union Square  greatly preferred being in the heart of the city.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>2peasinapod
<Content>Fine for the $$ My husband and I stayed for 5 nights at the Hyatt, October 5th 鈥?10th. I would say that yes, it defiantly is not Hyatt quality but it is not horrible like some of the reviews have read. It is in need of renovations, the carpets desperately. The staff was nice and friendly. Location was great! We booked through priceline and so were not guaranteed a specific room. I called a few days ahead of time to request a king size room, we were put in a room with 2 double beds the first night. They didn't have any king rooms available until the 2nd night so they told us to have all of our stuff packed up and they would switch us the next morning. So we went about our day and came back to a king room. I thought that was great that they accommodated our request even though nothing is guaranteed through priceline. The beds were very comfortable, one of the most comfortable hotel beds that we have ever slept on. All in all, it was a great experience; San Francisco is a amazing city. We didn't eat at the hotel due to previous reviews and we feel as though, hotels are in the hotel business, not the restaurant. We have never had a fabulous meal at a hotel so we just choose to stay away from all hotel restaurants.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>joolzb
<Content>A very convenient hotel. We chose the Hyatt at Fishermans Wharf after much deliberation, after having read varying opinions on Trip Advisor. We are so glad we chose this hotel as it was a really enjoyable stay. We wanted to be in Fishermans Wharf area, and we were ideally placed for all the tourist spots. The hotel has a sort of faded elegance and could maybe do with a bit of general modernisation. But that said it couldn't be faulted for everything else. The staff in particular where first class, from the front desk to the room maids, everyone was so pleasant and seemed as if they enjoyed working there. The beds are the most comfortable we have ever slept on and we had more pillows than we have ever had in any other hotel ( we normally have to ask for more).We had asked for a room near to the elevator and that is what we got, on looking around the hotel we could see what other reviewers meant about the miles of corridors. They did seem as if they would be confusing.We stayed 14 nights and ate several times in Knuckles which was what it said it was (a sports bar). It got a bit too noisy for my Mother some nights but the food was good and again the staff of top quality. The hotel pool and spa area were a delight especially in a San Francisco hotel where they are scarce anyway. It was so great to come back at the end of a busy day and be able to swim or sit in the hot tub. Plenty of towels are provided at the pool so you don't have to take them from your room.We had a top class stay and would visit again in a heartbeat, Even the rate we paid was reasonable for the area.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Scrooge06
<Content>Extravagant Rates and Filthy Rooms This hotel simply has not been maintained over time. Floors ceilings and walls are all equally dirty. The room rates are stratospheric for the quality of the hotel. The restaurant features truculent staff, high prices, and mediocre food. The alleged concierge staff were utterly clueless. Try the Hyatt Regency not too far away if you like this chain.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>YYZflytoomuch
<Content>In desperate need of renovation DIRTY CARPETS! Filthy carpets. Disgusting carpets. I can't describe how dirty they are in the corridors, and even worse in the rooms. Worn out furniture, mould on the bathroom countertop, dirty wallpaper and a general lack of thorough cleaning on doors, vanities, and furniture. Did I mention dirty carpets? We actually put the duvet covers on the floor to walk on them.I called the front desk to ask for a new room. They told me that a room would be ready the next morning and offered to move my stuff for me. I had my wife and 2 kids with me, and the move would be a bit of a pain a day later(plus I got a glimpse into the rooms beign cleaned on my floor - same condition - same nasty carpets). THe front desk clerk told me that on my next visit, things would be different because they were planning to update the rooms in November 2005. This property reminds me of a typical Hilton: outdated, worn out, and yes the rooms do smell musty.As for location, Fisherman's Wharf reminds me of Niagara Falls. You decide if that is a good or bad thing.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>TVTravel
<Content>not Hyatt quality A hotel chain's reputation is the primary method many travelers use to decide where to stay. I've always rated Hyatts above Holiday Inns, but after my experience at the Hyatt at Fisherman's Wharf, I'm changing my mind.Checking in involved a long wait at the desk, followed by schelpping my bags to my room myself when it became obvious the bell staff was completely overwhelmed. (I had to do the same when checking out).Big city hotels love to nickle and dime you for every extra they can pad your bill with. If I stay at a Holiday Inn, I get free high-speed internet and free parking. At the Hyatt, T-Mobile wireless access was offered for $10/night and parking was $45/night. 3 of the hotel's 4 elevators don't stop at the lobby level, only the stair accessed lower level. Waiting for the one elevator that does stop at lobby level took up to 10 minutes.There's no real hotel restaurant, just a lobby level sports bar with more TVs than entree choices. Avoid at all costs, and find your food at any of the many nearby restaurants.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good base to explore The hotel is in the ideal spot to explore the areas of San Francisco. The areas of North Beach and Chinatown are only about 10 mins walk away with excellent choice of restaurants. Union Square is a little further but best option is to use the cable car ($5 single) As previous comments - the hotel is clean, functional and tidy - we stayed in a double room which was big enough for two. There are no coffee facillities in the room, but is available free between 0630-0900 every morning. (Ours was in a set out area on the fourth floor around from our room)Didn't try Knuckles sport bar attached to hotel, but did try 'Cafe Pescatore' -one block away on the same road as the hotel. Excellent breakfasts and would recommend  
<Date>Sep 17, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Cunspin
<Content>More like a Motel 6 than Hyatt We were there for 9 nights. The hotel smelled musty the rooms where small.The shets would comeuntucked and end up in a bunch in the middle of the bed EVERY night (too Small?!!!)There was no concierge It was just not what I would expect from Hyatt  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bartlett
<Content>Good location.The hotel does the job. My family and I have just returned from a holiday to San Francisco. I was a bit worried about staying at this hotel due to the previous reviews. The hotel is in an excellent location which is very quiet. It is very close to Fishermans Wharf and next to the cable car route. Yes the rooms are clean and nice without being outstanding and with no view but the hotel does the job. When in San Francisco you are out 99% of the time seeing the sights and eating out so the hotel is just a base.I would not have wanted to stay near Union Square. This is noisy and like any other city centre place. Also you would always have to travel further distances to get anywhere.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>finally1122
<Content>OK hotel, theres probably better. We stayed here on the Forth of July after making a reservation with our Hyatt Points months in advance. I heard that the rate was up to $200+ for the night we stayed. We arrived way before the check in time but they had a room for us. When we first checked in for our non-smoking room, we were unpleased to find that the room they had given us was smelling of stale smoke. I went down and they changed our room to one without the smell of smoke. I didn't like the fact that getting to the elevator from our room seemed like a 5-minute walk through confusing corridors. The rooms are not all that big and ours had a view of the roof. We did check out and use the outdoor pool and whirlpool which was nice before we went to go see the fireworks. The fitness room was average but had a sauna which was a plus. The location is mostly up to your preference. We didn't find Fisherman's Warf to be all that great because it was mostly full of tourist traps and was a little creepy at night. The location is about 2-3 blocks in from the Warf. We stayed here on our last night in the city, but the other 2 nights were spent at the Hyatt Regency down at the Embarcado. We found this a less tacky, less crowded place to spend our time. If you do stay Fishermans Warf, check out the Argonaut Hotel or even the Best Western (dont knock it just because it's a BW, because it looked quite nice). If youve got any questions, dont hesitate to email me.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TravelfanNH
<Content>Good location We stayed at the Hyatt at Fisherman's Wharf from July 3rd thru July 5th. The location was great for all wharf activities such as Alacatraz, Pier 39, City Tour and the 4th of July Fireworks. We had a run in with the hotel personnel regarding our reservation request for a rollaway bed. When we checked in they said that they would send the rollaway right up. We waited for a bit and it did not arrive. My husband called and was now told that they could not put a rollaway in a room with 2 double beds. He told them that they accepted the reservation that way and that I had called to be sure and was told no problem. We were again told they would send it up. We went out for several hours and when we returned the rollaway was still not there. My husband, now angry called and spoke to the manager and after a bit of an argument they finally sent one up. The hotel also only offers valet parking at $32 per day so be weary of that. We never used the car while in San Francisco but needed it for the remainder of our California adventure. The pool and hot tub area is very windy and cool so bring a parka to put on when you get out.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Enii
<Content>Loved this hotel! Thought this hotel was the perfect location for visiting the wharf. The staff were friendly and helpful and the rooms were clean with the most comfortable beds! The bathroom was roomy and clean and the pool was great!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dotblair
<Content>loved the hyatt---close to everything just got back from the hyatt at fisherman's wharf---we were there for 3 nights  4 days---a very nice hotel--thought the room was plenty big--the service was excellent---didn't eat at knuckles restaurant, heard negative reviews, and was way too pricy!!!---the main downside of the hotel was no coffee in the room--you have to go to another floor for coffee--and while the bathroom is really big, there is no separate vanity outside of the bathroom-----walking distance to just about everything---and the little cafe(hollywood cafe) right across the street had excellent breakfast (very fresh squeezed orange juice)--excellent food and very nice service. the hyatt also provides a free newspaper every day, which was nice!!---but we couldn't find any brochures of things to do in the lobby, which was unusual-----all in all, we had a fabulous 4 days!!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mommy2ena
<Content>Disappointing property - NOT 4* Location is good if you're a walker. Meaning you could wake in the mornings, or walk after dinner, and walk out to Pier 39 or to Ghiradelli Square. But the property itself? Disappointing. The hotel is understaffed; the rooms are old and small ( I was supposed to have a pool view - wound up looking out at the roof over the restaurant); the valet service (?) was very slow; and worst of all was that the concierge service is severely lacking! (slow and VERY limited hours). The concierge leaves at 5pm (just when you're starting to think about dinner), and the front desk's idea of giving me a restaurant recommendation was to hand me the San Francisco Zagat's! Not what I expected of the Hyatt name -- the reason I booked this property. I would not recommend this property and I personally won't stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>koalabear2099
<Content>Great Service but definetly NOT 4-Star The Hyatt at Fisherman's Wharf is not a bad place to stay. The pictures that I saw on the website and the room we got were quite different. When we first arrived, they checked us into a smoking room. I specifically requested *non-smoking* room. We called up the front desk and they gladly put us into a non-smoking room. The room was tiny and did not in any way resemble a 4-star hotel. I've stayed in 2-star hotels that were nicer than this. The room seemed somewhat gloomy and depressing. Another thing, valet parking was $35 per night, this is not mentioned anywhere on the website.However, there were some really good things about this hotel: it was only 3 blocks from pier 39, the service was *really* fantastic. Overall: Its an 2-star hotel with a 4-star name and 4-star price.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Rhubarb69
<Content>Great Location I don't care what anyone else says - I really liked this hotel! My partner and I found it clean and the staff were friendly and very nice. We really liked the location. Some people think the whole fisherman's wharf area is tasteless and tacky - it is, but that's what we come for. Complaining about the food is a waste of time since we only had to walk two blocks to some great italian and seafood restaurants. We never felt unsafe on the street at night either. It was also a great location as it was a short walk to either the cable car or the trolley to go anywhere else in town (even though we did walk just about all over the city) We stayed 6 nights - admittedly 3 of those nights were paid for by work as we were there for a conference, but we thought the price was ok. The food at the conference was spectacular by the way. In all, I would go back there in a second - I loved it.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Virginislandchick
<Content>I Don't Understand Everyone's Complaints.......I loved it!! I just returned from a stay at this Hyatt. I am from Evansville, IN. My sister and I stayed for six nights May 10th-16th. We thought the rooms were exceptionally clean and very roomy. We stayed in Room 244 (double/double). I definitely encourage anyone going to San Francisco to get out and see the city and eat at the local restaurants at Fisherman's Wharf..Knuckles wasn't anything to do cartwheels over. We were pleased with the attentiveness and friendliness of the hotel staff! The gentlemen working valet were exceptionally quick and very friendly.The only drawback to the room was the air conditioning. I wasn't comfortable sleeping with the window open and the a/c never cooled below 72 degrees. I didn't complain about the issue though so the hotel was aware...perhaps it was just our room. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to the San Francisco Fisherman's Wharf area. It is centrally located to just about everything that you would want to see.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>hacmco
<Content>Good value, great location! This hotel is great for seeing the sights in San Francisco. It is just a couple of blocks from the Wharf and within a short walk of two cable car routes. The rooms are very clean and comfortable and the service is traditional Hyatt: very friendly and EVERY member of the staff ready and willing to help.If you drive, parking is cheaper than downtown hotels, and it's a lot easier to get in and out of the city.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK... Spent 8 nights at the hotel for our Wedding Anniversary last week. The Major positive was the location, as it's close to everything the city has to offer. We had an inside pool view that was small in size, but mostly quiet. Oddly, the hotel promotes Starbucks as their Coffee Brand, but the Complimentary Coffee provided every morning is DEFINITELY not. Althought it is served in Coffee Urns with the Starbucks Logo on the pour spigots?!?!?!The Valet/Bellservice was very prompt and accommodating, the Front Desk and Concierege Service was average at best. Even basic directions seemed to stump the PM Desk Clerk. (however they did smile and greet guests warmly on most of our comings and goings.)My biggest warning would be the restaurant, Knuckles. WOW what a pitiful excuse for a Hotel FB Outlet! There was never a Host at the door to seat patrons, food servers had to notice a new table that needed service (which rarely happened) and the food was mediocore at best. We finally stopped using the facility after walking out on the 4th time we tried to have breakfast. No one will allow you to order off the menu since they pour coffee and walk away. The Buffet is your only option according to the Service Staff by their actions. As East Coaters, we were up by 7 am everyday, and they just couldn't accommodate guests/get it together that early. There was never a HOST or MANAGER in the Restaurant during any of our visits. I guess Hyatt is OK with Auto piloted restaurants. At an average 2 person breakfast at over $30, this doesn't fly with us.If I had it to do over again, I would have paid $20 more per night and stayed at the Marriott 2 blocks down. We had a few meals there, it it seemed much more managed than the Hyatt.Just thought any traveler considering a vacation on the Wharf should know... Happy Travels :-)If it helps, we are a DINK couple in our Mid 30's...  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fanelli
<Content>Don't Stay Here I stayed here in Feburary while traveling on business. It was awful. Very dirty.Staff tried but not much you can do when the rooms are run down and dirty. In my opinion, this property gives Hyatt a bad name.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>kazpalms
<Content>very disappointing Stayed here in August 2004. We were very disappointed. The rooms, although quite reasonably priced, were very basic and nothing special at all. It is in a good situation if you want to visit Fisherman's Wharf but that, itself, we found tacky in the extreme. We also suffered a fire alarm alert in the middle of the night complete with an evacuation of the hotel to find out that a member of staff had set if off by cooking too much bacon! This fact relayed to a lift full of disgruntled guests by the culprit herself in a very cheery and not at all guilty fashion! On reflection I would suggest that people pay that little bit extra and stay near Union Square. You can get to Fisherman's Wharf easily on the trams but it's not really a place you want to dwell on. Don't miss the tour of Alcatraz though - it's brilliant!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location and Service We stayed over Xmas week. Got a good deal with AAA discount 鈥?including daily free breakfast for two and 陆-off kids. For us, the hotel was in a good location. If you don鈥檛 want to be near the tourist stuff, then find another place. It was far enough from the main Wharf area ( I would not recommend staying on the wharf directly 鈥?very noisy), but close enough to walk. Also close to cable cars and local buses. Don鈥檛 plan on parking a car there though - $34/night. You really don鈥檛 need a car for anything in SF, as the public transportation is very good. There is no free internet service, which was a bit disappointing. Our room was a bit of a hike from the elevator, but it was *very* quiet 鈥?facing the inside of the hotel. The staff was very courteous and helpful.The rooms are not huge, but OK for two people. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Layover
<Content>OK The restaurant, Knuckles, was great. Except for that? Ugh. Room was nothing special. Took forever to follow the maze of halls to find my room, which overlooked a gas station. Really not that great of a place.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay away from the street My sister and I stayed in this hotel for two nights. Unfortunately is was during a protest outside the Holiday Inn across the road - but the 6am til 11pm mega phone brigade could be heard loud and clear from our street facing room 7 stories up. However, the hotel is within walking distance of Pier 39, Ghiradelli Centre and the Cannery but we always returned to the hotel before dark because the streets were full of unsavory characters. THe room was lovely, what we expected for the Hyatt hotel and Hyatt price tag.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gohcp
<Content>Not worth the price... I selected this hotel for the big name Hyatt but I am very disappointed with the 3 days stay. The room is small and hard to move about, even for just two persons. We were at first given a room so far away from the lift, making many turns like a maze. Only after our humble request, we then given a room just next to the lift, it was available in the first place. The bath room lack of many standart stuff, so you must bring along with your shower cap. I wish for a bigger room and free use of internet, you have to pay for $10 per day for wifi usage (still with some problem sending email). I will personally feels that this is not a good place to stay, price is higher for this big name but you are getting much different.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So So My new hubby and I stayed here on our Honeymoon. The staff was informed ahead of time that we were celebrating this special occasion in their hotel, yet they gave us a room with 2 double beds instead of the requested King. They didn't make much of an effort to correct the problem; said they 'might' be able to move us to another room the next day. The rooms were in dire need of an overhaul; not what we expected from a Hyatt. But the Concierge was very helpful and the location was convenient to the Fisherman's Wharf area.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, nice hotel We stayed here for four nights during our honeymoon. The people at the front desk were so nice to us, and congratulated us numerous times on getting married! The room was very nice. It was on the smaller side, but we spent most of our day seeing the city so it didn't bother us. The room was kept clean, the bed was comfortable, and the hotel was quiet.The front desk staff were great. They gave us tips on what to see and do. We got a great price on this hotel through priceline ($60/night) and we were treated just like everyone else. I was very pleased and would stay here again. You're close enough to the Wharf to see everything, but it's easy to get to anywhere in the city from the Hyatt's location.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location, nice room, helpful staff.   showReview(2513140, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>RAKman44
<Content>OK hotel, tacky area   showReview(2386400, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel   showReview(2241081, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hyatt Fisherman's Wharf = Clean, Friendly - slightly above average   showReview(1664836, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Great Area-Even Better Hotel   showReview(1550522, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>socratesa
<Content>FW Hyatt OK!   showReview(1536869, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK hotel in a tacky, touristy location   showReview(1372360, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location!!   showReview(1226531, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2003
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ejan
<Content>Very nice hotel, excellent location   showReview(1144865, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Not the worst hotel I've ever stayed at, but...   showReview(922835, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aureliaweil
<Content>a eviter   showReview(21998196, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marcumden
<Content>Un super compromis   showReview(21483205, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>dark22
<Content>parfait   showReview(19410482, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瑕冲厜銇究鍒┿仹涓€浜恒仹銈傚畨鍏?#x201d;   showReview(19172510, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournerons,   showReview(16585774, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer wieder   showReview(15566094, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un tr猫s bon choix dans l'offre sur Fisherman's Wharf. Nous y retournerons surement !!!   showReview(15566093, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sch枚nes saubers Hotel   showReview(14726560, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ideal f眉r Familienaufenthalt   showReview(13975066, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Molto bello   showReview(12655748, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>whirlwind75
<Content>Bell'hotel, personale e organizzazione pessimi   showReview(8548885, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	4	1	1	4	

<Author>yschi
<Content>Ein tolles Hotel   showReview(7807724, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo Hotel   showReview(11430689, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bel hotel   showReview(11355601, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr zu empfehlen   showReview(11355600, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>寤虹墿銇彜銇曘倰鎸囨憳銇曘倢...   showReview(19928947, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇倱銇ㄣ亜銇ｃ仸銈傚缓鐗┿亴...   showReview(19916877, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

