<Author>baylor89
<Content>Terrible service/rooms Bad feeling from start. Got directions off Google and they were wrong. Called hotel on cell phone, and was told that Sir, I need to know where you're coming from in a very rude manner. Most other front staff were pretty courteous. Checked in okay at 3 p.m. Got room, and remote control didn't work. Called down and they did bring one up that worked about 20 minutes later. Next, the tub while taking a shower filled with an inch or so of water. Next three mornings it didn't do that. The club sandwhich was not very good at $14. Ate half. It was a little cold by the time it got up to the room. Bar staff seemed okay except that it seemed to be pawned out or contracted out and not a part of Holiday Inn. The tall lamp by the chair didn't have a light bulb in it. I digress. Anyway, would recommend another nearby hotel by all means.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>Jpgirl
<Content>Avoid this Hotel As a preface, let me say that my husband is an extensive traveller and a Platinum member with Intercontinental Hotels for years. He really likes the service at the Holiday Inn Express hotels. That being said we choose this hotel for closness to the train going downtown so I could have the car.The front desk staff, with 2 exceptions, was horrible. Upon check in there were several people ahead of us and all were greeted with a curt No rooms available yet-comeback at 3(It was 1 PM). When it was our turn, we got the same line-dh just wanted to store our luggage and bikes so we could go over to the state fair.So the lady checks our reservation and realizes who dh is (like I said he travels extensively) and just about falls all over herself to apologize and all the sudden we can have our room right now. While it was nice for us,it's not nice for other travellers. We get to our floor and it's ghost town, confirming our suspicions that the front desk just didn't want tocheck anyone in early.The first night we went to the bar and the bartender informed us quite rudely that there was only one wine available as he didn't have the keys to the cooler. I felt as though we were interrupting him watching the game as we were the only people in there.They do have security that rides the lot 24/7 in a golf cart but the hotel backs up to an iffy area. I did ride through it to gain access to a bike trail and was OK, but not for the faint of heart or at night.We didn't receive maid service the second day until I went down at 3 and asked.Today was the icing on the cake. Dh asked for an extended check out as he's at a conference and won't be back until 2. He doesn't do this often but when he does if the hotel isn't busy (and believe me this one isn't) they're very graciousand allow it. The guy at the front desk this morning was very rude and arrogant and he could give us till 1 but that was absolutely it.We should've stayed downtown-next time we will. The rooms are outdated and the AC is iffy. The room smelled of mildew.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	2	3	1	2	4	

<Author>DallasJags
<Content>Horrible Stay This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed at by far. The staff members Lester Keller and Moe are the worst. They have an inflated sense of self worth and do not feel the need to provide any customer service. Lester is at the front desk and it is an understatement to say how un-helpful he is. He does not belong in a place that deals with customer service. The other guy Moe who drives the shuttle has the same problem. Transportation depends on whether he feels like driving. Oh and the internet never works, trust me I stayed here a month for a review course not by choice. Trust me find another place it is horrible.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>stageidea
<Content>Sad.. Well, the first room I had a funky smell. That room was in the tower. After that I was given a room next to the pool. I am glad to say that it didn't have the issue with a funky smell but it did have a problem with ants and the carpet was pretty nasty. This may have been renovated in 2005 but I can assure you it is time for it to be completly gutted and redone. The lobby is nice and the staff is actually very nice. Too bad the rooms are nasty. Ended up checking out early and getting a refund.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>1	3	1	3	2	5	5	4	

<Author>jagdog
<Content>In the room right now not happy at all. Stayed here on business because my colleague and I were going to share a rental car and it was simply the easiest way to go. Next time I will stay at the Omni up the road (my usual stay) or the Crowne Plaza which I stayed at last time (which had the most comfortable bed ever but wasn't quite as nice as the Omni).First, as I checked in (very nice guy) I was told I was being upgraded to their premier floor (6th floor). I was told these rooms were bigger and they had refrigerators, and also told to park by a certain door. Well, I was told to park at the opposite door that I should have (I had a few heavy bags and dinner in my hands), the room was average in size (couldn't imagine it being much smaller unless it was in the hot areas in NYC, San Fran, or Chicago), and there was no refrigerator. I'm not upset about the size of the room or the fridge at all.Well, I am currently sitting in a broken chair I almost fell out of twice already, the internet is free wireless but in and out with the connection, and the television has been out for quite some time now. I pulled the tv out of the armoire to turn it toward the desk area and I literally almost dropped it on the floor. There are little bugs crawling on the mirror I am looking at right now, a couple more on this desk, and I keep losing the wireless connection (5 times in this post so far). The location is good, area around is ok, kinda, and again the staff was very courteous. The shower seems nice and the bathroom amenities are decent. The ice machine worked as well, not all bad here, but it was pretty much below average for a business traveler.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	4	-1	2	

<Author>okgladmom
<Content>Average place, average stay We stayed in this hotel one night because it was close to the Galleria Mall where we met friends for the day. As soon as we opened the door (on the top executive member floor) we smelled mildew. The carpet was damp and it was obvious there had been water damage in the room. We should've asked to change rooms, but since it was only for one night, we decided to stay put. If we would've paid for the room (used Holiday Inn points) we would've complained. Even though it's located on the highway we didn't notice much noise. This is your basic no-frills Holiday Inn.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>golflover26
<Content>NICE BASIC HOTEL WITH EXCELLENT LOCATION This is a nice hotel,very basic,nothing outstanding.It was clean and very quiet even though it was packed all the days we spent at it.The parking lot was always full at night but it was very quiet all over the hotel.The rooms are very spacious.We do not have anything to complain about.The best thing is the location.Did not go to the restaurant because of previous reviews.No restaurant is at walking distance.There are some close but you would need a car.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>jet1309
<Content>Great stay experience I like the swimming pool, my family have a great weekend to stay, thanks for all service  customer help! will come back again  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gearoid9
<Content>Another awful experience Avoid this hotel. If you scroll down, you'll see that this is my second negative review of this hotel in just over a year. I stayed this second time because the manager gave us a great discount after last year's experience, and I was prepared for the slightly outdated rooms and minimal services. What I wasn't prepared for, however, was having an incorrect and vastly higher charge debited to my account that took over a month to fix. Despite the problem being relatively simple - my account was mixed up with someone else's) neither the accountant nor the manager was able to solve it. I called eight times over a ten day period and only once received a call back. Finally I had to complain to higher channels to get it sorted. Absolutely no sense of customer service from the management at this hotel. I won't make the same mistake a third time.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	3	2	2	2	2	

<Author>rbsimmo
<Content>Old Hotel right on the expressway We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights from 13th January to 15th January 2007. The room was a good size with a king size bed and balcony overlooking the pool and car park area. The room has no fridge or microwave but has an ice bucket and coffee maker. There is only in room dining for breakfast. They have sports bar downstairs named Cassidys that looks inviting but when you go in there is plenty of tables chairs and TV's but they don't sell any alcohol as they don't have a licence to sell alcohol. We couldn't believe it. They would lose such much money with guests going elsewhere. The pool is indoors and open 6am - 10pm. The hotel also has a fitness centre and business centre which offers free internet. The room ahs a reverse cycle air conditioner. The bathroom is a bit small but functional with an extra bench with mirror located just outside the bathroom. Good for us women to get ready while hubby is in the shower. There is a McDonalds, Popeyes chicken , KFC and Pizza close by or a 5-10 min walk. Hotel is old and elevators are very slow. they have a coin operated laundry.The bed was comfy. We ordered feather pillows from housekeeping which helped us sleep.The hotel is right on the expressway and the noise of traffic and sirens kept us awake all night. We wouldn't stay here again as the hotel did not make our standards that we are use too.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	4	3	4	5	

<Author>kevincb09
<Content>Horrible Experience DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!! I had my car broken into and a lot stolen while there. It is in a bad neighborhood and the hotel (except for the bell hop) could care less. They made us check out and wait for more than 2.5 hours outside at our car for the police to come and a company to come and fix the window. I will never stay in Dallas again. The police man said do not stay in Dallas as they are having a lot of crime, stay outside of the city.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	1	2	3	2	3	

<Author>worldlee
<Content>crawling with cochroaches! Over priced, dirty, beds extremely hard and uncomfortable - one of the double beds in the room you could actually feel the springs in the hard mattress. The shower was the only decent thing about the room. I had never seen a live cochroach before staying there. It was disgusting! The food was over priced and overcooked!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cades2go
<Content>Surprisingly decent My colleagues and I stayed here two nights the week of July 17th. The front desk person we dealt with--I think her name is Melissa--was great. She never sleeps. She checked us in Monday night at 10pm. The next morning she gave us our free breakfast vouchers at 9:30am. She was helpful, friendly, and funny.The hotel restaurant, a sports bar and restaurant called Cassidy's, was surprisingly nice. We had dinner around 10:30pm after we checked in. I liked my burger; my colleagues liked their Mexican dishes. Skip the carrot cake, though.Breakfast was also good. A small buffet included fresh strawberries and pineapples. Yummy! You could get an omelet made to order at the buffet.The rooms were okay. Mine overlooked the hotel parking lot. My colleagues' overlooked a Ford dealership. We were not tempted by the small balconies because of the 110 degree heat.The a/c worked well, if a bit noisily. The water pressure and temperature were fine. The carpeted floor felt a bit dirty, but the pillows were the worst part of the room. They were lumpy. The beds were otherwise average.Parking was free. There is an indoor pool on the first floor. The room was steamy, but my colleagues said the water temperature was perfect. The elevators are aggressive, so be careful about sliding in there at the last second.Overall, this was a good value.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	3	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>JereK
<Content>Not Acceptable We stayed at the Holiday Inn Select North Park Dallas as part of a group booking throught the Dallas Convention and Visitor Bureau April 7-13, 2006. From the moment we called to confirm our reservation and group needs, we knew we were in for trouble. First, it was very difficult if not impossible to communicate with the front desk staff and some other departmental staff as their English was so poor. This is especially difficult over the phone. Our group had printed confirmations of non-smoking rooms in hand and were told we were all in smoking rooms! This led to finger pointing from the hotel to the travel agent and back again. After much haggling, our group was finally given the non-smoking rooms we absolutely needed due to health issues but claimed they could not put our group together on the same floor while similar groups were all given their non-smoking rooms blocked together. This made planning and communicating with our group during our stay very difficult. The sales staff was not accomodating or flexible to our group dinner needs and pricing. The rooms are in sad need of rennovation as are the hallways. The bathroom tile had mold in the grout. The adjustable shower head was wonderful, however. One of our rooms had a horrible sewer smell when we returned to it one day which seemed to be coming through a vent in the bathroom. We finally got a maid to spray something to help with the extreme odor as we were told there was no way they could move us as the hotel was full. (We saw people checking out daily). Some of our group had very saggy mattresses and lots of expressway noise as this facility is located right next to US 75 and very busy with Dallas traffic. The hotel ice machines were out of ice most of our stay or out of order (yes we went to each of the nine floors looking for ice!). There were mulitipe groups of athletes at our hotel and no accomodation to help them with ice to take out to their games or keep their beverages cold were made. The hotel claimed to have no refrigerators available and put people on waiting lists for one but we never received one during our stay which was essential due to medical issues. The three elevator doors closed very quickly with no rebound open system if someone stepped into the threshold. We saw a toddler almost get crushed when caught in the door. It was difficult for an adult to get the door to reopen! You had to call to get extra towels and once brought to you, if not used right away, the maid would take out any extra towels you ordered in the morning even when they were fresh and unused resulting in us having to call and call again. They gave three towels for a room occupied by four people. The front desk staff and gift shop would not make change for the toll road, their laundry, etc. We understood that the hotel would be booked with many youth groups during our stay, however, the hotel staff was never seen overseeing the hallways, elevators, pool, fitness room, etc where toddlers and very young children ran wild without adult supervision. To sum up, our group spent over $20,000 at this hotel on rooms and a group dinner. It was possibly the worst stay we have ever had with little interest from the management on our satisfaction and no customer service. Please do yourselves a favor and do not even think of staying at this property.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for the Money We stayed here for one night to be near North Park Centre. The hotel was good value for money, we stayed on the executive floor for $64 per night, this included free evening snacks which were good and a free continental breakfast which was not so good. The choice was very limited, some of the bagels were hard and I had to call down for cerial bowls and low fat milk. When it arrived the low fat milk cartons were all past their use by date. We had ordered room service the night before and this arrived promptly and was well presented. However I do not expect to pay $18 for an entree and be served packet mashed potatoes. Overall the hotel is let down by its restaurant. The rooms and public areas were clean and spacious. We had no trouble with noise from the nearby highway and the parking was free. My recommendation would be to stay here but eat elsewhere.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice The hotel is clean and the people are friendly. We were on the second floor and it was quiet. I would not suggest eating breakfast at the hotel. The prices are outrageous for the quality of the food- and kids eat free is a crock because they jack up the adults prices. I would however suggest lunch or dinner at the hotel. The food was better quality and better prices!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PartCel
<Content>Great Value I stayed at hotel for 5 nights during the Dallas Market. Usually stay at Anatole, but cutting expenses due to business and tried this due to price and description. I was so pleasantly surprised! The room was VERY spacious, clean and accomodating. The location proved to be more convenient than expected. The staff was friendly and very helpful and knowledgable- I had to change rooms, during stay and the switch posed no problem. Clerk at front desk told me a new management company had taken over and they were beginning to redo and update all the rooms. The restuarant left some to be desired - breakfast buffet was ok. Overall Very Positive experience with the updated rooms this hotel will definitely be a bargain!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

