<Author>BFD
<Content>Love the Park Hyatt! We have stayed at the Park Hyatt on a number of occasions and have always loved it.Big comfortable rooms, very warm reception, great breakfasts, big marble bathrooms, great views, and great location. One of the best places in Sydney to simply wind down and relax.I can vouch for the absolute pleasure of a single malt scotch in the bar of an evening in the olde world atmosphere. NIce to be able to park the car at the hotel when you arrive, and not use it again until you leave, as the hotel is central to the city, and walking around the foreshore is a pleasure.Can't recommend it highly enought to fellow travellers.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NuBrain
<Content>Best service and location in town!       View from entrance deck  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rainbow03
<Content>Living in Luxury Having return from overseas stay for 7 nights at the Park Hyatt was amazing memory . Our room has magnificent view of Sydney Harbour and the Rock area . Front Desk very helpful, the breakfast over looking Sydney Harbour was just magnificent my wife ordering waffles and strawberry everyday. The hotel its self very close to the Rocks which in our opinion is outstanding area of Sydney.The Restaurants within walking distance are top class, we order some food from room service the food very good. We even impress with remote control curtains and blinds. One night there was a on the Harbour a fire works displays that was magic and add memorable to our trips.If you are seeking luxury this is the outstanding Hotel .  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jill54
<Content>Love it, Love it, Love it!! We stayed here as part of our six week trip of a lifetime Australian visit and were not disappointed, if you are going to stay in Sydney the Hyatt is the only place to be, no its not the cheapest hotel but the view from our gorgeous spacious room of the opera house and circular quay was priceless, day or night the outlook is stunning. In addition to the great view the other hightlights of this hotel are the staff who are all first class, from the warm welcome from Shaun and the boys on the door to Chris the amazing concierge (who can arrange anything you ask with no fuss) and his team, to the restaurant/reception/housekeeping staff they were all superb. We spent three nights at the Hyatt at the beginning of our trip but loved it so much we returned for a further three nights at the end of our trip as we felt nowhere else in Sydney could compare. If you want to best Sydney has to offer, then hang the expense and stay at the Hyatt.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mayfair Ranger
<Content>Worth Breaking the Bank My wife and I spent three nights in an 鈥淥pera King鈥?room at the Park Hyatt in early October. The Opera King (or Twin) is the basic category of room enjoying a direct, unobstructed view of the Opera House, but I reckon that some of the cheaper (or should I say less expensive?) rooms enjoy a serviceable, albeit not front-on, view also. Quite apart from the views, however, the location of this property is absolutely superb - probably the most perfectly sited hotel in which we have ever stayed, anywhere. Want to do the bridge walk? It鈥檚 five minutes away. Likewise Circular Quay. The proximity of the Opera House itself is self-evident, etc. etc.If you also select a basic room, bear in mind that some rooms have proper balconies with chairs, while others have much smaller balconies without chairs (even though the rooms appear to be of an almost identical size) - it鈥檚 therefore worth requesting a room with a proper balcony with chairs.The rooms are well-sized, with desk space, plus with extremely comfortable large beds and pillows. The bed linen is also top notch. The marble bathrooms are spacious, with a separate shower and good amenities.The soundproofing of the rooms is excellent, but one curious feature is that the bathroom extractor fans do not turn off (they are not at all loud, but you know how it is when you notice a noise that will not go away). Management confirmed that this was a design feature. My other minor gripe with the room was that the internet service had to be paid for. For a property at this price-point, I consider this to be an unnecessary irritant - and Park Hyatts are not consistent in this regard.Breakfast (included in only some room rates) features a great selection, including many cooked-to-order items. Both hotel restaurants, situated with Opera House views, offer excellent quality of food and elegant presentation. On one occasion the lunchtime service was slow but it was a minor complaint and the place was busy. The hotel also has a cosy and comfortable whisky bar with an open fireplace (or at least my wife tells me it does - I was sufficiently sloshed not to remember).The Park Hyatt鈥檚 spa is a little disappointing, being both tiny and disjointed. Showers are on one floor and the sauna and steam room on another, making it a bit of an effort to cool off afterwards.Bell boys are super friendly and very quick to help with taxis, luggage etc. With the exception of a dim receptionist who allocated us a room with an inferior balcony, when the next door room with a large one was vacant, the overall quality and friendliness of staff was excellent.If you are willing to swallow the expenditure, I don鈥檛 think you鈥檒l find a better option in Sydney than the Park Hyatt.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	2	5	4	

<Author>Whitefern
<Content>Don't bother ! How disappointing. We have visited Sydney on a number of occassions and always promised we would treat ourselves to the Park Hyatt, overlooking the Opera House. What a disappointment! Hugely overpriced ($700+ per night RO) for what you get. I have stayed in other Hyatt hotels and assure you this is the WORST. Rooms are small and grubby and the service is dreadful. Even trying to get fresh milk and tea bags from Housekeeping was like getting blood from a stone. We all know hotel phone charges are high, but a $5 charge wether or not you actually make a connection?! $30 for internet connection! Its free in the cafe across the road in the Rocks. After an awful breakfast with dreadful service we tried a number of cafes in the Rocks, it was 1/4 the price, better and included freewire internet service. Best recommendation for breakfast id the Patisserie My advise.. try an independant hotel in the Rocks or even the Mantra hotel is better on Bond St.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	1	2	

<Author>FGD23
<Content>A perfect 10! If you enjoy luxury, impecable service, spacious rooms, location, and amazing views this hotel is for you. It does come with a price tag attached to it I must say. My wife and I had an amazing stay at this prime property in the best part of Sydney. Enjoy a glass of wine at the Harbour Bar while looking at the Opera House light up at sunset... priceless.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kirkychat
<Content>Amazing, gorgeous, fantastic!!! This is absolutely the best hotel I have every stayed in. We booked a suite with a view of the Opera House and I was completely blown away by the views... just magnificent. And the room was so luxurious with everything you could possibly ask for. The service and friendliness of the staff was second to none, the food was excellent and the concierge we spoke to when we asked for help to get about and see the sights was so kind and attentive. I can't think of a single thing I could criticise - it was absolutely as perfect as it could possibly have been!!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pussyagogo
<Content>Gorgeous! Had a lovely stay here- from the minute we arrived until the moment we left- which says a lot for the quality of service on arrival and departure. The front office guys were very professional- one even took the time to get the details of our arrival taxi for me when we heard something drop but could find nothing on the ground. I think that in particular got us off to a great start. Obviously the rooms are fabulous and the outlook impossible to fault- er... our opera house view was on a slight angle rather than straight on? But the true pleasure for me came from watching the ferrys come and go against the back drop of the sunny opera house. It was all so Australian Crawl meets Ken Done and a truly Sydney experience. I was mindful of not expecting absolute robotic perfection from the human staff (hard not to when paying so much) and that is the one tip I would give anyone to ensure a really great time.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MissyManila
<Content>great view actually this is my dream hotel... i like the location of this hotel, in the Rocks/ Circular Quay... facing the famous Sydney Opera House that i admire so much... the downfall, as expected is, its really expensive... sydney shangri-la hotel's price is more reasonable that this...can't imagine my husband will pay that much for my dream hotel... it's an experience that's worth keeping especially when i think about the price... definitely the luxury of life... staff members are not that friendly though... but the room and view are perfect...  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	2	3	

<Author>codobai
<Content>The best views of the harbour The hotel's location cannot be beaten. It's an easy walk to the train station at Circular Quay. The biggest selling point is the waterfront views. The cityscape, the Opera House, the Bridge, and the water are just picture-perfect from our balcony. It's worth every dollar. The unique thing is that although the hotel is in the midst of the tourist sites, it's quietly tucked away on a small lane. The only noise you'll hear is the boat traffic and the chimes from the clock tower but it's a pleasant one. Don't forget to visit he pool on the rooftop. The views from there under the night sky is absolutely spectacular! We would love to come back but it's a long flight from America!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>JoeyAJ
<Content>A wonderful experience My wife and I booked into this hotel for a special occasion, and being Sydney locals we expected it to live up to our expectation of being the best hotel in the city. We stayed over the easter holiday and we were treated to an upgrade. The staff were charming and friendly - not overly engaging which suits us - but they were readily available when we needed them and the concierge arranged a booking in a hard-to-get restaurant. The hotel restaurant was terrific for lunch and quite good value- the Harbour Kitchen for breakfast is a simply stunning way to start your day. The room - an Opera suite- was contemporary and stylish and we had ample room for our several guests that visited.The location is without peer if you are after an iconic Sydney visit, with the Opera House and Harbour Bridge bursting into view at every opportunity. Great walks from here-with train and ferry a pleasant stroll away if you were so inclined. The hotel was frequented by visiting celebrities but the staff spent no more time with them than they did with us. We had a wonderful time and see the Hyatt as easily the best 5 star hotel in Sydney  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Garota05
<Content>Fanastic Location.... The Park Hyatt is the place to stay if you're after a luxurious, beautiful hotel that is right on the harbour.In saying that, when you are paying $700 a night for a hotel room, I think that the internet should be free people!! My hubby used the internet for around 15 mins and we were charge $25 for it.The only other gripe I had was the breakfast. For $45, my poached eggs were completely hard and tasted only of vinegar - a little disappointing considering the price. In saying that, the perfect view of sydney harbour and the opera house while eating my hard vinegary eggs made it all ok.The rooms are big and the furniture is just lovely.The bathrooms are great and the electric curtains/shutters are awesome!I would definately recommend people who are after something special to stay here - there is nothing that compares to the location and the view...  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>dc_irl
<Content>Fabulous Location - but you pay for it We stayed in this hotel for the last 2 nights of our honeymoon. We picked it purely for the location and it didn't disappoint. However, I think the prices are a little high for what you get. The room, although extremely luxurious was a little small and it definitely is a little dated. The restaurant was fab though and I would definitely recommend eating there one of the nights - they have a cheaper restaurant - the harbour kitchen which is practically as good and you can still avail of those fabulous views. It is also worth checking out the pool on the roof which is heated and jacuzzi also for the views. The only negative comment is that we got a letter from them a few weeks later saying we had omitted to pay for an item out of the mini bar and they had took the liberty of charging us $15 ! I thought for a five star hotel, that was unnecessary.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Missshopper
<Content>Wonderful location, great views! This hotel has a perfect location! We booked an Opera View room and we were not disappointed by the view! It is within walking distance to much dining and stores in the Rocks area. We felt very safe there at night walking around also.The room itself was nice but nothing out of the ordinary for the price ($700+ a night). You are paying for the view which we felt was worth it.I had written the hotel two letters ahead of time saying we were celebrating special occasions (our son's wedding in Australia, my birthday, and our anniversary) but they did nothing for us which most hotels will have something to honor this. I did write about this in my comments card and found an apology letter when I got home from the manager saying it wasn't on my reservation. This could not be true, unless someone did not record it, as I sent it twice and all the other hotels on our trip responded to this.As we had an early sightseeing tour one day and an early flight the next, we ordered room service which was on time but pricey. We also had a drink in their lounge which was very pricey ($18 a drink). I would chose this hotel again as I felt you cannot get a better view or location!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>oscar505
<Content>Marvelous service, perfect location Even better than the location of the Park Hyatt Sydney is the service. The concierge staff was extraordinary in their efforts to meet any request and provide any service, including giving minor first aid to our scared toddler. They secured a private driver for us, recommended restaurants, gave helpful transportation advice and helped in many ways.The rooms were very good, looking out at the Circular Quay and (from the balcony) the Opera House. I enjoyed just watching the light change on the view by the hour. And the location, tucked under the base of the Harbor Bridge, at the edge of The Rocks, gives quick access to restaurants, shopping, water taxis, ferries and walks on or across the bridge.Only small nits: the connecting doors between our rooms could not be unlocked, so gave us the potential of having kids locked in one room and adults in another if they inadvertently closed the door - which they did once! The hotel restaurant's breakfast was good, but other meals and room service offered sort of ho-hum choices. But the proximity to other good food made this less of an issue.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>salbags
<Content>Expensive, but great position We stayed in an Opera House, harbour view room for 2 nights when we first arrived in Sydney and it was definitely worth it for the position and the views.The pool is very dissapointing as it loses the sun early and it would have been nice to have relaxed by the pool in the late afternoon. Also it was not clean and there was no drink service.We did not eat in the hotel as it is surrounded by fantastic restaurant bars and cafe's at half the price.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>delphis1
<Content>loved the room  We just spent 3 days/ 2 nights in sydney, had the premier suite and an adjoining room, the rooms are beautiful. The butler service and room service were fantastic. However on our first night we ordered in-room service to which we had to send the childrens meals back as they werent cooked properly, our meals were average but cold, we then ordered our breakfast being 3x full harbourkitchen breakfasts which were missing fruit salad. on the 3day we ordered another 2x breakfasts of the same as prior, we got our fruit salads but the hot breakfast wasnt hot at all. So the stay was fantastic just the food was a disappointment to us all.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SWT22
<Content>Big rooms / Trendy Atmosphere / Good Location / Excellent Service The Park Hyatt Hotel offers big rooms, a pleasant contemporary atmosphere, a magnificent location, and particularly remarkable service (their concierge is very helpful, and their limo service is very reliable). Room service and housekeeping may be a little below average for that type of hotel.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>DeeMooner
<Content>Fantastic! My husband and I stayed here for the last night of our honeymoon. On arrival we experienced the same great personalised check in as other reviewers, and were shown to our deluxe opera king room, which had a great balcony which looked directly onto the opera house. No amount of money could buy such a great view! A few moments later, we were given a bottle of champagne, which we enjoyed on our balcony and then on the roof, where we sat in the sun and swimmed. Breakfast in the morning was enjoyed on our balcony - great Vanilla/Blueberry pancakes! Would thoroughly reccommend this hotel to anyone - it is by location and service seemingly one of the best in Sydney, if not the best.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bigbird01
<Content>Great View The hotel has the best location in Sydney. You wake up in the morning and open the window and you have the opera house looking back at you. I was lucky enough to have a clear view but some rooms don't. This is a good hotel and i want to give it 5 stars but i can't. The service was good, the food was good but the place lacked any real atmosphere. Also the premium you are paying for it's location is quite high.The room was very modern and quite trendy, nice Lcd Tv, great bathroom, everything you would expect.The SPA is not really a SPA is has some treatmnents and a nice plunge pool on the roof. While this was nice it did not feel 5 star, and it had a slightly forgoten feel to it.Overall: best location in Sydney, good rooms, good service but not worth the premium you are paying.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>talkative
<Content>Fabulous except for the cooling We stayed for two nights in January. we had an opera house view room  the view was superb. the bed was good - furniture very comfortable  the bathroom huge if a little dated. house keeping was good. the food in the restaurant  the views from the restaurant were both fabulous.our only gripe was that the air con wasn't working when we arrived - we later heard it had been out for 24hrs. we were not warned it wasn't working when we arrived. infact we were shown how to use it  told it took a while to work !5hrs in to our stay when we rang to complain about how hot our room was we were told the air con was temporarily down but engineers were repairing it. 8hrs in to our stay it was still not working - we asked  got a fan. 24hrs in to our stay we called the duty manager to ask for a progress report. he or she did not speak to us but let his/her secretary deal with us. we learnt that the air con would not be up and running till after we'd left the hotel. when we asked for compensation we were referred to reception who were very helpful.this was all handled badly. i don't expect to be mislead by a hotel of this quality when i'm paying such a lot of money and i also expect the duty manager to have the courtesy of dealing with me when there is a real problem with how the hotel is running.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>boston6_8guy
<Content>Perfect Stay Except for One Annoyance My husband and I stayed here for our last night in Sydney, as part of our honeymoon. I must say I have never seen a more beautiful and luxurious hotel, in all of my travels. The location is to die for, and the staff are incredibly nice and attentive. I almost fell over when the reception agent walked us to our room, and made sure everything was to our liking. An incredible hotel, a gorgeous room, and a stunning bathroom without a doubt. And, the automatic shades were cool, but didn't close 100% (and you can't move them by hand.) BUT, there was one REALLY annoying thing, that totally knocked one owl face off of my rating. They charged us $11 to make a 1.2 minute call to a local number. HELLO!? If people are paying over $500 a night for a hotel room, do you charge them to pick up the phone for 1.2 minutes, to call a friend in the same city? I was amazed at something so thoughtless/greedy/silly. So, I hope your stay is as great as ours, but stay away from the phones! Don't even look at 'em, or you may get some obnoxious charge! And, uh, the breakfast is $45 each. I don't know what they was serving, but it couldn't have been that delicious. The view, though, is unbelievable, with the sound of waves under the restaurant when the windows are open...  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Boffybloke
<Content>Things to do before you snuff it !!!       View from our room - one aspect that is  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>margykf
<Content>Arrival in Sydney Sydney from London at Christmas time is not the easiest of trips! You are over tired and harassed by all those last minute jobs. But after a long and disturbed journey (a family with hacking coughs and small children in adjacent seats) it was an enormous joy to arrive at this excellent hotel. The welcome was efficient and peaceful and apart from a change of room, due to a previous occupant having been a big smoker, something I find unbelievable in this age, that someone would do to a glorious hotel room with a view to the Opera House across the water. We were given a delightful harbour view, large room with every calm comfort that you could want. The magic of the ferry boats crossing the harbour on an unusually wet and cloudy day have lulled our jet lagged bodies.The Park Hyatt offers a fantastic way to be introduced to Australia.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Longdrive
<Content>excellent hotel in a great loaction       It evens looks better at night  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bo94114
<Content>Under whelmed Stayed for 3 nights in a city harbour view room. Don鈥檛 be expecting the view shown on the website with this category of room. I had to lean over the railing and look to the left to see the Opera House. Loved the balcony and would of loved to sit out there but the seat cushions were soiled and the table was less than clean.The room itself was OK. Loved all the shelves. The lights in them do make the top surface warm so watch what you place on them. The automatic curtains would not close all the way. The light wood is pleasant but it shows every mar and scuff. The bed was one of the most uncomfortable I have experienced. I think the pillow topper was missing as it was very firm. Even our friends that came to our room made mention of it so I knew it was not just us. The bedside clock did not have a light so you could not tell the time after dark. Huge bathroom with great amenities. Slight mildew issue at the base of one of the glass walls in the shower. Toilet seat opening is quite large so beware. Some of the TV channels came in less than focused. Wonderful closet. Common areas were good with the exception of the area near the bar that smelled of stale smoke. The Staff are beyond wonderful! They are some of the best I have ever encountered.They along with the location are what make this hotel. If you put the building anywhere else it would not command such a price.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>teambloopy
<Content>Wow We spent the first two nights of our honeymoon here and loved every secd. Great location, great views, beautiful room and staff willing to do anything possible to help. We were given a bottle of champagne, strawberries and chocolates to start our wedding night off in a most romantic way which was a nice touch. Not something we could afford to do regularly but certainly worth it for a special occasion.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>OzOlive
<Content>Great Business Hotel Stayed two nights in a Deluxe King on a business trip. Excellent door service and concierge. Hotel reception managed to juggle bookings to get me in for an extra night. Unfortunately I had to leave and spend my last night in Four Seasons as Sydney was almost fully booked.Great room - lots of space. Good data connections, nice desk and comfortable seat to work from. Comfy bed, pillows and linens. Turn down service excellent. Fantastic location in the Rocks on edge of Circular Quay - great views of Opera House and Harbour Bridge (unfortunately I got the cheaper corporate room facing one of the bridge pillars). Good windows which block road noise from Harbour Bridge.However, I was glad I wasn't paying - cold buffet breakfast (ok) was AUD40 p/p. 500ml bottle of water in room AUD12, 3 minute phone call interstate AUD22. Minor niggles include slow service at breakfast which is a pain when on business and in a rush. Also - all mirrors were really dusty, ditto top shelves in walk in robe where pllows kept.If you have to stay in Sydney on business and you're not paying - book to stay at the Park Hyatt. It makes working away fom home easyGood tip for a cool restaurant is Sailors Thai restarant (upstairs) - perfect Thai food at long refectory tables - great way to meet interesting people and affordable, despite top location in the Rocks. PS - try a Gelati from the stand on Circular Quay - perfect way to end the evening overlooking the Opera House!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	5	5	

<Author>gully1
<Content>Excellent hotel - unbeatable location  My wife Chrissy  I stayed twice at the Sydney Park Hyatt on our recent holiday to Australia arriving on 5th July to the 10th of July and 1 last night of the 17th of July. The holiday was to get off to a bad start at London Heathrow with the cancellation of our flight on the 3rd July due to a security scare, BA managed to get us on a Qantas flight the next day but despite flying 鈥淔irst鈥?we spent the first night in Terminal 4 Baggage Reclaim vainly trying to recover our baggage. On arrival at Sydney we were advised the luggage was not on board. Imagine our horror in that we were arriving the evening of the 5th July to the Sydney Park Hyatt in clothes that we had worn for 2 days already. My wife Chrissy and I have nothing but admiration for everyone at the Park Hyatt in that we were greeted warmly and the Concierge Team of Cameron, Chris, Andrew  Patrick swung into action immediately day  night seemingly chasing our baggage through Qantas Baggage Services. All the way through our stay we were addressed with our names without prompting  after 4 days in Sydney my wife Chrissy was reunited with her luggage. Needless to say that the Concierge Team never gave up chasing my luggage  despite moving on to Lilianfels in the Blue Mountains for 2 nights  The Beach Club in Hamilton Island for 5 nights. On our return to the Park Hyatt we were greeted with an immediate update on my baggage status from Cameron in Concierge. Never before in our stays in hotels of all standing has my wife or I experienced customer satisfaction  attention to detail as shown by these guys. As to the hotel itself, the bell hops are very dutiful  attentive, greeting us by name on both initial greetings  subsequent greetings during the stay. They were very prepared to organise a taxi which was a past reviewers concern. Daniel on reception initially checked us in with a relaxed but efficient style that was very much appreciated after what we had endured the previous few days. We were shown to our Opera King Deluxe Room 212 which definitely had the wow factor, Daniel showed us round the room facilities finally retracting the main curtains and sheer drapes electronically revealling the signature view of the Opera House, fantastic. The bed must have been 7 foot wide  it was extremely comfortable, supportive  good for your back, it was without doubt best bed we had in Ozzie. It was nice to wake up, turn over  take in the view from the bed viewing through both patio doors as the Opera King Deluxe Rooms have 2 patio doors  balconies. Breakfast is taken in the main restaurant with views overlooking the Circular Quay  the Opera House, on weekends a buffet is provided, on weekdays hot meals are waiter service. A good choice is also available in cereals, fresh fruits, danish pastries, croissants  toasted bread of various kind plus cheeses  hams  fruit juices. Restaurant manager Lucinda oversees the restaurant extremely well catering both business people  holidaymakers. Lunch  Dinner in the hotel provide an excellent array of choices including vegetarian options which if for some reason other choices are required Lucinda or the Concierge Team are only too happy to discuss on your behalf with the chef. The rooftop pool in spring, summer  autumn time provides a pleasant location to cool down  unwind with bridge views, although in winter the temperatures may prove too challenging, it was for us anyway? The spa provides all year round facilities  is located in the roof top area. It should be appreciated that July 2007 has provided the coldest winter month for NSW  Queensland for many years, our time at Hamilton Island was affected by colder than usual weather also.General Manager Marlene Poynder can be congratulated for running an exceptional hotel; her management style certainly seems to get the best out of her management team  staff alike. She can be found most mornings in the breakfast room talking to clients  reviewing facilities, she is a lovely lady. Our time at the Sydney Park Hyatt was above expectation  on both stays in the holiday (we returned for 1 last night immediately before returning home); without doubt we would return to this hotel again when we are next in Sydney. We would also look to have the Opera King Deluxe rooms again as these do seem to have the best views  square footage per AUD.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>littllebabyneko
<Content>Absolutely top notch in every wat We were lucky enough to stay here for our wedding night and I'm glad to say that it was perfection. We got a Opera View room and were allowed to check in an hour early so that everyone could get their hair and makeup done (although they would not commit to this until that morning which added a bit of nerves).The room itself was an Opera View room with a lovely view of the Opera House. I am very particular with my hotel rooms but I can honestly say that this was perfectly appointed with everything I could ever want! The bathroom was huge and had a separate bath and there was a sizeable walk in closet where I could hang up my wedding gown. The leather chair with foot stool was gorgeous (I really wanted one for myself, I saw one for $4,000 at David Jones) and the TV had a great selection of channels. Rooms are very well soundproofed which helps on a Saturday night when people walk past the hotel. When we came back from our reception at midnight we were greeted with Lindor balls, strawberries and sparkling wine.The next morning we awoke for the breakfast and if I can be critical, this was a smaller selection of breakfast goodies than I have previously seen at other breakfast buffets. The food was a little disappointing and the fruit was quite unripe and hard. I've actually had a wide standard of meals at the Park Hyatt from hideous (think Deb instant mash and microwaved thawed meat) to sublime (the Good Good Month dessert menu).Other than that, the Park Hyatt has wonderfully accomodating service and the rooms are absolutely top notch with stunning views and the best Sydney has to offer.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>W0zza
<Content>Bravo! Had the pleasure of staying at the Hyatt Sydney in May 2007 and would recommend this Hotel. This is a thoroughly modern, luxurious, business hotel with spacious rooms  tastefully furnished decor - in a fantastic location. Views from some of the rooms of the Opera house, the Harbour, Bridge and downtown are unbeatable especially if you are lucky weatherwise. Very conveniently located within walking distance of a huge array of pubs, clubs, restaurants and downtown. Staff service is outstanding and did meet quite a few of the management team during my short stay. Arrived early at the hotel desperately needing a shower before heading straight to a meeting 鈥?and was pleasantly surprised! Not only was the room ready but the hotel team had taken the trouble to prepare breakfast 鈥?served in the room! Compliments to Mr. Fredrik Harfors  his team鈥?How I wish this could be replicated elsewhere in Australia.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Venus2
<Content>Perfect hotel to end a great vacation We stayed one night at this hotel after spending three weeks traveling in Australia . We really enjoyed the Park Hyatt with the spectacular views of the Opera House. We took many photos. The bed was extremely comfortable and the bathroom was roomy. The staff was friendly and their assistance was very helpful when we had trouble playing the DVD player. We would definitely stay here again. It was a great end to a beautiful vacation in a wonderful country.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Philipat
<Content>Location Actually Stayed for 4 nights in April as part of a wedding anniversary trip to Australia. I can't really imagine why this hotel does not rank #1 in SYD because it really is excellent. We were able to lie in bed, open curtains electronically and have a direct view of the Opera House and Harbour. If we wanted a closer view, the balcony awaited. The Rocks area is just afew minutes walk and many great restaurants are literally just outside the back door. Australia's oldest church, originally constructed for British forces, and therefore named the Garrison church, was also just a 10 minute stroll away on Easter Sunday morning.The restaurant is great, the front office staff exceptional as are the concierge staff.In summary, the location is perfect and the ambience one of relaxed luxury.Of course, all of this comes with a price but the consistent theme in all of my reviews is not price but value for money and this property, despite the very high price, passes the value test.It is truly an exceptional property and if you can afford the price, I would not recommend staying anywhere else in Sydney.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>grm
<Content>Wonderful We stayed in April at the beginning of a month long visit to Australia. The hotel has stunning views of the Opera House and is connected to nearby harbor attractions by a promenade at the hotel's front door. The rooms are very very nice. An excellent choice.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JennyinSeoul
<Content>Great hotel We stayed here for two nights - the first two of our honeymoon in australia and it was everything we hoped it would be. We arrived early (7am) and although a room wasn't ready for us we were able to shower and change in the spa and left our luggage. They said they would call when our room was ready, which they did at about 11am. We found the service to be very good and we were given a comlimentary bottle of champagne for our honeymoon. Our room was spacious with a great view of the Opera House. The bathroom was one of the best that we have had in a hotel room. We had no problem in getting a taxi from outside the hotel, even at 8.30am to get back to airport. The door staff were very helpful and the concierege good in recommending a restaurant. The only negative comment was the price - although it is a wonderful hotel in the best location I do not think it justifies the prices charged, if it was not for it being our honeymoon we could not have justified the cost.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	2	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Big_Blue_Traveller
<Content>Good and Bad In Quick Succession The Park Hyatt was our landing point in Australia and also where we returned for one night after a trip to the Blue Mountains and it was almost very good indeed.We first arrived late and tired after 24 hours travelling from the UK and were efficiently and courteously welcomed and shown to our room. Opening the curtains after dark showed why the Hyatt charges a premium, even for Sydney. We had a Opera King and right there in front of us was the floodlit Opera House, a fantastic view.The Hotel is well situated for most things you would want in Sydney and has all the right facilities - free internet (for first 30 mins although no one seemed to be checking) business like staff, a decent restaurant with great views etc, and the rooms are good sized and pretty well equipped.We ate there one night and the meal was pretty good, although there was a bit of a wait between courses. To the staff's credit they picked this up and offered us complementary wine. The buffet breakfast is a little thin for the price - we headed for the Gum Nut Cafe on the second day - much better!We left thinking it was close to a 5. However, when we returned, things were not so great.As we were only staying one night and had an early start we only booked a City/Harbour view room, but were horrified to find ourselves in a room at the far end of the hotel with a view of a tree and a cafe kitchen. We expressed our views to the reception person who said she would look into it. We felt that for a hotel that trades on views the lack of any view from this one should have attracted some reduction.After 20 minutes of no response we headed back to reception to try and track her down - and ended up being handled by the overall Room Director as the original receptionist seemed to have disappeared. He arranged for us to move to a more central room with a view of Circular Quay and admitted that the room we had originally been allocated was often heavily discounted and complained about. However, the service did not really improve as the original girl re-appeared and asked if we would be moving our own bags along - no offer of a bell boy.With hindsight (and denied by the Room Director) we believe we got the duff room as we were checking out very early (6.30 for a flight to Uluru) after just one night and it was also the Bridge Birthday weekend, but the room we were given certainly could not really be called a room with a view.Overall, the Hyatt has got a great location, good facilities, some good staff and a high level of style. However, it was all rather impersonal and business orientated which for a hotel right on Sydney Harbour was slightly at odds with the location etc.If you want the best views in Sydney, and go for a minimum of an Opera view room - you will be fine, if poor! But don't expect a very intimate hotel.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	2	2	4	

<Author>lhapsie
<Content>Poor service BEFORE even staying there! On March 7 (12noon Sydney time) I faxed the hotel directly trying to get a special group reservation. My friend had special rates for guests attending his wedding. On March 8 (12noon Sydney time again), no response from the hotel, so I faxed them again.On March 9, no response from the hotel, so I called the hotel's reservations directly. Deanna (in reservations) said she did not see any faxes or reservation  told me that there was no information for wedding party rooms. However, we know for a fact that the person getting married HAS bought out most of the hotel from 4/18-4/22!I will be sending the General Mgr of the hotel a letter informing her of her hotel's shoddy (or lack of ) service. This could be an indication of bigger problems with frontline operations  service.(Ms.)Theo Fujiyoshi - Associated Travel-Honolulu, Hawaii  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>TravelingSoldier
<Content>Perfect End to our Wedding Stayed here on my wedding night. Reception had everything prepared and a bottle of champagne waiting. The room was quite spacious and from our balcony you could see the whole Oparah House. The bed was extremely comfortable. The bathroom was all marble and massive. The room had a modern and artistic look and feel. Room service was fast and excellent. It is located at the Rocks which is great for restaurants and shopping. Service was superb and second to none. This is truly the best hotel in Sydney. It is quite pricey, but if that does not matter book away!!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Wine_Merchant
<Content>Ripoff with a Smile This is a classic example of the best of times or the worst of times. The rack rate of AU$600 per night we paid for a Park King is in my long experience of hotel staying the biggest ripoff ever. A glorious location for a hotel where having paid AUS$600 for an early check in we were shown to a room that can only be described as a dungeon. A small window with an upward view of the Harbour Bridge. After complaining that this was totally depressing we were offered a room at the end of the long building that had a window looking at a tree and the street below. One could only envy those lucky guests who would enjoy the prettiest view in all of Sydney. A word of warning to all.. do not pay this kind of money for an ordinary hotel room just because your neighbors are enjoying themselves. Check out time is a ridiculous 11AM. An offer to stay until 13:00 was made for a charge of AU$130! Only after our frustration was made palpable did the same receptionist finally offer a later check out, complimentary. The nicest gesture made in 4 nights.Staff were polite if imperious. A sense of importance filled the air apart from the poor scum like us who had to hike to the far end of the hotel to our sad rooms. Probably the longest corridor in the western world being served by only one elevator!The price here compared to The Four Seasons is ludicrous. The restaurant/bar food was disgraceful as was the service. I had wanted to stay at this hotel for years. I regret having done so and strongly urge any potential guests to clarify completely the location and view of the room before putting down the hefty price for a room in this much overrated hotel. I am sure it can be glorious here if one is lucky enough to have the chips fall in the right place. They did not for us and we shall never return.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NickBB
<Content>Style  I have read some bad reviews on TA but it was excellent. Very professional and stylish. Good facilities, excellent service and a wonderful restaurant which I enjoyed over three days.Most of all, such amazing views in the best location of Sydney in a small, stylish hotel.(on the Rocks).Bravo!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelerLosGatos
<Content>Great Location For New Year's Eve! We stayed at this hotel in December for 7 nights. My husband is a Diamond Gold Passport member, so we used his points to get 2 rooms for the week. When we arrived, we were greeted by the door man, who was very nice! The woman who checked us in was great and even came to our rooms to show us around. She also included 2 Continental Breakfasts per room at no charge (a $160.00 AUD per day value) which we greatly appreciated.The rooms we had were on the first floor. For the Hyatt points the only choice was the City/Harbour views,which are beautiful, but one of our rooms also had a great view of the Opera House as well. The rooms are good sized with a large bathroom, and nicely decorated. As I was unpacking, I noticed the glass on the table next to the bed was VERY DIRTY with glass stains as well as some kind of sticky substance. This was also the case on the table next to the chair by the mirror, although this one was much dirtier! I cleaned the night stand table, but for curiosity, decided to not clean the table next to the chair. I wanted to see if the housekeeper in the morning cleaned it.. To our surprise she did not. This went on for several days. I told my family that the first housekeeper to clean this table we would give a $20 tip as well as inform the management of what a good employee this person was. Unfortunately, after 5 nights, no one did and my daughter could not take it any longer, so she cleaned it herself because she did not want it dirty when we celebrated New Year's Eve that night.The room service was great and the continental breakfast had a decent variety. The staff in the restaurant was hit and miss, however, there was one that especially terrific! We were lucky to get him as our waiter on New Years Eve Dinner!Also, one of the managers in the morning was great!We tried twice to have dinner at the hotel (not including New Years Eve), but one night no one would even acknowlege us (even after standing there for over 10 miuntes).On the night of the first of January, a nice woman greeted us . She told us that she did not have room in the restaurant, but if we did not mind waiting, we could have dinner in the bar. She told us to talk with the gentleman with dark black glassest there (she told us his name, but I can't remember it except that it started with a F). We approached him and when I repeated what she said, he RUDELY told us he had no room for us and tried to get us away from his area. On both of those nights we went to a nearby places to eat, which were EXCELLENT! Most dinners for five ran around $200AUD, but since the food was good, we did not mind spending the money.My daughter got sick one night and we called the hotel doctor. He recommended us to take her to a hospital called St Vincent. The only problem was that the hospital he told us to take her was for adults only (my husband told him she was ten years old). The hotel staff at the front desk, the door greeters, and the concierge were GREAT! Nicole the New Years Eve planner was wonderful!If you are in Sydney for New Years Eve, this is DEFINITELY the place to stay. The location is great!! We had dinner in the restaurant, which by the way was fantastic! After dinner we wanted to watch the 9pm fireworks, but were worried about the crowds, because the Rocks where the hotel is located is one of the best areas to see the fireworks. To our great surprise, the hotel blocks off the area in front of it to only hotel guests or people having dinner there. We had a fantastic view of the fireworks. It is so hard to describe how beautiful the fireworks were, especially the ones at midnightl. From the hotel, we were able to see the fireworks over Sydney Harbour Bridge, the Opera House, as well as fireworks coming from what appeared out of the buildings in downtown Sydney. If we came back here, I would stay for New Years whether we used Hyatt points or had to pay, because the experience is well worth it.If it were not for the POOR HOUSEKEEPING and INCONSISTENT RESTAURANT STAFF I would give this hotel a 5 star!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	2	5	4	4	

<Author>Prufreck
<Content>Sadly not quite good enough For a hotel of this calibre, not to mention price, we were disappointed with several aspects of our stay. The location and view may be inspiring from the guest rooms, but try getting a cab at any time of the day or night and the doorman will advise you to 'walk up the road and try at the Four Seasons; taxis don't like coming here!' Not a great recommendation for a five-star hotel, especially if you are wearing high heels. Our pre-booked morning newspaper failed to materialise and took 45 minutes to resolve; a pre-booked and much-needed massage appointment at the Spa was messed up and we were simply advised to 'come back later'. And the parting gift was an additional $75 bill, sent by mail, because the housekeeping staff had incorrectly tallied our minibar account.All in all it was a thoroughly ordinary experience, despite the view of the Opera House. If you are contemplating a stay at this hotel, consider the Four Seasons instead (where I have also stayed and had much better service)!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	5	3	4	2	3	

<Author>tintable
<Content>Location, Location, Location Stayed twice in November with mixed results. First room was spacious, clean, comfortable; second room (right next door) was more cramped with peeling paint on doors. For scenery, the location cannot be beaten, though being that far up The Rocks, it seems to be a steady procession of wedding party photos, joggers, and tourists. For a real Sydney experience, I might try another area next time.Service was mixed; the food and bar were solid, but the housekeeping was substandard. For a smaller hotel, it should have done a little better.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	3	5	

<Author>kateapple
<Content>Haughty reception, small rooms We're currently staying at the Park Hyatt Sydney. Our room (King with a view of the Opera House) wasn't available at 3pm check-in, so the receptionist invited us to have a snack in their restaurant for 20 minutes. She offered to pay for the snack and get us when the room was available. An hour later, the room was still unavailable - and the new person at reception said that we would need to pay for our tea and scones. The room is nothing special. The bath is cramped and outdated. The bellstaff are terrific -- but the rest of the staff need to be retrained.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	1	-1	1	

<Author>Tyrer
<Content>Great Place         
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>snow1234
<Content>Outstanding My husband and I recently stayed at this Park Hyatt for 5 nights and loved it! The location simply could not be better. The service and concierge was outstanding and the food at the Harbour Lounge Bar and Grill (hotel restaurant) is incredibly fresh, creative and delicious. Our room (Opera King Deluxe) was very spacious with 2 balconies, sliding glass doors and a postcard worthy view of the harbor and Opera House. It was hard to leave the room. This is a fantastic urban hotel. I have traveled the globe and my husband and I both agree this is one of our favorite city hotels.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>newspro
<Content>Location, Location, Location! We booked accommodations here based on recommendations from fellow travelers.There's no doubt that the Park Hyatt enjoys the best location in Sydney. It's why you book your admittedly expensive room here.After leaving through the hotel's rear door you're just steps away from some of Sydney's finest restaurants. And within sight and a short walk away, you'll find the handy Sydney ferries and a rail station at Circular Quay.Our king room, while not exuding the pure luxury of some other Park Hyatt properties inclduing their hotel in Tokyo, was good sized and comfortable although a bit dated. We really enjoyed the balcony with views of the world famous Sydney Opera House.With so many nearby local dining options we did not try the Hyatt's restaurant for dinner. We did have breakfast there one morning but it is pretty steep. $40 Australian for a continental and if you'd like made-to-order eggs with your meal, add another $5.We highly recommend a stay here and certainly enjoyed our five day stay.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>barolobrain
<Content>Nice rooms, good service and great location       A view of the Hotel near the Harbour Bridge  
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>kingsroadgal
<Content>Fantastic, totally up to date I stayed here with a little trepidation, because I was concerned that the hotel perhaps was just resting on its laurels. It has the most fantastic location in Sydney, but would the rooms live up to their high price???I was really impressed. We stayed in the Opera King Deluxe room, a huge room with a stunning view over the Opera House. The room was really well equipped with an enormous king bed and fabulous bedding. What luxury to go to bed with that Opera House view every night. I felt truly lucky. The room was always well-stocked, and the bathroom was large and luxurious (and I am picky about bathrooms!!)The food at the hotel is great. Definitely try to go for a rate where breakfast is included. Normally, the breakfast costs $40 AUD per person, and even at that price it is worth it. It is only a continental breakfast, but it is delicious. Lots of cheese, wonderful breads, and even a berry custard which tasted lovely for breakfast. All of this in a serene room with a great view over the harbor, and the lovely Opera House. I loved starting my day there. Room service was also wonderful, and the food quality was high.Using the computer at the business centre in the hotel was not cheap, but was worth it. It was quiet and private for any personal matters I needed to take care of.I loved this hotel, and will definitely return. Only complaints - we had a bodyguard sitting in the hall near our room for some VIP's on the floor (don't know who). It was tiring always having to greet this guy, night and day. Also, our bill was quite a mess, with all sorts of incorrect charges, due to our having booked this through AMEX Fine Hotels and Resorts where there were some freebies that were not handled properly.. It took a while to sort through, but in the end was resolved satisfactorily. This is the only place to stay in Sydney.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>westender
<Content>Welcome to the 80'S This is a bad five star hotel and I sincerely rccommend that you don't stay there. If it wasn't for the views then this hotel would not rank so highly. The hallways and rooms are like industrial units. I always rate service above decor and this place has just about the worst i've experienced (for the money). The Hyatt is a souless building run by flashy young things with too much responsibility. If we had our our time again we would stay at the Observatory or Shangri-la.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	5	5	1	1	-1	

<Author>mikie12
<Content>When In Sydney, You Must There may be more glamorous hotels in the world, but for all around comfort and location, the Park Hyatt Sydney cannot be improved upon. We have stayed in many stunning hotels, but there is something so captivating about this property, that although it is expensive, it is well worth the outlay. . Some years ago we were visiting Hawaii, and met some people that did a great deal of traveling for business. I remember being told that the Park Hyatt Sydney had a remote control to open the drapes while you were still in your bed. Crazy as it seems, that always stuck in my mind, and when we were going to be spending ten days in Sydney, I knew that was the place we had to stay. The Park Hyatt is in a great location in The Rocks area of Sydney. It is located right on the water of the harbor, positioned with perfect views of the Sydney Opera House, and walking distance to Circular Quay and most all points of interest. There are many fine restaurants just out the door facing the Quay. You will find restaurants serving everything from Italian, seafood, and Chinese food. No matter what you are looking for, this hotel is so convenient, it makes it the ultimate spot. The hotel is not a large one with just 160 rooms and suites ranging up to over 1200 square feet. The design of the building is curved, located at the edge of the Harbor Bridge. There is no doubt that it was shaped to fit into the scenery without being flashy. There is nothing about this hotel that is tasteless. It is simple elegance at its best. The lobby is total class! It is basically uncomplicated, all windows, marble floors and lovely artwork. It took just a short time to get checked in, as we were already reserved for 10 days. We had a standard room and were extraordinarily delighted with our accommodations. The room was about 450 square feet with a balcony overlooking the Quay and a pleasant panorama of the Opera House. The rooms are very luxurious with a king bed complete with all white linens, goose down duvet, and silk pillows and matching dust ruffle. It almost had an Egyptian feeling. The wall looking out on the deck is all glass. These are amazing because although it is quite busy in that area, you cannot hear a thing when the doors are closed. They are all double doors with double panes. Trust me, it is as quiet as you could imagine. We had a contemporary desk, large television, overstuffed chair, and Internet service in the room. Everything was simple and perfect. The closet was not just any closet, but probably the best one I have seen in a hotel. Not only was it a walk-in, but there were drawers, multiple shelves, and all kinds of places to put your things. The bathroom was very generous in size and amenities. It was all marble, had a glass shower, and a very big separate bathtub. The vanity was designed with two marble sinks and numerous drawers to stash all your cosmetics. Of course there was a hair dryer, plush robes, and tons of fluffy white towels. The amenities were the best lotions, shampoo, soaps, and of course even an emery board was included. Nothing was missing in this bathroom. The dining room is called The Harbor Kitchen And Bar. It has won many awards and the food is excellent. Everything is a la Carte, so it can get expensive. We ate breakfast there a few times, and dinner a couple of nights, but there are so many places to eat in Sydney we didn鈥檛 want to just eat at the hotel. One very interesting thing about this dining room is it is right on the waterfront. Again, the glass theme continues, and the windows actually pull up so you have a feeling of being outdoors. There is also an intimate bar on the main floor. There is an excellent exercise facility, and the pool is on the roof. We enjoyed going to the pool, as it was usually not crowded and very cozy. You had the feeling you were in a place that few had visited. I love this hotel, and actually hated to leave. I find that this is the benchmark of all hotels we stay in. Although I have stayed in some that are fancier, this one takes the cake for class, but not snobby. The staff is friendly and we felt we were not so much in a hotel, but a home. The Park Hyatt in Sydney is an example of what a luxury hotel should be! And yes, there was a remote control for the drapes!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CuzICan
<Content>Magnificient Truly an exceptional property with the views being the strongest draw. Our room was on the 3rd level in the middle of the hotel and upon opening my eyes in bed , opening the curtains, there was the fabulous Opera House in full majestic view, so close it almost looked like I could reach out and touch it. We were in Sydney for the recent short hail storm and the sky before the storm was a multi-color hue of blues and oranges reflecting around the Opera House, just fabulous.The rooms are nice, elegant with marble baths and modern furnishings. We had 3 in the Opera View king and it was a little small but for 2 would be perfect size. Refurbishing the exterior hallway carpet, or a good cleaning, is the only shortfall I saw. The staff were all helpful, friendly and welcoming. A short walk from wharf, CBD and many restaurants. Worth every dollar of the cost.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>None123456789
<Content>Awesome Excellent hotel. I cannot say enough good things about The Park Hyatt Sydney. The location was perfect, the rooms are magnificent and the hotel staff is beyond exceptional. They even upgraded our room, twice, just because we asked. The conceirge went out of his way to help us with local attractions. It's pricey, but worth every dollar spent. I would never stay anywhere else on my next visit to Sydney.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sydney2
<Content>Beautiful location, great hotel but make sure you get confirmation. We stayed at the Park Hyatt Sydney this weekend for my first anniversary. The hotel was in the most wonderful location. It was modern  very beautiful. Staff were exceptionally friendly  welcoming. We had a lovely weekend  didn't have to go far at all to enjoy the beauty of Sydney.  An important note however please ensure you receive confirmation of your booking, including confirmation number, the room set-up and the view you are going to have. I originally booked the room through the internet. I printed off the confirmation page  was expecting an email confirmation as is common these days. After a few days of not receiving confirmation I called the hotel  was told I did not have a reservation. When I looked at the printout I realised that the panel on the right hand side of the page that had my confirmation details did not print. Only the main page did. I made another booking direct with the hotel (AU $50 a night more than the internet price) and was told that I was booked into a king room with a nice view. When I arrived on the weekend I was told by the concierge that we were in fact booked into a twin room. The only room with a King Bed was a Delux room. The hotel offered to upgrade us witha discount off the upgrade price but we still ended up paying AU150 an extra more a night. Being out first anniversary we took the upgrade. The room was very nice  we had a lovely view of the bridge  luna park. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. I would however also recommend that you have some confirmation of your reservation, room setup  view(note: rooms at the back of the hotel don't appear to have any view).  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>memorable weekend We had a delightful time being tourists in our own town with a weekend stay at this lovely, low key hotel with stunning views and charming staff.Well worth the expense for a weekend we will always remember.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MissTravelAlot
<Content>The Ultimate special occasion Stayed in this hotel septemer 2006. I had just sold my business, so wanted a special few days to celebrate. We statyed in an Opera King Deluxe Suite. It lived up to our expectations and beyond. If you want a view, this is the hotel. The rooms are great. The bathrooms are getting a little tatty there was some peeling wallpaper. But overall theyre marble and massive in size. The staff were beyond helpful without being intimidating. The only thing that didnt live up to the standard of the hotel was the day spa. They seem to have squashed it into some poky little rooms. Overall I would highly reccomend this hotel. The only one weve stayed in thats better is Versace on the gold coast.  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>!!
<Content>Understated, Classy, Unbeatable Location. We stayed here for 5 nights with our 6 year old son. The Rolling Stones had checked out a day or two before we arrived. Car transfer from airport worth every penny. The exterior of the hotel is low key almost to the point of dowdy; interiors understated, classy but a little faded. This Grande Dame could probably do with a bit of a makeover but the location is unbeatable and dripping in 'wow' factor. Our room had a direct view of the Opera House. Spacious and well-appointed with plenty of room for an extra single bed. Breakfast in the waterfront restaurant simple but delicious although at times the staff seemed to struggle a bit with the guest traffic (we were there over Easter and the hotel had full occupancy). A leisurely 20 minute stroll round to the Opera House and then on to The Botanic Gardens. 5 mins from Sydney Harbour Bridge. Ferries to the Zoo, Manly Beach and others en route to Opera House. Museum of Contemporay Arts (currently showing the Sam Taylor-Wood exhibition) a short stroll away. The Rocks market on a Saturday is behind the hotel. Fantastic bars and restaurants within moments of the front door. Rooftop pool small but perfectly formed and a great place for bat-spotting at dusk.Cannot recommend highly enough. May not apeal to high-fashion style seekers as low on glam factor but unbeatable choice for seeing the sights and very child friendly. Undeniably pricey.By the way, we did notice that there is a very good-looking Holiday Inn tucked in just behind the Park Hyatt - prob won't have the views but also a fantastic location for seeing all of the above and no doubt a lot less expensive.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Xmas and NY Eve Holiday 2006 FANTASTIC A trip of a lifetime! Spent two glorious weeks at the Sydney Park Hyatt for xmas and ny celebration! Arriving at 1am, not a problem - easy and friendly check in. Anything needed, not a problem! Best location for NY Fireworks Celebration w/a complimentary bottle of bubbly! Convenient location to all public transportation and concierge well prepared for ANY questions, even for a Harley ride and tattoo shop ;-)  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Rocket88
<Content>Five Star View We stayed at the Park Hyatt for 5 nights in March 2006 and here is what we observed:-There may be a nick or two in the furniture and it could use some exterior touch-up paint but make no mistake about it-this is truly a 5 star property.-The main reason you would stay here is the excellent location and the stunning knock-your-socks-off view of the harbour and Opera House. For this they get big bucks. But if you're not going to have a room with a view you would be better off staying somewhere else.-We stayed in balcony room 334 (top floor-level #4)and had a full straight-on view of the Opera House and a slightly-angled view of the downtown area. Most of the rooms to the left of room 333 (i.e. #332 down to about #300) have great city views but only a lateral view of the Opera House (everything over the hotel lobby is in this category) so if you want to sit on the balcony and take in the Opera House and the harbour views while having cocktails or pre-dinner snacks as we did every night you would have to lean over the railing and look sideways to see the Opera House. Rooms to the right of #335 down to around #354 have full Opera House views and partial bridge views but no city views. Rooms to the right of about #354 have only partial or no Opera House view. Rooms at the other end of the S-shaped hallway toward the bridge have Opera House views as well as bridge views. Then there are some rooms with just water views but without the Opera House or bridge or city. The rooms on floors 2 and 3 presumably would have the same setup but I didn't see them. The best thing to do is call the hotel directly on one of the dial around numbers like 1010987 and you can confirm for yourself the exact view of the rooms-it only costs about $2USD to talk for about 10 minutes. Don't waste your time calling the Hyatt toll-free central reservation number--they haven't the foggiest idea of the layout of the rooms or which way they face. The hotel's direct number from the US is 011-61-2-9256-1101.-Speaking of balconies, every third room facing the water has only a small semicircular balcony with no chairs or tables so if you plan on using the balcony on a regular basis you should consider the rooms with the larger balconies with furniture. Also, the top floor (level #4)balconies have a pergola-type overhang which lets rain and other things falling from the sky onto the balcony. If it's raining you couldn't use it and if it rains at night the chair cushions will be wet the next day. However, the balconies on the first and second floors (levels 2 and 3) have a fully-covered overhang from the balcony above.-The balcony rooms also have double sliding and locking glass doors which removes 100% of the noise of the harbour.-We arrived by cruise ship which docked at the overseas passenger terminal only a 3 minute walk away. I walked over to the hotel and got the bellman to come over in the hotel car to pick up our luggage and take it back to the hotel.-The hotel has a convenient location for many Sydney sights-10 minutes to the BridgeClimb office -5 minutes to the weekend market at The Rocks -20 minutes to the Opera House -10 minutes to Circular Quay -10 minutes to the Hero of Waterloo pubThe congierge staff is first class-they can arrange the BridgeClimb or set up private tours to Hunter Valley or the Blue Mountains using their recommended guides and drivers. They will also make a heavy-duty electrical converter/adapter available for your appliances.-The only negative we found was the exorbitant price of breakfast. Easily to overcome-there are several sidewalk cafes in the Rocks and along Circular Quay that are a 5-10 minute walk away. Additionally, there are several lunch and dinner restaurants right outside the harbourside hotel entrance.-When going to the airport the hotel can set you up with their limo for $90 or you can just have them get a street taxi for about $40.-When checking in I asked for and received a further 10% senior citizens discount off the room rate. At these prices that paid for our wine tour to Hunter Valley.-In summary, this is all about location and 5 star views. I thought it was worth it. You'll remember the view the rest of your life.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cotswoldstraveller
<Content>best location in Sydney Park Hyatt Sydney 鈥?stayed in October 2005 for 2 nights 鈥?have stayed before and will stay again 鈥?probably the best Hyatt I鈥檝e ever stayed in and given it鈥檚 stunning location probably the best high end hotel for tourists in Sydney 鈥?the rooms are large and well equipped with many having the best views in Sydney. It鈥檚 a modern hotel but well done and the competent band attentive staff make it a really excellent experience  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BryceCurdy
<Content>Location, location, location Well actually 4 and a half out of 5.The location is simply unbeatable. I found the staff very helpful despite the comments of at least one other reviewer. Early check in was no problem and I had specifically asked for a good view of the Harbour Bridge which we definitely got. The rooms are excellent. We ate once in the restaurant and had a very nice if slightly pricey lunch.Only two criticisms. The rooftop pool is very small. There is only a total of ten loungers. Secondly some of the rooms (about a third) have only very small balconies with no seating.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ithaki
<Content>Cool weekend Have not stayed here for years but were impressed with our reception. An early check-in was no problem even though an early business meeting meant we did not require this. Divine room with balcony view onto the inner harbour. We stayed a long weekend and it was a delight to observe all of the weddings below when we were at our room. Despite the opening balcony doors the room was so quite and dark at night - easy to catch up lost sleep. Bed was divine and room extremely good value. As we love to walk a lot the bath was really appreciated to soak in at night. Next trip will use the excellent spa facilities. Staff were very helpful and pleasant but unobtrussive. Check in/out was very low key - much appreciated. We dined out with local business colleagues but you would be wise to check out the restaurant menu - excellent choices if you are gastronomically challenged. Looking forward to a repeat stay next month.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChiTown2
<Content>GREAT HONEYMOON LOCALE       View from Balcony  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LawyerAbroad
<Content>Nowhere better on the Opera House side, but make sure you get the right room !       Park Hyatt View from "other" end room  
<Date>Dec 22, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MasterGee
<Content>Best hotel in Sydney An unbelievable location (across Circular Quay from the famed Opera House), excellent service, and all the comforts you expect from a top notch hotel make this property one of the very best in Sydney. I absolutely love this place and would go back in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ricanth
<Content>Best Location - Opera View Suite       Opera View Suite #1  
<Date>Nov 23, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kazpalms
<Content>what a view!       View at night from our balcony  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PVTraveler01
<Content>Big Disappointment I last stayed in the Park Hyatt in 2000 and found it to be one of the best hotels I'd stayed in around the world. I was back in Sydney this year and over the protest of my travel agent (and after ignoring an earlier Trip Advisor review), I once again stayed at the Park Hyatt. What a disappointment!The facilities and location remain absolutely first class. However the service level is abysmal - a lot of stylishly dressed but absolutely inattentive and unconcerned staff. For a 5 star hotel, here are some examples of what we experienced:1. A concierge who couldn't recommend an Italian restaurant (and actually had to be encouraged to step into the back to retrieve a couple of menus); who wouldn't make a reservation for the Rocks Walking tour.2. A breakfast service where the check arrived before the coffee and orange juice; and who served my daughter a bagel complete with lox,... and when informed she just wanted a bagel-returned to the kitchen and scraped off the lox, then returned the same bagel (then upon finding it untouched, it was removed by the head waiter without even a was there a problem with it question; who served orange juice that tasted like Tang unless you discovered (on your own) to order freshly squeezed OJ.3. Dinner in the light kitchen where a waiter described a pate based entree as like a sausage roll; couldn't recommend a wine or beer; couldn't pronounce sauvignon blanc; and disappeared along with the other servers for over 10 minutes4. etc etcand generally overall lousy service in one of the most expensive hotels in Sydney.Interestingly, we met a couple (at a Voyages resort in Queensland) the next week who described a very similar experience with terrible service in the lounge/kitchen and overall indifferent service throughout the hotel.What a shame that this prime property is being damaged by haughty and indifferent service throughout.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>2	2	5	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>babsorama
<Content>Stay nowhere else in Sydney I've stayed in great hotels all over the world. This one ranks number one for me. I adored most everything about this hotel: location (especially rooms with opera house view), incredible staff, even the 70's theme. Meals were average, but the selection of places to dine, just steps away, makes this factor insignificant. The pool was mediocre, but who goes there to swim?  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sjwoolnough
<Content>It doesn't get any better than this! If you go to Sydney this is the hotel to stay in. Unlike other hotels with views you do only get the Opera House as you are positioned almost under the Harbour Bridge. But what a view! Because you are low down you get the most fabolous view of it imaginable (as opposed to looking down on it from on high in other hotels). The rooms were beautiful and the service absolutely impeccable. I cannot find anything to fault this hotel, it is as near perfect as a hotel can get.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bojack
<Content>Slept with the curtains open Stayed 2 nights as part of our 25th wedding anniversary treat. Found staff friendly and helpful on arrival and views from public areas stunning.Room not overly large but very well appointed and the view even better. We had direct view of opera house and slept with the curtains open to see the sunrise on the harbour.Dinner and breakfast were excellent even without taking the view into account.Overall a wonderful stay very comfortable and well worth the premium.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Tommy0609
<Content>Recommended Stayed there for 1 night during our honeymoon, on our way to French Polynesia. We had the standard harbor view room. My review is based on very limited experience - stayed there 1 night, and never been to any other hotel in Sydney.The overall experience was very good. The room was very spacious and airy, but some may find it a bit too sparse and minimalist. Very large bath and closet space. We had a lovely view of the harbor from our patio, and a direct view of the Opera House. Plasma TV. Same goes for the common areas of the hotel.A friend of mine referred to the Park Hyatt as a super motel, and this description is very apt, in a good way. The hotel is only about 4 stories high, and it actually looks more like a lodge than the standard 5-star high-rise hotel. But in a good way - very stylish. The main merit of this property is the location. It is right there on the waterfront. You step out of the hotel, you're standing on the harbor pier. A pleasant 15 minute walk from the Opera House. Water taxi stand right in front to take us across the harbor (to the Pier restaurant, which was excellent).I have no complaints with this establishment. A bit pricier it seems than the rest (fortunately I had the benefit of my company's corporate rate), but I think well worth the slight premium due to location.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>drewmc38
<Content>Hands Down the Best in Town I am a frequent visitor to Sydney and have stayed at most of the 5 star properties (Observatory, Four Seasons/Regent) and the hip properties (W and Establishment) and can say without reservation that the Park Hyatt is the best. The location is world class, with one of the best views from the prime rooms and public spaces in well, the world. The panorama of the Opera House City Lights and Harbour Trafffic is magic.Sitting in the rooftop hot tub at night is a fantastic experience. The rooms are fresh and updated with Plasmas lovely bathrooms and all the latest. The hotel is within walking distance to the Bridge (try the climb or just look at it from the hot tub) and the historic Rocks district. Also an easy walk to the CBD and opera house and myriad places to eat shop and sightsee.Have the concierge book you dinner and take a water taxi to one of Sydney's many fine waterfront restaurants (try Catalina). I will say that I would only book a premium harbour/opera house view room to fully take advantage of this hotel. This is a place to be experienced and is not for the light of wallet. If its your first time in Sydney and you have the budget, do not hesitate to book this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What else can I say?? The reviews I read before matched my stay. Awsome location and great view. Not a budget hotel but the location and views are worth it. The spa and gym were great. As per all the other reviews the extras are way over priced.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>whittimere
<Content>The best My second visit to the Park Hyatt and just as memorable. Service is perfect and ideal for those arriving on early am flights as my room was available from 8am. There are a number of special rates on offer but I have no issue with paying the price - it is pricey but worth every penny. Room was lovely with balcony. The view of the Opera House and Harbour Bridge is brilliant and food of outstanding quality. You get what you pay for.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Upscaleduds
<Content>Nice but pricey       View from ground floor balcony  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RSS-NorthCarolina
<Content>Best View For Sure! Stayed at this hotel for a business meeting with my wife in March 2005. It was not what I expected when we pulled up to the hotel. I was expecting a high-rise building and it is anything but. It is only a three-story building. It has very contemporary motif and furnishings. Our room has a LCD or plasma screen TV. Very nice and clean but with a hefty price tag. We would not pay to stay at this hotel if we were paying on our own. But it definitely has the location in Sydney. Fantastic views of the opera house and Harbour Bridge. It is located in the heart of the historic Rocks area which is very convenient. It is also located conveniently to the Circular Quay area. We also did a walking tour of downtown from here. The $40 (AUD) for the continental breakfast was just over the top for us. This obviuosly the place for dignitaries and VIP's to stay while in Sydney. During our stay Sandra Bullock and boyfriend Jesse James was there for Sandra's premiere of her new movie. If you got the bucks and want to stay in contemporary comfort with a fantastic view and convenient location this is the place for you.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>perfect for wedding night Stayed here on my wedding night 19th March 05. Room was fantastic. View from balcony overlooked the Opera House. Beautiful marble bathroom with robes. Double glazed doors for complete quiteness. Huge bed. Strawberries and champayne on arrival (even though we didn't touch them as we were stuffed from the reception and excitement of the day). Even though they put our bags in the wrong room, the service was top class and would love to stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect in every way We spent the last night of our honeymoon in an opera view room at this hotel and it was worth every penny. The room was fantastic. Spacious, huge bed, marble bathroom, seperate dressing room and a balcony with a great view of the opera house and quay.We had dinner in the restaurant by a window with a view of the opera house. The food was excellent, a must if you stay. Room service was great. We took advantage of the free DVD library and had a bottle of wine. The pool on the roof isn't particularly large but it is clean and, situated right under the Harbour Bridge, has quite a view.Overall the service was first class and the staff could not do enough to make sure you were comfortable. If you are looking to book a room for New Year's eve then this would be a good choice, if not a cheap one.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IAD777
<Content>Gorgeous Hotel, Amazing View, A Little Out of the Way Hotel is stunning, luxurious and the views are really fantastic. It is a bit out of the way though, all the way at the of the Rocks.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mrsmcmd
<Content>Top dollar but not top service We stayed for two nights in a Harbour View Suite - one being our wedding night. Problem No. 1 - Room was not ready when we checked in - even though I had given prior notice that the booking was for a wedding. Given a spare room to get dressed in.Problem No. 2 - Lost luggage - Returning for our wedding night we discovered we had no luggage. Had to wait 25mins for them to discover it and deliver it to the room.Problem No. 3 - Electronic Keys never worked - Without failure, everytime we went out, our key would not work upon our return.Problem No. 4 - Lost Coats - When they lost our luggage they failed to deliver our coats. It was only when we were virtually getting into the taxi for the airport that they found them (we were heading for Europe in winter).After all these problems, bearing in mind that we were still trying to be polite about everyting, our consolation was a complimentary breakfast for one morning and an offer of a discount for our next stay. Needless to say we won't be taking them up on the discount!Great views/location and your typical Hyatt decor, but you get better service in your local McDonalds!  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not all it's cracked up to be! OK so you pay for the view, but not all rooms have a great view. We had to move and pay a supplement to get a good view of the opera house. The mini bar was outrageously overpriced as was the laundry service. Breakfast was also expensive. Can you believe I paid about 40 GBP for a bowl of porridge and a juice? If you wanted freshly squeezed juice it was even dearer!!My advice, stay elsewhere. There are plenty of cheaper hotels with equally fanatstic views or even rent an appartment. That's what we'll do next time. I've paid less in the past and had better facilities. A BIG disappointment.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2005
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pay for views but that about it!   showReview(2700477, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>anyap
<Content>Hyatt on the Rocks, anything but dry.......   showReview(2591974, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Without a doubt - the best hotel in Sydney   showReview(2318017, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Ending to an Amazing Trip   showReview(2094967, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Want a discount?   showReview(1760339, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PatZotos
<Content>Very well positioned   showReview(1732352, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I wish   showReview(1539777, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply the BEST   showReview(1534572, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 31, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not 6 stars at all!   showReview(1506521, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 4, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>my favorite city hotel   showReview(1138641, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ricbg76
<Content>Poteva andare meglio   showReview(17999911, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	5	5	2	2	3	

<Author>Laeti05
<Content>un magnifique souvenir!   showReview(10428062, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

