<Author>Tamita99
<Content>Average Hotel Good hotel for the price I paid. The service was excelent. The only thing that I didn't like and I was very angry about was the suppose Free Continental Breakfast . You have to go to the restaurant and they only give coffee or orange juice and a toast and that's it. If you want a omelet or something like that the prices are way up to high. I recommend to eat breakfast in the Ponderosa Restaurant that is very close to the hotel, about a 5 minute walk. The hotel is very close to the beach, just crossing the street. The location is great because is in the heart of Isla Verde. You can go to others hotels, pubs etc... also the pool is nice. They have a Restaurant called Fascio Pizza.....excelent! Don't eat in the one where is the free continental breakfast...is pricey.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>leite_family
<Content>Affordable Safe  Isla Verde - Booking this Hotel was very convenient and affordable on the Howard Johnson Hotel- Carolina website or call [--], (car rental, ext. 2017). (There are promotions going on over the summer so check it out.) The Hotel staff were all very, very helpful at meeting our every need. Although there are hotels across the street, we still have views of the ocean and from the 10th floor restaurant Fontana di Roma you have a beautiful view of the turquoise waters and the city. Do not miss this Italian Bistro with excellent breakfast and dinner. The owner Carlo Picchetti pulls out all the stops to ensure that you ( your loved ones) have a wonderful dining experience. My daughter celebrated her birthday while on vacation and Fontana di Roma provided us succulent meals (I had the osso bucco) on lovely china and the waiters were very attentive. After the meal a chocolate mousse cake with strawberries was brought out and the waiters sang Happy Birthday (opera style). This experience will remain a treasure for us all. The Hotel is right across the street from a walkway to Isla Verde Beach (just 5 minutes to San Juan). Nicolas at the AAA Allied Car Rental Service in the Hotel was very fast, easy and convenient. Overall our trip has been a wonderful one to remember. The maps provided helped us travel all over the island (gas is just $1.01USD) while coming back to our Home away from home. I highly recommend this hotel. -RLeite  family  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chisco34
<Content>"We won't take responsibility" I recently returned from a trip on which I took 22 other people, 18 students and 4 other adults, on a trip to Puerto Rico. We stayed at the Howard Johnson on Isla Verde because of its price and location. It cost us $4,800 for five rooms for five nights. When we first arrived we were pleasantly surprised by the nice lobby and the nice pizzeria on the ground floor. When we got to our rooms they were a nice size, very long and spacious. The bathrooms on the other hand were so small you could barely turn around without hitting the shower curtain or counter top. There were spots on the floor and back of the door, which thinking about them now it makes me gag. I thought our room was decent, but when I went to check on the other rooms in my group I realized by room was smaller, had no microwave and my TV had only 5 channels while the others had standard cable channels. We watched Disney Channel every night, for some reason it made the cut. Don't stay in room 406! The next day, every room had been serviced by housekeeping except for mine. Apparently they take a break and complete the rooms after 4pm. This was very inconvenient because most excursions are over and you are headed back to your room at that time. We had houskeeping knock on or door two or three times to see if we wanted it cleaned. We repeatedly told her yes, but not while we were in it. Each day we had to call for towels bc our room hadn't been cleaned, and each day it took about 30 minutes to get them. This housekeeping deal was a daily occurence. The worst part is that on day three, one of the girls had her wallet rummaged through and $130 stolen. We told management, they came to the room, checked to see who had been in it according the to the card key printout, etc. This, for some reason, took them hours to complete. It was ridiculous. They called the maid into the room and asked her if she had taken anything. Duh, like she would say yes! So after hours of this they said, When you got your keys you signed a release saying we were not responsible for lost or stolen items. Why did they have to put on the show if they weren't going to do anything about it?! The next day, a young man in another of our rooms had his entire wallet stolen. I called the manager and he said I was personally in the room with the maid today while she cleaned. I responded by saying, You can tell me that all day long, but I wasn't here to see it so it doesn't matter. They also said, this maid has been with our company for a long time, bla bla bla. Although the roll away beds are free, you sit on them and go straight to the bed frame. I literally slept on metal bars for 5 nights. The last complaint is that although we had 4 or 5 people in each room we were only given two breakfast vouchers for each morning. We couldn't even use them because we weren't only going to take 10 members of our group to the crappy breakfast each morning. It was not a good experience. Don't stay there if you want to keep your belongings, you need to stockpile the towels, and bring Clorox to clean your bathroom.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>DBE
<Content>Basic hotel Good pool area and good location being very close to the beach (nice beach but not the best for swimming due to force of waves coming in).Also convenient to get the bus into Puerto Rico - runs from outside the hotel approx. every 25 minutes, costs 75 cents and takes about 35 minutes.What we didn't like so much was the bedroom and bathroom - definitey basic, smell of mildew and needing re-furbishment depending on how much you pay and your expectation. So OK for the one night we stayed post cruise but we wouldn't have wanted to stay for longer.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>jblaze1
<Content>HOJO = Very average hotel We stayed here for a bachelor party and had 2 rooms for 6 guys.+It was cheap (~$150 a night) and did not require a pre-pay (meaning that it was cancelable)The receptionist was nice and answered questions well.The location is great in the Isla Verde areaParking is cheap, if you rent a car-The floors were kind of damp all of the timeOne of the bedroom windows did not openOne bathroom smelled like mildewThere is no safe in the room (although there is one at the front desk)The pool is not nice (not bad, but not fun to hang out at and no view of anything but a fence)Hope this helps.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	4	2	4	4	4	

<Author>CANUCKSCRUISING
<Content>perfect for post or pre-cruise vacation HAMILTON, ONTARIO CANADAFEBRUARY, 2008We stayed at his hotel as a pre-cruise destination. Arrived at the hotel at 4:00 p.m. It is a very short drive from the Airport. Check in was a breeze. Rooms are clean and include iron, coffee maker, fridge, and microwave. Bathroom is tiny but clean and renovated. Airconditioning worked well noise level was quiet all night.There is a restaurant in the main lobby selling mostly Italian Food. Food is not bad and reaonably priced. We took the bus to Old San Juan. 75 cents per person and about a 15 minute drive. The bus ride was an eye opener as we drove through what looked like a lot of government housing. Wouldn't recommend doing this at night. Took a taxi back from Old San Juan at the end of the night cost was 19.00 dollars.This was a more than acceptable hotel for a very reasonably priced will definately stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Quailrancher
<Content>It's A Hotel, No Mas The Carolina HoJo is an extremely adequate place to stay, if you know what I mean. The price is right, the room is standard, and the location is convenient. Five minutes from the airport and convenient to San Juan without the intown hassles. The street, Isla Verde, is busy and you should avoid rooms with a view of the water. With the view you also get passing traffic that includes boombox-loud cars at all hours. The view is not worth it even 6 stories up. Plus, there is a highrise condo directly across the street, so the view is obstructed anyway.Dining here is quite good, although there are a lot of decent places to eat in the area, so you don't have to dine in. Desk service was excellent, but note that all phone calls carry an extra charge.While we were there only one elevator was working. No way to tell whether that is common, but at best there are only two elevators for a 9 story hotel. Barely enough, and not enough when it's busy.Sound deadening between rooms was fine, and we noted no hall noise in the room. Don't drink out of the glass tumblers unless you personally see them brought in by the maid. They are probably wiped and reused. There is a mini-fridge that works and a better than decent TV. The desk staff doesn't know it, and the printed chanel list doesn't show it, but check CH 99 for the cable listings.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Silvrsatin
<Content>Great for the price, actually a little better than we expected       Hotel Room  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>Desire1962
<Content>Okay Okay, for basic accommodations. The pool was nice and it was close to everything. Parking is a problem.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>BFRMaryland
<Content>Second Time, Not So Fine Avoid this place. We made the mistake of staying here a second time thinking it may have improved. Wrong! It was worse than our first stay. It took 5 calls to the front desk to get a roll-away bed that was already supposed to be in the room. The beds - horribly uncomfortable. Sheets - like paper towels. Service - beyond rude.The restaurant was worse than our room. We waited almost an hour for our tasteless breakfast. We ended up serving ourselves coffee. Please do not let this review taint the Howard Johnson in Old San Juan, which we found to be very nice and a great location.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yessy
<Content>The Howard Johnson in Isla Verde was OK... Second time staying at this hotel. This time my room smelled old and musky, the bathroom was small and you have to pay $7.oo dollars for parking per day. Overall the hotel is OK! It is located across the street from some private apartment building but there is a small pathway that is open to the public so you can go to the beach. The big expensive hotels are within minutes by car. Will not recomend to walk too late at night there is a Irish pub / niteclub that plays hip hop that is not considered safe by the locals even though it is always full and has long lines to get in so it is better to drive, park inside the nicer hotels. DO not do valet the casinos would not over it. This hotel (HJ) is very close to the airport (about 5 minutes drive) but you will still need to be at the airport atleast 3 hours before the flight because even though the natives/locals are extremely nice - the ones at the airport are not. They are disorganized and slow. Make sure you check your bags through the agriculture machine before you even do the line to check in with your airline. Overall, the hotel is Ok for the price compare to the others around that area.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	3	3	1	

<Author>hardychica
<Content>Run-down HoJo We stayed at the HoJo for one night because we needed a hotel close to the airport. I figured that HoJo would be a safe bet because it's a chain which I thought would have consistent standards of cleanliness. I was wrong.First off, when we arrived at the hotel on Saturday evening, there was one man working the front desk and phones. Four people were waiting in line to check in and it took him a good 45 minutes to get through that group of people. The whole time he's answering phones and trying to check people in, his manager is just standing there watching him instead of jumping in and helping. When we finally got our keys the hotel elevators took FOREVER. I mean it was crazy how long you would wait to get into one of those death traps. Unfortunately, the room didn't get much better than that. The hotel is definitely a late 70's/early 80's building that is desperate need of a renovation. I can tolerate ugly decor, but the rooms just were dirty. There were major rust stains all in the shower, the carpet was dirty and it just looked like a lot of band-aid repairs were done to fix problems. Like if you looked at the corners of the bathtubs and sinks you could see large chunks of miscolored caulking added to fix problems. Also, the bathroom was really dark with this one spooky flourescent light that made you feel like you were in the Bates motel. Breakfast wasn't much better. They give you complimentary continental breakfast coupons when you check in. You eat on the top level of the hotel where I thought there would just be a little buffet table with some danishes and milk. But, you sit down, restaurant style and are given a breakfast menu. Just remember that this is not included in the free continental breakfast. Those meals cost more, however you can use your free vouchers for $2 off one of those other breakfast entrees. In the end, one night was more than enough for me at the HoJo. I'm sure if you're partying and want a cheaper place to stay across the street from the beach you may not mind. But I expected a lot more for the $170/night charge.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	-1	-1	

<Author>KO75
<Content>Excellent Stay at the HOJO After having a nightmare of a situation at another resort hotel and having to find a place to stay during high tourist season. I called the Howard Johnson's and asked if there was availability for check-in the next day. For 5 nights we paid about 700 dollars including taxes. We were pleasantly surprised with the Marble pillars and elegant floors for a budget hotel. The pool was pretty good too. They gave us early check-in and showed us to our room. The rooms are the size of a standard hotel room...but we had a view of the beach from our room on the third floor across the street. It was a very clean room with a working refrigerator. The staff was wonderful. They are truly appreciative of your business. They arranged for us to do the Camuy Cave tour with one company (Hector was great!!). Then we did the Rainforest tour and Loquillo Beach with another company. Next door is a 7-11 and a Walgreens down the block...but if you head in the other direction about 1/4 of a mile (the walk wasn't bad) there is a grocery store, Grande. I was travelling with my husband and 2 kids (2, 7) and I was able to get their snacks and juices and milk at the store. The hotel will recommend a seafood restaurant that is a block away...we went for lunch since we had the kids...the food was amazing. There is also a number of other restaurants within walking distance.At least once have breakfast at the restaurant on the top floor...the view is amazing and the service is great.The public bus stops right in front of the hotel. We took a cab to Old San Juan and a bus back...15 dollars there and 50 per person back.Our vacation could have easily been ruined by the issues at the other place...but Howard Johnson made it all better...for the service and value, I would definitely go again.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jerseyboy27
<Content>We had a good time.       View from our room  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>SeattleRican
<Content>Bad Mojo in HoJo The seventies decor was outdated and drab. The bathrooms were small and dirty (there was someone else鈥檚 hair on the toilet). The desk staff copped an attitude about making the reservation through Expedia. The view of the beach is mostly blocked by another high-rise. The complimentary breakfast was a joke. You're given breakfast vouchers for the upstairs restaurant and it's only worth $2.50 off the meal. That's not even enough for toast and coffee. Yogurt and fruit is $7.00 and omelets are $11.50. I wish we had stayed somewhere else--even if it was more money.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>LADB
<Content>Great Hotel, But Watch the Location!!!! After reviewing all the info, we called the Hotel directly. Booked for the evening of Feb. 11, 2007. We actually didn't even know there was a location in Old San Juan, but certainly would not have wanted to stay there, as we were on our way out of the city the next day. We had confirmed reservations....yet had to pay almost double! Why? On some websites, the phone number for the Old San Juan location is listed for the Isla Verde Hotel! We called, they had a room, and we didn't know there were 2 locations, so we didn't think to ask! Fortunately this location had a room, but they did not believe that the phone number problem was their mistake, so we had to pay the difference. I'm not sure who has caused the problem, but, even here on TripAdvisor, when you hit the bars for info on the Isla Verde HoJo Hotel, you get info on the Old San Juan Hotel.Room was OK, a bit shabby but as expected. Pool was beautiful. You get a Continental Breakfast, but....if you choose from the menu, you only get $2.00 off your meal. And you then have to pay for your coffee, which would have been part of the free breakfast!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shell43
<Content>Excellent service-Howard Johnson-Isle Verde-Carolina PR I can not say enough about the staff at this hotel. They were all wonderful and treated us like gold. Staff made several phone calls for me attempting to set up a fishing charter, called the rental car(Budget)for me, to cancel since they are no longer located at the hotel. Chose 'Charlies car rental' a couple blocks away, instead, cost for 3 days car rental including taxes was 100.00. Night Mgr. Hector Camacho could not have been nicer and has a great crew. The hotel is very clean. The pool was great and never crowded. Located across the street from a gorgeous beach, where chair rentals are 4.00 a day from a gentleman on the beach. Dont understand the complaints about the continental breakfast. You get what you pay for. Included in your stay - Coffee and danish or croissant each morning, or 2.50 toward your breakfast. Restaurant service is slow, yes, but so is everything else in the carribean. We got ours to go, and we were off. Happy hour daily from 6-10pm---3.00 drinks excluding Chevis and Johnnie Walker. Excellent cheap places to eat a few doors down, as well as a Walgreens in walking distance. Charlies car rental a couple blocks away. I would recommend this hotel. It isnt the Marriott, but then again, we werent going to waste our cash on a fancy place ,that we would not be in, but to sleep and shower. Had a rental car for 3 days and we were never charged the parking fee-pleasant surprise.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>bandora
<Content>Good value             ocean view to the left  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Nevr2ez
<Content>Not bad for the price in Isla Verde area!       Howard Johnson Hotel, Isla Verde Ave  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>Dog-man
<Content>OK stay Stayed at this hotel while attending a weddking, and for those purposes it was fine. The room was comfortable and though we were on a smoke-free floor, you could smell smoke. One small elevator to serve 9 floors. (Actually, there is an additional down the short service hall to the right of the main elevator. But the staff have tried to turn this into a srvice elevator by putting up repair signs, etc. on it. We used it in a pinch, especially at night.) Hotel staff were adequate. Restaurants were slow, even for Puerto Rico standards, but the food was quite good, especially in the 10th floor Italian restaurant -- the view alone is worth the wait!! Took us 30 minutes to get a croissant, coffee, and pre-mixed fuit salad. (One tip: Don't get the complimentary continetal breakfast; instead apply the $2.50 toward a regalar breakfast.) Pool was nice, and beach, across the street was very nice.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lark47
<Content>Not so great My husband and I stayed at Howard Johnson in Isla Verde in March 17-20. We were disappointed as soon as we checked in and saw our room. It was on the lobby floor which may not have been terrible except for the fact that the room was tiny, you could hear everything that was happening outside of the room and worst of all, there were no windows! It was a dark little dungeon. But for the fact that we were only staying 3 nights, I was very close to walking down the street and finding something else. We did ask to change rooms but the staff stated that everything was booked. The staff, by the way, could have been a bit more customer service oriented. They seemed to have attitudes and were not receptive to questions. The service in the hotel restaurant was terrible. The waitstaff were friendly but the service was beyond slow. They don't acknowledge you when you walk in, you have to just guess that you should pick any seat available. The tables were still dirty from prior customers and on one occasion, we waited approx. 30 minutes before anyone even came over to take our order. It was so bad that we complained to the restaurant manager and we weren't the only ones complaining. On the good side, the pool was nice and the beach is conveniently right across the street. The hotel is nicely situated on a relatively busy strip but having visited Old San Juan, I would have rather stayed nearer to there because they seemed to have a much wider and nicer selection of restaurants than where we were and our location seemed better suited for spring breakers. The bus stop to Old San Juan is across the street from the hotel and is approx. 45 mins, it costs about 50 cents. El Yunque is a must see and I would recommend renting a car a driving there as it's a relatively easy drive and was much cheaper than a tour. Our one day car rental was $27 and the visitors center at El Yunque charges about $3.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall okay       view of beach from alley  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location, reasonable rates, some improvements needed I visit San Juan once every few weeks, and I occasionally stay at this hotel located in the Isla Verde section of Carolina. (There is another Howard Johnson hotel located in Viejo San Juan, and I think some reviewers referred to that other one when they described their stay.) This hotel is located in the middle of a busy, popular and safe Isla Verde strip where there are plenty of things to do both during the day and at night (great restaurants, stores, casinos). San Juan's most beautiful beach is behind a high-rise in front of the HoJo. You can cross the street right in front of the hotel, take an alley, and be on the beach within one minute. Although the hotel provides beach towels they sometimes run out of them in the afternoon. Room rates are higher than in the U.S. for the same quality of service, but they are much lower than those of nearby hotels. If you plan to spend your vacation on the beach, touring the Island and learning about the Puerto Rican culture, this hotel will meet your needs. I find it safe, clean (no bedding or dust issues here), and generally not a bad place to stay. It does need some renovation, especially in bathrooms (the plumbing system). Some rooms are definitely bigger and better than others. The bigger and better rooms are at each end of the corridor. I particularly like ones on the 3rd floor and on the 12th floor. Smaller rooms are definitely tiny. Not every room has a little refrigerator, so you may want to request it when you check in. The staff are friendly and are readily available to assist you when needed. Being polite with hotel staff and local residents will take you a long way in Puerto Rico. The hotel faces a busy city street (with a partial view of the beach and a high-rise in front) on one side and Highway 26 (plus far mountains) on the other side. There is really not that much noise that you can hear in your room unless you are a very light sleeper. If you have a car, you will be able to leave it in a secure parking lot behind the hotel. The parking fee, including in-and-out benefits, is $6.50 per day. Hotel staff will typically grant your request for a late check-out (2 or 2:30 p.m. vs. noon) unless the hotel is sold out. Most hotel guests are Puerto Rican, both from the Island and the United States.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>joshua-bwi
<Content>What a dump!!! What hotel did the good reviews stay at??? Just checked in. What a dump!!! Relied upon good reviews here on trip advisor and expected it to be no more than a basic hotel but what we got.... 1. Room smells of cigarettes and mildew.2. Requested a non-smoking room. None available. Hotel full. Take it or leave it attitude from the front desk.3. Torn and stained sheets, bed spreads.4. Bathroom has stainless steel commercial fixtures (toilet paper holder for example) with crud all over it.5. You can hear (word for word) the conversations of people in the hall or in the other rooms.6. Room is very small (but this was expected).7. Rooms on the 2nd floor are interior rooms. The window looks out into the lobby but not to the outside.8. Staff is NOT FRIENDLY.9. 1 Elevator is broken. The other is a service elevator and is VERY slow.10. Carpet not cleaned.11. We are looking for another hotel so that we can check out of here ASAP!!!12. Hotel claims they are across the street from the beach... Well.... once you pass through a row of highrises across the street you will find the beach in the distance. You need to walk 2 blocks down the road to get the the beach access path.My advise, stay elsewhere!!! This is just not worth it.The good....1. the pool area is cute.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The restaurant was the only good thing about this hotel. We stayed in room 510. Our room was very dirty. It had two double beds, one of which you had to climb over to get into the bathroom. The bathroom was very dirty. I was too skeeved to shower because of how nasty the tub looked. I was sure that the place was infested with cockroaches. The carpeting had huge black stains all over it and carpeting was missing in some areas of the room. Closet door was broken. Balcony had garbage all over it-old ciggarette packs and butts etc, and the cement floor had black dirt all over it. My pillow had brown drool stains on it which were visible through the white pillow case and smelled like hundreds of people with morning breath drooled on it for years. The swimming pool was the size of a bathtub. We needed new towels for the other people I was traveling with (who were brave enough to try the shower) and I ordered them at 8:40pm. We kept calling the front desk back because they never came. We went down to the front desk. She said they had no towels. Finally we went to bed, and at 10:20pm a staff person knocked on the door after we were asleep (to catch a 4:10am flight back to NJ), waking us up to give us the towels. We booked a tour of El Yunque and Bacardi Factory through the front desk for 60 dollars each. The tour guide's name was Rafeal. He runs private tours that can be booked through the Howard Johnson. The tour was terrible. He told us we were going to hike the Big Tree and El Yunque trails, and take us to see El Morro and other sites in Old San Juan because we couldn't go to the Bacardi Factory. Well, we didn't hike the trails he promised, we hiked La Mina trails instead. And he didn't give us a tour of anything in Old San Juan, he dropped us off at the ferry in Catano and told us to take the ferry to Old San Juan and have a good time. Then he charged us $65 dollars instead of the $60 we were told when we booked. Lunch was not included. Nothing else was included either- no water, ponchos, sunscreen, bug spray etc, like they are on other cheaper tours. We were really dissatified. I would never do another tour with him. The only good thing I can say about the hotel is the Fontana Di Roma restaurant on the top floor. What a wonderful meal we had there. I was nervous about going to an italian restarant in Puerto Rico, but the food was fabulous and so was the wine. The service was impeccable. They made my meal exactly how I requested it and we didn't have to wait at all for anything that we wanted. The next night, I needed something microwaved and I went up to the restaurant and they did for me with no problem. They were wonderful. The view was so-so, but with food that great, who cares? Also, we were on Isla Verde beach at dusk and we got harrassed by some guys saying sexual things to us. I didn't feel safe in Isla Verde at all. Later at night we walked to a casino in the Embassy Suites about three blocks away and were harrassed again by some disgusting drunk guy on the street. I felt like I was going to get mugged any minute when we were walking there. When we were done playing, we took a cab back to the HOJO instead of walking because it was so dangerous. Would I stay at the Howard Johnson in Isla Verde again? No way. I would go to the restaurant though.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>leahmiz
<Content>Yuck. You gotta be kidding me... I have never been so disappointed in a hotel, as I am with Howard Johnson's in Old San Juan Puerto Rico. The elevator is broken. The lobby is littered with buckets and caution tape. Rooms, for which you pay $145 per night, are windowless cells with cracked, taped plexiglass over the doorways. Never stay on the 2nd floor unless you like to be woken up every fifteen minutes by the hum and regurgitation of the ice machine next door. I was jolted awake at 6am by only what I can describe as golf balls being tossed down an airshaft. I'm assuming this was the morning wake up call for the ice machine. I requested to be moved, which I was by the helpful, although somewhat clueless staff. It took all day, then they had the problem of giving the room away. Finally, I was given a new room on the fourth floor, with a window, as the internet picture indicated, only to be told that the elevator was inoperable whenever the staff didn't feel like using the elevator key to make it work and accompany me to the fourth floor. The interior lobby is dark, dismal and outdated. The staff is struggling with a sub-par hotel. The rooms are overpriced. The walls and have open wires hanging from them. Stay down the street at Hotel Milano. I wish I did.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Pasqualinho
<Content>some good, some so-so, what did you expect? It is a Howard Johnson's in a tropical climate and an expensive area, what did you expect? We paid (AAA) 130 a night (+ $20 taxes). We had room 511. Recommended for types who only want their hotel for bedtime, like being close to the beach and are realistic about the place.The good1. Five minutes drive to the airport, without the airport sounds (the Courtyard (100$ more a night), Ritz and Hampton Inn (90$ more a night) all border the airport). I am sure the rooms are sound proof, but when you are outside you will hear the jets taking off.2. Right across from the beach (although there are apartments blocking much of the view). The Hampton Inn (which does have a nicer setting), Embassy and the Holiday Inn are a couple of blocks away. 3. The best part of Isla Verde beach. Maybe the conditions change over time, but that part was nicer than the part the InterC, ESJ Towers and El San Juan front, which are all together (and the beach one would walk to from the Hampton Inn and others). The Courtyard and Ritz (smooth sand, imported?) are on a slightly different beach. The Courtyard is the last building for a long while, which is nice as it abuts a public beach, though there are a few permanent tents there(?). We liked that beach and watched the planes take off as we floated in the water.4. There is a shower by the pool. On the last day we had a late flight out, so we left our luggage at the desk, returned at 4, swam in the pool (nice area, not big), showered there, got our bags and changed and caught the outrageously expensive taxi for the airport. 5. The window was pretty sound proof, but the hotel is right on top of the main drag so probably a bit noiser than others.The So-soIt is an older building and that was the source of the not so good.1. Old floor tiles (new wall tiles/hair drier/fixtures) and the caulking going.2. The room itself had the sort of clean but you are in a tropical place feel. A bit dark.3. We also had noisy young-uns coming in late from partying. 4. It is on the main drag, so you will feel like you are more in a city than at a resort.5. The room didnt have a safe, but I would recommend leaving valuable at the front desk.6. In absolute terms, it was not cheap, but relative to the prices of other hotels, it was.Comments on comments others had1. No problems with wait time on the elevators There are two.2. Yes, the window would worry me if I had a child.3. We had the usual amount of coffee in our room and there is a fridge. We didnt even bother trying the continental breakfast.4. We had a room with a view but all of those are partial views.5. Heard nothing from the pipes.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>BQ74
<Content>Great location, clean and comfortable The Ho Jo in Isla Verde is a great place to stay. The beach is across the street. It is close to the airport and you can easily get to the cruise ship port/Old San Juan by bus or taxi. The staff was super-friendly and the room was spotlessly clean and comfortable with premium toiletries. This hotel was a great value for the price we paid. The only bad thing to say is that the continental breakfast (served in the roof-top restaurant with nice views) consists of toast and juice; oh well. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to San Juan.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Small cozy hotel is near everything Stayed at the Howard Johnson in Isla Verde the week or Christmas. Although our flight was 3 hours late, check in was a breeze. They ran out of non smoking rooms which I previously requested so they upgraded us to a suite which was very spacious  clean  didnt smell like smoke at all. Here's the selling point, the beach is literally right across the street from the hotel!!! Isla Verde beach which everyone says is much nicer than the other 2 popular San Juan beaches, Condado Beach  Ocean Park is impeccably clean  gorgeous. Its full of tourists  people who live in the beach front condos. Now for the food. The hotel only serves a croissant  coffee for breakfast so you should walk a few blocks down towards a mini mall that's right across the street from the Intercontinental Hotel to have breakfast at this great little diner where breakfast is delish for like $2.99(including coffee). The hotel beds are very comfortable  the rooms all have satellite TV which pick up all the US channels. The hotel has a small art gallery  2 restaurants, both way too pricey. Go to the Oyster Bar a couple of blocks down for delicious seafood  even tastier drinks, we loved the Oyster Bar. They have live bands some nights  there's dancing till 4am. For casino lovers, you must visit the Wyndham El San Juan Hotel, the most beautiful casino  lobby area I have ever seen, very swanky so dress your best. And lastly no visit to Puerto Rico is complete without a visit to Old San Juan(a 45 minute bus ride from Isla Verde) with it's cobble stoned streets, art galleries, grand forts  castles, out door cafes  award winning restaurants, it is a must. You can just sit by the cruise ship port  sip on a cup of spanish coffee while taking in the gorgeous sunset. Loved loved loved Old San Juan. All in all the HoJo in San Juan is the Best Value on the strip, inexpensive, cozy  close to everything. Happy Travels!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>LollyCanuck
<Content>We weren't dissappointed! We chose the HoJo based on lots of research (and the price). We stayed for three nights prior to our cruise. As others have mentioned, the hotel was convenient to the beach, a Walgreens, and several chain restaurants, without the big pricetag. Our room was small but clean, and a big surprise came when I opened the curtains to find a HUGE deck, complete with a couple chairs and a chaise. It had a southern exposure and it was lovely to sit there after a long day of sightseeing. We took the bus downtown, but had to wait nearly an hour, and then it was overcrowded. the only real disappointment was the continental breakfast, which was 1 1/2 pieces of cold toast and a cup of coffee, but it was complimentary.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Little Hotel in the Middle of Everythingl!!! This is a nice, curteous and clean hotel, and conveniently located, too. Old San Juan is just a bus ride away (25 cents) which, you can catch right across the street from the hotel. If you wanna go to the largest and most luxurious shopping mall in the Caribbean, Plaza las Americas, just walk outside the Hotel and catch the bus on the same side of the street!!! The discos and casinos are right there, too. Just ask anyone for directions. Oh, and, a short walk down the street is an internet cafe... $3 for about 20 mts. on the internet! And, a little further down the street, there's a great little restaurant with great food, for about $6 - $10 a meal.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dee78
<Content>Very good for the price you pay! I stayed at the HoJo this past week in Isla Verde and I have to say I was pleasantly surprised. Reading the reviews here scared me a bit but I decided to stay there anyway. I stayed there for 4 nights and I had a great time. The hotel was clean, the staff was very friendly and gave me pleanty of advice on how to get to different sites (especially the front desk clerk Maribel, she was very helpful). The room was quite comfortable, it had a king size bed, cable TV (which included channels from NYC and other American cities), a refrigerator, hairdryer, iron/ironing board, desk. I stayed on the 8th floor so I did not really here too much noise at night like some of the other guests complained about in these reviews. The pool area was clean and well kept, although the water in the pool was very cold. The fitness was not great at all, it probably had 4 different machines in there (treadmill, bike, and some weights). The hotel was located in a great spot, it was right accross the street from the beach which some of the other hotels are not (like the Embassy Suites, the Hampton Inn  the Holiday Inn). The hotel was also located near a food mall which included some of the common fast food restaurants (BK, Taco Bell, KFC, Pizza Hut) and also a few local restaurants (PR restaurant, Chinese and a Mexican restaurant). I have to say though I was very dissapointed that I did not find too many restaurants serving typical PR food. It was also close to a Walgreen's, two banks, a supermarket and a CyberNet Cafe. The hotel also offers several tours, I took the one for El Yunque and had a great time.I was able to take public transportation to Old San Juan. I took the bus right accross the street from the HoJo, it cost .25 cents and it was about a 45 minute ride. The bus drops you off at the bus terminal in Old San Juan, right accross the street from the Sheraton Hotel.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SZ
<Content>Do not stay here We stayed here one night at the end of our trip simply to have a convenient location to the airport because we had to return a rental car and depart early. The pipes were so noisy we could not sleep at all. If that had not kept us awake, the young people partying nonstop in the hall would have. They were still going at it when we departed at 6am. The prices for drinks on the top floor bar were outrageous. The view isn't much, nor is the bar. We paid less at El Convento. There were additional charges on our bill that I did not understand but I was too sleepy and disoriented at checkout to raise a fuss. I complained mightly in their online survey that was sent to me but have never had a response. The amount of coffee put in the room was half what you receive anywhere else. I guess that was the continental breakfast. There were such incredible waits for the elevator that I was convinced someone was always holding it at some floor.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>liz1992
<Content>Good for pre night cruise We stayed 1 night pre cruise, January. The location was good to get to the cruise port and the price was right. $105.00. 10 minute ride from airport and cruiseport. Check in was quick. No frills hotel. Lobby okay. Coffee in room, frig, hairdryer, iron if needed, ice machine on all floors. I wouldn't recommend more than 1 night here, no way. Could be alot cleaner, but was acceptable. I like spic and span clean. Rooms were just so. Alot of noise heard thru the windows at night as there is a Burger King on the opposite street with a drive thru. The pool area was nice. Restaurant on premises. (looked okay)There's a 7-11 type store next door for drinks  snacks. There is a great oceanfront bar directly across the street. My recommendation is stay her 1 night pre cruise only, check in and then go out across the street for a cocktail or two, walk on the beach, walk into town to one of the best PR restaurants in the strip mall about 10 blocks to the right upon hotel exit. Retire early after a satisfying meal to rest up for the cruise. Check out around 10:30 am and head for the cruise port. Notes: You can see the Water Club hotel when walkiing at night, look for the blue lights. Last chance to get spirits for the cruise is at the cruise port across the street and to the left from Royal Caribbean within the cruiseport complex, Ask the taxi driver. It's easier to pack your bottles in luggage and bring onboard then it is to buy in the ports.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ekar
<Content>Stay 1/30, Then 2/11 to 2/13 Our stay on 1/30 was prior to our cruise, and uneventful. The room was satisfactory, but small. The supposed Continental Breakfast was totally unimpressive, and almost nonexistant by 9AM. But all in all...ok for the money of $106, which they charged although they had $105 shown on the website.MAJOR problem upon our return on 2/11, post cruise. We were told they did NOT guarantee the ocean view room as our ON LINE reservation indicated. Luckily, I had a copy of our reservation, and I demanded what they had offered on the website. I then demanded a suite if they couldn't supply what they had guaranteed. The desk clerk indicated, Suites didn't not have ocean views. A LIE! As I continued to demand a suite for the same price of $106, they finally conceded, and we were given a suite... WITH FULL OCEAN VIEW! Suggestion: Fight for what is RIGHT!Suggestion: SAVE YOUR COPY OF YOUR RESERVATION! Additionally, keep an eye on your credit card posting. It took them over 2 weeks to remove the posting after having paid our bill in cash upon checking out.Would I stay there again: Yes, but I sure would save EVERY COPY of EVERY transaction from the start. Be ready to FIGHT if you have to.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel for Business Travelers Stay Jan 23-27, 2005For the price of $105 per night this hotel offers a tremendous bargain. It is similar to the Fairfield Inns on the mainland but a bit more upscale. Clean but smallish rooms and bathrooms. Outdoor pool is extremely private but small with no jacuzzi. One of my customers from the area said the Italian restaurant on the 10th floor is his favorite on the Island. The $20-$30 entree fees are typical for this area. There is plenty of fast food nearby for those looking to scrimp. The internet cafe (35 minutes for $5) was less than 5 minutes away. Several nice casinos are no more than 10 minutes walk. If you want a plush pool next to the ocean stay at the Marriot Courtyard but expect to pay $235 per night this time of year.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location for price-Economic but need upgrades The Hotel is cheap in all aspects, but if you are in business or short stayis good for the money, it is right across beach and close by all type of restaurants, airport just a couple miles.You should expect what you pay for, is clean, but should have some upgrades, it was just fine for my business stay, no business center (computer access), but one close by. Not recommended for vacationers, because your expectations are higher, unless you are in the budget, I paid $100 plus tax plus service charge total $140). Very nice and secluded empty beaches if you take the coast road HWY 187 going East.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>BEWARE!- of the "not so bad reviews" -we got burned As very experienced travelers, we'd just like to emphasize THE most significant thing we learned by staying at a HOJO. That is, according to their corporate customer service, there is no satisfaction guarantee or pledge similar to what you get from any other hotel chain we've ever experienced. This place is mildew ridden, the carpeting is buckled, and (if you have kids )our room had a window (with no safety restraints) that a 2 yr old could open in about 10 seconds and jump out several stories. They advertised free continental breakfast until 10am. at 730am I informed the manager there were no rolls or pastries left. he said there was nothing he could do. I asked to speak to the GM who never showed up or contacted me. I called HOJO and they said if a franchisee advertises free continental breakfast ' they are only contactually obligated to provide coffee. At any other hotel chain we've stayed at, anything promised  not deliivered results in an immediate apology  a credit on the bill- not at HOJO.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good if money's tight My girlfriend and I stayed at the San Juan Howard Johnson hotel during the week following Christmas (2004). We booked our room after a lot of research with other travelers, in books, and online. Our basic requirements were safety, cleanliness, affordability ($150/night), beach access, and a pool. Here's how it stacked up:1) Safety - I felt very safe at all times inside of the hotel, though I wouldn't recommend a woman wandering around any hotel by herself. Outside of the hotel, the Isla Verde section of San Juan/Carolina felt very safe during the day. My girlfriend and I walked around after dark, but always as a pair. As another reviewer mentioned, the police presence is significant. 2) Cleanliness - The hotel is very clean, especially the lobby and common area. The rooms and hallways were a bit rundown, but nothing glaring. The housekeeping staff kept our room in great shape, and they were incredibly good about fixing up our room while we were out on the beach. Not once did they knock while we were in the room. It was a pleasant surprise to come back to a tidy room and fresh towels each afternoon! Overall, the hotel was clean but slightly less pristine (i.e. standard-issue, budget hotel sparkle) than a Howard Johnson's in the continental U.S. 3) Affordability - We paid either $110 or $115 per night. Remember that they will stick you with heavy taxes above and beyond the stated rate. We got a few dollars off of the nightly Internet-advertised rate by calling and inquiring. We saw some of the slightly less expensive motels while we were there, and they looked dismal. However, if you want a step up from the HoJo, be prepared to shell out big bucks. There's not a lot of middle ground.4) Beach access - This is a selling point. It takes less than a minute to walk from the hotel to the beach. The access alley was not dirty, contrary to a few other reviews. Even on busy days, the traffic on the street prevents you from crossing for mere seconds. The beach itself has clean sand and turquoise water. In late December, the water was fairly warm and clear. Not a lot of seaweed or other aquatic life visible. Christmas is a peak tourist time in San Juan, but the beach was never crowded. 5) The pool is lovely. It was immaculately clean and nearly always empty. It only reaches 4.5 feet in depth and is quite small, so not good for divers or lap swimmers. The only issue was that it broke for one day of our stay. However, they had it fixed within 24 hours.The ice cream parlor is now closed. They are adding a bar and music club in its place, so it's currently under renovations. That was a disappointment. If you're used to Holiday Inns, Sheratons, and Radissons on the mainland, you may find this Howard Johnson to be a bit on the lackluster side. Depends on whether you find a departure from corporate hotel chain monotony to be refreshing or risky. I felt like the HoJo was a good home base from which to explore the city and the beach. If you want to sip an umbrella drink in a fancy pool, go down the street to the luxurious Intercontinental. If you want a historical and unique hotel surrounded by shopping and dining, try El Convento in Old San Juan. (The bus to Old San Juan, by the way, picks you up for 25 cents across from the HoJo. It's a bit crowded and pick-ups aren't terribly frequent, but it's a great deal!)Food recommendations:-Steak and Co. restaurant has fantastic service and reasonably priced appetizers that doubled as an early dinner for us.-Golden Bagel Bakery has good variety for breakfast and lunch. Bagels aren't great, but the omelettes [and service] were.-The food at Ambrosia in Old San Juan was delicious, but the service was horrible.-We had a passable dinner at the Bohio, across from the Intercontinental. Kind of a glorified Italian joint with some good Latin options.-The ambience at the Intercontinental's outdoor cafe was great. We had dinner on a deck over the beach. Portions are huge!-Because rooms at the HoJo have fridges, we went to one of the two nearby grocery stores and bought some staple foods. It meant we didn't have to trek to find food each day at noon. More time on the beach!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice and clean, a good place to sleep Me and a buddy stayed at the Howard Johnson in San Juan on 6/13/04. It's a good place to just lay your bags and get a decent rest for perhaps a night or two, without denting your wallet too much. Our first choice was a $60/night hotel, but after reading scary reviews for it here on tripadvisor, we decided to go with hojo for $100. At least you've heard of Howard Johnson so you got a good name backing it. Our room was small, but clean, and the location was excellent, right in isla verde and near some nice hotel/casinos like the intercontinental and the wyndham. If you're on a budget and are just looking for a place to put your bags, sleep, and stay clean, the Howard Johnson in San Juan is a good choice.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Henna101
<Content>Great hotel for a last minute decision My boyfriend, his friend, and i decided to take our trip to San Juan at 3am with a flight which was leaving at 7 am. Howard Jhonson is what we came up with at 4Am with 3 hours remaining till our flight. No regrets! We had a fabulous room, great service! Our room was one of the only rooms in the entire hotel with a HUGE balcony looking over Isla Verde and the beach which is right across the street. Gorgeous! The location is excellent with a seven eleven on one side and Burger King on the other, both of which are open 24 hours. The guest services were so helpful and made our last minute getaway one to truly remember.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great little hotel for less The HJ was a fabulous hotel for what we wanted, a place to sleep.My sister, her friend and I stayed at HJ at the end of April for the first part of our trip and again at the end of our trip. it was our first trip to Puerto Rico we were going to visit her friend who lives in Aguadia. At first we booked a fancy hotel in the condado area only to hear that it was away from everything and that we would have to take a cab every day. So in the end even with the deal i got it was not cost efficient.A little more research and my sister found HJ. We decided that to be honest we were not going to be spending much time in the room anyway so why should we get a fancy room. It was 101 the first park of our vacation over the weekend and then 112 the second part of our vacation the weekend as well.The rooms were not huge but not small either. We got a room with 2 beds and the first 2 nights had a cot that I must say was not the most comfortable thing, u felt the springs, but cots are not meant to be cozy.The front desk staff was neither nice nor nasty. We met a hotel manager and he was really nice. And this hotel is safe, the only way you can get upstairs is by having a keycard that u must swipe in hte elevator and will only let u press the floor for which the key corisponds to.(new York hotels should think about that)We didnt bother trying the restaurant on the top floor, too expensive for us and italian food in puerto rico.This hotel was great location, the beach was across the street, u had a 7eleven right next door, u had 2 local clubs down the block, casinos down the block a walgreens open 24 hours down the block. A cockfighting ring a walk away as well as a denny's.If your looking to go out all the time and visit place and sight see and dont plan on spending a hell of a lot of time in your room I really do suggest you stay at the HJ great price for great location and friendly staff in the downstairs restaurant and ice cream parlor, yes that is right they have an ice cream parlor.If you're a hip hop fan checj out 2J's right down the block on friday and saturday nights, usually $5 bucks to get in beware of the dance offs they like those down there. And at 2 am the after hour clubs open and there is one a block past pizza city (dont eat there pizza) I forget the name of the club but on fridays and saturday nights its hot after 3am.The owners of both clubs are extremely nice and same with the bartenders. They will talk to you and you can make some friends down there, trust me we made friends everywhere down there simply because the people are soo friendly.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good choice for a 'moderately-priced' hotel in San Juan In mid-April, I visited San Juan for the first time. I was surprised how expensive the hotels are there. I had used this website beforehand to help me decide which hotel to reserve. The Howard Johnson seemed like the best 'moderately priced' option. I booked a room for $112.50/day. When I got there, I found it to be what I expected; nothing luxurious, just a pretty basic, relatively nice hotel and room. I also was surprised how crowded San Juan is. I always like to have a car wherever I go and rented one for this trip. I suppose not all hotels here have parking lots but HJ does (for $6/day extra). There always were plenty of spaces (they say they have about 130 or so, if I remember correctly). At the other hotel I stayed at (Comfort Inn in the Condado district), parking was an issue. The lot there was very small, only about 10 spaces! I managed somehow to always get a space but very easily I could have been out of luck. And they charge $10/day extra! The Condado district is even more crowded than the Isla Verde district, where HJ is, and I liked the latter area better. HJ has a pool and 2 restaurants - go to the one at the top of the hotel. It's relatively near the beach, but I didnt go. The Comfort Inn was about the same price as HJ and wasnt quite as nice, although I found it OK. Although these 2 hotels are rated closely together on this list, I think HJ is clearly the better choice and I would recommend it to those looking for a moderately-priced hotel in San Juan. Having said that, I think the same hotel wouldn't be more than about $70-80 in most cities in the mainland US.   
<Date>Jun 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really really small room My boyfriend and I flew into San Juan (MAY 2004) and decided to stay at the Howard Johnson's because of the chain name and our experience was pretty good up until our stay at the HOJO in Carolina, PR.The room was very tiny. The bathroom was really gross and lacked big time.I didn't like the room at all. As far as price for accomadation, you are better off staying in an efficiency hotel for a lower rate and probably better accomadations. (YUK!!) The one good thing the Howard Johnson's in Isla Verde has is nice curb appeal, which by the way are the only pictures you will see.We will not be staying in Howard Johnson's, Isla Verde again unless they make some major improvements to their rooms.  
<Date>May 13, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel was great but stay away from the restaurant. Enjoyed the hotel,clean rooms,friendly staff.The restaurant on the top floor was a disaster.Should have known better.An Italian restaurant in Puerto Rico. Took over an hour for the arrival of our meal . The portions were small,prices high , food mediocre,and staff indifferent.Opt out on the bottled water.It was $6.00 per bottle and the only thing the staff was prompt on refilling. Party of 12 ,bill $440.00.Not worth it.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Anne_from_Ohio
<Content>Good location; nice pool; fair price Good value. Located between the airport and Old San Juan (and a block from the beach), this hotel is reasonably clean, the staff were helpful and efficient, and the pool was lovely.The attached restaurant on the first floor is also very good. I recommend the crab stuffed peppers appetizer.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jokerji
<Content>Two thumbs up, way up!!   showReview(1767702, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Adequate quality, value pricing   showReview(1767696, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very good value for money   showReview(1765852, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>breasdad
<Content>Great last minute choice   showReview(1762906, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Howard Johnson, Pr   showReview(1748025, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lambda_by_mu
<Content>Hojo is awesome   showReview(1715821, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice Hotel   showReview(1643426, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not worth $105   showReview(1562125, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>G_Explorer
<Content>Great Price, Location    showReview(1553829, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value, nice hotel and staff   showReview(1538314, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GlobetrotterBremen
<Content>Selbst als Stoppover nicht geeignet   showReview(23313359, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>2	3	2	1	4	3	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buona posizione per visitare Old San Juan   showReview(15567008, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super Lage   showReview(14729787, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ha les vieux b芒timents   showReview(11316450, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>d茅莽u   showReview(11415906, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s rustique.   showReview(11346609, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

