<Author>Happytraveler2000
<Content>Gone down hill We arrived on Christmas eve for 3 days. The T.V. was a joke. No schedule in room and none on TV. Asked desk for channel line-up and were told she didn't have any extras. Asked to have a copy of the master made and when she tried to do it the copy machine broke! Engineer came and said to try channel 17 and we found out we had NO channel 17!The gal on the front desk was new and alone. She tried but was lost.Ice machine was out of order.Cable was very limited and we had step through every number.Had used the Doubletree for years in Phoenix for business. This was not the chain I knew.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>hibachi
<Content>Hotel OK -- you can do better elsewhere My family used to stay at this hotel decades ago when I was a kid, but I hadn't stayed here in 25+ years. My husband and I stayed here for several days over a weekend. We were in town to see family and also were working during the trip, so we used the internet access. Overall, I wasn't impressed, and I will not stay here again. On the positive side, the front desk staff were nice, the hotel had been renovated fairly recently, Doubletree still gives out their famous chocolate chip cookies, and the location is convenient (right by Northpark and the freeway). The biggest negative was that we got stuck in a smoking room, despite having talked to them on the phone in advance and gotten their commitment to reserve a non-smoking room. When we arrived to check in, they said they they didn't have a record of that and no non-smoking rooms were available. So we were stuck; if we had walked out and gone elsewhere, we would have been stuck with the first night charge as a cancellation fee. So we sucked it up and stayed there. What I suspect happened, is that because they had a very large conference in the hotel that weekend (some kind of personal success tony robbins type thing) -- my guess is that the conference ended up wanting more rooms / more non-smoking rooms, and the hotel accommodated the conference people at the expense of those few of us at the hotel that weren't part of the conference. Which makes sense from a financial perspective, but it screwed up our stay. The non-smoking room had been cleaned of course, but it did smell quite musty -- and the worst part, when I got home, was realizing that all my clothes absolutely STANK of smoke. I'm not particular sensitive to smells -- but once out of the room, it was obvious how bad the air had been. I ended up washing, dry-cleaning, and airing out all clothes, shoes and luggage I'd taken on the trip to get rid of the smell. A minor annoyance is the internet fee. It's standard for a lot of upscale hotels (the Ritz Carltons of the world) -- but, most of the business hotels now (and all the discount hotels) offer internet as complimentary. So that additional $10-per-day ding is unnecessary and I was a little surprised that Doubletree was still charging it. We weren't bothered by the conference crowds, but then we didn't use any of the public areas (they did look pretty crowded when we walked through). Parking was a bit of a hassle. The hotel shares its parking with the two big office towers next door, which means parking during the week is crowded, and then parking at the weekend was crowded due to the conference. The main front-door lot isn't large enough, and the underground parking is a little confusing/badly signed, and creepy and isolated at night ( so if you're a female guest alone, you might be uncomfortable parking in the underground garage esp at night ). Bottom line: there are a lot of hotels within a few miles of this place -- you can get a better deal than this.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	3	3	2	

<Author>StarTX
<Content>What an excelllent place I stayed at this Double Tree hotel 2 times. Both were wonderful . My retreat had a party at this Hotel. They give this delious cookie upon checkin. You just have to ask about and it is so soft and soooo good, but enough about that. The Room was clean  in excellent condition. I had extra towels all the time. When I needed something I just had to ask and it was there. The beds were changed daily.Their buffets are a little high priced for me, the food is ok. I did not mind the short walk to the food courts so I paid half of the price that buffet was.There are several places to go in walking are accross the street to the right. Also in the back toward the right. It is a very convient spot to stay.The only thng wrong was the cofee maker, I could not get it to work. The workers were really polite. The check out was swift and very easy. I would reccomend this to my mother, wait I alreay did and she loved it too.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>gracie007
<Content>GreatStay We went to Dallas to pick out a puppy from a breeder and just wanted a cheaper place to stay. We were very pleasantly surprised with this hotel. We got a corner room that had two walls of windows! It has an awesome view and with all the windows it almost felt like we were outside. The bed was extremely comfortable and the bathrooms very clean. They even gave us pipin hot cookies when we checked it. I imagine this place houses a lot of conventions, but there was none there when we went so it felt like we had the whole place to oursleves. We will for sure stay there again. I did not like that we had to pay for internet, but the corner room seriously made up for it!  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	2	3	3	

<Author>ChaunceyGardiner
<Content>Really good hotel; marginal location I was here, solo, for a three day set of meetings. I was fully pleased with the property.Check-in, and ensuing interaction with front desk, were all very positive, crisp and well-handled. I鈥檓 Hilton Gold, so was given a very nice corner room on an upper floor; floor-to-ceiling glass on two of the four walls- nice, even though the view was highway and office buildings. Room was certainly clean. Yes, yes, the bathroom had big stars on the wallpaper, and the hardware was in black metal鈥?this is Texas, and it was done in good taste. Bathroom also clean. The whole hotel had very solid wifi, and I was super happy about this.I must commend this property for the conference room we were in. Excellent food, frequent beverage refills, brand name stuff, and they responded to side requests very quickly. The restaurant was good, and that鈥檚 important鈥?because there is nothing (as previously reported) in walking distance. One day, they even had a separate table out in the lobby for quick sandwiches. Very smart, nice touch.There is a Starbucks about a football field distance from the hotel, and they opened at 5:30am while I was there.Good visit. I wouldn鈥檛 stay here as a base to tourist Dallas, but if you need to be in one of the adjacent office buildings, or have meetings here, it鈥檚 absolutely fine. (and chocolate chip cookies at check-in rock!)  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	2	5	4	5	5	

<Author>TheHorseys
<Content>Lovely lobby, good ambience The Doubletree at the Campbell Centre in Dallas has charm and character; values so often lacking in large hotels aimed at business travellers. The hotel boasts a framed collection of native American arrow heads and the lobby is decorated in a vibrant and tasteful way. There's a comedy club next door. I had a corner room with good views and high speed internet, while breakfast was hearty with a good range of choices. The staff seemed attentive and friendly and there was plenty of parking out front.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Midwesterners007
<Content>Watch your wallet! We stayed at this hotel while at a high school class reunion. It advertised free wireless internet access, but we found out that it's only free in the lobby, which can be noisy and crowded.If you want to use your laptop in your room, it will cost you $10 a day.And don't even think of using the phone to call anyone. Local calls are more than $6 each, though nothing in the hotel information gives the price. Heaven knows what long distance would be. We complained when we checked out and the manager said he would take $13 off our bill, paid by credit card. We'll be waiting to see if that actually happens! If not we'll protest the charge with the credit card company.Two Midwesterners  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	3	-1	1	

<Author>Bedbugg
<Content>Good Hotel My stay at the Doubletree Hotel was for a conference. The hotel is located in what a friend of mine described as an 鈥渋sland d in a sea of freeways.鈥?Nestled between two office towers called the Campbell Centre I and II, the hotel is near the Northpark shopping mall. This upscale shopping mall is within walking distance of the hotel and there are several good restaurants located near the mall. However, there is no way to walk to any place close by due to the lack of sidewalks or pedestrian paths. The only way to get anywhere safely is by car, the hotel shuttle or a taxi. Be prepared to rely on your own wheels, a taxi, a shuttle or a friend鈥檚 car for getting around or risk being hit by a car trying to walk anywhere. If you do drive yourself, there is free outdoor parking in front of the hotel entrance. You can also use the free underground parking directly under the hotel. Ask at the front desk when you check in about it and they will give you the access code for gaining entry and exit. There is an elevator you that will take directly from the underground parking garage directly to your hotel room floor. At check-in the staff at the front desk was very friendly and they give out free fresh baked cookies in the afternoons. The front desk was very good about answering questions and making suggestions for dinner and lining up transportation via the hotel shuttle. The rooms appear to be recently remodeled and were clean. The beds were comfortable and they were fitted with down comforters and down pillows. My bathroom was papered with large stars, for the Lone Star State, somewhat overwhelming. The bathroom amenities consisted of face and bath soap, shampoo, conditioner, body lotion, and a small tube of face cream, all Neutrogena products. Be aware that the water from the tap is not pleasant to drink. However, the hotel doesn鈥檛 miss a beat and provides a large bottle of water on the dresser for $4.00. You might want to consider going to the convenience store next to the hotel or the Bay Street Deli next-door for cheaper bottled water. See my notes below for locations of these places. All the rooms have floor to ceiling windows with good views. I was located on the 4th floor. During the time I stayed here a winter storm arrived with rain and cold. Upon arrival my windows were covered with condensation and there were puddles of water on the floor window ledge. A leak in the window created a constant drip. When the rain stopped the condensation went away as well as the drip. The heating and cooling system worked well, but the room had a slight musty odor that must have been due to the high humidity in the room. The windows could not be opened, so there was no way to get any outside fresh air into the room. During my stay housekeeping was prompted, but they didn鈥檛 seem to do a good job of vacuuming the room each day. They also didn鈥檛 leave an extra roll of toilet paper, so if you arrive and it is low, ask for more.The hotel has a workout room and an outside running/walking area on the 2nd floor. The equipment was a good variety, high tech, some with individual TVs and included treadmills, bikes, weight machine, free weights and best of all a really clean exercise room! I didn't check out the pool. The hotel also has an agreement with local nearby gym that you can use for $15 a day. You can try to walk the short distance to the gym, but I would suggest that you use the hotel shuttle to get there or risk being run over by the local traffic. Room service was prompt, but the prices, were a bit high. They also charge an additional 21% for a room services tip and a $2.00 service fee in addition to the regular sales tax. A bowl of soup, $4 on the menu ran to almost $7 with the add-ons. The restaurant food, which is also the room service vendor, was good and the selection was adequate. However, if you don鈥檛 want to spend a lot there is place called the Bay Street Deli that is located just off the hotel lobby near the restaurant in one of the Campbell Center buildings which are connected to the hotel. The Deli served a quick hot breakfast, hot lunch and sandwiches. To get there go past the hotel restaurant and gift shop, up the stairs, through the double glass doors and into the Campbell Center building. You will see it on the right as you walk down that hallway. The prices there are very reasonable; I paid $5 for a large two enchilada meal with pinto beans and coleslaw. This was not a simple quick dish, it really tasted like something you would get a good Mexican restaurant. The Deli is not associated with the hotel. There is also a bar lounge that is open to the lobby, just across from the hotel restaurant. The lounge opens into an area that is also a library of books that you can take to read. There are hundreds of hardback books available with a variety of titles. It is on the honor system to return them.The conference rooms were well lighted. The room we were in was somewhat cool, but when requested the hotel staff was able to elevate the temperature to a decent level. The noise level from another conference, across the wall divider from our conference, at times was annoying. There is light rail train that you can take to downtown Dallas and areas north of the hotel. This light rail train runs right by the hotel. Unfortunately, you have to take the hotel shuttle to the train station down the road a ways as the train does not stop at the hotel.If you do need to visit a convenience store there is one located just next to the hotel on the east side. To get there safely you will need to go through the underground parking garage and walk out the east entrance drive, across the light rail tracks and into the convenience store parking lot. Again, there are no sidewalks, so be careful. Not the greatest place to be stranded for a week, but it was pleasant and I would come back.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Artistseye
<Content>Is this a hotel or a disco? I posted a review a couple of months ago about how much we enjoyed this hotel. I wish I could say the same about our most recent stay but that is just not the case. This was probably our worst hotel stay ever and I don't know if I can go back to see if they 'break the tie' and redeem themselves by staying another time. When we arrived at the Doubletree we were pleased to get a great room on the 20th floor. We left for dinner and when we returned there was a band playing on the 21st floor that was incredibly loud - it sounded like we were in a disco. The bass was so loud it sent ripples through the bottled water on the nightstand. We called down to the front desk and were assured that the party would end at 10. So we figured we'd watch a little tv and wait until it ended. 10:30 came and the band was still going strong. We called downstairs again and the assured us that by 11 they would wrap it up and be done but if we wanted to change rooms they would move us. Since I was already unpacked and in bed I didn't want to move so we decided to tough it out another half hour. At 11:15 I called again - band still going strong and we were told the manager was on the way upstairs because they'd had complaints to the 16th floor. At 10 past midnight we called downstairs AGAIN and were told that it is a birthday party and they paid for the room until 1 am so the band might play that long. I threw on some clothes and went down to the front desk where two morons who were not at all apologetic and told me they could do nothing about the noise but would move us (reluctantly) to another room. We went back to the room, packed all of our stuff and MOVED in the middle of the night to the 5th floor. We called the Hilton Diamond line 4 times in the midst of all of this and they told us they called the manager of the property but there was nothing they could do. When we finally got to our new room we could still hear the bass pounding away all the way down to the 5th floor but finally got some sleep. The next morning we went down and asked to speak with the manager who was too busy to see us. We have 260 Hilton nights in the last 12 months and this is the WORST Hilton property we've had in all of that time. We have loved this hotel in the past and are terribly disappointed in the lack of interest on the part of the staff and management at this hotel. They could care less that the ridiculous planning that would allow a party with a loud band to hold the hotel hostage until 1 am would make the rest of their guests very unhappy.Bottom line is if a facility wants to book parties that go on to the wee hours be a nightclub - if you want to be a HOTEL where people SLEEP shut the music down at 10. But you can not do both. We have contacted Hilton corporate about this complaint and would encourage others to do so also if they have a similar issue.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	3	3	1	1	1	

<Author>BunnyMunny
<Content>Good spot to stay! Especially if you want to shop @ Northpark! Great view(20th floor-facing away from downtown, but still ok!). Nice comfy beds, clean. Not so great--no free WiFi in your room! It's 9.95 a day. You can use your laptop in the lobby area for free, or use one of the 3 computers in the business center for free. Also, TV gets only about 6 channels, most of them selling something, so not a full cable lineup. Movies were $12.95. They did have a porn channel titled Pornucopia, haha, didn't check that out, though :)Front desk staff very nice. Restaurant had good food, even though it was pretty unoccupied. Lounge/bar area really busy on a Saturday night. Library sitting area in the lobby, tons of books. Kid-friendly. Close to the NorthPark mall. Close and plentiful parking.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>farmers_daughter59
<Content>a nice hotel for not a lot of money We just returned from Dallas, where we stayed at the Doubletree. We checked in on Christmas Eve, and left this morning (the 26th). The hotel was very clean--inside and out. Since it was Christmas Eve and a lot of restaurants closed early, we went to the bar and had drinks and food. The chicken fajita nachos we had were very tasty, and the service was fast and friendly. The only minor complaint we had about our room was that it had an adjoining door, so when some folks checked in around 10:30 that night, we could easily hear their conversation. Fortunately they were very quiet, but the next morning, we asked to change rooms--the hotel was fairly empty since it was Christmas. The front desk clerk apologized about our room, and found us another one immediately. She also apologized for not having a bellman available at that time to help us move, but it was no big deal to us. We also had a Christmas goodie bag hanging on our door that morning---a nice touch. The hotel was clean, and the staff was unfailingly polite and friendly. We will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>pushthedonebutton
<Content>pleasant staff, nice rooms, but... I visited in mid Oct 2007 and the fitness room and recreation area (deck, jacuzzis, etc.) were all under renovation.The corner rooms have nice views, but the rooms facing Hwy 75 are not well insulated enough to filter out the considerable road noise even on the 13th floor.Breakfast buffet is nice, witha FB staffer there to make you an omelete to order along with the usual fare of eggs, bacon, sausage, juices, hot/cold cereal, yougurt, pancakes, biscuits and gravy and more.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>longhorn_mike
<Content>Convenient to Greenville Ave I stayed here while in Dallas for the Texas-Oklahoma football game. Found it to be very convenient for access to bars and restaurants on or near Greenville Ave.The room was clean and comfortable, up to typical Doubletree Standards. Staff was friendly and tried to get me into my room early when I arrived at 11:00 am. Although they couldn't check me in then due to the high occupancy that day, I appreciated the effort.The bar in the lobby has a couple TVs and was good for killing time. I do recall that the price of a bloody mary was for some reason a little high relative to other drinks.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>PK_in_KC
<Content>Quiet, beautiful view, very nice staff Very clean rooms, quiet property. The building is all glass, so I had a wall of windows and a corner room. Fantastic view. Downside is the room faced West and was very warm from the Dallas sun. Staff was very courteous and helpful.Not a lot of good restaurants very close .. Galleria Mall is about 8 miles away.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	-1	3	

<Author>MarianneAletta
<Content>Five Star Review I am typing this review from a King Corner room and j ust as I was preparing to write this 5-star review, Doubletree Guest Services called to see how I am enjoying my stay and to ask if I needed a wake-up call.Seriously? I've stayed at hotels five times more expensive than this without this level of service.Let's start with parking: easy, close to the front door, free.Lobby decor: Spectacular. Shades of a far more expensive boutique hotel.Reception: friendly, efficient, all of my Hilton Honors amenities (breakfast coupons, free internet access) were stapled to my room key envelope without my having to ask. Two people waited on me and, of course, the warm chocolate chip cookie was just what I needed after a long trip.The room key worked on the first swipe.Room: clean, bright, tastefully decorated. The shape of the corner room is very cool. I love the two walls of floor-to-ceiling windows!Room service: Expansive menu. Fast delivery (20 minutes). You can eat healthy (and inexpensively) in this hotel. I dined on a grilled chicken, artichoke and wheat pasta dish with pesto sauce. Just over 300 calories and very filling. I coupled it with a moderately priced Texas white wine which was superb for the price point ($7).Internet access: $9.95 or free if you're a Hilton Honors member. Con: no wireless internet access. Not a big deal.TV: What's this I read in previous reviews about there being no free cable? There is free cable. As a matter of fact, I am watching a free movie right now.That's it. This is now my favorite 'Hilton Family' hotel to stay in the Dallas area. I even like it better than the Hilton Lincoln Center.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ProudTexan
<Content>Very nice renovation! I had stayed here a couple of years ago. They renovated this hotel very recently and are actually still competing the updating. The rooms and the lobby look great! Very nice job. The business center is wonderful --- three computers that provide complimentary internet access. The location of this hotel is wonderful. My only gripe is that the gym is not renovated yet so the hotel does not have a workout facility up and running right now. But, hang tight --- they are working on it and if it is anything like the rest of the renovations, you will not be disappointed!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>SkiCountry
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised The service was excellent from arrival to departure. The Front Desk Agents were extremely helpful and informative, the bellman was also great. My guest room was very roomy and comfortable. The front desk called my room after I checked in to assure everything was good with my room, a standard for their hotel that I have not experienced at other hotels. I attended a conference at the hotel and the banquet staff, audio visual staff, and catering staff were all great. The breakfasts, however, during the conference had too many sweet items. It would have been nice to have some bagels or muffins at least. I realize this may not be the hotels fault if the client selected the breakfasts, but the catering staff should keep that in mind as they guide their clients through the selection process. DFW is about a 35 minute drive from the hotel which was the only downside. Overall experience was a very pleasant surprise.  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The cookies are not the only good thing about DoubleTree       Central exit Caruth Haven  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>snoopron
<Content>Do not stay here! The hotel staff were very blatent about giving preference to guests who book on Hilton and giving second rate rooms and service to those who book on sites such as Expedia. Given the poor condition of this hotel, they should be treating ALL guests as valuable b/c the hotel itself leaves a lot to be desired. I will not be staying at this hotel again!  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A three star hotel with a five star heart! My wife and I have stayed in this hotel several times in the last four years and I have had nothing but positive experiences. That is not to say each stay has been perfect. I rate the quality of the hotel not only on the amenities, but also on how the staff deal with less than perfect situations. Although most of my stays have been as close to perfect, there was a situation where a pipe burst in our room. It left some of our clothes wet and got in the way of an important function that we had to attend at the very moment we discovered the mess. When contacted the manager sprang into action dealing with the situation with a let's make the best out of a bad situation attitude and professionalism that I would reward handsomely when my own staff exhibits this virtue. He comped the room, had our wet clothes cleaned before we left the next day (5:00AM!), and sent up two or three employees to move our things to a new room so we would not be late for our event. The hotel staff took a situation out of their control and made us feel like they did all they could to make us happy. As a result, it is the only hotel we stay in when in Dallas.  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>FANTASTIC Hotel I have just completed a stay for a business convention at the Doubletree, and I must say that it was excellent. Having read the other reviews on this hotel, I was a little worried. There is nothing better than expecting the worst, and getting a fantastic expierence. The meeting I was attending had over 200 people, and the hotels banquet, front desk, sales, and housekeeping departments were very attentive to all our needs. The food was spectacular, and the rooms were clean, and what a view of the city.My company has rebooked there for meetings in 2007 and 2008.I would definitlly recomend this hotel  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This place is a dump! How much do I dislike this hotel? Let me count the ways. I really don鈥檛 know where to begin. I stayed at this hotel in late March 2006 for a conference. The trouble started with the foul odor that greeted me when I opened the door to my room and did not end until I had to sit through a hotel blackout on the last day of my stay. There are so many complaints that I want to voice about this hotel, but I will stick to the abbreviated version. Some of the problems I encountered during my stay included stains on the carpet in the hallway; wallpaper that was peeling off the walls in the hallway; stains on the carpet in my room; a foul odor that lingered in my room for the two nights that I stayed; and a nauseating lunch of a soggy sandwich and soggy chips. I will never stay at the hotel again!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Again! It is a beautiful hotel with a beautiful room, but it has a MAJOR problem. The pipes in the bathroom made really loud noises all night long! We had a baby with us who slept though all the noise - if he would have waken up, we would have insisted on changing rooms. But we were exhausted and it was most important that the baby slept. The noises woke me up at least every 30-45 minutes. When we checked out of our room, we told the attendant our complaints and we were told that they often hear that same complaint. So, I recommend you never stay at this hotel no matter how beautiful it looks initially.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>1	3	-1	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Whitnorm
<Content>Nice hotel, good location good price We really enjoyed this hotel for it's nice lobby area and location. However, I felt our room was not very clean, and our bathroom didn't seem very clean either. Cleanliness is very important to me too. We had a corner room at the end of a hall. Also, there is no swimming pool which is odd to me. There is a sundeck with 3 spas, but no pool. We did enjoy laying out at the sundeck though, but it got really hot out there with no pool! I liked this hotel and would recommend it for its location mostly - plus we got a $79 a night rate!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WOW-Great hote!! I had a great time during my recent business trip. The hotel staff was very friendly and always willing to help with directions and general information. The hotel is OLD but CLEAN!! The room had a GREAT view of Dallas. The complimentary van service was nice. I received a hassle free late check out! I can't recommend this hotel enought!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wise2374
<Content>Fair business hotel, only accessible by car Stayed here a few nights on business, and found it fine. Hotel itself is mildly run down - on the outside and in the lobby. Rooms are absolutely standard - with small and older TV's than I'm used to seeing in the business chains. But everything was clean and comfortable enough. The hotel has a very decent restaurant and bar - I ordered room service and was impressed with it, actually. Views from the rooms are pretty nice too. However, there was some problem with the lone elevator that seemed to be working - a few of us waited over five minutes (!) for the elevator on the lobby floor the first night checking in. After that, however, there weren't any problems. The hotel is adjacent to the Campbell Centre, a business park, and there's a few restaurants and malls in the area, but very little you'd want to go to within walking distance. So you'd probably only want to stay here if you had a reason to be in North Dallas, and had a car.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>willbegone
<Content>excellent location, OK hotel for business stay Excellent central locatoin with restaurants and shopping a short drive away. The hotel is very old and shows its age. I didn't see any activity in the hotel restaurant. The room was tired but OK. There was mold and discolortaion on various surfaces in the bathroom. The bathroom had a very low ceiling due to an access hatch that was in the ceiling for some reason. Check-in and Check-out process were OK. Parking was free and convenient. Although this property looks very intriguing from the outside with it's gold reflective glass, the inside is nothing special. Overall, it's an OK place for an overnight stay for a business traveler.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, location, location, with a terrific view!! We stayed at the Doubletree the last weekend in January. We were quite impressed. I purchased the romance package with champaine and chocolate covered strawberrys. We had a corner room and the view was beautiful. We recieved a free breakfast buffet the following morning. I thought it was pretty good. It had most anything you would find on a buffet. We had a marvelous time. Everyone was polite and helpful. We are planning another trip in the fall. I felt we really got our moneys worth. Thanks DoubleTree for the great weekend!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JayinNY
<Content>decent hotel, problems with fire safety Rooms are well furnished and laid out. Corner rooms on each floor are especially nice with great views. Front desk service is barely adequate. The restaurant and room service are overpriced for this area, and seem to get used only by the desperate. While I was at the hotel, there was a fire alarm on another floor, and members of my group who were on that floor reported that exit doors from the stairwell were locked, and they ended up trapped in the stairwell where they could have died from smoke inhalation had there really been a fire. This was reported to the hotel, and hopefully rectified.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DamnSaltyHam
<Content>Great view, ok room, little service I only stayed here for a night, so may not be the most comprehensive review, but there were some basic issues that bug me at any hotel. First off, took us forever to check in because the hotel staff was apparently not aware they gave discounts through the Dallas Convention and Visitors Bureau. I had booked and confirmed the reservation through the DCVB website, and called ahead to make sure the hotel had it, but on check-in they attempted to charge me $30 more than the room rate I confirmed with DCVB. I know these things happen, and I didn't get irritated until they seemed openly skeptical of the rate I said I booked, even after I gave them a reciept of the transaction. It took several terse words and phone calls and 15 minutes to straighten it out. When we finally got into the room it was fine, terrific view and adequately comfy. But could have been cleaner in the bathroom (the oft seen stray hairs in the tub problem, etc.) and the air vents were grungy. Later we noticed old room service trays in the hall that should have long since been picked up, and that's never a good sign at a hotel that's not full. The place just had a deserted feel about it in general, staff-wise, that I wasn't comfortable with. That's probabaly the main reason I'd go elsewhere, staff training and numbers seemed lacking. On the other side of the coin, the big plus is a great central location and the view from the floor-to-ceiling windows in the room - awesome. If you do stay there, I would highly recommend the DCVB website for a good room deal, even with the check-in hassle, as the rate we got was way better than I have seen online or elsewhere for this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

