<Author>LarchieJackson_MS
<Content>What the hotel lacks in amenities, it makes up for in location and price We stayed here from December 30, 2008 to January 2, 2009, and had a blast.It is a small hotel and the location cannot be beat. It is super close to the french quarter, practically in the french quarter, as it is located at Esplande and Decatur. We were able to walk anywhere in the quarter that we wanted to; a jaunt down to Cafe du Monde was but 5 to 7 minutes.It was also extremely inexpensive for its location: we were paying $140 a night on New Year's Eve, which was amazing and wonderful. Apparently, it is less expensive on less desirable nights, as well.The courtyard was great; it was a wonderful place to gather. Since we were there with several other people (across several rooms), it was a great spot to meet before heading out for the day (or night). There was a hot tub we took advantage of, and a pool. Most of the rooms face onto the courtyard and it has a great feel to it. Loved, loved, loved the charm of the place. Our hotel room had a tile floor and black out curtains, which kept it really, really dark all day (perfect for New Orleans).Per the downsides, there were several: first, I was told that rooms on the first floor facing the courtyard could be noisy; apparently, whatever was going on out there sounded like it was going on in your room. Second, the rooms were all pretty small, and the sheets pretty scratchy. The pillows were old and not comfy (but the bed was soft). The linens were dated. Third, and perhaps most important or our biggest complaint, the shower was bad. Weird little stream of water coming out and it would go from hot to cold to hot in the blink of an eye - definitely not an ideal showering experience; we also didn't have enough towels, and they weren't very good.However, those gripes pale in comparison to the pluses of the Frenchman, and I definitely recommend this hotel, especially to those traveling in groups on a budget. If you want luxury, go somewhere else, if you want a great, close in place to stay for cheap, stay at the Frenchman.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	5	2	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>chiguy50
<Content>Mixed Bag We spent 4 nights at the Frenchmen from 25 to 29 Dec 2008. It was our first visit to this hotel, although we had stayed at its sister establishment, the Lamothe House, last year and had been satisfied with that experience. We booked our reservations at Bookit.com and paid an average nightly rate of about $88 including all taxes and fees plus Enhanced Continental Breakfast Daily and Free Hotel Parking (more on these last two items later). Firstly, kudos to managers Joe, Betsy, and Kaniesha (sp.?) for their great customer service. All three could not have been more friendly and accommodating, and they made our stay all the more pleasant. Overall, our stay met our expectations given the price we had paid. We particularly appreciated the convenience of the hotel's location in the Marigny district, just one block east of the French Quarter, and the availability of hotel parking (nominally $15 per day) at no additional cost. The Frenchmen has 7 garaged parking spaces and four curbside spaces designated for loading. Upon arrival we were assigned to room 208, which we found had several issues, among them a missing TV remote, defective bedside lamp, non-functioning bathroom ventilator, and burned out vanity bulb. When we brought these items to Joe's attention, he immediately offered to find us another room. Knowing that the hotel was fully booked for Saturday the 27th, I asked Joe whether we would be able to keep the new room for the duration of our stay and he said that he would do some juggling to see to it that we could. Our new room, no. 209, was perfectly acceptable. Problem efficiently and cordially solved.When we checked in we were concerned about the availability of the limited garage space for all four days; this was a key factor for us in choosing this hotel based on the scarcity of free parking in N.O. and the high cost of garaging. But Joe, who had issued us our parking pass, assured us that he would never issue more passes than he had spaces available. Nonetheless, the one time we left the garage, on Sunday the 28th, we returned to find all spots occupied. Betsy, who was then on duty, explained that the part-timer who had been manning the desk that day had apparently not kept track of the arrivals. Betsy apologized for the mix up and directed us to one of the curbside spaces. Problem solved with just minor irritation.Know that the Frenchmen is an older facility, with all the charms and drawbacks that entails. We particularly enjoyed returning to our room to find the New Orleans experience continues in the form of a bare brick interior wall with fireplace, high ceilings, French doors, hardwood floors, and antique furniture. However, if you require the most modern of plumbing and electrical conveniences or upscale linens and towels, you will be disappointed. No terry-cloth bathrobes here! The only aspect that caused us any discomfiture was the overly soft and saggy bed mattress. But then again, we were not expecting luxury and were not overly inconvenienced.Our biggest disappointment was probably the enhanced breakfast. Having previously stayed at the Lamothe House, we thought we knew what to expect. Not so. Other than coffee, tea, sugar-based O.J., cold (mostly sugar-coated) cereal, and instant oatmeal packets, the only nourishment offered was PBJ and bread, and (to us) unappealing sugar-coated doughnuts. When I asked Joe about the availability of fresh fruit, he replied that they had lost their vendor and were looking for another. I accepted his explanation, but, really, how hard it is to find a source of fresh fruit in N.O.? Given the claim of an enhanced continental breakfast, I would have expected the management to provide a better product.Again, overall we enjoyed our stay and felt we were well treated and were provided adequate value for our dollar. I would not hesitate to recommend either the Frenchmen or the Lamothe House to anyone looking for a charming or funky hotel in a quiet location close to the French Quartier for under $100 including parking.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	5	-1	4	

<Author>javaheidi
<Content>Great Place for a Wedding! I did a lot of calling around to find a hotel outside of the Quarter for all of our wedding guests to stay. The Frenchmen was willing to give us a great deal for all of our guests,and they have a beautiful patio we could rent to hold the wedding ceremony in the day time and the reception in the evening. We ended up in a suite just off the patio, with out best maid and her partner in the attached suite (rooms 300  301). The two suites are separate, but they are joined by a foyer that has an outer door that can be locked from the inside. It was very nice: BIG, airy, lots of places to store things. The major suite has a large sitting room with a very comfy couch and several chairs. There's a dining area with a table and chairs just off of the kitchen. Did I mention there's a kitchen?? It's got a full size fridge and dishwasher. The only thing missing is an oven/stove, but there was a microwave. The bathroom was large, with 2 sinks. The tub/shower was smallish, I'd like to have had a detachable shower head, but all in all it was nice. The walk-in closet is as big as some rooms I've stayed in!The bedroom was of a good size, with a HUGE, very comfortable bed and 2 doors leading out to the balcony. The balcony overlooking Frenchmen street on Halloween had to be one of the best things about staying here. It was noisy and went on forever, but we *were* there to party! The balcony is shared by our suite and the adjoining suite. Since we were together, it made it a nice way to open up the whole space to all of us. The two suites are connected by a foyer that has an outer lock so you can leave the suite doors open, and with the outer door locked, no one can come in from outside. If you don't know the guests in the other suite, all of this may be problematic for you, as you might feel yourself lacking a little privacy (ie, the doors from the bedroom to the balcony have only very shear curtains!)We truly enjoyed our stay at the Frenchmen. It's an excellent location, within walking distance of many great bars and restaurants and the Quarter as well. We plan to stay here anytime we return to The Big Easy.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>judy523
<Content>Clean,friendly, great stay We stayed here in April, and are returning in two weeks. We were extremely happy with the friendly helpful staff. The location is great. A few steps from the french market. For the price you cant go wrong. The rooms are clean and nicely decorated. I have heard that some of the rooms can be quite small, but check ahead and request one that will suit you. If you only plan to sleep ( you are in new orleans ) then the size shouldn't matter. All in all, this is a perfect low price place to stay.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>TravelnCowgirl
<Content>Loud at times.........just okay Ladies beware..........small bathrooms and the tub is beyond tiny. Our suite was nice, on the 2nd floor in the front of the hotel facing the street. At times- it could get really loud outside and when people hung out in the lower hallways- but not a bad experience. The bed was very comfy and the couch was great to have. The frig was not cold at all and the mirrors were very dirty. We loved sitting on our balcony for morning coffee. I missed having a phone to call the lobby but the iron and ironing board in each room was great. Catching a trolly car across the street was always easy. Later in the night-they started to run slower. Not everyone on the hotel staff was friendly- that was not a plus in my book. Air- conditioner ran very cold.......  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>amiyaz
<Content>More Motel than Hotel, but Okay. When paying less than $80/night for a room, one must not expect Ritz-like accommodations. For the midweek price, it could be said that for the price it couldn't be beat and anything would suffice. The location on Frenchmen St. is convenient to both Jazz clubs and restaurants down the road in the Marigny along with the French Quarter only a few blocks away.Over our recent stay in NOLA, my boyfriend and I had the opportunity to stay at three different properties in the Marigny, which made for an interesting opportunity to make a comparison between similarly priced options.Although the desk staff was always approachable and friendly, the Queen room that we stayed at (Room 103) was much more cramped than expected, since we had made the decision to opt spending more money for more space. When I approached the staff to verify that it was indeed the right room, I was told that the Standard rooms are really small. We found it hard to believe that it would be possible, since the door brushed up against the bed when you opened it and the space around the bed only allowed for one person to pass at a time. It must be noted that my boyfriend is 6'3 so space is mildly important for us. When the cleaning people were cleaning out Room 101 the next morning, we got a glimpse into what amazing space another room had and we asked for next time what to order in order to get such a luxurious space with two bed stands and room to leap into the room before reaching the bed. To our surprise, this was a Queen size room as well, so just be aware that there is great variation between what constitutes this size of room, so you may wish to phone the Frenchmen ahead of time in order to make a special request for one of the larger rooms.Opening up the door, the smell of cleaning products (a kind of bubble gum mixed with chemical odor) nearly knocked us over. I have to admit that I'm traditionally sensitive to smells, but after 3 nights, there was still a faint smell of chemicals and we had request to not have our room cleaned out with the stuff out of fear that we'd only have to air out the room more so.All that being said, it really wasn't a horrible place, though the price over the weekend in my opinion would not justify staying here vs. a slightly larger and personable space in a local BB. During the week, it would really be up to you...the breakfast was endless tea/coffee and simple bread/donuts weren't bad. There weren't insects or mold infesting the space, and the only negatives I mentioned in previous paragraphs. Next time, I think I would opt to spend $30 more a night for a BB but that's only my personal opinion, but if you want a cheap place that's central and no frills, then this is the Hotel for you. Also, if you're a small family, the Suites I was told are a great value and nice space.As you can tell from my review, leaving the Frenchmen, we were torn about how we felt, so I'm deeming this an average stay. You should note that we're pretty no-frills travelers, staying predominantly in guesthouses, BBs and hostels when we venture, so value comes down to being a matter of price and expectations. I'm left undecided . . .  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>hypersam
<Content>A Really Charming Hotel!! My wife and I stayed at The Frenchmen during Voodoo Fest. We really loved it! The staff was very helpful with sound suggestions and directions. We stayed in a quaint little room on the first floor. It was small but charming and the queen size bed was very comfortable. The maid staff never hassled us about sleeping in and the front desk was fine with us checking out a bit late. Thanks Kenisha! The Marigny neighborhood was awesome with great cuisine and killer music. We will most definitely be back!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>xlime
<Content>Fun at the Frenchmen We went to the Frenchmen for a wedding. The couple chose the Frenchmen as their first choice for their out of town guests which is how we came to stay there. They were very nice on the phone. Overall, we had a great time. The location was fantastic. Easy to walk to all kinds of stuff. The place was really cute overall. It was great hanging our around the pool or on the roof deck. They were very accommodating with our big loud group and they had great wireless service. The rooms are very well airconditioned. There was a strange odor in our room that got worse if you turned the air down. The fan in the bathroom didn't work - I think this may have been the issue. For the money it was totally fine though. My only real complaint is the bed. It was awful - way too soft. Really, just, terrible. Other than the bed and the smell, I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	2	3	5	

<Author>islandgirlinlondon
<Content>Great place to stay!!! The hotel is a lovely place to stay. The rooms were really unique and well air conditioned and all the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Being on the edge of the French Quarter you can walk to most places. Walking back from a night out on Bourbon Street also felt safe and not too far.I would definately recommened a stay here!!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lasfloras
<Content>a little getaway While it was charming, cute and very affordable, I'm not sure if the sheets were changed before I got there! The breakfast pastries are basically donuts and toast, but there is ample tea and coffee, which is good!It is such a cute place and a great location, in terms of proximity to wonderful music and excellent food, but the downside of that is that it is noisy for the weekend nights as Friday and Saturday night the crowds party late into the night.Also, the hot tub was not working, which I'm not sure about why. Still it was a bargain for the price/location and the adorable courtyard/deck/balcony to hang out on.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>bobinca
<Content>Review of the staff/pricing/etc. Ok, this is a little bit different. We are staying at the Frenchmen next month. I am writing this because I am so impressed with the help from the staff. Extremely curteous and helpful each time I called,,,,be it describing the room, property, etc. as well as suggestions of restaurants, etc. in the area.A friend of a friend stayed there and recommended the Frenchmen to me. He said that he did a lot of research and has stayed in New Orleans in the past, and that the Frenchmen is clean and by far the best value that he has found in the area. I was impressed with little things such as the fact that they don't charge for rollaway beds, where as other hotels will charge $20 or so for that. I will write a review of our stay in November.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JQMontrealTheo
<Content>Aug 16 to Aug 23 2008. I have to tell you, up front, that we like to travel local i.e. small hotels, BB preferably, eat local. We also do a great job to inquire about the place we travel to. We like off the touristic beaten path stuff and most of all want to sample the local life. So we never go to all-inclusive or group travel. The hotel is very interesting if you like being close to fellow residents and want to exchange around the breakfast table.Rooms are just the right size (when you use it as a stop-and-go in daytime and to sleep. They are, most of all, very clean altough not new. We were in a room just by the poolside with old frenchdoors (very romantic, but you hear pretty much everything that people in the pool do/say. especially true when the A/C is taking a break in-between 2 refreshing cycles.)Pool rules say that it closes at midnight but there's always somebody to have a smoke (rooms are non-smoker, a very big ++) or a last cooling dip before sleeping. We had to intervene only once for a group of youngster coming back from Bourbon street were continuing the party by our door at 2:30 am. Otherwise the average residents were couples and congressists. No kids when we were there. Of course week-end tends to be noisier for younger croud comes in.The bathroom is on the small side without counter space but a 2-shelves metal unit hanging overt he toilet was doing the job. The only negative side would be not enough towel rack space.Breakfast was fair but i would have like to see some variety during the week. Doughnuts, toast, oatmeal and cereal are great but could get very monotonous after few days. furthermore I was kinda expecting to see some french croissant or some muffins somewhere during the week (ok ! it's the french in me that speaks but eating sugarglazed doughnuts every morning is not my forte!!) ;o)Staff (front desk and room service) was very friendly and helpful. Although young and some being freshly arrived in town, the frontdesk staff made efforts to give us the proper info and tips they could and were honest in their recommandations (restaurants, day-trip and directions).Although not a 5-stars rating, i do recommend if you like to keep it simple and keep money to do go around town and area. If, like us, you're avoiding the hiltons, Holliday Inns and other chain whenever possible, you'll be pleased by this hotel.By the way it is very well located if you want to be close to action without being in it 24/7. Everything in the French Quarter is at a walking distance and the cable car/tramway is just around the corner so you can get around town very easily.I'm rating this as a 4.8/5 and not as a 5/5 just for the little things I have said (lack of variety in breakfast, missing drying rack and some noise) it would be a 97% rating (to me 5/5 would be 100%) so close but just missed it. Would defitively go back there if I am in town.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Regina9431
<Content>Won't stay at the Frenchmen Hotel again. My husband and I were the party traveling with the previous poster (kjacklpn). We were the ones in the room with no air conditioning and no ceiling fan. When we arrived at the hotel (1 p.m., not 10 a.m.) were did store our luggage in the hotel office and were told that our rooms were not ready. We left and walked around the city until 3 p.m. (check-in). When we arrived back at the hotel at 3, we were then told that one of our rooms had no air conditioning and the air conditioning in the other room was leaking. We were also told that a repairman had been contacted and he would probably be there within an hour. We were aggravated because we were tired (after driving 8 hours) and very hot, and felt like since the room obviously had no a/c at check out that day, that someone should have already been there to repair it, and it was evident that no one had been called until in the afternoon. The repairman did show up. He haphazardly got our a/c running (run and then cut off, run and cut off), but with the Music Festival in town, and no other choice, it was better than nothing at all.Our room was very small, bathrooms much smaller. We didn't have a bathroom mirror on the wall. Not a big deal to a man, but to a woman, we kinda like to have a mirror when getting dressed. I asked the desk clerk if one could be found, he said he'd work on it, but never got back to me. Room was pretty clean, however, the floors hadn't been mopped in several days as evident by the bottoms of our socks.All in all, not very impressed by the Frenchmen Hotel. Probably wouldn't stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>2	5	2	3	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>aaaabbbbcccc
<Content>Loved it!!!! My husband, daughter and I stayed 4 nights in July 2008. We found the location to be excellent. The streetcar stop just around the corner was very convenient and we loved the proximity to the French Quarter and the great music found down the street in the Marigny District. Our car was very safe on the street in front of the hotel. We had a room with two very comfortable queen sized beds, an armoire, a dresser, comfortable chair, and nice sized bathroom. The A/C was ice cold (which we loved) and the pool was very refreshing.We visited with three different desk clerks during our stay and all were friendly, knowledgable and helpful.We will definitely stay at The Frenchmen again should we return to NOLA.Very happy customers from Kansas!!!!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>kjacklpn
<Content>Horrible experience Was at the Frenchman Hotel July 5-6, 2008. My experience was horrible. We had two rooms and neither one of them had air conditioning when we arrived. This time of year is HOT in New Orleans. One of the units was fixed but the other never was. In the room without air, the ceiling fan failed to work as well. This room did not have a mirror on the bathroom wall. The manager was nice enough but the desk clerk was rude and not very considerate consider the mess that we walked into. On the brighter side, the furniture is beautiful and the rooms, although very tiny and cramped, were decorated nicely. The bathrooms were tiny and cramped. For all of this, I feel like the Frenchman was overrated and overpriced. It will not be on my agenda for my next stay in New Orleans..  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>AnnaBKR
<Content>Epitomizes the NOLA Experience! My husband and I stayed at the Frenchmen Hotel June 23-26, and we loved it! The staff was always very friendly, and they courteously answered all our ridiculous questions. :) Our room was small (but for $59 a night, you won't hear us complaining!), but kept clean. The decor of the hotel is indeed funky... but a classic funky (if that's possible)! The neighborhood was very safe (our car stayed parked outside the hotel during our whole stay). We had zero complaints about our stay at the Frenchmen, and we will most definitely stay there again the next time we're in New Orleans. If you want a fancy resort hotel where you'll be comfortable staying in your room all day, this isn't it. BUT, if you want a true NOLA experience, the Frenchmen is the only way to go. :)  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>OkieOnTheGo
<Content>It ain't yo mama's hotel experience. It's better! I took 3 teen girls to NOLA from 5/29--6/2/08 as a graduation gift. After careful consideration of several options I booked a loft at the Frenchmen as an alternative to the Bourbon Street scene. Since we wouldn't be spending that much time in our room (or so I thought), I believed the loft would be adequate. In hindsight I wish I had reserved a suite but that is my fault, not the hotel's. The heat proved to be too much for us and we retreated to our room and the pool during the heat of the day, emerging like vampires as the sun sunk on the horizon. Not that there were not small issues. After all, it was vacation, not the after life. It appeared a previous guest had tried to keep raw seafood in the fridge and it stunk to high heaven so we just didn't open it again. Management assured us they would replace it. Too late for us but I hope the next guests in Room 211 fair better. The ceiling fan upstairs didn't work but we were quite comfortable since the air conditioners (both up and down stairs) worked well. The sleeper sofa had not been prepared with linens nor were there additional linens in the room, and it tried to fold up on the girls when they retired that first night. I approached a staff member about a rollaway bed instead. I heard nothing further so we helped ourselves to one parked near our room. The toilet became stopped up and the clerk saw to it immediately. The jets on the jacuzzi (by the pool) were too noisey and shot water into the air, and the pool pump seemed to have a technical issue our last day there, but for the most part we enjoyed both the pool/courtyard and the other guests with whom we visited there and in the dining room during continental breakfast. Do yourself a favor. One day when you step out the lobby door, hang a right instead of a left.All in all, we found the Frenchmen to be relaxed, charming and a good value. If we have the opportunity we definitely would stay there again. I rated it above average because it is not the typical hotel experience, but NOLA isn't your typical town.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>KCL57
<Content>Great Location for the Quarter  Found this hotel by searching for funky hotels in New Orleans. Wanted a good location in a neat hotel for my daughter's 21st birthday trip, her first trip to NOLA and my 2nd. The Frenchmen had been called funky by a very famous travel guidebook, it is in the Marigny neighborhood of New Orleans, in a late 1800's coverted Creole townhouse. Just the photos of the place alone were enough for me! There were going to be 3 of us, and after reading the room descriptions, I booked a suite. The booking site also offered free parking, which from my first visit to NOLA I knew couldn't be beat.We had stayed in a diffferent hotel on the other side of the quarter for our first night. While we were walking around the quarter that night, we ended up near the Frenchmen, and upon spotting the outside of the place, pointed to a 2nd story streetfront balcony and said I want THAT room!.The next morning we checked out of our other hotel ( it was really great, too) and drove over to the Frenchmen where we got buzzed into the lobby. I asked if perhaps, as I knew we were really early, we might possible park the car. The lovely young lady at the front desk checked our reservation and said Well, your room is ready, you could check in now if you'd like. It wasn't even noon, so of course! We checked in, parked the car, and went up our suite. The access to our suite was from a flight of stairs off the pool courtyard, at the rear of the property. We walked into a little hallway, and voila! This wasn't a suite, we had a 1 bedroom apartment. The furniture was comfy. The floors are tile. The bedroom was separate, with a door and a window (!) to the hall, and a nice queen sized bed with 2 end tables and lamps. There was an iron and ironing board in the closet, but the mirrored closet doors were just in the closet. The bedroom being separate meant that my daughter and her best friend ( along for the birthday) could keep the room as tomb dark as they liked and talk as long as they wanted, and I could watch TV or sleep in the other room, if I wanted. The full bath had a regular bathroom vanity, and a medicine chest. With 3 women in a 1 bath apartment, there was plenty of space to put cosmetics, etc. We asked for and got extra towels. The toiletries were nice. There was also plenty of place to put the extra towels.We had a kitchen!! With a fridge, microwave and dishwasher. You could see where there had been a stove, not that we needed one. Having a separate kitchen meant nice cold water, sodas and heating up leftovers, loaded the ice bucket once, and we had counter space to boot. There was also a dining table with a leaf, in case we had company for dinner, I guess.The living room had a fairly comfy sofa bed, 2 end tables with lamps, and 2 other chairs, and a armoire with a TV/DVD player.And the best part was our balcony, with a bistro table and chairs. The balcony was shared with the room next door, but somehow, we never ended up out there at the same time.The location was great, at the intersections of Esplanade, Decatur and Frenchmen. There was a firehouse right across from us, and we could see the Old Mint from the balcony. We could walk down to the streetcar ( end of the Riverfront line), or walk out to the Esplanade Bus. Breakfast was continental, with pastries, coffee, cereals and toast. I walked down/up Frenchmen to Loretta's and bought some yummy extra treats, and also to a small bakery across from Loretta's ( corner on N.Rampart and Frenchmen), as the girls over-slept breakfast Sat and Sun. Coffee was available all the time. There's a soda machine on site, and an ice machine.There are a couple of small grocery stores in the Quarter, which make our apartment even better.The Frenchmen has a neat feel about it. You MUST have a key to enter the property, or be buzzed into the lobby by the front desk. The dining room ( for breakfast) has a real dining room feel about it. Entrance to the rooms is from a side door from the lobby, where you walk down a brick walkway to the courtyard. There's a nice pool and hot tub, which was great for soaking for a before/after dinner break. There's a small toilet area off the pool courtyard. Off this same courtyard is walking access to the parking lot, and above the parking lot is a huge sundeck with tables and chairs for enjoying the music from Frenchmen street venues. The parking lot is gated. We didn't move the car once we parked it, we used the streetcar/bus pass.I can't wait to come back to New Orleans. We will definitely use the Frenchmen again. I DO recommend buying a VISITOUR pass, we bought a 3 day pass, and it was an excellent deal. Book online, you can find free parking and if you can, book a suite! The Marigny neighorhood is a real neighborhood, walk around, meet the people who live there. Night time is more lively, clubs abound with good music, that you can hear from the deck or your balcony.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tubaguy
<Content>Horrible This has got to be the worse place I have ever stayed at. The only part that I liked about is was the fact that I could open up my doors to such a unique culture. The staff was horrible, and I suggest that if you ever want anything stolen from you, check into this hotel. The maid grabbed my suitcase from under the bed, and went through all of my clothes, refolded them, and stole a $200 necklace right out of it's box. The managers response was My hands are tied, there is nothing I can do. So I do not recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jsy63
<Content>Great experience The Frenchmen is cute, affordable, and close to tons of great places. Our room was small, but we didn't care. It was clean and very nice, the bed was extremely comfortable, and the AC worked great. There were two wedding parties staying there, and I think we were the only people there not with a wedding. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The only (and, admittedly, pretty bad) thing that went wrong was they lost our reservation, which had been booked on Venere.com. Luckily there was still a room available, but I'd recommend calling ahead to confirm a reservation after booking online. On our last night there, the wedding parties had cleared out and new people moved in next door. A loud fight broke out in front of our room. I assume this could happen anywhere in New Orleans, really, but the hotel was quiet and calm during the rest of our stay. Overall experience was excellent. Be sure to eat at the Prailine Connection down the street.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>verusfemina
<Content>Say What? Were you tripping? We Loved the Frenchmen! I don't know what some of these people are talking about. Let me start by saying I'm in my 40s and take a couple vacations a year. I want a decent and clean place to stay. I'll primarily be sleeping and showering in my room. I want the place to be affordable because I'm there to spend my money on food and entertainment. I'm not planning on hanging out in the hotel room all day everyday. We stayed at the Frenchmen for 5 nights in July of '07 (that was even BEFORE new management) and we LOVED it! The building is over 100 years old so let's take that into consideration. There are a few things that may look a little aged but that's part ot the beauty of the place. That's part of the beauty of New Orleans, period. The actual rooms that I saw were in fine condition. We had a room on the back side of the courtyard. I saw the inside of three of the rooms in that corner area. They were all small but each was unique, cozy, and nice. We had a good size restroom and there was a mini fridge in our room. We are smokers and all we had to do was step outside the door and relax at a little table by the cute little pool/spa to enjoy our coffee and cigarette. I didn't get in the spa but the pool was refreshing in July. All of the staff was friendly to us. We checked in early. They held our bags and called a cab for us when we left. Our room was clean. The floors were tile so, sure, they picked up road dust if you didn't remove your shoes but I wasn't sweating it because I know that's what tile and hardwood do. Housekeeping came by around 10ish. When we weren't there they cleaned the room. When we were we asked only for fresh towels. I'm certain they would have cleaned the entire room if I had asked but I don't change the sheets and dust/sweep/mop every single day at home either. One night, I got separated from my bf in the Quarter and went on back to the hotel. I told the nightman as I passed through the lobby that I may be locked out but was going to check the room first and I'd let him know. I checked the door. It was locked. When I turned around to go back to the lobby he was standing behind me holding out a key. I don't know about you but I call that service! Most mornings we grabbed a pastry and coffee from the hotel. Some of the pastries were fresh and some were wrapped. I assumed the wrapped ones were for the late sleepers or a late night snack...worked for me anyway. They also had bread for toast, bagels, milk and orange juice. Community coffee (regular and chicory) were available all day and they offered to make a pot if it had run out. We had breakfast one morning at La Peniche right down the street. and it was good also. We met a two couples at the pool/hot tub and had a wonderful time with them. One couple had a car and they drove us uptown to Jaques-Imo's for dinner. It was fabulous and we had a great time! On our last night, there was a family who stayed at the pool rather late and were a bit noisy but apparently, there were no complaints. I turned on the TV to drown them out and I was so exhausted by then I went right on to sleep. The hotel is in an awesome location. We flew in and didn't have a car. We walked everywhere we went...even all the way to Canal. Walking in the best way to be able to take everything in. We did ride the streetcar once and it dropped us right around the corner. We had some great times with the locals on Frenchmen. There are some truly gifted musicians in the area and everyone was really friendly. New Orleans is a truly WONDERFUL place to visit. Everyone we encountered including hotel staff, restaurant staff, locals, and other guests were great people. You won't find any food or music anywhere that can rival what is offered in New Orleans. We had a great time and plan to go back when the gas prices drop (lol). I wouldn't miss it for the world! Maybe you'll see at at the Frenchmen...that's where we'll be staying!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>VeraBlue
<Content>A very pleasant stay This lovely BB is charming. We arrived at 10:30am, hours before scheduled check-in. Without a moment's hesitation, the desk manager offered his office for our luggage and took my cell number to call as soon as our room was ready. We were able to check in by 1pm.Our room was extremely tiny but quaintly decorated. The goldenrod walls were accentuated with prints reflecting french cats. The bed, while only a double, was extremely comfortable. The bathroom was roomy enough for general purposes, but only had a shower stall. It did have double doors, however, so I felt very french, indeed. The room also had a double glass french door, which was covered in a dark curtain, so light was kept out. Same cannot be said for the lovely stained glass window over the door, however. I don't require a pitch black room to sleep, so this was not a problem. Looking around the courtyard, I did notice ours was the only room with this stained glass window.I tend to overpack, and what woman doesn't?? We literally had clothes everywhere, yet housekeeping was not deterred. The one time we neglected to pick up our clothes from the floor, the housekeeper folded everything, even my boyfriend's socks, neatly on the bed. It looked like turndown service, only in reverse. The courtyard was small, but colourful. The pool was clean and refreshing after an 88 degree afternoon listening to music at the FQF. Two tables in the yard wasn't always enough as other people had the same idea regarding relaxing in the evening. Breakfast was an adequate affair of coffee and other hot beverages, pastries, cereals and fresh fruit.The staff was quite friendly and eager to answer any questions we had. I requested extra towels once and they were left on the bed when housekeeping completed the room for the day. There was an iron and ironing board in the room, but the ironing board wouldn't stay upright. We improvised by simply laying it on the bed. I'm not sure if the unit refrigerator worked or if we simply didn't know how to turn it on. There is a safe for your valuables in the room, as well. It was a lovely experience, all in all.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>AL-the-squid
<Content>Great stay at the Frenchman I stayed at the Frenchman for 4 weeknights in April. I stayed alone in a 鈥淪tandard One Full Bed鈥? Parking was safe, easy, and only $15/day. The free wireless internet access was good 鈥?from my Room, 207, I could get it by opening the door. You have to get the code from the front desk.The AC units provided good 鈥渨hite noise鈥?throughout the night, and because I kept the fan in the unit running, I did not hear any other sound. I am normally a very light sleeper.Great location 鈥?easy to find off the interstate down Esplanade, and only a couple blocks from The Spotted Cat and many other fantastic jazz clubs. I felt safe in the area, even as a single female travelling alone.Nice atmosphere, I didn鈥檛 request anything from the front desk except to open the garage door when I needed to get out, and they were available 24/7 to take care of anything.My room was very small -- I would recommend a queen bed room for more than one person. The closet door couldn鈥檛 be opened without hitting the nightstand, but it was fine for my purposes. The room and shower were clean. The bathrooms are dated, and could use some new white grout 鈥?which I believe may have led to another reviewer鈥檚 comment on cleanliness. When I took showers in the evenings, the water quickly cycled from hot to cold, and I literally had to jump out of the shower about every 30 seconds. But in the mornings I didn鈥檛 have this problem鈥?Breakfast wasn鈥檛 fancy, but was everything I needed: cereal, oatmeal, toast, and pastries are served in the lobby starting at 6:30AM with great New Orleans coffee.The value for the location was great. I booked through their website 鈥?next time I鈥檒l compare those prices with Bookit.Great stay 鈥?hope to come back again!!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ScienceTchr
<Content>Mixed feelings but won't go back First, let me tell you what was good about this place. The people that worked there were very polite and gracious and I really appreciated that. The room was large and the bed was comfortable. The air-conditioning worked well. The location was great; just a few minutes walk to the heart of the French Quarter. Unfortunately, there were many things that I did not like here. First, their parking lot was full when we checked in and we were told to park at another of their properties which was several blocks away: very inconvenient. Next, we were placed in a room that was on the street (#302). You probably don't want that room. At night, it was so bright with lights from the street that you could easily read in bed. The street noise (horns, loud talking, car alarms, music, etc.) went on until 2 a.m. and then started up again at 3 a.m. Both mornings, trash pick up was right outside of our windows at about 5 a.m. and was also very loud. The floor was dirty in both the room and the bathroom. I was glad I had house shoes. We went and bought my husband flip flops. The first bed we turned down had hair on the sheets. The other bed appeared to be fine. There were no hand towels and only one bar of soap to trade between sink and tub. Two lights had no light bulbs. Their web site says some rooms have small refrigerators. I have medications that must be refrigerated so we asked for a room with one and were told that none of the rooms had them any more. There was an ice machine but no ice bucket so you got your ice one plastic cup at a time. When we asked to switch rooms, we were told they were full and they couldn't accomodate our request. Finally, there was the food for breakfast. We were told that fresh pastries were brought in each morning. That may be true but they were bread for toast, doughnuts and cinnamon rolls just like you can get at your own supermarket. Nothing from a nice french bakery like I had expected. I would think twice before I booked here. I won't go back.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>lmfurman
<Content>Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful!!! This hotel was just perfect.... Thi was the perfect hotel to stay in when you stay in NO! The girl at the front desk was very very helpfull! The room was so cozy. Reds and mahogonys everywhere... One of the best beds I have slept in @ a hotel. Next time we visit NO, we will stay @ the Frenchman again!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jenny2979
<Content>unclean dirty room! we will never stay again! Even for the lower rates we paid, we were dissatisfied with our room!!! Spend the extra 20 or so dollars and get a better place to say is my suggestion! the floor in the room was so unclean upon arrival, with lots of handfulls of black human hair everywhere! it was a dust ridden room leaving us sick after the first night stay. the property has potential, but has some problems. the pool had a condom in it ! the small parking lot held probably 8 cars max and was so hard to get in and out of. if u have a bigger suv forget it, park somewhere else cause u arent gonna fit through the alley to the parking garage. our floors never got swept or mopped after asking several times. Some of the rooms we saw were very clean and others like ours were filthy. we beleive some of the cleaning staff was very lazy and some were'nt. breakfast wasnt bad at all. the day clerk was so kind and helpful, she deserves to be at a much better property! the shower was full of mold and rust, we had to were sandels! the water was ice cold in the shower the first day! the night we checked in, the young man in the office said he had to go as soon as we walked up to the counter to check in. he left us in the office by ouselves waiting to get our keys, paperwork, etc. for 10 min., until another employee arrived to take over his shift! we were shocked at this. we couldnt beleive it! it was a fri. nite at 10:50 pm and no one there to tell us where to park, or nothing until someone else arrived! we go to new orleans all the time, and have always enjoyed our nice stays at different hotels, but never will we stay at this hotel again!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	3	1	1	2	-1	

<Author>hooptiegirl
<Content>Krewe de Vieux was fun from The Frenchman! We recently stayed at the Frenchman for the Krewe de Vieux parade, and it was most satisfactory! We stayed in the Queen suite, and it was a unique experience since I didn't expect to see stairs when I walked into the room. But the view out of the window was excellent! The room was also neat, clean, and odor-free. The staff was attentive and helpful with any touristy questions about the parade route. My family has been visiting New Orleans for years, and for the money we paid through [-] it was WELL WORTH THE MONEY! Parking was secure and FREE for bookit customers as well, but be warned it's limited to a first come first served basis. To give an idea of proximity to surrounding locations, the hotel is three blocks from Bourbon St., three blocks from Margaritaville, five blocks from the Cafe Du Monde, and mere steps from the Hookah Cafe. It is, however, at the opposite end of the french quarter from Canal St. So if you want to shop Canal St., catch a cab. Don't sacrifice the parking garage. The pool/hot tub area and courtyard was compact, but clean. An Arctic front kept me well away from outdoor water fun, but I plan to stay at the Frenchman again in the next 3 months, so I will make use of that area then.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>momandmore
<Content>Great room, great breakfast We just came back from 5 nights in New Orleans where we had a suite at the Frenchmen. It was perfect - we had a loft with queen size bed for us and sofa bed and rollaway for my two boys. We didn't disturb them, they didn't disturb us. Only complaint was that when the sofa bed was pulled out, we had to climb over a sleeping teenager to get to the bathroom. We solved this problem by using the bathroom in the courtyard. Breakfast was great - fresh and tasty pastries from the bakery down the street, great coffee, cereal and fruit, all served at a communal table in their dining room. It was fun to sit around drinking coffee and reading the paper with the other guests. Very nice feel.We didn't try the pool or hot tub, but they looked inviting despite the 30 degree weather. Location was great too and our room on the inside of the courtyard was pretty quiet. Snug Harbor was right down the street as well as at least 4 or 5 other clubs with great music. all and all great place, great price.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>RojoMilwaukee
<Content>Thank Heaven, Thank Heaven for The Frenchman Friendly and helpful managers who apparently tookover in December, 2007..... ....a cool suite...a nice pricevia Book It ....and they let us check in four hours early. Just off the French Quarter ....and therefore away from the boors.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>porcupine150
<Content>Frenchmen is a quaint small hotel in a great location Checked into the Frenchmen Hotel at Frenchmen St and Decatur/Esplanade for Satchmo SummerFest. New paint all around really looks good. The property is clean and well maintained. The location was great as the Old US Mint is directly across Esplanade from the hotel. There are 6 music clubs all around within 2 blocks. Checkpoint Charlie is open 24 hours and was only steps away. The Frenchmen had a small pool and hot tub in the courtyard which had some nice breezes. Every morning, they had complimentary pastries and coffee. They even had Community chicory coffee. The staff was very nice. We tipped housekeeping $5 every day. My only complaint was the shower was small. We had a private 2nd story balcony on Frenchmen St. that faced toward the Old US Mint so you could hear all the outside music within 2 blocks.I recommend this hotel due to great rates and a fantastic location. This is a laid back cool place.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>sultrypoet
<Content>Needs help We really enjoyed our stay in '04, but things seem to have changed..The female day clerk can best be described as surly, or indifferent at best (so sorry for interupting your game of Solitaire).The cold water taps ran warm.The toilet needed to be flushed at least twice.The freezer in our suite's refigerator kept things at room temperature.The cleaning staff simply left a bag of towels at our door if we had a Do not disturb plaquard on the door after 10 am, no matter how long we were out past that time. The floors were dirty upon arrival, and were not even swept during our weeklong stay.During checkout, we had to dispute $48 worth of non-existent long-distance calls.The new non-smoking policy for all rooms (with a $100 fine if found smoking in your room) was not disclosed during the reservation process. We discovered this policy while checking in due to a sign at the front desk.The previously free parking has been upgraded to a $15 a night fee, once again not disclosed until after reservations were confirmed.The door to the common entryway to our suite needed a ton of WD-40 and replaning -- we were awakened at 3, 4 and 5am respectively, due to late-night neighboring partygoers stumbling in and SQUEALING AND SLAMMING the entryway door open and closed repeatedly (not maliciously, just trying to get the darn door open and closed).The hot-tub in the courtyard was cold.I killed two roaches in the bathroom during our stay.The new Tomatillos restaurant next door blasted booty music after 5pm thru 1am most of the week.Common entryway gates were kept locked during the daytime, leading to much inconvenience when simply trying to drive out of the parking lot, or attempting to re-enter the property.Why did we not air these complaints during our stay? The afore-mentioned day clerk was so antagonistic, we figured it would be to our detriment to press the issue. Plus, the Frenchmen website has not bothered to link a direct email contact. So here ya go folks -- enjoy (or not).Sam and Michelle HuntRoom 301, Queen SuiteJune 16-23, 2007PS - If Management happens across this post, please feel free to contact us. Our 'phone numbers are on file. We would love to revisit your hotel if you are willing to prove you have rectified at least some of these issues. The French Quarter ROCKS, and we would love to visit again if we knew future stays would be more pleasant.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	2	2	3	

<Author>zilbuzack
<Content>Not clean, staff doesn't seem to care The TV remote control wouldn't work and, upon asking about it, I was told that it's been like this for a while and nothing was done. When I moved the TV closer to bed I could see that there was a lot of dust on the furniture. The french type door to my room was barely covered by a see through curtain and everything inside my room was visible if I truned on the lights at night, and during the day throhg the space between the drapes and the door itself. Cute breakfast idea, though, at a big antique table in an old dining area.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	3	3	3	

<Author>katieinla
<Content>good location i like the frenchmen for several reasons. the location is great, just off the french quarter. frenchmen street has lots to see and do.the hotel itself is charming. the pool and spa are small but have real charm. the room i had was a large two bed-room. it needed a chair, but otherwise it was great. the bathroom was very clean. there was a noise problem, my room had an attached room and the people next door could be heard coughing, and watching t.v. through the night. still i've stayed in several hotels in new orleans and i consistantly go back to the frenchmen for the ambiance and the price is always good.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>ACrom13
<Content>Great location! This is a cute little hotel that sits at the hub of the best areas of New Orleans. It is one block off of the French Quarter at the beginning of the wonderful Fauburg-Marigny neighborhood. It is one block away from the Riverside Trolley, two blocks from the French Market and is at the end of Frenchmen street which has many great jazz clubs and restaurants. I can't say enough about the Fauburg-Marigny neighborhood! Lots of unique, inexpensive restaurants. Great architecture. We spend more time exploring this area than the French Quarter where we spent most of our time during our last two visits.As for the hotel itself, it is true that the rooms are small, but the ones we saw were recently refurbished with new tile floors, very nice furniture and artwork. The rooms each have a tv, a refridgerator with a safe inside and an iron and ironning board. Our room was right on the cute courtyard with a small pool and a hot tub. There is also a nice sun deck. The staff was friendly and helpful, especially Chad.We will definitely consider staying here on our next visit to this great city.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	4	4	5	

<Author>lenaellen
<Content>eeeuuuwwww...not worth that low price I stayed here for two nights in the beginning of October. Although the Inn seems quite nice on first encounter, it's just not clean enough. There was a lot of mold in my shower (thank goodness I had brought flip-flops) and the floor of the room was not carpeted. The junkies that seem to frequent it are a problem as well. There was a woman with many open sores on her legs who had them stuck in both the pool and hot tub as she and her partner (male) were inappropriately loud in the courtyard outside the downstairs rooms. The cleaning staff was incredibly loud in the courtyard very early as well. The location is fantastic and this place could be wonderful but they've got a long way to go before I'll stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	5	1	2	2	3	

<Author>lukenuke
<Content>Used syringe in our room Location? Great. Price? Affordable (we opted for the cheaper, smaller first floor rooms). However both of these things did not make up for the surprise waiting for us when we arrived and checked out the room. Inside our dresser drawer was a used syringe, as well as a burnt, bent spoon. The room was also damp and not as clean as it should have been. The managment's resonse to our complaint was awfully casual, as if this had happened before. They did refund one night's stay (but we had to ask for this), clean the room again and remove the syringe and spoon (not sure if they just threw it away or disposed of it properly). But it was not a good welcome to our first time in the city.I wouldn't take them up on their complimentary breakfast either: rat trap in the dinning room.We stayed here in May of 2005, based off favorable reviews from TripAdvisor, as well as a personal recommendation from a friend who had stayed here a few years before.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	3	3	3	

<Author>abstracterin
<Content>no worries about staying here We just got back from staying 4 nights at the Frenchmen and it was a real delight. While I don't think that it is a great pick for everyone, it was exactly what I had been looking for in a New Orleans hotel. Being in the Marigney is a great choice for anyone that enjoys the Quarter but would enjoy it more if there weren't so many giantic silly drinks in everyones hands. There are great bars up Frenchmen street and down Decatur especially if Bourbon Street holds nothing for you. The hotel was great. It is very quaint and friendly. While the rooms are small, (especially the bathroom) the bed was unbelievably comfortable. The pool is great for just taking a dip and we were happy to discover that the 12:00 AM closure was more of a mild suggestion than anything else. If you end up driving, they do have a secure parking lot, however there are very few spaces for cars and moving around inside of it is very tight at best, I would recommend parking somewhere else if you have a large car, although it is secure, at $15 a night there are better deals to be found in the area. The room was very clean as were the other public areas of the hotel, however the maid service could stand to remember they are in a courtyard and that voices carry as we were awoken most mornings by their banter.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	1	

<Author>BernRome
<Content>A Great Hotel       Courtyard  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>alexandria77
<Content>Everything we were looking for We loved the Frenchmen and would absolutely stay there again. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Probably the nicest staff I've ever encountered at a hotel/bed and breakfast. Pool was very nice and clean and the hot tub was great too. Pool was such a godsend after walking around the quarter in the August heat. Great location - not far from action of Bourbon street (definately walking distance) but far enough away to be more quiet and relaxed. Never felt unsafe in this area at all even late at night. Many jazz bars on Frenchmen street to enjoy if you don't like the hustle and bustle of Bourbon street. We checked out Bourbon street almost nightly but also checked out some of the clubs on Frenchmen.Breakfast was okay - bagels, danishes and the sort. Husband really loved it but I'm more of a bacon and eggs kind of girl myself. Loved the coffee (we had a hard time finding a nice strong cup of coffee while in the States).Our room was on the main floor, poolside. Nice big clean room - plenty of space. Closet was HUGE - tons of room to store whatever we wanted. A/C worked great. Beds were clean and very comfortable. Loved all the furnishings. No problem with hot water for showers at all. No problems with parking at all. Drove to Six Flags one night and had no problems with getting same parking spot when we got back. Our 2nd last day at the hotel we returned to room to find they had installed a brand new mini-fridge. Didn't use it but nice to see they are making improvements even when not necessary! Hope hotel escaped Katrina relatively unscathed. Can't beat the price either. Will go back, no doubt about it.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Frenchmen What an awesome and great surprise this hotel was for our visit post-Katrina. We were originally booked at the Lamothe House which was closed. The staff were very accomodating in switching us to the Frenchmen. I must say this hotel with all its updated carpet and paint, etc far exceeded our expectations. We will most definitely return to New Orleans and stay at the Frenchmen. The location was great, the room was large, the pool  courtyard were excellent and the parking was very convenient and safe. Thanks again to all the wonderful people and staff at the Frenchmen.Hal, Kathy  Rachel ArmstrongHickory, North Carolina  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CwenMadison
<Content>Loved the Frenchmen! My husband and I stayed there for a nice vacation, almost a full week. The bed was comfortable, the place clean, the pool relaxing and the staff very friendly. We even got a letter from them stating that they are now open after Katrina.The room was small - but we didn't stay in the room much anyway - it was large enough for our stuff.The bathroom was small and didn't have any shelves, which is a pain if you are there longer than a weekend.Also, the shower was small - luckily I don't shave my legs! LOL!If the bathroom was a little larger, I would have given them an Excellent rating.We were right next to the pool and didn't have any trouble with noise - it depends on who is staying there at the same time. The neighborhood is quiet and close to some great venues! We will definatly stay there again!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love the Place My Wife and I have stayed there several times usualy a week at a time and actualy plan our vacations around availability at the Frenchmen. Its Quaint Clean Thanks to Ivy and Colleen (the 2 best house keepers we have ever met) Its convenient to the trally's and a nice walk to the french quarter. The only problem I have is the lack of a night desk clerck the last time we where there. Not so much for safety, as long as everyone locks the door behind them but in an emergency this could leave some people wondering what to do and who to contact. On the other hand the Fire Department is accross the street and a few good yells would suffice to summon them! As I said We love it!!!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely bed and breaksfast Husband  I stayed there 3 nights. Friendly staff and close to everything. Sm room but met our needs.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LOVED IT! My husband and I spent our first anniversary at the Frenchmen, and we absolutely loved it! It was a very beautiful inn, and the pool was wonderful, with the hot tub adjoining it. The private parking area was nice too. My husband and I loved it, and we would love to take another trip there.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ParisExpat
<Content>Nice but noisy Very mixed feelings about this hotel. Don't need to dwell on the positives (look  feel, location, very friendly service) as they're all pretty much covered in the previous reviews..The big downside is noise. Both from outside the room (the noise from the pool can continue late into the evening), and from the thunderous air conditioning unit which you have no choice but to use, given the heat and humidity of the N.O. summer.Notwithstanding this, I would probably stay here again. But if you're a light sleeper and you're travelling in the summer months, I would recommend you look elsewhere.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Dement1a
<Content>Best vacation I've ever had!       Facade of the Frenchmen  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Authentic New Orleans Experience Stayed at The Frenchmen Hotel during first week of July. Our room was small but clean and comfy. The hotel is more like a guest house or B and B than a hotel. This was fine with me because I like old buildings. It was built in the 1830's.The staff was laid back and friendly and made us feel special. They always greeted us and other guests by name and always asked how our stay was going which is something you don't see very often.They have a cool courtyard with a pool and a hot tub where we drank wine (that you can actually have delivered from the liquor store to the hotel,AWESOME) at night after exploring the city all day. The tours and restaurants the staff recommended were very good. The restaurants were the ones the locals go to:(Fiorella's,Coop's,Upperline,Elizabeth's, Angeli's) and we enjoyed every meal. I would definetly come back to stay here again. It is laid back and feels like authentic New Orleans. On a whole, the city has a friendly, laid back attitude that made us feel welcome.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Misrepresented       The pool and jacuzzi in the courtyard. Lighting made the jacuzzi water look funny, it was...  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value, but needs a little work First off, let me just say that the staff at the Frenchmen are some of the friendliest and most responsive I have ever encountered. That alone made our stay very pleasant. The location is excellent as it is in walking distance to most everything, and a block away from some great music clubs. The hotel is in a quaint, old-world building and the courtyard with small pool is just lovely. However, there are a few things that need to be worked on to make this a truly great place to stay. I sincerely hope the management takes these suggestions into consideration because I would whole-heartedly recommend the hotel to others with a little effort put into the following:1. Plumbing - the shower was one of the most miserable I have ever had. As this is an old bulding, the pipes clearly need work. Just like in an old house, the water switches from warm, to scalding hot, to freezing cold constantly, making it very difficult to shower. I'm guessing this stems from other guests flushing toilets, using sinks, etc. throughout the hotel. However, I was almost scalded, the water surged so hot unexpectedly. Very, very dangerous, especially for anyone with children. I avoided taking a shower, which isn't good in the hot summertime.2. Sheets and beds - although everything appeared clean and new, the sheets and beds were poor quality. The sheets were so coarse, they felt like sleeping on burlap. I don't require fancy thread counts or anything like that, but these sheets were truly sandpaper to the skin. If the hotel just invests in a bit better quality or fabric softener, it would be much improved.3. Amenities - I realize this isn't a fancy big hotel, but irons and ironing boards really should be standard in all rooms by now. More than one bath towel per person would be nice too, especially since there is a pool.4. Maintenance - several small things didn't work in our room, from the outlet in the bathroom to the lamp on the nightable. Routine checks for maintenance would easily take care of this problem and alleviate annoyance. Other than that, I really enjoyed my stay and thought it was a good value for the relatively inexpensive price. I understand there is new management and I hope they use this feedback to turn it into a fine example of New Orleans hospitality. I plan on staying here on my next visit, and look forward to seeing what they've done with the great potential of this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Place We were very pleasantly surprised; it didn't seem very special from the outside, but the courtyard on the inside of the hotel is awesome - pool and jacuzzi, and very mediterranean looking. Rooms very nice and clean. Very different from the typical touristy hotels. People were very friendly and helpful when it came to questions regarding what to do and where to go in New Orleans. We would go back to this hotel for sure!!!  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pgooden
<Content>Seductively charming       Frenchmen Hotel room  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a wonderful experience I came with a group of girlfriends, to celebrate mothers day weekend. We wanted something affordable, quiet, and in tune with New Orleans. We were very happy with our room. If you are looking for a sterile, contemporary envioroment, with no charm, this is not it!! I felt a sense of going back in time when we stayed, (but thankfully with running water and air conditioning) . It is so close to everything, and yet it was so quiet that I never heard any outside noise. The staff was more than friendly. They were helpful, courteous, and very pleasant. I want to bring my husband here now to enjoy the experience also. Thank you so much. I would always recommend it to people who want to really experience some of the history of New Orleans.  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We'll be happily returning to The Frenchmen next year! The Frenchmen is in a perfect location near the French Market and Bourbon Street. We were several hours early arriving, but that was no problem, the friendly staff checked us in without a giving it a second thought. They also gave us GREAT tips on where to eat, places to visit (and places to avoid). The breakfast buffet is excellent-and the other guests had the same comments. The private courtyard with swimming pool and hot tub is gorgeous. The secure onsite parking is a huge plus in New Orleans. Our room was large and very clean. Nuff said, we're going back to The Frenchmen next year!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A fantastic hotel. It has everything you could ask for. We took a chance by visiting the Frenchmen last year, and my boyfriend and I fell in love! With the low price, you might expect a dive, but it was really a fantastic hotel. The pool was sparkling clean, the neighbors were quiet, the person at the front desk worked for an HOUR to get us swamp tour tickets. And the 24/7 coffee was delicious. Sure, it wasn't sterile and perfect, but I find that boring. It was charming and sweet. If you need to be pampered and fanned like a poodle, this is not the place for you. Try the Four Seasons. If you like bright colored walls, antique furniture, and a street that hums with history, this is the place for you.I almost want to sabotage the review so it won't get too popular and I won't be able to get reservations again!! :-)Loved it, we're staying there again in two weeks and we're bringing four friends!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly recommended I don't understand how this hotel could get any bad reviews. My girlfriend and I stayed here from March 22-25, 2005 and found everything more than satisfactory. It has a great location, great price, friendly service, and a good breakfast. We didn't have any problems with making reservations or having clean rooms as was reported by other reviewers. The only complaint I can think of... it was my understanding that parking was included, but we had to pay $7 a night instead. This was still cheaper than any public parking in the area or compared to other hotels in the area.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unreliable!!! My husband and I made a reservation for 4 nights at Frenchmen for our first year anniversary. We received the confirmation from the hotel and cancelled our other hotel reservation. We were relaxed and excited about our trip. However few days later, they sent us an email stating that they actually do not have all 4 nights available (only the first 2 nights were available). We tried to get our other hotel reservation back but, we missed that opportunity as well, since they do not have any rooms available anymore. Many other hotels in our budget range are already booked as well. We already bought the plane tickets and cannot change the dates... Thus, thanks to Frenchmen instead of having a relaxed and happy wait for our exciting trip, we are stressed about our stay. Thanks for ruining it for us! We would never use this hotel in the future. Don't make a reservation at this hotel, if you are looking for something reliable!!   
<Date>Feb 10, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel Experience Ever!! This hotel has it all! The employees are very courteous and honest. They treat you with the respect that you deserve. The hotel is just a block from the biggest party center in the United States. They also have a wonderful jacuzzi/pool. The one thing that is wrong with The Frenchmen is the small parking lot. I would tell anyone who plans to visit New Orleans to stay at The Frenchmen.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ccachen
<Content>This was the worst hotel experience. This hotel has great location, close to local music and restaurants. That is its best feature. I had the unpleasant experience of a dirty, unmade room. There were no sheets on the bed, no towels in the bathroom, and the floor of the bathroom and shower were dirty. The night clerk was nice, but reluctantly brought sheets and towels to my room and made the bed. No cleaning was done. I was to stay 2 nights, but cancelled my second night. When I checked out in the morning, a different clerk asked about my accommodations and refunded $25 of my stay, and apologized for the terrible service. It was definitely nothing like it's on-line description. I will go back to New Orleans, but never to this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing Honeymoon stay. My husband and I were given a stay and the Frenchman for our honeymoon in November 2004. It was amazing perfectly located next to the French Quarter and just what a honeymoon should be. We loved the quaint southern feel and the history that was inclosed inside the hotel was what anyone would want to have on there honeymoon. The only problem was that the bathroom included a small shower but if I have to deal with a small shower to have a life time of memories in one of the greatest cities that Louisana has to offer I don't have a problem with that.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Janie M
<Content>Disappointed We stayed at The Frenchmen for 3 nights during Easter 2004. Very quaint looking hotel, great location, one very helpful member of staff (one may have been having a bad day) and a very good breakfast. Our room was awful - the small window looked onto a brick wall of the alley people used constantly to go to the garage. (The room was sandwiched between a small pedestrian alley and the walled drive way to the garage). The furniture was tired, old and grubby wicker. The flowery carpet was old and impossible to get clean. I made the mistake of dropping something on the floor and it rolled under the bed - they hadn't been moved, or cleaned under for years. Previous occupants had left things in the drawers... The possibley only worst room was next door - that was on the street so would have been much noisier.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DoriChicago
<Content>great place I was there a few weeks ago and found this place to be great. Clean, safe (I was a woman staying alone). You have to pass through the front desk area (with a separate key to even get into the main office area) to get to your room so I felt it was totally secure. Pastries and coffee were wonderful in the morning. Loved the courtyard. Location was great. I would stay here again and again. As far as the previous poster's problem with his reservation, it was made perfectly clear that in order for the reservation to be held, a check for half has to be received within ten days. I sent the check, received a written confirmation, and had no problems.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>For the price great For are needs found the hotel great, cheap, free parking, central location and some nice funky bars near by. The room is small though clean, and the pastries and coffee in the morning started the day off nicely. However this hotel is not for families with small children or people who will be spending a lot of time in the room.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Screwed up reservation Well, I reserved back in April with a credit card confirmation. I even have emails from the Frenchmen stating that it is confirmed with a credit card. I have also called and received confirmation over the phone.Yesterday (17 Nov 2004), Welford McCaffrey wrote me that since I had not sent in a deposit within 10 days of making the reservation, my reservation was cancelled. Again, I made reservations back in April and have confirmed that everything was fine 3 times by email and once over the phone. After reading these reviews, I'm glad they cancelled my reservations. I just hope they don't charge my card after reading some of the payment issues in the below reviews. Since they cancelled my reservation due to some mix-up, I reserved in the Prince Conti Hotel today which is right in the middle of everything just off Bourbon. Almost all reviews here are positive on the Prince Conti and it only costs $100 more for the entire stay (6 nights) and that includes an additional $20 in parking which is of course free at the Frenchmen. After reading below reviews, I think I owe the Frenchmen a thank you for cancelling my already confirmed reservations whoever cancelling confirmed reservations just over a month before checkin is very unprofessional.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>okguy2937
<Content>Great Value on the edge of the Quarter The Frenchman is great - location and value. The low rates give it an edge and the locations is quiet. The rooms are smaller but classic New Orleans Creole Townhouse which make it cool. Excellent staff and parking I will be back.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice place, great location, wonderful price... I think the title about sums it up...Just got back from a two day stay at the Frenchman. I had worries after some of the reviews earlier in the year, but glad to say that they were unfounded.Room is small, but then when visiting somewhere like New Orleans - just how much time are you going to spend in the room? Staff were friendly/helpful - though my interaction with them was limited really to checking in and checking out.My only concern about the hotel (or at least the room I was in) would be security. The door is a bad fit, and showed all the signs of having been forced open at some point in the past, with a bodge job of putting it back on. In fact i don't even think that that door originally came from that room. I was also visiting friends, so gave them my valuables, so didn't enquire as to wether the hotel had a safe or not (though by lousianna law, i believe all hotels have to provide something - either in the room or at central location).Will i go back to Frenchman. Most definately. Will i recommend it. If all you're after is a bed, a toilet and a shower, and want cheap but central accomodation - you can't fault the frenchman. If you want modern, and modern facilities - go elsewhere - the frenchman isn't for you.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>New Orleans Charm Just returned from the Frenchmen Hotel over Halloween weekend, had a wonderful time, staff was great, friendly an very willing to help you, rooms were very very nice, clean, very old fasion style, typical old New Orleans, this hotel is what I expected, when I go to New Orleans, I want to experence the New Orleans stlye, and this hotel has it old fasion charm, rooms were small yes but thats the style of a old hotel,if your looking for a lot of new modern aminities then maybe you should look else where, but if you like the going to New Orleans an enjoy its old charms then this is a must to try, location was close to everything, price you cant beat it, I will return to this hotel in the future no doubt about it. Desk clerk Randy is the man, he goes out of his way tohelp you out all the time, thanks Randy.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Rate..not so great room. Well, I rated this hotel/motel 2 stars as opposed to 1 because there were SOME good aspects. For one, the pastries in the mornings were pretty good. Probably not the best, but the selection was good. The coffee was good too. Also, the staff was very polite. Now, the room itself was not very good. However, the rate was excellent + free parking + free continental breakfast. You really can't beat that. Even with the great rate, there are BASIC requirements that should be met. The following are the problems that we found:Dimmer on canister lights did not work. All light fixtures should have working lightbulbs. Several lightbulbs were missing. Bathtub was very very very dirty. The rest of the bathroom was clean.Sink was not draining.Air blowing out of A/C smelled like urine. (At first, I could not pinpoint where the smell of urine was coming from, but I stood in front of the A/C one evening and turned it off. Then when I turned it back on, I smelled it. It was killing me.Door knob had no latch in it.Extra latch on the door also did not work.Bed sheets were clean, comforter had stains on the inside.Some of these things would not bother people, especially if you go there just to get drunk and don't get back to your room until 2am or so..However, if you have children, I do not recommend this room. Pay the extra $$ and stay elsewhere (just not on Bourbon). The thing is, the french quarter is so dirty, that for ME, I would've liked to have come to a nice clean room. Our family likes to come back to the room a few times during the day to just rest our feet and chill out for a half an hour or so. I dreaded coming back to the room, so we just stayed out. If you are like me, then you would do better in a nicer room.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice staff Very nice staff  very good Continental breakfast. Also, great location near French Market. Some good restaurants within walking distance. However, the room I stayed in was about the size of a walk in closet. The bathroom was extremely tiny with hardly any water pressure. Also, there was a large crack where the door to the outside of the room did not close properly. I was told that there were larger, much nicer rooms on the premises, but none were available at that time. I would suggest to anyone considering the Frenchmen for the first time to ask very specific questions about your accomodations. One night of that room was all I could take.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>FANTASTIC!!!!!!!!!!!! Just what I expected, a quaint BB, staff was ALWAYS friendly and helpful. My room was spotless, and whenever I needed anything I received it usually within minutes. I felt safe and enjoyed the fact there are private bathrooms in each room, yes that makes the room a bit smaller, but it is a trade off I can live with. I spent little time in my room anyway, as do most people visiting New Orleans. Always people around so walking through the quarter was non threatening and enjoyable. Oh for a cheeseburger from Margaritaville right now...Yes I'll stay here whenever I return. No more wasting money on a name hotel. I'll take the personal touch everytime!!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not what it used to be I have been to the Frenchmen three times. I just came back and two things were clear. One, it has changed hands since the last time I was there (two years ago) and two, it is not for the better. The place seemed very rundown. The shower in our room had a six inch hole in the wall! It is really a shame. The location is great. The courtyard and pool are nice. The prices are amazing. It used to be the biggest steal in New Orleans. Now, you get what you pay for. Next time, I will be looking elsewhere.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing like the pamplet! I stayed at the Frenchman the first time I went to New Orleans. I was very disappointed because the hotel room looked nothing like the pamplet illistrated. It was quite the opposite!!! The carpet in the room was dirty and the headboard on the bed was broken. The room was disgusting!! I stayed there one night and decided to go to Hotel St. Marie on Toulouse St. It was the same price and a whole lot nicer.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Vanilla1217
<Content>Terrible!!! My husband and I stayed at the Frenchmen last January. It was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. The floors were dirty. The furniture was old and ugly. There were also roaches in the bathroom. When we left the hotel, I left my pillow. I called the hotel and asked them if they could send it to me. They agreed and never sent the pillow even after calling them several times and talking to the manager, who also agreed to send it. I will never stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Small Hotel Just stayed 2 nights recently, hardly stayed in the room as we walked all around the Old and New French Quarter area. Live music, shops food. I was surprised as one morning there was a wedding by the pool and the day before I saw a wedding too. The French Quarter is now full of people getting married by some Dr. Jerry in New Orleans. I liked the hotel as it was close to all that I wanted to see and do. Nice staff too.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place at a great price. I am a frequent visitor to New Orleans, and only discovered the Frenchman on my most recent trip. Because of the incredible rate that I found, I decided to risk it without knowing much about it. What a find! It's in a great location, very close to great resteraunts, clubs, and the French Market. The staff was incredibly welcoming, the hot tub was soothing after long days of walking, the courtyard was New Orleans picturesque, and the room was cozy and clean. I love this hotel and plan on staying there on every return visit.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place at a great price I visit New Orleans every year and I have stayed at the Frenchmen twice and I love the place. If you are looking for the true feel of New Orleans then stay somewhere small and quaint like the Frenchmen. They offer free breakfast and free parking. The parking can be a little bit of a pain because the area is very small. The courtyard is nice and the pool and the rooms are always clean. The location is close to the mississippi end of the french quarter and the hotel is close to the french market. You can get a room for $49 sometimes.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HiringCPAs
<Content>An excellent option for grown-ups in the Quarter! This was my 3rd trip to New Orleans and the first time staying in a non-chain type of hotel. This place was very nice. Clean and comfortable. Randy and Robert (front desk guys) were both quite hospitable and helpful. The pool in the courtyard was a great gathering place in the late evening. Great location too! Just a couple of blocks from all the downtown activity, yet very quiet. We took the Magic Tour while we were in the quarter one night and I highly reccomend that SPECIFIC tour! Ron (the tour guy) was great. If I had to complain about something it would be that the bed was too soft. Other than that, great deal...great price...great location. The morning pastries were tasty too! Make sure you get up early enough to get the big apple one - yummmm!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No problems what so ever! I stayed at the Frenchmen from 6/10 - 6/13 and loved it. I think it is important to keep in mind that this establishment is not a luxury hotel nor does it try to present itself as such. The room was indeed small, but other than a place to sleep and use the shower, it wasn't as though I spent that much time in the room anyhow. The room was neat and clean and was serviced each day. The pool is small, but that's because it's in the courtyard area. It worked just fine as far as cooling me off after a day in the Quarter. Jacuzzi was up and running and was plenty hot! I spoke with the night desk clerk who stated that a new general manager took over about 3-4 weeks ago and he has been working on getting things running more efficiently. You can't beat the location and I felt the price was reasonable as well. I should also note that I am a woman and was traveling alone, and I felt perfectly safe staying there, even on a ground floor room. I definitely plan on staying there on my next trip down!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gingerspice
<Content>Hate it already Well, we haven't even gotten there yet and already I am hating the place! I made our reservations back in February - 3 rooms for 3 couples. On April 1, I had to cancel one of the rooms since one of my friends had something come up. It is now May 27, and still I have not received my refund (I paid in full back in February via money order) I have called at least twice a week for over a month, and each time they will check on it and call me back but they don't call me back. I am filing a report with the BBB and if I do not have a definate answer by 3:00 this afternoon,I am canceling my reservation. Beware when making reservations at this hotel!  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>2	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jengo
<Content>Stay at your own risk We stayed at the Frenchmen for French Quarter Fest April 2004. After much research and checking prices around town for 4 months , their rate and location could not be beat. The location is perfect for French Quarter Fest ( or any other Fest, I imagine). It is a REALLY short walk to anywhere you want to go in the French Quarter. and conviently located across the street from the River and riverfront streetcar line. I couldnt of been more pleasantly surprised by the convient location. much closer than it seems on maps. Now for the unpleasant surprises....I expected the rooms to be small, based on prior reviews, but these are really, small rooms. Very euro style. Absolutely NO FRILLS! Cold tiny pool, cold,tiny jacuzzi that never got fixed, loud housekeepers right outside your window in the morning, and a nightmare of a credit card problem with the front desk. We paid cash, in full upon arrival, less 85.00 we had charged to a credit card. The hotel manager checked us in. the next day, we discovered we were charged the full amount of our 3 night stay to our credit card ,plus $85.00. When we approached the Front Desk girl about it she said she showed no record of recieving our cash or charging our credit card, and we still owed for our entire stay. The CREDIT cCard company showed clearly we were charged from the Frenchmen Hotel for the exact amount. they still argued we were wrong. After batteling with the front desk girl to contact the manager, she finally did after an hour. She wouldnt let me speak to him as I was asking. She said he was on his way over to take care of it . 1 1/2 hours later, he's still nowhere to be found. She said he's definitley on his way. I THEN Saw her sneak outside to call him, and heard her say we were annoying her and we werent going away. She then handed us the phone and I had some words with Manager. He clearly instructed her to lie to to our face and waste 2 hours of our vacation time, sitting there waiting for him. He never had any intention of coming. He said he didnt know how to handle the situation and didnt know what to do. I informed him of my prior front desk experience ,and told him what I thought happened. I walked his front desk girl through instructions on clearing the problem with my credit card company. It was really by their competant people, that this situation got resolved. It was a draining experience for all of us. Especially when your on a budget and need all available credit. Or in this case it was a direct debit. I wish they had thier act together, because it's really a great spot, lots of cool clubs and live music litirally steps from the hotel. But next time I visit I will find somewhere else to stay in the same area.   
<Date>May 25, 2004
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>it was a wonderful surprise My boyfriend and I wanted to experience New Orleans for the first time. A very exciting city, almost 24/7, but when your at the Frenchmen, all the music, people and noise is where it should be, in the city.....the Frenchmen is in a very relaxing area of New Orleans, but only a hop, skip and a jump to the fun.....  
<Date>Apr 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Funky but.... This was our second stay at the Frenchmen and I think the best thing going for it is the location. Everything is a bit tattered around the edges but it fits with the neighborhood. Rooms are clean and staff helpful. If wire hangers bother you, don't stay here. But I do empathize with the previous poster. I was uncomfortable about sending the full payment for our special events stay. I think there were indications of a cash flow problem. Some items went beyond being quaintly tattered and into the disrepair realm. Examples: broken patio furniture and cold whirlpool. Also, there is no attendant after 11pm and the hotel security is not fool proof.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Reservation deposit not refunded I've read many good reviews of the Frenchmen and really wanted to stay there. That's why I didn't think twice about sending a check for half the full amount of my stay as a deposit for the French Qtr Festival at the end of January after makeing sure with the reservationist that a full refund would be given upon cancellation. However, by the first week of February I realized I could stay much longer at the Holiday Inn at a much cheaper daily rate so called the Frenchmen to cancel. Several weeks later I called to check on the refund of my deposit and was told it has to go through the accountant and takes 6-8 weeks. I thought that odd since they insist on a check or money order - no credit cards - within 10 days of making the reservation. The cancellation occurred the first week of Feb. It is now the second week of April and I still have not received my 310.00 back from the Frenchmen. I call weekly and am told the check is in the mail. If it ever does come I'll be afaid to deposit it into my account. If you reserve at the Frenchmen, better stay there cause you'll never get your money back.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time with Louisiana Hospitality My wife and I stayed aat the Frenchmen the week before Mardi Gras and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The price was extemely reasonable as it included secure parking, a satifying continental breakfast and knowledgable desk personnel. The neighborhood was eclectic and only a block from the French Quarter. We definitely intend to return and thoroughly enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Expensive for what you get but cool First off, Frenchman street in New Orleans is THE best place to stay in the city. Close enough for the madness on Bourbon street, but cleaner, quieter and with a better local flavor.The hotel itself would have been great, but the room had a funky smell to it and we weren't offered a different one. So we had a stinky room for four nights. A really loud party was also going on one night that was pretty bad. The room was a bit dirty when we arrived, and we had to have the housekeeping staff go through it again.The location is great, the hotel is cool, but very expensive for what you get, and we just thought we should have deserved more for the price paid in both service and cleanliness.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love the hotel i love this hotel. it's beautiful.i believe circa 1860 historic landmark (check the date on that) with an upstairs area overlooking a courtyard with pool situated perfectly behind a privacy gate. attached parking. delicious rooms with high celings. and a staff dedicated to making your stay comfortable and pleasant. the overall feel of the place is a wonderfully laid back kind of charm. beautiful scenery and wonderfully comfortable rooms. not to mention i parked my car ONCE in their lot and never had to move it again. from decatur to burboun to st phillips and back again i could walk ANYWHERE i needed or wanted to be. in short. this place is fantastic.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Time of our lives!!! It was the first time in four years that my wife and I were able to get away from work and children. We stayed at the Frenchman bed and breakfast and were blown away by how receptive and hospitality we were shown. The room was more than what we imagined. I have payed double for less. Price was great, location outstanding, stay ... look forward to going back soon. Thanks to the people at The Frenchman.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dream come true! Just got back from my first trip to New Orleans. After reading several positive reviews on this site, I booked my room through The Frenchmen's own website. The only thing that was wrong during check-in was that they had me in a room with a standard double bed  I had booked a queen bed. I realized it before we left the lobby and my room was changed with no problem. The staff was helpful in every way. A piece of the shower head was missing and they fixed it the afternoon we reported it.I loved the location of the hotel. It was very close to places to eat and listen to music, plus it was just a block away from the riverfront streetcar. It was very convenient to the French Market and no problem at all to walk to Bourbon Street. I loved staying on this side of the Quarter!The room I had was very nice and clean. We were given fresh towels every day, even though we hung ours up and didn't request new ones. The pool/hot tub/courtyard area is wonderful. Couldn't ask for a better retreat!I plan to stay there again and again!  
<Date>Jan 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We liked it so much We booked that hotel from Europe via the web. Definetely, that's the place where to stay: outside FQ to avoid the noise, but few foot from the market square and the nice caf茅 du monde. Marigny neighborough is the one to go to ear music, to have very good food (trust me as a French). We found the hotel very cosy, the rooms very big and comfortable, the looking as per the pictures on the web. Moreover, the service was excellent, the manager on duty and any other person were always helpful. I highly recommend the Frenchmen for any new comer in NO and I'd go there at any time. Regards, Eric  
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>waderlust
<Content>frechmen fun Well I want to report that all my hangers were in excellant condition! I have stayed at alot of hotels and this had the personality of NOLA along with charm- excellant pastry and 5 different coffees! Our room had been renovated but the shower in the other rooms ran hot and cold.I have never seen such a hard working cleaning staff and the rooms were clean.GREAT LOCATION-GREAT PRICE  
<Date>Jan 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice Experience The Frenchmen is a very nice place to stay. The rooms were decorated nicely and the courtyard with the jacuzzi and pool were beautiful. Above all, the staff was probably the friendliest I've ever encountered. Very outgoing and pleasant. The only bad thing I could say about it is that the rooms were just a little small, but for a single person or a close couple, it was fine.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful anniversary stay We enjoyed the charming room. Check-in was great. The hotel staff knowlegeable with information about the city and helpful with all requests. Rooms were clean and cleaned each day while we were out. Plenty of towels and toiletries. Convient location to the French Market and Quarter. We will stay there again when visiting New Orleans. For thoses people expecting a Chain Hotel, this is NOT it, but it is a wonderful quaint old Bed and Breakfast, if you are looking for something other than the usual run of the mill room, this is what you will want. Oh, I forget to mention the quite courtyard with the pool and hot tub, they are not large enough for laps, but big enough to cool off or unwind in the HOT tub, and it was quite warm. We enjoyed ourselves very much. Frank and Ellen Pinto  
<Date>Oct 31, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Disappointed in the Frenchmen I received the worst service I have ever experienced at the Frenchmen Hotel. I was on a road trip with some friends and stayed there in May. Our room was only even vaccuumed once, the sheets (which were dirty when we got there) were never changed, we had to request more and put them on ourselves, and there was mold in the shower. We complained about these things and expected them to be changed. When we went to check out, the manager would not adjust the bill even though none of our complaints were adressed. He lied and said that none of them had been reported even though the log book was sitting right in front of him and I had personally watched one of the people at the front desk record each of our complaints. He even had the nerve to raise his voice to us. Don't stay at this hotel, it's not worth the stress that it causes.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'm ready to go back....   showReview(1261434, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel! Clean with Friendly staff.   showReview(1137033, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ehbnyc
<Content>Great location, good bargain   showReview(1134152, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>character, charm, location   showReview(1121643, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Big Disappointment   showReview(1032287, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Frenchmen   showReview(1030267, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't count this place out!   showReview(930573, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay At The Frenchmen Hotel   showReview(927147, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Overrated   showReview(646290, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Service ends with the smiles   showReview(586399, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Entretien qutodien des chmbres...   showReview(17740134, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

