<Author>taikobaby
<Content>Petite Auberge-Cozy and cute! It was such a delight to stay at Petite Auberge for two nights. It is centrally located and the walk from Market/Powell is about ten minutes. As a Joy of Life Member (apply for free on the hotel's website), my boyfriend and I were upgraded to a queen guest room with a fireplace. We were also given a complimentary split of red wine and bon bons which was included in the free membership. The evening reception was fantastic (gourmet cheese and crackers, vegetable tray, apple streusel, and wine (red, white) and sherry. Bottled water is free. The complimentary breakfast was delicious (scrambled and boiled eggs, sausage, quiche, danishes, scones, croissants, assortment of breads (great sourdough, wheat, white), fresh cut fruit, coffee, tea, orange juice, and cranberry juice). The local paper was delivered every morning and they had USA Today available in the lounge with a fireplace. The hotel is very quaint and cozy and really does feel like a small French country inn. The hotel staff from the concierge to housekeeping were friendly and knowledgeable. The front desk recommended a great tapas place in the Mission District and also printed by boarding passes for me.I met a couple during the evening reception that told me they stayed at Petite Auberge 16 years ago. I can understand why they returned and I certainly plan to do the same the next time I visit SF!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>MemberFlorida
<Content>Highly recommend The Petite Auberge was lovely. The staff members were kind and professional. The room was perfect, the breakfast was delicious, and the overall atmosphere was warm and inviting.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DRoman
<Content>A great find in San Francisco The Petite Auberge on Bush Street in SFO was a great find. It's a small boutique hotel in Nob Hill. 1. Great location (a few blocks uphill from the Bart Station and the Powell Trolley line, minutes from the Chinatown Gate and Union Square)2. Lovely and helpful staff who took care of our needs almost immediately.3. Delicious and very complete breakfast 4. Wonderful complimentary wine reception in the evening where we made lots of new friends  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>NoelleDublin
<Content>Wonderful stay We stayed at the Petite Auberge from October 27 to 30th this year and thoroughly enjoyed it. The hotel is queit, ciomfortable, and the staff are extremely helpful. We had a king-size bed, and a fireplace, and both were welcoming after a long flight from Ireland. We arrived tired and it was great to feel welcomed and to be offered hospitability without any sense of being stinted. The hotel supplies freshly baked cookies on arrival, there is a coffee maker in the room, and there is a compolimentary wine reception in the evenings which is a great way of making friends with other guests if this is what you want. Breakrfasts, also complimentary, were substantial, with porridge, a cooked dish, and lovely fresh bakery products available. Any help needed was supplied by the friendly staff at the front desk. Rooms on the side of the second floor are quiet. The decor is a nicely judged French Provencal style, and fits in with the calm atmosphere. The lcoatuion is excellent too - a few mintues walk brings you to Union Square and the theatre district.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cdolley
<Content>Charming Hideaway on Nob Hill I spent one night in San Francisco and fell in love with The Petite Auberge. The staff were very friendly and helpful and the overall atmosphere was quaint and charming. Sipping wine in front of the fireplace and visiting with other guests from across the country added a special touch. I really enjoyed having a fireplace in my room. The breakfast was superb and I would go back in a minute.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>foodienyc82
<Content>WHAT A LOVELY STAY! I was in SF just last week for a conference and stumbled across this hotel during my search on the internet. The pictures are just so lovely from the site that I decided to find out more about it. It got really good marks from the fellow travelors on this site so I booked it! What an excellent choice it turned out to be! I booked a queen deluxe room and it was very spacious and completes with a lovely fireplace!!! It definitely comes in handy at night as it can get quite chilly! The wine reception everynight in addition to a jar of cookies everyday by the front desk makes it feel so cozy and personal. Staffs are really friendly, helpful and knowledgeable about all things SF. One huge plus is that it's very close to the cable car stop and close to all the shopping in town. (shopping areas are on my way to the conference center) All in all a gem in the hustling and bustling of the city. One minor bad thing (for me at least) about the stay is that the room faced the street. It got quite noisy on some nights (halloween etc) along with the traffic noise. BUT, obviously the hotel already anticipates that problem and offers ear plugs if you requestd. I will def stay there again next time i'm in town!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sag1234
<Content>Really, really great stay I recently attended a conference in San Francisco and my girlfriend and I stayed at the Petite Auberge for 4 nights. The hotel was wonderful. The staff was a pleasure - very friendly and helpful. We enjoyed the tasty breakfasts and socializing with other guests at the happy hours. Cookies were also awesome. Loved the fireplace in the room. The mattress was a little tough, but I didn't care in the context of our wonderful experience. It's a very neat place with a wonderful atmosphere. Will absolutely stay there the next time I'm in SF.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>W42-COM
<Content>Excellent Value - Great Location - Friendly Staff Recently I attended a conference in San Francisco at the Mosone Center. I was looking for a hotel within walking distance. Because I booked late, my choices were limited and was I lucky! Otherwise I would not have found this great little hotel Petite Auberge, that's just off Union Square. When it came up in the listing on Expedia, I wasn't sure, but I read some reviews and it looked good. I'm at 75+ room night per year traveler so I've stayed in my fair share of concrete boxes. This Inn looked interesting, from the description and photos it had character.The Petite Augerge is more of a Bed  Breakfast than a hotel. The rooms are nicely appointed with antique furniture and small touches remicinent of a BB. I was fortunate to get a room with a working gas fireplace (very cozy)! There were books and knickknacks on the mantel (not screwed down), robes in the armoire, a comforter and big puffy pillows on the bed. The staff was exceptional. Very friendly, helpful and really gave off the feeling that they were happy to be there helping you.The hotel serves breakfast each morning, quiche, sausages, fresh fruit, hot and cold cereal, an assortment of breads and pastries. The food was delicious, and the dining room cozy. In the afternoons, they have a wine and cheese reception where guests can get together and meet. I was surprised at how well attended they were! I was able to meet fellow travelers from around the globe, and everyone was having as enjoyable a stay as I did. Because it's a BB style, you'll probably find that most of the guests tend to be mature and more professional (EG: quiet, polite and considerate)From a location standpoint, you couldn't ask for anything better. It's a few blocks from Union Square / Nobb Hill and a 1/2 blocks from the Powell Street Cable Car. There are plenty of restaurants to choose from within walking distance and the friendly knowledgeable staff will help you choose and give good directions to get you there. It is within walking distance of the Moscone Center if you are attending a conference, and a quick cab ride to Fishermans Wharf (I went twice and it was less than $8.00 each way) or you can take the Cable Cars.The Goods: Extremely clean, fantastic and I mean Fantastic Water Pressure in the shower, great decor, superb staff, great food, very central location, excellent value.The Bads: Well, nothing really. If you dis-like BB's, need extreme quite to sleep, don't like the occasional floor squeak or a little street noise or demand a fancy restaurant and bar in the lobby, then you might want to look elsewhere. Everyone else, this is a GREAT FIND.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>beautysMistress
<Content>Petite Auberge Sweet Home away from Home This is a great little hotel in the down town area. It is Close to Union Square and China Town and many attractions are within walking distance. We stayed in the petite suite and felt like a little place pulled out of the French countryside. The breakfast was great and with lots of variety and they also serve wine and cheeses around 5pm in a friendly living room area (with fireplace). It was all very good quality and both breakfast and wine/cheese included in the room price.But the best part was the fabulous service from everyone working at the hotel. They went out of their way to make our stay memorable. After our stay at the Petite Auberge I wouldn鈥檛 stay anywhere else while in San Francisco and hope to visit there again soon.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelCalendar
<Content>Cozy and Caring What a treat to enter the cozy small inn and be treated to exceptional customer service and homemade cookies! It was chilly in the city that day, yet the quaint but immaculate surroundings, fireplaces and delicious food invited us to relax. This location is close to Union Square and public transportation to all sites. The staff is friendly, helpful and committed to making you feel welcome, comfortable and eager to return.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>ivyleaguette
<Content>The most wonderful place ... Good friends had recommended Petite Auberge, as they stayed here many times in the past. It was our first visit to San Francisco and this location couldn't have been better. It was within walking distance to everywhere you want to go. It was also very comfortable and homey. We had the most wonderful room with a fireplace. Unfortunately, we missed the evening wine gathering, but the breakfast was a real treat. There were plenty of places to sit and eat or just hang out and relax. The cookies were AMAZING! We will definitely stay here again when we return to the area.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Spoiled_travelers
<Content>Second time visitor remains impressed We weren't sure we would have the same excellent experience almost 10 years after our first stay at the Petite Auberge. We remembered it as a very charming and cozy and in an excellent location for getting around on foot. My memories were so fond that I risked booking reservations for our traveling companions; two well traveled couples used to excellent accomodations. We weren't disappointed. Hardly showing any wear in those 10 years, the Petite Auberge didn't disappoint us. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and our reputation with our friends has remained intact.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Colleen08
<Content>charming French country-style hotel We enjoyed our stay at Petie Auberge, a small French country style hotel with an excellent location close to Union Square. The rooms are comfortable and well appointed; most have a fireplace. Bathrooms may be small, but are clean.The breakfast buffet is excellent with a wide selection of fresh choices. The daily wine reception with hors d'oeuvre in the late afternoon is a welcome treat after a day of walking around the city, and a good way to meet fellow guests and share the experiences of the city.Hotel staff are very helpful and seem to go out of their way to please guests -- not something you often find in large chain hotels.It is a small hotel with all the necessary amenities for a quiet, comfortable stay or a getaway. Although you will not find a pool or in-house restaurant, its central location to good restaurants and entertainment more than make up for this.We would definitely go back to Petite Auberge when we are in San Francisco again.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>icteacher
<Content>Petite Auberge Welcome Out second stay at this wonderful boutique hotel close to Nob Hill and Union Square. A very welcoming staff. You meet the nicest people at their late afternoon wine and snack hour and at the buffet breakfast. Breakfast buffet is good but not great and the wine and appetizers are excellent. Hope to come back many more times.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mmajere
<Content>Mixed Review While we really wanted to LOVE this inn/bb, we found that the heating system in the room did not work. We were given an extra blanket one night, and then offered a space heater on our last night. Also, despite the fact that we booked the suite, we found that the bathroom, especially the walls in the toilet area, had not been properly cleaned in awhile. In spite of this, we did enjoy the breakfasts, and the wine/cheese afternoon spreads.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	2	3	3	3	

<Author>don15215
<Content>If you'd prefer personal to corporate this is the place for you! My wife and I are fairly seasoned travelers and generally prefer a small property to one of the big corporate properties. The Petite Auberge was an extraordinary find. They seem to have two sizes of room - big and little - and price accordingly. We stayed in a small room which was comfortable but a bit cramped. The posted photos show both styles of room and I would guess that some other reviewers thought they were getting the large room when they had paid for the small one. There is no A/C in the room and in SF you almost never need it but we were there during a hot spell and had to ask the front desk for a fan which was delivered in about three minutes and worked wonders. The open windows let in street noise but living in the city as we do we're used to that.The service and attention was terrific. Freshly baked cookies are available 24/7 and one evening we came back from dinner to face a home made pound cake with chocolate frosting: We were too full to say yes but I still regret it.The breakfasts are wonderful. For the life of me I can't understand why other reviewers would complain about them. Fresh quiches, fresh rolls, fresh fruit, fresh breads, boiled eggs, homemade oatmeal, juices and really good coffee. We could hardly believe it it was so good. Sort of spoiled us for the rest of the day.The location is just a block away from the Powell-Hyde Trolley and within walking distance of both Union Square and Chinatown. SF is hilly, really really hilly so if you're not in shape you're better off taking a cab. The neighborhood is mostly large apartment buildings with a mix of small businesses and small hotels. No problem there.No one should confuse this property with the Hyatt. It really is a matter of taste and preference but if you like small, personal properties when you travel you'll love this one.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>LOUGIR
<Content>like at home       a french touch  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Kavoo
<Content>Charming! We stayed for 3 nights - our first trip to San Fran. Boy did we luck out! This is a wonderful inn. Our room was beautifully decorated and had a gas fireplace. Very romantic (and practical for cooler nights). The staff bent over backwards for us - very friendly. If there is one area that could use some improvement it would be the breakfast. I would expect more than a breakfast lifted from a Comfort Inn. It didn't matter much though because after hiking up the San Fran hills and chasing cable cars, I would have eaten anything!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>brendaBelfast
<Content>fantastic small hotel belfast northern ireland.my husband and i stayed in the petite auberge for six nights.although it really was,nt that cheap it was well worth the cost.the staff were all so helpful and friendly from the desk staff right down to the cleaners.we had one of the larger rooms with the fireplace which i loved..the breakfast was lovely and set us up for the day.in the evening the wine and snacks were also a treat but it meant we had such lovely chats with the other guests and made some new friends..we travelled along way and i was more than pleased with this cute hotel. i will be back.b. lilleybelfast  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Aussie2urist
<Content>Not as good as I hoped The pictures and some reviews make this hotel to be amazing. However when we came to our room it was next to the reception desk, was stuffy, small and was nothing like what was on the website. As we had paid over US$220 per night for a room we refused to stay there.We ended up staying at the hotel next door also owned and run by this hotel. See review for that place (White Swan Inn).  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>charlieF51
<Content>Petite Auberge was fantastic My wife and I decided to visit San Francisco to celebrate our 25th anniversary. After extensive research, I chose to stay at the Petite Auberge based on location, cost, amenities, and reviews by others. I cannot stress enough how pleased we both were with our choice. The Petite Auberge far exceeded our expectations. When we arrived, we were given a beautiful room with a fireplace and large bay window. We found a bottle of champagne and chocolates, and a teddy bear on the bed! The room was clean and layed out well. Every morning we ate a wonderful breakfast at the hotel which saved us considerable time and money. The staff were all so friendly and helpful - and Andy is a delight! Our favorite part was the wine and hors d'oeuvre every evening. This feature was great for us to meet so many other nice people from all over the world. We could not find one flaw in this hotel and would certainly stay here any time we return to SF.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>LoriYsaac
<Content>Great bed and breakfast Our stay at Petite Auberge exceeded our expectations. The room was lovely and clean! Each morning we had a wonderful breakfast and the highlight of our trip was the afternoon Happy Hour from 5-7pm. We met so many wonderful people and thoroughly enjoyed comparing our days adventures with each other. The hotel is within walking distance of Union Square and Fisherman's Wharf. The staff provided us with a list of area restaurants and each one was great! I also want to commend the staff. They were so friendly and helpful. I have never been to a hotel where the staff was so friendly and geniunely nice. Sure the Hotel is old, but not at all outdated, and very well kept. We will definitely stay there again if we go to San Francisco.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gbh001
<Content>Disappointed Little soundproofing between floors, so kept awake by footsteps.Rather run down, and needs refurbishment. On a noisy street, close to Union square. Ideal for shopping, but that's about all.Room staff excellent. We were made to feel uncomfortable when my wife lit up a cigarette outside.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>KATHSH
<Content>Very disappointed This is not the place to stay if you want a peaceful nights sleep! We were constantly woken up, either by really squeaky floorboards, clanking water pipes, the (really loud) sound when any neibouring room has a shower, and then finally by the maids being loud outside our door (for which they did apologise to be fair, but still!) It is very tired and in real need of an overhaul. Fine if you have low expectations but not if you like real comfort and peace  quiet.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	2	1	

<Author>barsu
<Content>Absolutely loved this hotel and its staff From the moment we booked the room we were treated wonderfully. We were getting married in San Francisco and had heard great things about the PA. Our room was upgraded to a Deluxe King w/fireplace. They had champagne and chocolates waiting for us along with 2 teddy bears to keep. Every single employee treated us as royalty, or better yet as their family. Their breakfasts were wonderful and so was their afternoon wine and cheese. The hotel was so homey and comfortable it was indeed like being in a French Countryside Inn. Our room was delightful. Many, many thanks to all at the Petite Auberge .. especially, Anna, Mary, Tina, Andy, the day desk clerk whose name escapes me and manager Eric. These wonderful people and anyone else whose names I didn't get, made this a wedding and honeymoon we'll never forget. We will be back each year to spend our anniversary with you.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>patsy52sandiego
<Content>Comfortable and friendly Finding the right hotel is always a challenge when we travel. We avoid high rise hotels...the rooms feel airless and hermetically sealed. We like the ability to open a window.We had greatly enjoyed a small chain called the Four Sisters and, through that route, found La Petite Auberge, formerly related I believe. La Petite Auberge turned out to be perfect, with an excellent location close to everything, very comfortable room, and a staff that was always ready to assist to make our stay the best. High rise hotels do not generally offer breakfast, another reason for our choice. Definitely a timesaver and completely enjoyable with fellow travelers. Wine and cheese in the afternoon is just the right touch after a day of running around the city.Thanks to Petite Auberge and the friendliest, most helpful staff...we will definitely come again.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JMTF
<Content>Great value and great location This hotel surpassed our expectations. As an ex-pat but a native of San Francisco, I have been back to visit a few times when a hotel stay was necessary. With the Petite Auberge, things went well from the start. Friendly, competent person on the phone, rates adjusted down for the off-season, easy to find and drive to, a loading zone in front so we could park right at the door to unload our luggage - not to be taken for granted in downtown S.F.! Each person who was on duty at the desk during our stay proved to be very friendly, competent and knowledgeable. The room was small but clean, charmingly furnished, and comfortable. It was quiet for a room in the center of the city. Parking arrangements were practical. We know where to stay on our next visit home.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>glklimoski
<Content>Could Have Been Better The location was fine - a bit uphill if you're not in shape; the room was nice (deluxe queen); the food amenities averaged good. Wine and cheese in the evening very good but breakfast consisted of the same hot food every day - a not very good or hot quiche. Nice breads and fruit with some pastries but would have like more variation on the hot dishes and would have liked then hot. We were there during an unexpected hot spell and the rooms are not air conditioned. The windows open, but there is a lot of exterior noise from nearby bars and the streets which kept us awake two nights. More troubling is the noise from the water pipes in adjoining rooms which is substantial. This was particularly troubling since the room next to ours took EARLY showers (5:30 AM) that lasted more than 30 minutes. A call to the desk brought no relief. The staff was great and the room charming if a bit worn.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kateykat
<Content>Home away from home I was SO delighted with my stay at Petite Auberge! I picked it because of a combination of location, price,  projected ambience. Upon arrival, I was very pleasantly surprised at how the hotel exceeded my expectations. It was indeed convenient  extremely affordable. It was also such a cozy, comfortable place! The set-up makes it feel more like visiting Grandma's house than staying in an urban hotel. The fun part about visiting shortly before Christmas was having a gorgeous tree  presents in the living room, an environ made complete with a comfy sofa, a real fire in the fireplace,  an endless supply of cookies  hot chocolate. My bedroom felt like my own, not like an impersonal hotel suite. The bed itself was great - excellent mattress, pillows,  linens - making it difficult for me to get out of the room to do anything else! Hotel staff was very courteous  helpful throughout my stay. And the delicious breakfast was a great treat on a sleepy morning! Not everything was delicious...but most of it was! ;-) My only criticism (if one can call it that) is that the shower was EXTREMELY small. And I'm a rather small girl, so I don't know how a tall, broad man would fare! But the building is what it is, so there's only so much that can be done about that situation. It didn't make my stay any less enjoyable or relaxing. I REALLY love this place  will absolutely stay there again.!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Spring_Violets
<Content>Perfect! My husband and I stayed at Petite Auberge March 8-14, 2008. What a gem! I am from the east coast and this quaint BB reminded me of similar places in Cape May, NJ. All of the staff was courteous and helpful and the breakfasts were delicious. In the late afternoon wine, cheese and fruit were put out in front of a lovely gas fireplace. The location was ideal with public transportation only two blocks away. Our room was a deluxe queen with fireplace. Lovely bay windows and roomy but the entire establishment is showing its age and is in need of fresh paint. Not dirty - just time for a facelift.Absolutely would recommend the Petit Auberge. Made our San Francisco vacation extra special.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Maggie71
<Content>Special place - very charming Staying at Petite Auberge was part of a romantic trip - first Las Vegas, then two days in San Francisco. (I know... odd mixture)Be warned: It is a bit of a shock, when you come from one of these huge rooms you find in Vegas - with big bath, a bed the size of a complete Japanese hotel ROOM, flatscreen TV, etc.On arrival I entered the room first, and turned back to my significant other with you'll kill me for choosing this. Put it down to cultural shock! Small room, and one queen sized bed for two rather tall grown-ups - you got to be in love for enjoying this :) We enjoyed our weekend (2 nights) very much: The hotel is very clean and furnished with a deep love for details. Antique bed / desk / wardrobe, porcelaine doorknobs (probably authentic, too), lots of laced pillows and stuff -a wonderful, cosy place for a romantic weekend. If you are really head over heels (as we are), you'll even find the strange Spanish girl funny that might be catering your Sunday breakfast... a bit harsh and difficult to understand - but nothing that spoils your day. The neighbourhood is rather run down, as can be read in other reviews - but there's a liquor shop at the next corner hill-down (urgently needed after a dinner at an Indian restaurant - food tasted good, but shouldn't have looked into the kitchen...) and a surprisingly good takeaway pizza place next corner hill-up. A cable car stop is not far, and all in all I think the location is ok to give a good base for trips to almost any part of the town.Nice idea for single travellers: they have a wine tasting (= get-together) every evening. Meet other guests and maybe explore the city together. The White Swan next door apparently offers the same - with the possibility to have breakfast or wine tasting at the other house.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Brutus98
<Content>Hidden gem with many perks! The Petie Auberge was perfect for our San Francisco stay. This little European style BB complimented the European feel of the city perfectly. Breakfast was delicious, and the wine reception was such a great break after a long day of walking up and down the hills! The staff was very friendly and helpful. The best perk of the stay, however, was the afternoon spent with our complimentary Golden Gate Greeter. Our tour guide, Adrienne, was wonderful. We scoured the whole city experiencing neighborhoods and seeing sites we would have never found on our own.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>dontmakemethink
<Content>Cute, clean, and cozy My group of 4 people (2 couples) stayed here for a night in the city in January. From the cute bears displayed throughout the hotel, to the breakfast service in the morning, we had an amazing time. The location is good, especially if you're planning on visiting Union Square -- we spent most of our time in North Beach, but just used cabs to get around.We all had a great time, and highly recommend the Petite Auberge for a romantic getaway in San Francisco.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>robertoed
<Content>Great mini vacation I presented a workshop in San Mateo on Feb 2 and my wife and I decided to make it a long weekend. She arrived first and was received with the upmost courtesy. A very nice young man (he later said he was born in Vietnam) helped her with her suitcase. He later walked us to the White Swan (a sister property) to help us get an umbrella. The hotel is very near Chinatown, cable car line (buy a daily pass, it is worth it) and Union Square so she went shopping while I worked. The room was not large, but it was very romantic. I selected a queen bed with fireplace, it is worth the extra money. The hotel hosts a wine tasting every afternoon, an excellent touch. The hotel also provides a very good breakfast. We made an excellent choice selecting this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KalypsoNator
<Content>Best Service Ever My SO and I stayed in this hotel for Macworld 2008 and absolutely loved it. The room was very comfortable, and was furnished beautifully with period style furnishings which made it seem cozy and very un-hotel like. The bed was great, with fluffy feather pillows and a warm coverlet that was perfect for snuggling under. The breakfast was very nice, and was served in an adorably muraled room downstairs. Arrangements could be made to have it brought up as well, if you wished. Perhaps the best part of the hotel was the excellent service. Everyone seemed to remember who we were and which room was ours. The front desk staff seemed genuinely interested in how our trip was going, and were always helpful with suggestions. Leaving our car with the valet was effortless, even when we forgot something in the car and had to have it brought back around so we could retrieve it. The front desk staff was also happy to store our bags for us after we checked out on our last day, so we could leave our car and have a walking tour of nearby China Town and Market Street.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Traveler1423
<Content>Highly Recommended! We stayed at the Petite Auberge in September 2007 and we simply loved it!The location was great. We didn't rent a car during our stay, but the hotel is just a short walk from the California cable car line as well as the Powell-Mason and Powell-Hyde cable car lines and so, we were able to get to all of our destinations without any problems. The hotel is also a short walk to Union Square if you feel like doing some shopping. While at the Petite Auberge, we found the rooms to be very cozy. We were never cold in the room and the gas fireplace was great! Overall, the room was clean. The only downside to the room was the walls were fairly thin, so we could hear our next door neighbors come back in the evening. Nevertheless, the room was quiet and we had no trouble sleeping during the night.The staff was very friendly and helpful in offering us advice during our stay. The breakfast buffet downstairs was pretty good and although we never had a chance to enjoy the common room, we noticed that other travelers seemed to be really enjoying themselves. The free bottled spring water was also great!We would definitely stay at this hotel again and we highly recommend this hotel to other travelers. Enjoy!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>MsLeisureHill
<Content>Great location but no insulation! Petite Auberge is small, quaint and decorated with a fading French flair. An older member of the Joie De Vivre group, the rooms are in dire need of redecorating. Nestled in the heart of the city, the location was perfect for me, my two teenagers and another family with kids with their active grandmother. The staff was friendly, helpful, and always available. It was good to know from the hotel reservations website that the cost of parking our rented car was included in our rate. Breakfast next door at the White Swann Inn (also included) was good enough.Buffet style fresh fruit, oatmeal, do-it-yourself toast, supermarket pastries, and surprisingly excellent coffee.Our rooms were cozy looking with their working gas fireplaces, but unfortunately freezing cold. My room on the 3rd floor turned out to be above the alley where the garbage trucks arrived at 5:45am. My friends room on the 5th floor was large and sunny (it reminded me of the top floor room at the Hotel Le Tourville in Paris), but I wish I had had a squeegee with me to clean the filthy windows. Free hot tea, coffee, cold bottles of water and sodas along with apples and cookies are always available in the inviting basement living room that serves as the hotel common area. I knew I would never return when I decided to pour some hot water for a late night tea from the carafe that the staff keeps filled. I flicked on the light in the small kitchen just off the living room to reheat the water in the microwave. Yuch, yuch, yuch. The kitchen was so dirty I was nauseated.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	3	3	3	

<Author>Quilter364
<Content>Petite Auberge - Great Hotel and great price We had a delightful stay - charming room, wonderful breakfasts, great central location, helpful and friendly staff members and great price for a hotel stay in San Francisco -all made it a memorable experience. Unfortunately we never were able to attend their afternoon wine get togethers since we were out and about. We will go back to Petite Auberge if we ever travel to San Francisco again.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>lilysdads
<Content>Horrible costumer service Just to be clear - I did not stay at this hotel. I tried to stay at this hotel and while booking with Travelocity, I was assured rooms were available for my dates. I went through the multiple steps (including giving my credit card # twice) to book the room. The last step said ERROR - no rooms avialble. OK, fair enough, Travelocity isn't the hotel. Let's call the hotel directly. Two phone calls - no one picks up either time and a machine answers saying they will call the customer back - no return phone call. Forget it. Plenty of other places to stay in SF!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CaliforniaDyno
<Content>Petite Auberge Getaway, Excellent!!! Nov 2007My husband and I stayed at the Petite Auberge for the first time. We found this wonderful hideaway in the city we love to visit, San Francisco. From the moment we arrived we felt welcomed until our departure 3 days later. Everyone that worked there had a smile on their face and always asked if there was anything they could do for us.In a fast paced city here is this French Country Inn with a charming and romantic atmosphere. It is located between Nob Hill and Union Square and very accessible to shopping, restaurants and the transportation systems (Bart, cable car and buses).A gourmet breakfast is served every morning and hors d'oeuvres and wine are served in the evening. If you have to do a little work while on vacation there is free wireless internet available.I do suggest booking the Petite Auberge suite, it was fabulous. A jacuzzi tub, fireplace and a lot of other amenities. I will be back!! Dan  Nancy Giallombardo  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hannah9
<Content>Loved the Petite Auberge We just returned from 4 nights at the Petite Auberge in San Francisco. What a charming Inn. The room we had was a little on the small side. I believe they call it a cozy Queen That didn't matter. The rest of the stay there made up for it. The staff goes above and beyond to make you feel that you are the only one that matters.They see to your every need. From reservations for tours to restaurants. They help you with your luggage in and out. They call a cab for you. Just everything.The breakfast in wonderful and the afternoon munchies of wine and cheese were welcomed. It was fun having conversations with people over a glass of wine. So relaxing.I would go back again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dawnd1970
<Content>Loved th Petite Auberge This hotel was so cute. Excellent location. Close to the trolleys. This location was built in the early 1900's. It was turned into a hotel 12 years ago. Elevator was the old style and very cool. Make sure you get a room with a fireplace. The other rooms are very small. Very clean and comfy. Comfortable Breakfast was good. Wine and cheese was good.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>monkey769
<Content>Hidden Gem in San Francisco The driver from the airport to this inn had never heard of this place, which worried me at first. But what a great little place niched in the heart of San Francisco. It's got a bed and breakfast feel (personalized service, nice complimentary breakfast) in the size of a smaller hotel. The front desk were incredibly amenable and willing to help in any way -- including directions, restaurant locations, etc. The only major negative - the wireless internet was really spotty. As a business traveler, there weren't any places to go to work on business documents so I was heavily reliant on my laptop. Overall a good stay at a great price for this city.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	4	2	

<Author>PastorTravel
<Content>A nice little oasis in the middle of the city! Petite Auberge is located ideally in S.F. --- just south of Nob Hill, just north of Union Square and only a few blocks from China Town. We found the location to be so convenient!The room (Queen Superior) was adequate for space and nicely decorated...though a little tired. As you might imagine, with the windows open at night it was noisy --- but hey, this is the city! The breakfast and evening reception were nice, though unspectacular. We did meet some very nice people!The staff, for the most part, were helpful. Some seemed a little distracted when we asked for help. Not a problem! If you have a car I would recommend choosing the package which includes the valet parking. Whenever we needed the car it was there in approximately 10 minutes. Very effecient! By the way, the traffic was not as bad as I had expected.The highlight of the stay, however, was the Golden Gate greeter! This is offered complimentary and is not to be missed!! What a wonderful perk. A local volunteer escorts you around the town for several hours introducing you to the community and its distinctinve features. It was wonderful.Our favorite restaurant (within 3 blocks) was Cafe Andree. There are many small, wonderful restaurants nearby!We aren't fans of the big cities....but had a great stay at Petite Auberge in S.F.J  M in Richmond  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>TennesseeVacationer
<Content>Very Enjoyable Stay! My wife and I celebrated our 30th anniversary with a trip to San Francisco and the surrounding area. Having been there numerous times since our honemoon in San Francisco in 1977, we wanted to stay at smaller hotels and or BB's rather than the larger chain hotels that are of similar design no matter the city. I looked online and found the Joie de Vivre group of hotels and booked one night at Petite Auberge. What a pleasant and enjoyable stay! The hotel is very close to Union Square so you can walk to much of the city. We tend to overdo the walking but it's good excercise.The staff was very friendly and helpful. Andy, the bellman showed us our room and offered a fan if we wished ( even tho no AC in room it was not needed). The room was well decorated with high ceilings, antique furniture, large windows, a gas fireplace, and the shower had good water pressure. Our most enjoyable part of the stay was the breakfast in the breakfast room downstairs. Fresh fruit, coffee, scones, etc. Very enjoyable and relaxing.We picked up a car across the street and left our bags at the hotel after we checked out. Andy (again) insisted on helping me carry them across the street. Very courteous. My wife and I definately recommend the Petite Auberge for a relaxing stay in SF.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>NewJerseyJake
<Content>The Best small hotel in San Fran A great location for Union Square and Chinatown. Also, for transportaion to Fisherman's Wharf (15-minute ride). Hotel is very clean and people friendly. The complimentary wine every nite is a great place to talk with other visitors and the bottled water to take on your excursions each day was great!! Would stay here next visit to San Fran  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jslotter2004
<Content>Honeymoon in Frisco My wife and I began our honeymoon with three nights at Petite Auberge in San Francisco. We had an extremely lovely time, staying in the suite at the back of the house. Though not an exceptionally picturesque view, the small deck off the back was a nice escape to sit out and have coffee.Inside the room was decorated as expected, but was ample in size. The bed was comfortable, though a little soft, as was the rest of the room. The bathroom was a little outdated, but there was nothing wrong with it. We loved the gas fireplace, and small wine fridge. Breakfast and happy hour wine and cheese were excellent times to meet other guests and enjoy pleasant treats. Also, the staff was quite helpful, often recommeding sites to see and restaurants to try. Overall, no negatives to cite.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Penfield222
<Content>Charming inn; ideal location I had originally booked a DIFFERENT inn, based on tripadvisor recommendations. Escaped the other inn within a half-hour (see my other San Francisco review for reasons why), after calling to find out whether the Petite Auberge had a vacancy. They did. What a relief it was to find a place that lives up to its best reviews. The decor is antique (or reproduction antique) provincial French throughout. Rooms are decent-sized, very well kept, with decor that matches the public areas. Staff is more than helpful.Fresh-baked cookies and coffee are available in the tiny but adorable lobby, any time. Sumptuous breakfast downstairs includes quiches, tons of fresh fruit, croissants, and other delectable baked goods. There's a small, darling patio off the dining room but SF mornings tend to be chilly so I didn't see anyone take advantage of it while I was there.In the evenings, wine and cheese (or other snacks) are served in the sitting room and guests chat freely with one another. I imagine that most folks who choose a BB or small inn over a large impersonal hotel do so because they enjoy this sort of exchange with other travelers.A tiny European-style elevator serves the floors but I noticed that most guests, like me, used the stairs except when carrying luggage. The treads on the stairway from the second floor to the lobby are a little narrow, possibly because they've been carpeted when they weren't originally intended to be, and that limits the space for your foot. That, and the fact that wifi isn't offered free, unless you sign up for their club membership (free), are my only complaints with an otherwise perfect little inn.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>MichaelAMiller
<Content>Excellent location, value, hospitality, breakfast, and lodging. By Michael A. Miller 鈥?Date of visit 8/28-29/07We stayed at the Petite Auberge as the last stop on a trip from San Diego to San Francisco and it was a delightful surprise set in Knob Hill district of the city. It is continently located and has easy access to all public transportation. We took the parking package and were pleased to have our car delivered, no questions asked whenever needed. The room, number 325, on the first floor was spacious, well decorated, and had a garden view. The breakfast was more than ample with many choices. Wine was server in the evening and cookies with tea were available in the afternoon. For those that like BB style living this was perfection.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JMPCapeCod_Ma
<Content>A pleasant surprise From the greeting upon arrival to the helpful, smiling assistance, we totally enjoyed our four night stay. The wine and cheese hour was a great way to unwind and meet new people for lively conversations. The breakfast every morning was delicious. I would visit again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jjlh
<Content>Charming hotel with great staff in Union Square Every August, my daughter and I head to Union Square for back-to-school shopping. Usually, I choose a hotel very close to Union Square for the best price I can find. This year, I wanted a special hotel because we would also be celebrating my daughter's 16th birthday. When I made reservations at the Petite Auberge, I mentioned my daughter's birthday. A week before our arrival, the hotel staff called and offered an upgraded room in honor of my daughter's birthday. Very generous! The hotel is charming and quiet, within walking distance to Union Square. The hotel is not as close to Union Square as other hotels I have stayed at but I will definitely return to the Petite Auberge instead of staying somewhere closer to Union Square. The hotel staff are incredibly friendly and accomodating. We arrived at 10am and the staff had no problem holding our bags. They would have let us check in early except our room was not yet vacated. We were allowed to valet-park our car early as well. The valet parking staff are very responsive and we did not have to wait for our car to be parked or retrieved. The housekeeping staff knew what room we were in, directing me to the correct floor before I even realized I was on the wrong floor. Our room was clean, comfortable, and spacious with a bay window and fireplace. The bathroom was a bit small and the lighting in the bathroom could be better. The robes in the bathrooms are cozy and the bed was comfortable. The breakfast room on the lower floor was small but quaint. The breakfast itself was average. One nice touch at the Petite Auberge is the help-yourself refrigerator near the breakfast area. Complimentary bottled water and soft drinks are always available. I was definitely impressed with the high level of customer service and quality at the Petite Auberge and will return again in the future.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jbiny
<Content>Even better than expected Stayed for 2 nights while visiting San Francisco...Had the feel of a beautiful French Country Inn...just what I was looking for. Especially enjoyed the fireplace in the room. My only problem is that I was awakened by the Sanitation Dept picking up garbage, I looked at the clock and it happened right around 5:30 each morning. Luckily, I was able to fall back to sleep.The hotel staff was extremely helpful in making dinner reservations and giving directions. The breakfast was enjoyable and the wine and cheese a treat! We enjoyed the whole experience and would most definately stay at this hotel the next time we visit this great city.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Homebuddies
<Content>Ambiance with a French accent Whenever we require lodging for any of our East Coast trips, my husband and I generally prefer to stay at historic hotels, country inns or bed and breakfast establishments as they provide us with a relaxing atmosphere, casual setting and comfortable surroundings of home. We also enjoy the camaraderie usually offered by their friendly hosts and fellow travelers.  However, when we began searching for accommodations for a recent trip to the West Coast, we never expected to find anything that met our usual criteria. Imagine our surprise and delight when we came across an Internet listing for a boutique hotel with the warm and welcoming ambiance of a French country inn right in the heart of San Francisco! One glance at the website for Petite Auberge convinced us that we needn't search for accommodations any further. We reserved a cozy queen-sized bedroom with a corner fireplace and charming decor. Upon a very late arrival, we were greeted by a very gracious gentleman, who set the tone for our entire stay. The hospitable staff at Petite Auberge and all its extra amenities, including complimentary breakfasts and afternoon wine and cheese receptions, made our visit to San Francisco most enjoyable.  When making plans for future trips to California, we will most certainly plan to make reservations at this fine establishment or another member of the JDV hotel group.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Brooklinetraveler
<Content>Loved the Petite Auberge I stayed at the Petite Auberge for 2 nights this past August. I loved this B and B. The location was perfect. it was within walking distance to almost every place I wanted to be.My room was described as a cozy queen. I found it to be quite comfortable and not at all cramped. (Sometimes cozy means very small).I stayed there alone and felt safe. It was cool at night so having a fireplace in my room was a luxury I don't have at home.Breakfast was yummy and was held in a lovely room downstairs. I woke up to the smell of coffee.I also appreciated the products left in the bathroom. They were not the standard items you would never use, but were aveda.I recommended this place to several friends and would gladly stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GramCrackers
<Content>Comfortable and Friendly We found the Petite Auberge in one of Frommer's guide books and decided to try it on our first trip to San Francisco. The location was good and so was the price. The staff was very friendly and helpful (especially Andy). Our room was larger than expected. The bathroom was very nice. I loved the free breakfast - eggs, quiche, fresh fruit, cereal, pastries, toast, juice and coffee. They served wine and snacks late in the afternoon. It was a nice time to meet our fellow travelers and compare notes. It's not one of those huge, modern, big city hotels. If I ever get back to San Francisco I'd like to stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>VL1124
<Content>Perfect boutique hotel! We arrived at Petite Auberge and loved the hotel from the moment we walked in, it exceeded our expectations! The room was cozy and perfect, we felt as if we were staying in some one's home which is a very comfortable feeling (much nicer than staying in some of those big chain hotels). The wine and cheese by the fireplace in the evening was a delight, especially after our day in the city and it was a perfect chance to chat with other guests about their favorite places in San Francisco. Then to be able go back and sit next to our fireplace in our room and settle in for the evening was the best way to end the day. The breakfast the next morning in the dining and living area was lovely, the food was great and kept us going for most of the day. We are so pleased we came across your website, and next time we are in San Francisco we will definitely stay at Petite if it's available if not we will most likely choose one of the other JDV hotels. I work for a travel company so I have stayed in many many hotels and this was probably my best experience at a hotel, the service was fabulous, all the staff were extremely friendly, helpful, and very knowledgeable when it came to the city. The hotel itself was adorable, well decorated, clean and very cozy. We wish you were in more cities because other cities could use hotels like you! Everything about our stay at the hotel (and the city) was wonderful and we are quickly planning our return trip, hopefully for the near future! I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone planning a trip to San Francisco.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>avelon1110
<Content>A wonderful country inn in downtown San Francisco My husband and I stayed at the Petite Auberge for our 25th wedding anniversary and found it to be everything we had hoped for. It was like staying with a big friendly family. The room was great. The fireplace made it feel cozy. The room was not enormous, but plenty big enough with a couch and a desk as well as a kingsize bed. The breakfasts were wonderful and quite substantial. At 5PM wine, cheese and crackers appeared and we enjoyed talking to people from other countries and learning about their journeys. I have never stayed at a hotel where the guests were so friendly with one another. The location was convenient for all that we planned to do and the staff was very helpful and accommodating. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Gypsy52
<Content>Perfect Place This was our first trip to San Francisco as a couple. We were treated wonderfully by all staff members. They were extremely helpful in booking sightseeing tours and giving us directions on places we wanted to walk. Our room was delightful with the fireplace and we met many people during breakfast and at the afternoon reception. The food and beverages were delicious and such a variety. We couldn't have asked for a more perfect retreat. We are looking forward to staying again.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>betagirl50
<Content>Petite Auberge is "petite," but very cute! I was pleased to find that the Petite Auberge was in a pretty good neighborhood. The interior decoration is super-cute...French cottage style. Very well done. The room was tiny, but well-decorated and suited our needs just fine. But beware...the shower stall in our room was VERY tiny. We hit the free breakfast buffet. It was pretty good. It included quiche, sausage patties, cold cereals, oatmeal, fruit, toast, pastries, and orange juice, cranberry juice, and coffee. Valet parking at first seemed pricey, but it's within the average for similar hotels.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Louchuck
<Content>Wonderful stay at a wonderful B We came from New York not knowing what to expect -- websites are often misleading -- but found the Petite Auberge to be a real treasure. The location is perfect for seeing all the sights, the room with a fireplace was beautifully appointed and romantic. Breakfast and the wine and cheese snacks in the afternoon were nicely done, and the staff couldn't have been more helpful. All in all, it made for a wonderful location to celebrate our 25th anniversary, and I would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jbbTampa_FL
<Content>Would not return to this hotel Small hotel in great location. Rooms are narrow. If you wish to watch the TV, it is quite an ordeal. You must slide out the shelf that it is on in the armoire until it is in a precarious position and partially blocks access to the bathroom. The bathroom is very small but cute and functional. The fireplace is a nice touch. Room and street noise is moderate..best to bring earplugs. The breakfast room has terribly stained upholstery which is quite the turn-off. We will find another place to stay on our next visit.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Traveler5548
<Content>Great location in San Francisco I have very mixed feeling about Petite Auberge (stayed 6 nights). There is much to love and a few things that just should not be at this kind of property. First the positives: great staff - very helpful front desk, service at the wine reception and breakfast was great and our housekeeper was absolutely delightful. The afternoon wine and nibblies were great and breakfast was the best we had during our 3 weeks in Northern California. The neutrals: we had one of the smaller rooms (cosy queen) and it was adaquate but nothing special (rather basic). For such a great location, the value was good by having the smaller room. Now the negatives: the biggest is the internet service. Petite Auberge is the only property that charged for internet service ($7.99/night) on our 3 weeks in Northern California. This was not disclosed (that I saw) on the Web site. At a property of this stature, I feel that this is a bit cheesy. The second issue is that many rooms face the back alley. Because nights in SF, even in the summer are quite cool, having the windows open is a delight. [BTW - I did not see A/C availability in the room but it might have been - open windows were great]. In the back alley, every morning around 5 a.m. is the garbage pickup. For about 10 min. there is quite a racket that you will not sleep through. So if you have a back alley room and do not have the windows closed and the heat on, I would inquire about the A/C and if available use it.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>CtheworldSanDiego
<Content>Unbelievable! We have stayed at this hotel before and, while we enjoyed the location and accomodations, after our last attempt to visit there this past June, we will never stay there again.It was supposed to be a romantic weekend getaway; we made the reservation and looked forward to returning to this charming, tiny hotel to celebrate our anniversary. When we arrived, they had no rooms available even though we had a confirmed reservation in writing. It took almost an hour for the staff to figure out what to do. We were sent to a sister property around the corner and were bitterly disappointed by the lack of courtesy and efficiency of the Petite Auberge staff. The rooms at Petite Auberge all have fireplaces, are beautifully decorated and are light and bright with a nice view from most windows. The alternative room that we were forced to stay in was dark, dingy, had no fireplace and had what I would call an ornamental window which was a piece of glass that faced a brick wall. (!) The room was not an acceptable alternative to the original at all! I do not normally post my experiences to sites like these, but in light of the very poor experience we had at a hotel that I had enjoyed staying at on previous visits, I felt compelled to share this experience.One thing to note: the property was previously owned by another group when we stayed there a couple years ago and has since changed ownership. Perhaps this is the reason for the horrific situation we experienced a couple weeks ago.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	2	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>BrendaPaish
<Content>A Lovely and Warm Place To be My husband and I stayed here for our holiday in San Francisco. The hotel was so pretty inside. Our room was close to the front desk, but there was not any noise all the time we were there. The bed was big, nice and comfortable; they even put a RUSS teddy bear on the bed (Not for guest, it is only for decoration). Although the room was quite small, we did not find it a problem at all. The bathroom was nicely decorated, in French-countryside style. We had a shower room - and the water that comes out of it was so, so powerful, it almost skinned us! It was a GREAT shower with very high pressured water. The thing we need after a long walk around the city.On the basement was the breakfast and wine room. (Wine room meaning; the hotel serves cheese and wine in the afternoon). The breakfast was always quiche, plus a lot of fruit and maybe some sausages. I would rather have an English breakfast, but the breakfasts we had there were good.Coffee and tea 'flow' all day, all we have to do is to go to the basement. They also put some apples and cookies for guests.There is a small library at the basement, where there were few sofas and coffee tables. Also there was a fire place, so it made the room cozy.The staff at the front desk were very pleasant all throughout our stay. They give good directions and recommendation to places. The car park fee is USD32 a day, and when we were checking into the hotel, there was a car park right in front of the steps of the hotel,and we unloaded our stuff. Apparently, a car is allowed to park at that spot for several minutes, just enough time to take the things out of the car and checking in. Once we were finished with the front desk and got our room, the staff took our car to their car park, some 30 minutes away around the city.It is recommended that you ask the staff 1 hour before you actually need to depart or go somewhere. Having said that, we did not encounter any difficulties in getting our car. (At times, when we just got back from touring out of San Francisco city, our car was parked for more than an hour at that spot and the staff did not seem to worry to much about getting the car parked at their allocated car park area.)I like the hotel, because it is close to anywhere we wanted to go by foot. It is close to Chinatown, Fishermen's wraft, financial district and shopping centres.We plan to go to SF angain soon, and we will stay at Petite Auberge. It is such a lovely place to stay.Well recommended for everyone.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DEGCPA
<Content>Great B The Petite Auberge was wonderful. It is centrally located in the city. The staff were very personable and curteous. They took the time to answer all of our questions and make suggestions as to were to visit, how to get there, etc. The room was very nice with a gas fireplace. Full breakfast buffet every morning, wine and assorted snacks and food at night, and cookies always in the lobby - all included with the very reasonable price of the room. I would recommend this BB to anyone. We had a great time in San Francisco with much of the credit going to Petite Auberge.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fig_mar
<Content>Great room with even better service My wife and I and our friends stayed in the hotel for two nights. Therooms were clean and in excellent condition. The breakfast was very good and the wine in the afternoon was a big plus after walking around San Francisco. The staff was very helpful suggesting places to visit and dine. Kevin and Steven on the desk were great and Luis for handling our laundry. Don't miss this wonderful little hotel.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ckt1940
<Content>Fantastic B Words can't detail, the quality and the friendliness found in this BB. Rooms were quaint and lovely. Specially prepared breakfast, was even more amazing. Everything was GREAT.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Eurocat36
<Content>Great escape Le Petite Auberge is a wonderful place to get away,celebrate or enjoy the sights of San Francisco.The afternoon wine hour is lovely and provides an opportunity to chat with other guests.The staff is helpful and and welcoming.Highly recommended are the rooms with fireplaces.The inn is welcoming yet you still can have your privacy.Highly recommended.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mlmcconn
<Content>If you don't like soulless chain hotels than this is the place to stay. It is a small, romantic BB in the middle of a large city. The staff is extremely courteous. Steve at the front desk is a font of information about the city and directed us to several great restaurants and site-seeing locations. He is friendly, polite and as asset to the hotel. The cleaning staff (who's names we, unfortunately, did not get) were there immediately whe we requested a room fan. It was an exceptionally hot weekend in SF. That, plus the water, the incredible breakfast and hominess of it made for a great stay. We had never stayed there before, but the people made us feel like we were valued regulars. Sure some of the rooms are small, but how much time will you spend in a room in such a fantastic city? Plus, the afternoon cookies were always delicious. I highly recommend this hotel for adults.  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>beckyras
<Content>Good return stay We returned 20 years later for a second honeymoon. I am a little bit older and wiser now and still love this hotel. The location is great. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The breakfast tasty. We remembered the elevator noise and booked a bigger room. It was on the street side, a little noisy, but it's the city! Could use some updating. If you want a big box sterile hotel, this is not your place. If you want smaller, more personal and unique , then stay here.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>vacationhappy
<Content>Great vibe, bad, bad room Petite Auberge is a lovely hotel with a great location. Sadly, when we booked we got a queen room without a fireplace. I said that sounded fine and when we showed up we got room 22. It is right next to the stairs and elevator which go ALL NIGHT. It was very hard to sleep and not a very restful room at all. When we checked out in the morning I let the gentleman at the front desk know it was hard to sleep because of all the noise and he said, Oh, yeah. We know. I suggested that in the future they inform people of the room situation and he just grunted. Not the reaction we was going for. While we would love to stay again, this behavior and attitude towards feedback is not acceptable and that is why we gave them a bad review. Book at your own risk!!  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>2	3	1	4	3	3	1	3	

<Author>Sam39
<Content>Comfortable room in a cental location We would recommend this BED AND BREAKFAST style hotel, it was like staying in a house rather than a hotel so don鈥檛 stay if you want a bog standard hotel. Our tip would be to ask for a room away from the elevator.We stayed for 2 nights in April 2007, and booked direct with the hotel. We found it to be very comfortable, no frills in the SMALL room but everything you could need, except from maybe a bathtub (we stayed in a standard queen maybe other rooms had them). The bedroom was small but comfortable with a TV (in the cupboard however the top draw pulled out and the TV rotated so that you could watch TV in bed), heating, bathrobe and toiletries. The hotel was quiet, our room was not directly over the main street (Bush Street) which could have been a bit noisier but did not seem too busy a road for a big city like San Francisco. The view from the side of the hotel was over a run down building however this did not bother us as the room was quiet and you could open the windows. We arrived about an hour prior to check-in however the room was ready so we were able to check-in.Breakfast was nice with cereals, toast, pastries, hot sausage and bread and butter pudding. There were cookies available all day in reception, and also nibbles and drinks in the early evening. These were served in the basement where there was a sitting area with sofas and a gas effect open fire, a nice area to relax after a busy day. The soft drinks in the fridge and hot drinks were available all day free or charge so this was a bonus. There were a few steps leading up to the hotel from street level, which could maybe be a bit awkward with heavy cases for the less able, but there was a very helpful guy available to help if needed. He also took the bags up to the room (there was an elevator to all floors). We had to leave our valuables in a safety deposit box at the sister hotel (The White Swan) next door, we aren鈥檛 sure whether this was because the Petit Auberge didn鈥檛 have them or that they were all taken.The location of the hotel on Bush Street was very convenient, the cable car stop was only a couple of blocks away, and there were several nice restaurants in the area, especially our favourite Cheesecake Factory in Macy鈥檚 at Union Square!It seemed pretty safe walking back to the hotel at night. We hired a car from O鈥橣arrell Street which was a convenient place about a 7 minute walk downhill from the hotel.We would highly recommend this hotel as location was great, with no minus points other than the view from the bedroom.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mililani
<Content>Petite BUT Large My husband and I have stayed at The Petite four different times, and each time just gets better. Recently, we spent our 36th Anniversary at The Petite and we were greated by Michael who showed us to our room - large Deluxe Queen w/Fireplace room at the back of the hotel. He and Steve had prepared the room for our Anniversary - a beautiful huge flower arrangement, bear w/balloons, Champagne, San Francisco Getaway Cards, and then he made reservations for our dinner.This hotel is older, but is has such character. The best rooms are the rooms with a fireplace to keep you warm on cool evenings. The room is supplied with wonderful towels, Aveda bath accessories, coffee maker (with coffee/condiments already waiting to be made), bathrobes, newspapers, magazines, books of all kinds and a writing desk for sharing your trip with family and friends.The staff is what makes this hotel. Michael, Steve, Andy, Patrica and others we have yet to really get to know. Andy is always helping out, giving out water/soda when you leave for touring, suggesting restaurants and sites to visit as well as handling luggage. Patrica makes the best breakfast in town. Everything is homemade and served very professionally. She makes sure the food is warm, replaced when getting low and is constantly cleaning up the Sun Room. Michael and Steve have a handle on the front desk - hotel reservations, restaurant reservations, theatre reservations, hailing cabbies, making tour reservations and never tire of being bothered by The Bongas! Anything you want, just ask, they will do everything in their power to accommodate you.We sadly left at 6:00 a.m. on our 5th day at The Petite - not getting to say goodbye to all our friendly family there. We highly recommend The Petite to everyone who loves to be pampered and we, ourselves, shall return soon.Diane and Leroy  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>bushymusic
<Content>terrible               
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>Jude6428
<Content>Nice property in great location Stayed here 15 years ago when it was owned by another group and returned on a brief business trip. Rates were comparable or less to name brand hotels (Hilton, Marriott) in the city. The property boasts a great atmosphere. Not much of a lobby or other amenities onsite (conference room, workout facility) but they do offer a nice seating area and breakfast area. The breakfast is great -- hot oatmeal, cereals, breads, muffins, fruits, breakfast meats and variety of eggs. Bottled water and soft drinks are availabe 24/7 in a downstairs refrigerator. The rooms are well appointed, but not very big. My room, a queen with fireplace had a queen bed, a smallish bathroom with a tub/shower combination and two chairs for seating. This was not a room you would want to spend much time in as it wasn't too large. Would be tight for 2 people. But you're not in San Fran to sit in your room. Overall a real nice property with lots of character. If you want more amenities stay in the name brand hotels.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	2	3	2	

<Author>BarryBarnstable
<Content>Great Location       Petite Auberge  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>TSTraveler
<Content>Lovely but loud Stayed here during a conference at the Fairmont (two blocks away up two very steep blocks). This is a very charming hotel with a lot of nice touches. My room (the cheapest they had) was small but charming and comfy. The staff was all very friendly. Breakfast was wonderful, hot oatmeal, homemade bread, a frittata, waffles, lots of fruit.My only complaint, and it was significant, was that my lower level room was very loud late into the evening and again in the morning. It sounded as if someone was banging on garbage cans in the alley or something. The street noises were very loud too. If you are a light sleeper, I recommend springing for a room on a higher level. Overall though, it's a great location and a very charming property.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Nevadasr
<Content>Loved the Petite Auberge, San Francisco We just returned from spending 3 days at the Petite Auberge in San Francisco. It was our 26th Anniversary on Valentine's Day and decided on Petite. We were treated graciously and very attentive by all the staff at the hotel. We loved having a fireplace in our room which made for a romantic getaway. The gourmet breakfasts were very good with a variety of foods each day. A special treat was the wine and canapes time each day starting at 5 pm. It gave us a chance to meet other guests and chat a while. Our room was well appointed including bathrobes and a coffee maker. The hotel staff were especially knowledgeable in knowing good restaurants, making reservations, calling cabs, giving directions for getting around, etc. The hotel is well located and close to many attractions. We highly recommend it to anyone wishing a stay in San Francisco.The Morenos, Pahrump, NV  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jvb1128
<Content>Fabulous Find We just came back from a four night stay at Petite Auberge. What a terrific place and great location! Just a couple of blocks away from Union Square and a little bit of a hike (up and down the hills) to The Wharf. People at the hotel could not have been more accommodating. Room was great with a fireplace (quiet, clean and fine for us). Not a large room but it had every convenience we would want. The breakfast was delicious and the staff was busy putting things out and cleaning tables. Cookies were good, and the evening hors d'oeuvres were fun. The owners also own the White Swan Inn two doors down which had hot spots with wifi access. Great place--would highly recommend!  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tomtrex
<Content>A Great Place with great staff in a terrific location My wife  I are innkeepers so we're kinda picky about places we stay. We spent 2 nights at Petite Auberge  were extremely glad that we did. Steve  the other staff were very friendly  helpful. The room ( #52 ) was clean  comfortable even though the size was small. Breakfast was very good  the afternoon wine/cheese gettogether was just right. The property is located in a happening and safe part of the city near great restaurants , cab pick ups, cable cars, etc. We will highly recommend PA to our friends, guests  to whoever reads this. We will definately book a room here again when we return to San Francisco.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Buttongirl
<Content>Perfect location We stayed at Petite Auberge for 3 nights to attend a wedding in Chinatown and Union Square. The location was perfect as we could walk to all the wedding events as well as many daytrip adventures. The staff was super helpful with planning our excursions, facilitating our requests and sharing all their local info for restaurants and attractions. The room was certainly what we expected for an older small city hotel-- charming, cozy and quirky, yet very clean and reasonably quiet. The windows opened (love the fresh air!) to a lovely courtyard garden with lots of sunlight which also lets in city noises, but coming from NY that wasn't an issue for us. Breakfast is indeed wonderful, homemade cookies and free access to cold bottled waters and drinks throughout the day and evening was such a nice extra.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>winelover15
<Content>Noisy rooms! While the location of this hotel and overal atmosphere are great, I have never experienced such paper thin walls in my life. I felt the people in the room above me were going to fall through. I heard every step and coversation. Granted, I am a light sleeper, but this hotel could use some updating. Staff were friendly and knowledgable. But I would not stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>MelbTripper
<Content>Great location and service Stayed 3 nights on way home to Australia. In very spacious fireplace room on my own, despite booking cheapest internet rate on site. Very helpful front desk staff, enjoyed the evening eats and wine tasting. San Francisco greeter also terrific. Great location. Walked my legs off but close to cable cars/bus as well. Very floral for a guy on his own but would happily go back with wife.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>shanook
<Content>Charming character BB in big town San Fran We hit the Petite Auberge right in the middle of the July heat wave. The room was very small, and hot but that was the only downfall. We absolutely loved the free bottled water (especially during the heat wave) and great breakfast. Also a nice surprise was Aveda products in the bathroom! When we mentioned our room was hot, the staff sent up a fan for us which helped alot. The front desk staff was wonderful, providing directions and answering all our questions (which I am sure they must get many times every day). They were always very friendly and made us feel at home.I was very impressed with the BB feeling that you don't normally get in a big city. The location was great as well, we walked to all the public transportation very easily. As long as you don't mind a small room (which is very common in San Fran) then I would highly recommend the Petite Auberge.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>mjrjj
<Content>Disappointed My wife  I often stayed at this quaint little hotel in the city before the change in ownership. Since coming under the corprate umbrella of a hospitality company, it has lost the charm and personal service that made it so refreshing. Our last stay was marked by a reduction in quality: food service and offerings for breakfast; room not clean, old carpet, dust, etc.; lack of friendly staff.I only write now because the Petite Auberge recently sent a postcard seeking our consideration of a promotion at the property. The answer is no. We do not intend to return. Anyone who recalls the former Petite Auberge will likely have the same answer. Sadly, it's the large hotel on Union Square for us now.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>Fishers, IN
<Content>The Best Kept Secret in San Francisco! The Petite Auberge is tucked away, close to Union Square, Chinatown, and the trolley lines. It reminded us of our stay in Paris -- tiny room, but fantastic ambiance and service. Breakfast is served each morning in a delightfully decorated breakfast room. And I am talking about a full gourmet breakfast. Each evening (at 6 pm I recall) wine and hors d'oeuvres are served in the same area. We booked our room through gayot and got a great rate of $85/night -- in San Francisco!!!There is another small boutique hotel property 2 doors down owned by the same folks, the White Swan, and it is lovely too!Loved it and would love to return!!!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sandra Levine
<Content>Looking forward to returning We were in one of the rooms with a fireplace, adequate in size for two people, complete with comfortable mattress, reading lamps you could read by, and a clean and attractive bathroom.Petite Auberge is decorated to a fare-thee-well, but on the side of tastefulness. It truly recreates the feeling of an inn in France, except that here there is a sumptuous breakfast and not just a croissant, or piece of baguette, although these are offered, too. The staff is knowledgeable and helpful. The location is convenient to nearby attractions and to public transportation. While the hotel may not offer some of the services of a large, commercial venture, it does offer something more important to me -- a distinct personality. Staying here added to the pleasures of our four days in San Francisco. It was tempting to just sit by the fire and read the hotel-provided newspaper for an hour.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sallymarch
<Content>Small but beautifully formed....reet petite What a fabulous place! We stayed here for one night (regretably not longer) en route from San Francisco to Napa, having landed from England in the afternoon and not wanting to drive after such a long flight. After a one hour rest, we joined our fellow guests for some convivial conversation over the afternoon wine reception. Great fun! The breakfast was delightful and the staff could not do enough for us, even offering us bottled water for our onward journey. This is a fabulous place but don't expect the facilities of a large hotel. Our room was cosy but not large and the bathroom adequate. Personally, this was not a problem, but for some people it might be.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MML2006
<Content>Not the best, not the worst My husband and I stayed at the Petite Auberge over Memorial Day weekend and it was so-so. There were some nice things about it and some not-so-nice things.Pros:Everyone was very friendly and went out of their way to be helpful. We arrived before 3:00 so we had to wait about half an hour for our room to be ready. While we waited, the front desk staff gave us recommendations for good restaurants to have lunch. They sent us to a wonderful Mexican restaurant. The housekeeping staff and breakfast/appetizer hosts were extremely friendly every time we passed them. We went down to pick up a couple of bottles of water on our way back one night and the breakfast host was down there cleaning up and he offered us some cake to take back to our room and some wine. He chatted with us for at least 20 minutes.The hotel definitely was charming. We liked the way it was decorated. It really felt like a quaint French inn. The location was perfect. We were close enough to Union Square and the cablecars without being in the middle of the crowds.We loved the cookies and complimentary beverages that were always available. It was nice to grab a soda or bottle of water and a couple of cookies on our way back in after a day of walking the numerous hills. The wine and cheese in the evenings was a nice touch.Cons:The room was very tiny. We booked a cozy queen and cozy is an understatement. We were constantly bumping into each other. There really isn't enough room for 2 people and luggage. The bathroom only had a very small shower stall. I kept banging my elbows on the sides. The included breakfast was nice but we were only able to take advantage of it one out of three mornings we were there. It started at 8:00 on weekends and holidays. We had some early tours booked and had to leave by 8:00 so we couldn't have breakfast at the hotel. Breakfast was one of the selling points of the hotel but we ended up having to go out and buy breakfast twice. That was a big disappointment as well as a waste of money.The noise in the mornings was unbearable. We were awakened at 5:30 a.m. two mornings (including Memorial Day) by garbagemen. It sounded like they were out there for about half an hour. After that we couldn't go back to sleep. Many times we walked by the front desk and there was nobody there. We had to walk next door to the White Swan if we needed help. That was a little inconvenient. It also made me feel a little uncomfortable to think that there was nobody there in case of emergency. Overall, the Petite Auberge was all right. My husband liked it for the most part but I probably would choose another hotel for our next trip.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>B_Pope
<Content>Charming Anniversary Retreat I surprised my wife with a trip to SF for our anniversary, and the Petite Auberge delighted her and scored me some hubby points. The hotel was charming, all the staff (from front desk to housekeeping) were friendly, helpful, and aiming to please. Men, don't let the feminine decor scare you away; I found it welcoming, homey, and quite masculine-friendly (think European rather than feminine). There were many nice touches, including the wine and appetizer reception, very good full breakfast, and many more. I don't get the complaints about alley noise--I think I heard some dim, distant cluttering by delivery people, but not nearly as noisy as other hotels I've been in. The cozy queen room was not as small as I expected based on other reviews. My wife says she can't imagine staying anywhere else in San Francisco. Forget the big hotels and stay at the Petite!  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place!! Can鈥檛 wait to go back!!! This place was awesome! It was close to everything. We love to walk the cities we stay in and San Francisco was perfect for walking. We especially enjoyed the wine hour in the evening. It was a great time to chat with other people and get ideas for places to go and places to eat. We met some wonderful people from all over the world. The food was wonderful. Very nice homemade breakfast every morning - delicious and filling. The beds were very comfortable!! I would highly recommend Petite Auberge.  We took a tour of 3 Sonoma wineries and it was just ok. We also rented a car for the day and went to Sonoma on our own to visit wineries and we had a blast. I would recommend this instead of taking a tour. It was cheaper to do it ourselves and more fun. There is a great Italian restaurant around the corner in the same block called Lottavo Ristorante.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>snoplant
<Content>Twee Hotel, nice location but noisy room. An average hotel that I'm not sure I would return to.Pros: The staff we found were all very courteous and helpful.Good location close to union square and the cable car line to take you to tourist locations.Complimentary breakfast, newspaper and afternoon wine.Cons: Cozy room translates as pretty small really.Bathrooms need a bit of a redecoration.The walls and ceiling are thin, we were woken every morning by people in the room above walking around/showering at 4 in the morning, my wife even used ear plugs!Often the front desk was unmanned and required you visit the adjacent Swann Inn for help (part of the same hotel group)Other amenities such as internet are only available at the Swann Inn.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Mr-Deezel
<Content>a lovely hotel - with some reservations We've just returned from a 5-night stay at the petite auberge and would definitely reccomend it, with a few reservations.On the plus side, the hotel is in a great location, just a short (though steep -well it is in SF!) walk from union square and even closer to a cable car stop. The staff were without exception friendly and helpful and had some great restaurant suggestions. The breakfast and freshly baked cakes and cookies were wonderful and the complimentary water and soda should be taken up by all hotels.The room was clean, comfortable and had everything we needed, as did the bathroom (nice Aveda toleteries too). Both were very small though - no a big problem as we didn't spend much time in the room, but still worth noting. Our sole real problem with the hotel was that at around 5.30 am each morning the refuse collecors seemed to make it their mission to make as much noise as possible. Perhaps the Petite Auberge should invest in some decent sound proofing?  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Hates_Flying
<Content>Noisy I stayed at the Petite Auberge because it was on the Conde Nast Gold List. I am still wondering how it made it on the list. Our room was not big enough for two people. You bumped your elbows on the sides of the shower because it was so small. But the worst thing was the noise. We were there for two nights. Each morning at 6:00 a.m. it sounded like the garbage man was dragging the garbage down the alley. To make matters worse, a clock alarm went off in the room next to us at 6:30 a.m. Because the walls were very thin, we could hear it as if it was in our room. There was no one in the room to turn off the alarm, so we called the front desk. It took them 30 minutes to turn it off the first morning. The second morning the same alarm went off again. (It was never fixed from the first morning). We had to call the front desk again to come and turn it off.It may be cute with a good location and breakfast, but I go to a hotel to sleep and that's not what happened. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Not for everyone, but cozy and comfortable, and a good value A small, friendly hotel with a country French motif. I stayed there for three nights and would generally recommend it.Staff were courteous and breakfast was very good. My room -- a cozy queen -- was definitely on the small side, with a stall shower (no tub) in the bathroom, but it was perfectly clean, comfortable, and functional. The location is within easy walking distance of most of downtown, and near public transport. There are lots of little extras free of charge -- breakfast, newspaper, wine and cheese in the afternoon, and tea, coffee, soda, and water available all day. They also don't impose a fee on calling-card telephone calls made from the room, which is nice.Given the age of the building, it is probably not the best choice for people who want every modern convenience, or who would be frustrated with an old-fashioned elevator or room keys that don't always work the first time. It also probably not for you if you plan to use your car a great deal (valet parking only), or if you require a lot of personal assistance from a front desk or concierge staff.These caveats aside, Petite Auberge is a comfortable, well-situated, friendly place to stay, with a nice breakfast and other goodies thrown in for free. It is a good value in a fairly expensive city.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>2COOKS56
<Content>Exceeded Expectations We thoroughly enjoyed our 5 day stay in the Petite Suite at the Petite Auberge. The mild November weather added to our pleasure as we were able to savour California wine and cheese on our prettily flowered deck. We made good use of the whirlpool tub too, after our long days of walking up and down the hills of San Francisco. Breakfasts were really good, and it was fun to chat with other guests over wine and cheese in the evenings.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just OK My wife and I showed up at the hotel to find our Petite Suite was given away to someone with a similar sounding name. Although we were given the first night free (because we stayed in a smaller room than we reserved), our Petite Suite was only an OK experience. In retrospect, we would not stay there again, and not recommend it to friends. I have stayed in many boutique hotels in San Francisco, so I am a fan of this type of hotel, but there were too many problems:1. both the beds of the first room and the Petite Suite had a bad smell. We could not tell if it was the pillows, comforters or the mattress,2. the bathroom has a mildew smell,3. although there was complimentary beverages and coffee, the milk is left out all day and is spoiled at night,4. make sure you have light luggage - when we checked out, we had to lug our bags up the stairs to the breakfast floor, take the antique elevator 1 flight up and then down to street level,5. there is no wireless/wired internet service, I had to go to the White Swan Inn,6. MANY times, there was no one at the front desk of the hotel.I still will go with boutique hotels while in SF, just not this one.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Too Cutesy My husband and I picked the Petite based on online recommendations. We stayed there for our honeymoon. The staff were kind and accomodating. They made an attmept to decorate our room; however, the mylar balloons were deflated and the ice melted in our champagne. The room was just not our style. The building is old and decorated like a little girls room. We even had a teddy bear on our bed. In fact, my husband said it best when he commented that it was like staying in a doll house. The hotel is conveniently located to many things; it was clean; and the staff was personable. It was just not our style.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jenned17
<Content>Would Recommend the Petite Auberge Any Day My husband and I celebrated our honeymoon at the Petite Auberge for a week in late September. We loved nearly everything about the Petite! Steve at the front desk was such a resource for weather reports, restaurant suggestions and more. The food provided for breakfasts and wine and snacks each afternoon was all delicious and plentiful. The charm and novelty of a French BB in the middle of downtown San Francisco was such a find! The location of the Petite to everything was ideal, the room cozy, but clean and inviting, and the staff eager to please. The only complaint we had was that our room (#46) backed up to a loud club on the street behind Bush Street and the noise was irritating a couple of the nights during our stay. We met such wonderful people during the wine receptions in the evenings and were able to share stories about attractions we visited, etc. each day. We would love to return to the Petite Auberge one day and I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a unique, charming stay in a fun, bustling city.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cute and Convenient My wife and I spent one night at Petite Auberge on our way through San Francisco. It is true that the rooms are small, and I would recommend getting a room with a fireplace - a little larger and very cozy. Everything was in working order during our stay and I did find the staff very helpful in setting up dinner reservations and providing general info on the area. The hotel is just a few blocks away from but very convenient to Union Square.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>excited-first-timers
<Content>great hotel for romantic get-away My girlfriend and I were in town for a wedding in Hayward CA. We had to stay close to the wedding site for a couple of days but had a chance after the wedding to go into San Francisco for a little mini-getaway. This was a first time using a recommendation from tripadvisor and we were absolutely thrilled. The hotel was just like most of the reviews have mentioned. It is a small boutique-style hotel with a great location truly just a very short walk to Union Square, Chinatown, and Cable Cars. It has a VERY European feel to it with very small rooms and bathrooms but what it doesn't have in space, it makes up for in spades with atmosphere.It is more like a bedbreakfast than a hotel with books and magazines in the room, free umbrella rentals, and a very helpful staff. We didn't have time to try the free wine-tasting happy hour but we had the free breakfast for two mornings (one at the beginning of the breakfast hours and one at the very end) and was delicious and fresh each time. It was a very romantic hotel and we were so satisfied with the recommendation that we will use tripadvisor to plan all of our up-coming trips.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not returning to Petite Auberge I chose this hotel because of the great reviews on tripadvisor.com. It is also on the list of top US hotels. When my partner and I got there, we were a little dismayed by the size of the room, and more so by the little bathroom which looked old and worn. The television is hidden in the cupboard, and you would have to swivel it 90 degrees to watch from your bed. Unfortunately, the swivel board is not designed to turn 90 degrees (perhaps only -45 to 45 degrees), so we ended up watching television at an angle.Service at the hotel is also lacking. The bed sheet was dirty, and we requested for it to be changed. Instead of changing the sheets, a stack of sheets was left on our bed for us to change ourselves. Another case of questionable cleanliness is the sighting of a rat running across the breakfast room in the evening. So needless to say, we did not have any of the gourmet breakfast the next morning.I definitely would not recommend this hotel to anyone, and I certainly will not return to this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>1tallcool1
<Content>Still love Petite Auberge This is my second stay at Petite Auberge. It is still charming and lovely...and the location is just the greatest. Steve at the front desk was especially pleasant and knowledgeable. Love the European look and feel so well suited to San Francisco. My cozy room was vintage in the very best sense of the word. Everything worked perfectly and was very clean and comfortable. Outstanding coffee available all day - and yummy cinnamon granola among the (comp) breakfast items. Hope my next visit doesn't take another 20 years!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Isilriel
<Content>Enchanting experience at the Petite! My fianc茅 and I stayed in this warm and wonderful little gem of a hotel for a week at the beginning of August and I cant rave about it enough! The staff is friendly, knowledgeable and accommodating, and treated us like family. Everyone, from the concierges to the bellboy to the members of the housekeeping staff, was just so nice! The fresh cookies in the lobby were a real treat as well as the unlimited coffee, tea, cold water bottles and soft drinks. The queen room with a fireplace was just the right size, big enough so two people wouldn't feel crowded but small enough to feel cozy and intimate at the same time. The bed was on the firm side but very comfortable, the pillows plentiful (we asked for extra ones with our reservation) and the fireplace just the thing to come home to after a long day's worth of sightseeing (August in San Francisco can be cold!). Bathroom was very clean and very nice with a tub, great water pressure, fluffy towels, two bathrobes, hair dryer, Aveda toiletries and hand made soaps. Breakfast was excellent, with good strong coffee, a choice of teas, cereals, oatmeal, baked goods (muffins, scones, biscuits, croissants, breads, etc.), boiled eggs, sausages, fresh fruits, frittata (not quiche, this didn鈥檛 have a crust), milk, butter, cream cheese, honey, jams and juices served buffet style. This isn鈥檛 your usual hotel breakfast, and it left me so stuffed that I hardly ever got hungry again during the day.I wouldn鈥檛 recommend this hotel for parents with young children (rooms are smallish, no child-friendly amenities) or business travelers (no work space), but for couples it's an excellent (and very romantic!) value for the price. I can't wait to go back again!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A charming place My husband and I stayed at Petite Auberge for three nights during our recent (first) visit to SFO. We found it to be a charming little place with a gracious and helpful staff. Everyone was so nice, from the people working the front desk to the kind gentleman who helped us with our bags to the ladies who took care of housekeeping and setting up the breakfast every morning. The room was small, but very clean and comfortable - all we needed was a place to sleep at night and shower and dress in the morning and it was more than adequate. The complimentary breakfast was fabulous! We thoroughly enjoyed the fresh fruits, baked goods, quiche and other yummy delights each morning. We only made it to the nightly wine reception once, but had some good wine, tasty snacks and great conversation with other guests. The location was very convenient - we were able to walk pretty much everywhere or easily catch public transportation if we were going beyond walking distance. We definitely would stay there again and recommend it without hesitation.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our SF All-Time Favorite We stayed at this first-rate hotel for our honeymoon two years ago, and we keep going back to it every time we stay in the city. The intimate, quiet atmosphere in the heart of the SF is wonderful. Petite Auberge is not petite in its service and hospitality; the staff is attentive, helpful, and knowledgeable about the many things to do while staying in the city. The full breakfast is delicious, the coffee will please most coffee snobs and beverages and limited snacks are available just about any time you want. Unfortunately, we haven't been at the hotel for evening hors derves, (sorry about the spelling), and wine because we've been too busy doing the tourist things in SF. However, we have briefly sailed through the parlor during this evening ritual, and the other hotel guests seemed to be enjoying themselves. Another feature we like is the quaint french countryside decor throughout the hotel. With all of the hotel's amenities, the price is a good value by SF standards.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>EdMcC
<Content>petit and perfect! For the price this hotel is hard to beat. My partner and I stayed there for 5 nights at the end of July and enjoyed every moment in the hotel. The breakfasts are superb and give the opportunity to build friendships, if you want to, with other guests. Similarly, the late afternoon wine receptions were very pleasant and on one occasion only started to break up about 8pm. I have stayed in the Nikko and Crown Plaza before in SF and whilst they have their own merits, the small, intimate, well presented and located Petit Auberge is one I would happily come back to.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxing Stay at the Petite - Book in Advance! We stayed at the Petite Auberge for a week in June. Definitely call ahead and book one of the larger rooms with a fireplace - the smaller rooms are MUCH too small for a couple with luggage and the bathroom only had a stand up shower! We stayed in a larger room with a fireplace and it was absolutely perfect and beautiful. We totally loved it. We loved all the staff (they were unbelievably nice to us) and the food was great too. It is in a great location and it feels like you are coming home at night, rather than to a big, corporate hotel. It's close to everything, including all types of transportation, and we really enjoyed our stay. Just know what you are getting into when you book a room and make sure you are booking the size that you want. It鈥檚 a great place!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spoiled at the Petite! My wife and I returned from a second honeymoon a few weeks ago and waited until now to write a review to see if our wonderful memories of our stay at the Petite Auberge would begin to fade at all. Well, they haven't at all and actually as we share our fabulous experience with family and friends, it makes us want to go back for another escape earlier than we normally would! The best thing about our stay was feeling like we were the only ones at the beautifully decorated and outfitted French boutique hotel in the heart of Nob Hill in San Francisco. They knew our names when we came in the door to check in! How does that happen? Within 24 hours all of the staff knew who we were and they were very helpful in discovering what we would likely want to explore while we were in the Bay Area for a week. I had sent a few packages ahead along with some flowers (a local florist recommended by their staff) to be placed in our room on the day of our arrival. The room looked like I had been there before and arranged everything for my wife. The staff was just so attentive to who we are that it was like family helping us out. I should mention that our room was in perfect order and clean as soon as we left each day. We even left one morning for a quick snack and returned to a completely cleaned room - it was almost as if they were hiding in the halls waiting for us to leave so they could start cleaning. Many other things about our stay were wonderful as well. The fireplace in our wonderfully decorated room was a real treat. The bathrobes were one of my wife's favorites (so much so that we have two of them hanging in our closet right now!). The full breakfast each morning (comes with the room), was not only delicious but also served in a great little french cafe atmosphere where you could check with other guests to see what they were going to do that day or had done the day before. This was also the primary conversation at the wine tasting (free with the room as well) each evening around a fire in the lounge. Just a few guests would gather at the end of the afternoon and exchange sightseeing and exploring stories over wine (many choices) and snacks. All of this was informal so you wouldn't have to include yourself in the conversation if you chose not to. Sometimes just a good breakfast or glass of wine was all we wanted - and that was all we got. All in all, the value of our room was outstanding. We got so much more than we paid for. There is no doubt in our minds that we will stay at the Petite Auberge each and every time we come to San Francisco! If you are looking for a romantic get-away, you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SafeTravelsGirl
<Content>Adorable! We LOVED Petite Auberge. We had a bottom floor room with a fireplace, which I believe is one of the larger rooms they offer. We peeked into an upstairs room, and saw that it really was teensy! Our room was right next to the kitchen, which was stocked 24/7 with soft drinks and bottled water at no charge. Breakfast was always good - great coffee! Free newspaper and weather report every morning at your door. Front desk staff GREAT - they recommended the best restaurants that we would have never found otherwise. Kitchen staff was also very friendly. Our favorite thing about this place was the nightly wine and snack service. This was a great way to meet people - we made friends with so many! The Adeva products were a great touch, too. The hotel is within walking distance of many things, and the cable car line is not far at all.Book way ahead of time and ask for a room with a fireplace, and this place will become your favorite location in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful This is a wonderful little hotel near Nob Hill in San Francisco. It is a perfect location for exploring. It is extremely nice and has a lot of personal touches that push it way above average! We couldn't believe we found such a nice, quiet, clean and convenient hotel for this price! We would definitely stay here again and would absolutely recommend it to others. The breakfast is much better than the continental breakfast offered at most hotels. They also offer round-the-clock complimentary fresh-baked cookies, coffee, teas, soft drinks and bottled water. Every night at 5 p.m., they offer snacks, wine and cheese in the cozy downstairs area of the hotel (complete with a gas fire). Excellent hotel for the price!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Small, Friendly Hotel From the moment I walked in I felt welcomed, beginning with the delightful person at the front desk. The rooms are decorated nicely, with lots of at home touches, such as books that aren't nailed to the shelves -- they can actually be picked up and read! The breakfasts are included and quite nice, and there is wine and cheese in the afternoon. There is a little conversation area downstairs, and a private little patio adjacent to the breakfast room. A very pleasant experience.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay in SF We just returned from a road trip in California and our first stop was the Petite Auberge in San Francisco. We were not disappointed. The hotel was lovely with just a slightly used feeling (in a good way). The room was very cozy, the staff incredibly friendly and helpful. It was also a perfect location for transit and for just walking around. I was able to access the internet at their sister hotel a couple of doors down and we particularly enjoyed the wine and snacks in the late afternoon. I would definitely go again.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>woodys94
<Content>We loved it! The Petite Auberge far exceeded our expectations! My husband and I came after a trip driving up the coast and when we pulled in, I went in to find out what we would do with our many various bags. I spoke to an amazingly nice woman at the desk, Kahulia and was impressed enough so that in my jaded New Yorker manner, I walked back out and told my husband she's too nice, it's a little scary! Well, she continued that way, giving us maps, a route of things to see before we returned our rental car that afternoon and plenty of suggestions. We were able to upgrade our room, luckily b/c I think the poster 2 down may have been correct in their assumption of the room sizes. She said you may not fit in your originally booked room with all those bags! We had a great room with a fake fireplace, very clean, lots of cozy pillows and really enjoyed the room. The free water/soda at our disposal was so convient, I've never seen this at a hotel, makes starting your day (or coming back after a long one) so much easier, and you save lots of $ on water! We loved the wine and cheese hour, just a nice little touch and helped us refresh before heading out for a night. The breakfast was acceptable, everything good, but the reviews I read led me to have Very high expectations (someone said it was the best they've ever had?), it was a normal complimentary hotel breakfast. No turn down service as noted, but we did not care.Overall, the staff really gave the place a nice touch. We had one woman at the front desk who was sour and unhelpful, (in stark contrast to Kuhulia) but still better than you get at a major chain. 2 different bell-hop men were very helpful, one gave us extra wine after we missed the end time in the evening and another gave us a great rec for a restaurant for Dim Sum. Location was impressively convient...a short walk to Union Square where we got the cable car to go other places, we thought the neighborhood was a great location for tourists!We got the price of an on-line service which is part of why we were so satisfied.... I think the regular price if you call them directly is probably much more. We highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay there again! (ps- we chose it after reading other Trip Advisor reviews, thanks!)  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Diz01
<Content>Very disappointing Stayed there in June having last visited 5-6 years ago. In the meantime it has changed ownership and has gone downhill. Our room didn't appear to have been redecorated in years and the bathroom in particular was badly in need of attention. Whereas before I remember comfortable beds and lots of pillows this time I had a very uncomfortable night on a lumpy mattress with 2 nasty synthetic, thin pillows. No sign of the advertised turndown service.Breakfast ok.A shame really as the staff were helpful and it's in a great location for Union Square but I won't be going back.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Petite Auberge was really petite My husband and I just came from California and we stayed at the Petite Auberge French Country Inn for two nights. We booked the cozy queen room which I believe is one of the smaller of their rooms. The price was $150.00 per night plus tax. The hotel is quaint, neat and clean and within a short walking distance to cable car transportation to the Fisherman's Wharf, Pier 39 and Chinatown. And it's within walking distance to Union Square. The problem we had with this hotel is that the room was so small that there was no place to lay your luggage other than on the bed. There is not much moving around space in the room either. The bathroom is tiny too but was very clean. The hotel offered free continental breakfast in the morning and wine and cheese at 5:00 each day. If I would have known I would have booked a larger room and I believe those come with fireplaces. But, even with that, I believe the price would have been even higher than what we paid for the cozy queen and I think for what you get, it's too much. All in all, though, it's in a good location and if you like cozy and tight and French country inns, the Petite Auberge is the place for you.  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Warmth and charm We loved the Petite Auberge! We stayed there for 3 nights during our Honeymoon and were treated to a stay in the Petite Suite. We enjoyed walking down to our private entrance, relaxing on our garden deck, and savoring the fireplace inside the suite. The staff was very helpful and kind, especially with their assistance in helping us successfully find a bag we had mistakenly left in the taxi. The Petite Auberge is so conveniently located that it was easy to walk or take a cable car to all destinations. Do check out this Inn and you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>May 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Service Beyond Compare! I brought my wife to San Francisco for her first time for our anniversary from April 21-25, 2005 and selected the Petite Auberge based on the pictures and reviews I found online. Our experience with the Petite Auberge was EXCELLENT. We were very pleased with the friendly, helpful, and thoughtful staff, from the front desk to the maids, to the food servers at the free breakfasts. The room was beautiful, the extras provided by the staff for our anniversary trip (wine, Happy Anniversary balloons) without being reminded were very thoughtful and appreciated. The location of the Petite Auberge was much better than I had expected. Two blocks from the Powell Street Cable Cars, and two blocks over and three blocks down from Union Square (my only suggestion is that the Petite Auberge advertise this great location better on its website since I think it would be a plus). At breakfast, all the other guests we talked to were also very pleased with the Petite Auberge, I heard no complaints or criticisms of this great place to stay in San Francisco. If we come back to San Francisco, we will DEFINITELY stay at the Petite Auberge. Thanks.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A fabulous find We stayed at the Petite Auberge for three nights prior to embarking on a cruise vacation and were simply overwhelmed by the treatment which we received at the inn located in the heart of San Francisco. It is hard to imagine that you could experience the warmth and charm of a bed and breakfast establishment in the middle of this vibrant city but that is exactly what we encountered during our stay. The staff was exceedingly friendly and helpful and the room cozy and comfortable. We particularly enjoyed meeting the other guests from all corners of the globe over breakfast in the morning and at the wine hour in the late afternoon. The Petite Auberge is within easy walking distance of a number of attractions and minutes from the Powell Street cable car. This is definitely a place that we will be returning to on our next trip to San Francisco.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>imagegirl
<Content>A perffect spot My boyfriend and I came back from our trip to San Francisco and still talk about how we wish we were back at the Petite Auberge.We stayed for 5 nights at a Cozy Queen room. The room indeed was cozy but we were very comfortable there and didn鈥檛 find it too small for our needs. We found it tastefully decorated, and loved the friendliness and the helpfulness as well as all the amenities at the property. A nice touch was that we could alternate the breakfasts and wine service at the White Swan two doors away giving a change in atmosphere, which I was first concerned of being bored having my breakfast at the same place 5 days in a row. The staff has everything thought out, from restaurant and things to do lists, to water/soda refrigerator that saves the headache of looking for a CVS. Another nice touch was that the manager came by to talk to us and see if everything was ok, one of the nights we were at the wine/hor d'erves hour. This place really makes you feels special and is centrally located.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Raves for Petite Auberge! In March of 2004, I had booked a much anticipated stay at The Archbishop's Mansion through the internet. My fiance and I had just gotten engaged when we flew to San Francisco in May, so when we found out it was overbooked, we were sorely disappointed! They apologized, and promised us a good room at Le Petite Auberge instead. We had no idea what to expect.What a lovely surprise! The moment we entered the doors of Petite we were showered with care. The concierge put us up in the lovely cottage in the back, replete with champagne and a bowl of fruit. The private porch, brimming with garden flowers was an absolute delight, the fireplace warmed our hearts, and oh, the breakfast, oh, the jacuzzi... It was an incredible stay: ten times better than we ever could have imagined!Since then, I've wanted to gush about how wonderful everyone was to us, but was busy with our wedding plans and the subsequent move. Yesterday I happened to come across the Petite Auberge postcard, so I simply had to write. The folks there are a blessing and their place is a treasure.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Simmrouter
<Content>Wonderful Stay! My wife and I spent four (4) nights recently in the Petite Suite. It was a lovely room with a gas fireplace and a seperate entrance. The room was very quiet, and quite large. The morning breakfast and afternoon wine reception were both wonderful, and the staff at the hotel was extremely helpful with restaurant recommendations, tours, and transportation questions. The hotel location is great - only several blocks from Union Square and the cable cars. We will definitely stay again at the Petite Auberge rather than larger San Francisco hotels that we had stayed in during previous visits toSan Francisco.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tartan69
<Content>Nice Hotel for a City Break On the whole we found hotels in San Francisco to be expensive. Found this little one upon recommendations on Tripadvisor and I'm glad we stayed there.- Excellent location in the heart of the city- Small rooms but nicely furnished and very clean. However, make sure you request a room away from the elevator shaft or it can be a little noisy- Nice breakfast  free cookies throughout the day- Friendly staff who give good advice on what to see in the city  
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A hotel with heart in the heart of San Francisco We visited in November 2004. My wife and I were very impressed with the total experience. The breakfasts were fantastic and the afternoon treats were great! The overall atmosphere was cozy and great, right down to the outdoor patio nook. When I read reviews about staying there, lots of people talked about the small rooms. We were offered a larger room if we wanted, but were very happy with the small room. The bed was very comfortable, and the room had everything we needed as well as nice extra touches right down to rosemary mint shampoo and Nivea moisturizing creme. We've never stayed in a place that seemed structured for interaction between guests and found this nice. We got informal hints from other guests who had visited some of the tourist sites just a day earlier. You can't get more current, visitor-friendly tips than that!The location is great as well. We didn't rent a car and didn't take a cab. We simply got a 7 day MUNI pass and caught the nearby (1 and a half blocks) cable car (at Powell and Bush) or nearby buses to our hearts content. Unlimited rides, no hassles with parking anywhere. Even the BART station which took us to and from the SF Airport was easily accessible. I also appreciated the free wireless access available to us at the White Swan Inn. As sister inns, the front door key for one got us in the other so it was easy to check email anytime we wanted. I write a weekly column for the Winnipeg Sun and have contact with many folks through speaking engagements. I don't make recommendations lightly, but anywhere I mention our trip to San Francisco, I'll be mentioning this place. Some hotels are little more than a pit stop for the rest of your trip. This became an integral, enjoyable and cozy part of our memory of San Francisco.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mndeb33
<Content>Great location, great service! We stayed her November 16-21, while here for a medical conference, and were so happy we chose a more intimate, quiet hotel! A few blocks from Union Square, the location was great for cable cars/public transportation, shopping exploring the city. The breakfast was wonderful, room very comfortable, we appreciated the attention to detail of the decorating - feels like you are in a small European hotel! Every staff person was friendly and welcoming - yet since it's a hotel it is a bit more private than a bed and breakfast; no pressure to socialize if you prefer not to! We can't wait to come back ....  
<Date>Nov 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jessue
<Content>Quite Charming First of all, let me state that if you prefer big, swanky hotel chains, then don't stay here. The Petite Auberge is a small, charming hotel which will appeal to people who like to stay at Bed and Breakfast type places. I found it to be well kept and clean. We had a room with a fireplace, and yes, the rooms are small (and cozy). The breakfast, although basically a continental one, was attractively presented with many choices of yummy baked goods. The coffee was great and it is served all day long (free). Guests can also take advantage of the free sodas and bottled water available. Wine, cheese and crackers are served by a crackling fire in the evening. The staff were very accommodating, and the manager, Pam, was especially helpful to us when our pre-paid stay was cut short due to a medical emergency, arranging to credit us for our remaining days at a future time. Parking is $30 a day and it takes some time to retrieve the car as it is parked at a lot away from where the hotel is. Plan accordingly. Overall, I think it is a fine, small hotel in a good downtown location in San Francisco. We will be returning to the Petite Auberge in the future.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>avevers
<Content>Cheap and cheerful Stayed for 3 nights in September. As the name suggests, our room was small. Very small! Clean enough though. Quite loud outside including early morning (because it is a very central location). Breakfast included in price was good 鈥?cereal and other continental fare. Chargeable internet service at hotel next door (listen out for the belching member of staff!). Beware - thin walls though 鈥?we could hear guests using the bathroom next door!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Delightful! This was our second occasion to stay at Petite Auberge. My daughter and I came last year and had a wonderful room with a fireplace, bookcase filled with books, and a spacious room. This year I returned with my 78 year old mother and 82 year old father, my sister and my son to show them the wonderful sights of San Francisco. I didn't have to think twice where we would stay! We enjoyed six wonderful days at Petite Auberge. This time we stayed in a regular room which was much smaller, and remembering our room from last year, I felt it was a bit tight for two people. The decor of antique and shabby chic give a warm and cozy feeling. Breakfast each morning had a slendid variety of fruits, breads, muffins, scones, quiches, juices, coffee and teas. We were only able to attend the afternoon wine reception twice, however, this is a wonderful touch. Whoever bakes for Petite Auberge should be given an A+++. The housekeeping staff was always friendly and did a great job in tidying up the rooms. Everyone on staff was very helpful with our sightseeing questions and concerns and went out of their way to get information for us. The hotel is well located within walking distance of Chinatown and Union Square. There are several wonderful restaurants also in the area, and the cable cars are also nearby. The popular cookie jar in the lobby was filled each day with something different. We looked forward to ending our day each night after dinner by getting a cup of tea or coffee and sitting downstairs in front of the fire before retiring to bed. Enough good things can't be said about this charming little hotel. Looking forward to coming back and staying a third time!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful break in a beautiful city Thanks Petite Auberge for a wonderful base during our visit to San Francisco. The hotel was charming and gave us the feeling that we were somewhere different and special. We particulary enjoyed that informal evening gatherings in the downstairs lounge where people gathered to sip wine, enjoy nibbles and to chat. This gave us the chance to meet lots of other travelers, something that can be hard in other hotels.The close proximety to Union Square , the cable cars and lots of other attractions also helped us to see lots of San Francisco, a lovely city to visit.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Yviebee
<Content>Pleasantly exceeded all of our expectations! A++++ We just can鈥檛 say enough great things about this charming little bed and breakfast! Our experience at the Petite Auberge was no less than outstanding! We stayed 3 nights for our wedding October 1st and were pleasantly surprised. There is always an element of risk when choosing lodging over the internet from out of state. When they opened the double French doors to the 鈥淧etite Suite鈥?I was overwhelmed at how absolutely darling this place was! It had its own balcony with a table and chairs and pretty potted flowers. Inside there was a cozy fireplace and sitting area with books and magazines, and a huge four-poster bed with a fluffy down comforter and pillows (a real treat in a hotel). Another pleasant treat was the bathroom that had a huge tub, outfitted with handmade oatmeal-mint soap, an assortment of Aveda bath products, and Nivea body cream. The mix of antique furniture and shabby chic d茅cor really added a market touch of romance to the atmosphere of the room. The day we checked in, there was a bottle of champagne and white 鈥渏ust married鈥?balloons in our room, not to mention the delicious box of Belgian chocolates that were all gifts from the hotel. The Petite Suite also comes with a stereo, CD player, and VCR in which you can choose from a list of movies and CD鈥檚 to borrow for free. There was also a mini-bar stocked with soda and bottled water which was also complimentary. It鈥檚 refreshing to see a place that doesn鈥檛 nickel and dime you for every little thing. Overall the quality of the room and the hotel in general was a sweet and unexpected surprise.Now let鈥檚 talk breakfast! YUM with a capital 鈥淵鈥? Breakfast is served in a wonderfully furnished European-style breakfast room which brought back memories of our traveling abroad. The food was excellent. No continental breakfast here! There was a different variety of homemade quiche each day; the potato curry was my favorite. There was also a nice variety of fruit, homemade muffins, pastries, chocolate croissants, hot and cold cereals, juice and milk in addition to hot maple link sausage and fresh country French bread with high quality preserves and marmalades! Phew! In the afternoon, the hotel offers a wine reception where guests can meet by the fireplace in the cozy den and have complimentary red and white wine, assorted cheeses and the most fabulous homemade bundt cake! Not to mention that there were freshly baked cookies available all day in the lobby, fortunately for our waistlines we were too busy to take advantage most of the time!The staff was impeccably efficient, genuinely thoughtful and friendly and helpful, not only at the Petite Auberge, but at the sister hotel next door called the White Swan (which seems lovely as well). My highest commendations to the young concierge named Andy. He was so personable and knowledgeable about the city, and he was also 鈥渢he master of ALL public transit鈥? Not only did he give us lots of great suggestions for fun things to do around town, but he knew every single bus, BART, and trolley line that could get us there! He was a real gem and a true asset to the hotel. Our wedding went flawlessly and the hotel staff was very helpful when we needed assistance. The location was fantastic! We felt the area was safe for walking around at night. It was only a brief, two block walk to Union Square and about 3-4 blocks from China town. Equally convenient was the fact that one of the main cable car lines was only a block away from the hotel. There are plenty of good restaurants within walking distance and many excellent ones just a short cable car ride away. Location of this BB was premium, couldn鈥檛 ask for better. Overall I give the Petite Auberge 10 stars! We plan to return every year in October for our anniversary and I can鈥檛 wait! If you are looking for a quaint, boutique hotel whose staff goes above and beyond, this is the place, look no further. I hope you all will enjoy it as much as we did!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a gem!! We were pleasantly surprised at the accomondations and how helpful and attentive the staff was to our every need. The breakfast was very good - so were the cookies!!! Our room was lovely - clean and very comfortable. We had a room fronting on Bush Street which made it a bit noisy but it did not take away from our enjoyment of this nice boutique hotel. We will definitely stay here next time!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ruined our trip to San Francisco My wife and I just returned from San Francisco (Sept 6th). It is our favourite place to visit. We usually stay at the Hyatt Fishermans Wharf, but this time, after reading the reviews of the Petite Aurberge, I decided to take a chance on it. What a disappointment. The Queen bed turned out to be a very unstable double bed. It was poorly furnished with a chair that had a broken leg. There was no air conditioning. The breakfast consisted of quiche everyday with the same fruits and muffins. At one point I needed to connect to the internet to check our flight. When I asked the front desk if there was a phone charge for local calls, they thought there was but did not know. I ask 3 different staff members and they all gave me the same answer. When we checked out, I was billed for 3 nights valet parking for a car we had only 1 night. WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT!!! Don't waste your money on this dump. Next time, it's to the Hyatt were at least I can sleep in a Queen size bed and be comfortable!!!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ghilliedhu1
<Content>OK for the money but a bit more shabby than chic Just got back from our trip to San Francisco this week. The room at the Petite Auberge was EXTREMELY small and while the decor was quaint, the place definitely needed sprucing up a bit. The paint was peeling, our carpet was not the cleanest, the blinds were broken, there were some unidentified stains on the blankets etc. etc. We also got there during a September heatwave and had to beg the front desk for a fan as there was no air conditioning. We had to open the windows to get any air at all, but then had to deal with the noise of the street. The inn is in a very central location (close to Chinatown, Union Square etc.), however it is just a few steps from a male strip club. The breakfast is good (although the only hot item they serve EVERY day is quiche, with little or no variety). Perks like free sodas and bottled water, and the free wine reception were a nice touch. We met a couple who had paid twice what we paid for their room (we booked approximately 6 months in advance) - so all in all, we think we got a decent deal for what we got. Just don't expect TOO much...  
<Date>Sep 11, 2004
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect in evey way I just returned from a wonderful three night stay at the Petite Auberge. As reported by many others on this web site, the breakfast was amazing, the room clean, charmingly decorated and comfortable, and the staff attentive. I particularly enjoyed the afternoon wine reception, as I was able to meet many interesting people from other parts of the world and the US. The street the hotel is located on is not very nice, but even as a woman traveling alone, I did not feel unsafe coming back to the hotel in the evening. I saw few street people, and was never approached by panhandlers. I plan on staying at the Petite Auberge again and would highly recommend it to others.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cyndec
<Content>Quaint locale close to everything! We stayed three nights here and had absolutely no problem getting to everywhere we wanted to go! Being just 2 blocks from Chinatown, the cable cars, Nob Hill, AND Union Station made it an ideal location. The breakfast buffet was filling and delicious and the hostess was especially helpful. The room was small, but nicely appointed and quaint to make it cozy and comfortable instead of stifling. We got a great rate to boot! I'd recommend this hotel to anyone thinking about a vacation to San Francisco!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Romantic Getaway An unexpected romantic get away would describe our stay at the Petite Auberge. Tucked away along the San Francisco-Knob Hill city street, this small hotel was a delightful, intimate, and charming place to spend our first night in San Francisco. It was like stepping into another era when we walked through the front entrance and were taken to our room. The crackling fire, the quaint decor and the wonderful breakfast the next morning are some of the best memories I have of our entire trip to California!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A very pleasant surprise We booked on the internet and were a little afraid that we did not spend enough for the room. We were pleasantly surprised. The photos of the Inn are exactly as shown on the internet. It is in the best possable location for visiting San Francisco. Just minutes from downtown, Chinatown and the cable car to Fisherman's Wharf. The room was small (cosy), spotlessly clean and had everything we needed. The staff was very helpfull and found us an ice bucket for the wine we bought next store.The breakfast was great and we really enjoyed the afternoon wine tasting where we met other guests. Let's not forget the teddy bear mascots and the ever present cookie jar. Great city, great Inn, we will be back for sure.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming Auberge! Great place, super friendly stuff, wonderful hospitality and great complimentary breakfast in the morning!   
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Delightful We were pampered during our recent 4 night stay--staff very friendly, knowledgeable and helpful--the beds are wonderful and the fireplaces so relaxing--an excellent experience we plan to repeat in the fall....  
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Petite Auberge - AWESOME!! The location of the hotel, the lovely room, the teriffic atmosphere of the downstairs lobby made the stay wonderful. The wine and hors de horves were fantastic and provided a great setting to meet other guests. The breakfasts served were delicious and much more than we expected! The room, while small, was beautifully decorated, complete with a teddy bear tucked in the bedcovers! We certainly intend to stay again on our next trip to San Francisco!  
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A little slice of Paris   showReview(1850994, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A find earning a return visit   showReview(1771663, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>laffamy
<Content>My favorite hotel in San Francisco   showReview(1712542, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A sweet getaway   showReview(1648929, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Experience   showReview(1647347, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Little bit of heaven   showReview(1647121, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Home away from home...   showReview(1627227, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>La Petite Auberge is a treat!   showReview(1550735, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KadyD
<Content>C'est bonne!   showReview(1396624, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cbmm
<Content>Enjoyed our stay   showReview(1269658, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>iaiabella
<Content>Non sono state tutte rose...   showReview(21602964, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Einfach spitze   showReview(19639920, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>D茅co 脿 revoir   showReview(15565600, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

