<Author>seanachie
<Content>problems with this hotel I would not be so critical of this hotel were it not for the price. It was about $100 more expensive per night than any of the surrounding properties, most of which looked equal to and some superior to the Rincon of the Seas when we toured them. On the positive side, the staff is friendly and helpful. The main desk people were nice and the housekeeping crew were outstanding. The room, and, in fact, the whole hotel were spotless.  The pool was clean and nice, but only deep enough for a kiddie pool. The beach was great with plenty of chairs. Housekeeping provided a lot of fresh beach towels. The 5th floor oceanview room had a spectacular view of the sunset, and a good large balcony, however I had to fix a drainpire with a coke can so it wouldn't flood the balcony. The room was small with not enough surface space to put all the stuff that one spreads out for an 8 day stay. Only one side of the bed had a night table. The furniture was servicable but tired and certainly never high end. The linens were okay at best. The bathroom was all right, but again tired and the tile and fixtures were not what one would expect at a hotel as expensive as this. Both ice machines and one of the two elevators were broken and never fixed during our stay. You had to trek to the pool bar at the other end of the property to get ice. The bartenders at the pool bar were incredibly busy doing things other than serving the customers. I once tried to order a drink when there were only 4 people at the bar. The other three already had a drink. There were 4 servers behind the bar who were extraordinary at avoiding eye contact and not hearing your order. When one finally came up to take my order, she apologized and shrugged as to suggest that she was so busy. I looked behind me to see if 30 more people had snuck in, but no, the same four thirsty souls. Perhaps the worst was the fact that there was a wedding at the hotel and the wedding party had the rooms on both sides of us. They commenced to play loud music and talk and laugh loudly at 10 pm, cranked up the decibel level at midnight, and started screaming at 1 am, which they continued until two or three am for three consecutive nights. There was no response from the front desk when I asked that security be sent to at least talk to them. They said they would, but the noise continued unabated. In fact, I can't say that I ever saw a security guard at any time while I was there. Many guests had similar experiences as ours. One couple, who were on the 3rd floor, thought the screaming was a terrorist attack, and they were figuring out how to protect their children when the desk told them it was only a wedding group. There were rumors that the hotel was about to change hands, so maybe the management is just hanging on until something happens. All in all, I would have to say to keep away from this place especially at the prices they charge. Rincon is a great place, but the Rincon of the Seas is not the way to enjoy it.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>sacha555
<Content>Horrible I stayed the weekend of October 31 thru November 4th. The first night I arrived late (around 10pm) to check in and when I got to my room, I could not get to sleep because they had out loud music playing (reggaeton) until 12 am. The same repeated next night. There were lots of dust on the room, the air conditioning filter was very dirty, you cannot walk barefooted because your feet would get dusty. The internet (wireless) was unstable at the room, (I could just stay connected for 5 minutes and then the connection fell and I had to keep on trying to connect). The bathroom door had the lock missing and the balcony door handle broke (when I opened the door the handle was left on my hand). There are no pool towels at the pool area, so they leave one towel per person. One of the days, they came to clean the room and the pool towels needed to be changed and they told me that they did not had any towels until after 1pm (it was just 10 am). The bathrooms at the pool area were out of service. The pool was very dirty (I did pass long times at the pool area with my daughters and I never saw any personal cleaning). The pool was full of plants, sand and dead bees. The pool pumps were not working fully, I could check this myself (just few jetstreams were working). I did not let my daughter stay at the pool long, as I was afraid of the bacteria (I never saw anyone dropping clorox or netting the pool) The food is very expensive. The bar was closed during election day (no service at the pool whatsoever) I had to go out to get food and drinks. Horrible, I would never come back!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	5	1	5	3	1	

<Author>pedrodo
<Content>Quite and Peaceful - My wife and I we choose this to be the place for our honeymoon and I have to say I feel satisfied with the service and prompt response to any requested service. We stayed for a total of 4 nights. Although the weather did not cooperate at all this, didn't ruin our special stay at this hotel. We had a little problem with the AC the first day and it was IMMEDIATELY fixed for a brand new equipment. The Staff is VERY nice and servicing. The pool is awesome. Do not expect much from the beach. The view and sunsets are to die for. You definitely get what you pay for. Watch out with food prices within the hotel!!! we found them exuberant. Although the food we tried was one of good taste, portions and looks. We stayed at the fifth floor, our room had a good size balcony with a breathtaking sea view. If you really want an ocean front view MAKE SURE you get on this floor because anything bellow is packed with palm trees blocking the view. It has a gym but we never check it out. Same with the game room. Satellite TV worked fine until a storm came( which I considered totally OK). Even though I didn't take my laptop with me, I didn't see anything relating to wireless internet or so around the hotel.I have to mention that the best food you will find at the Italian restaurant just outside the hotel. I believe its called  el bambino. try anything! their food quality, presentation and prices are excelent!I recommend this hotel if you are looking for a quite, please, modest stay with your partner or family.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	5	2	

<Author>revreggae
<Content>mama bear- just right Stayed at 3 properties all next to each other. One was rather spartan and too quiet- only one other couple there. The other was packed with 20-somethings. Subdued spring-break energy made me claustrophobic, although obviously that's what a lot of people are looking for. R of the S was just right. Enough going on to not be bored but quiet enough to relax. Steps from the beach, pool and swim up bar very nice, very nice garden area underutilized by guests. If you want to do little, at the hotel or in the area, a great place to stay. If you are used to all-inclusive bevy of activities or multiple options of excursions in the area, you will grow antsy after a few days. Walking down the beach you will find many homes, condos, etc. falling apart or unrepaired seemingly from a previous storm or hurricane. R of the S itself, however, kept up their grounds very well.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	-1	

<Author>swansrus2
<Content>Beautiful Hotel       View from Hotel Balcony  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>MiBo
<Content>Ask twice if you want something done I stayed here on business for a week. As a vacation property, it's a nice place. As a business hotel, it has issues. If you find issues, be prepared to ask twice to get them fixed.On my first night, my air conditioner didn't cool the room enough. In the morning, I asked to have it fixed. That day, it wasn't fixed (they went home early today). That evening I tried three other rooms until I found one with a fully functional A/C.There are no coffee pots in the rooms (so you'll buy coffee in the restaurant). I said I want a coffee pot, since I leave for business in the morning before the restaurant opens. It didn't arrive after the first day, so I insisted and it arrived for the third day.They send out laundry (a real feature), but only if you insist (why wasn't laundry picked up today? I don't know, we'll send it out tomorrow). Evidently, laid-back vacation spots are not high-performing business hotels.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>V_Hernandez
<Content>As a hotel - 9 out of 10. As a hotel on the beach - 7 out of 10.       Beautiful sunsets, but small beach area  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>luissanJuan
<Content>Relaxing Stay We were a family of four (two teenagers included). we stayed there from Wednesday thru Friday. In overall the hotel was good,nice lobby, rooms, grounds ...is exactly like you see in the photos.The pool was nice and clean but shallow ( only four feet deep). The beach was very good, with a long stretch of sand to walk and enjoy the ocean view, lounge chairs to move around as you please and take a suntan or get under a palm and relax. The only thing is to bring water shoes as you may encounter rocks in the water. The only negative thing I would say about my stay is for the food. The breakfast and lunch was included in our package but the menu for this deal is limited. The breakfast was buffet style (limited) and since it started at 7:00 a.m. by the time it was 9:00a.m. the food was cold and the drinks warm. As for the staff the front desk and housekeeping were exuberant (as they called it), also the noon staff at the pool bar. The rest of the staff were simply courteous.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>SOLESURVIVOR
<Content>Day Care Center       OCEAN VIEW ROOM  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>tomnativenewyorker
<Content>45 days of pleasure Stayed here for a 45 day work trip. Nice grounds, comfy open air lobby. Was with a group of 35 co-workers, and the hotel had everything together and the check in was a smooth process which usually never happens when we travel. Rooms were sufficient in size, but a little plain. The room was always kept clean, and my maid Maribel knew I worked nights so she worked around my schedule to make sure not to disturb my sleep.Wireless internet is spotty, and your best bet is to bring a CAT V cable to hardwire your laptop. They didnt have any cables available at the front desk but lucky I had a 4 footer with me. Rincon is not the center of the tech world so you may have trouble finding one if you forget yours.Nice pool and outside bar. Beach nice and clean, but if you snorkel or scuba, you need to try elsewhere, not much bottom structure attracting all the fish.Overall a very nice place, and would visit it again.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>panicbutton
<Content>Nice and homey, but not Grand hotel We stayed for two nights during the Presidents' Week holiday, so we expected it to be very crowded, which it pleasantly was not. The lobby was lovely and gave the feeling of a larger, more luxurious hotel. Glad to have a small game room in the lobby with a great air hockey table for my teenager. The pool is lovely and large, and usually no problem finding a chair. The beach was okay with only a few chairs. The beachfront area in front of this u-shaped hotel was small, but you had a lot of beach to walk on on either side. There were other small hotels to the left and a water sports rental place not far that had jetskis, banana boat rides, kayaks, etc. (but no sailboats). The beach was ordinary, with some waves and water more dark green, like the Atlantic. Rooms were ordinary, clean, of the Holiday Inn type of decor and size with a small balcony. The hotel has a sweet courtyard with a kids swings area and a garden with lots of hammocks and a couple of picnic tables for shady napping or reading - a nice touch. Good service at the front desk and by housekeeping. The gift shop was never open; nor was the wine bar in the lobby. Room service got most of our orders wrong. The room comes with free buffet breakfast, which was fine for free - the usual stuff, eggs, breakfast meats, greasy potatoes, some fruit, yogurt...but very good coffee. Not sure if I'd stay in the same place when I come back to Rincon. I'd probably want to stay in a funkier, smaller place near the surfing beaches or one of the paradors to get more local culture.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	2	2	

<Author>The_Leske_Gang
<Content>The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly The good.The hotel is well maintained, clean, with pleasant grounds, a nice large (albeit shallow)pool, nice poolside bar, and an excellent location on one of the best beaches in Rincon. It really is very nice. Oh, and the sunsets are to die for.The Bad.Get your reservation confirmation in writing as they are not above changing the deal prior to arrival. It took quite a bit of effort (even after booking in June for New Years) to get a written confirmation.The Beach Cabana rooms are not cabanas at all but simply ground floor rooms of the hotel. When we discovered this, we asked to be moved and were promptly found a room on the third floor.The views from the balconies are pretty much non-existent except for maybe 10 or 15 rooms at the very ocean end due to palm trees which have grown so tall and lush as to blot out any view. If you like palm fronds, you'll love it.The air conditioning units blow hot air right on to the balcony so there is no sitting on the balcony while the AC is running. By morning, the balcony is very warm, too warm to enjoy.Noisy. It seemed there was a wedding every night, and loud music was constantly blaring. At one point, there were two receptions going on at the same time and the resultant cacaphony at 10:30 pm was enough to rouse me to complain, twice. A real drag.The Ugly.The food service was abysmal. The breakfast buffet was fine, lunch extremely iffy, once you got it which was often 40 or more minutes. The dinners provided with the meal plan were really bad. Whatever you do, don't get a meal plan. There are a lot of really great places to eat in Rincon, enjoy them.The Bottom Line.If you are looking for a resort style hotel with a big pool and swim up bar, this is the only game in town. And the kids will love it! All the kids I saw were having a blast.Would I go back? Maybe, but only because I am armed with the knowledge I have now and wouldn't be so disappointed.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>jesslee1906
<Content>Laid Back Paradise       The Lobby  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>mrsm2007
<Content>Great for the price! We recently stayed at the Rincon of the Seas for four nights. The hotel is very clean and the staff is amazingly accomodating and friendly, but the hotel is certainly not a 4 or 5 star hotel. We are frequent travelers and my husband I agreed that the staff was probably the friendliest and most helpful staff of any hotel. The rooms are quite tired and dated, but since the hotel was so reasonably priced, and breakfast was included, we were not unhappy with our stay. The beach is lovely, as is the pool area, but the strap chairs are quite worn and need to be replaced. It was pretty quiet when we were there, which we were very happy about, but were told that it is the off season and it is much busier from November on. If you are looking for a low key, rather inexpensive resort, then you would probably be happy with this hotel. If you are looking for luxury, this is not for you. It is a great place to relax!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tunia2
<Content>Very nice hotel My husband and I recently stayed at Rincon of the Seas for a long weekend. We had a very pleasant stay there. The staff were exceptionally friendly and the grounds were well kept. We arrived on a Thursday night and the place was very quiet. It got a lot more crowded on the weekend however. There were a lot of teenagers there on Saturday and Sunday. It seemed like some type of school trip or something. There was also a wedding or two. It was a bit noisier than we would have liked but even with all that going on, nobody was obnoxious or rude. The teenagers were well behaved.It rained every afternoon that we were there which we heard was typical on the west coast (at least during June). So we learned to get our beach time in during the morning . We took a drive down the west coast one afternoon. It was great. There are a number of quaint little villages like Boqueron and La Parguerra that we drove through. The lighthouse in Cabo Rojo was worth seeing even though you can't get that close to it and you drive on a really bumpy dirt road for about 3 miles to get to it. Bring your bathing suit and go for a swim while you are there. We drove to Guanica and then headed back up to Rincon. It took us about 4 hours with several stops along the way.I highly recommend Smilin' Joes at the Lazy Parrot Inn for dinner. We ate there twice. Also Taino International Cafe is good for breakfast and is a short walk from Rincon of the Seas.Even though we enjoyed our visit to the west coast I think next time we go to Puerto Rico we'll stay in San Juan since we really only spent a few hours there on the first and last day of our short 4 day trip.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mynsanchez
<Content>Loved it       View from room  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>poppa13
<Content>Enoyable! very nice hotel needs some minor repairs but overall everything is beautiful.front desk chock full of information for anything you want to know.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>IslandLissy
<Content>Nice getaway       Beautiful Rincon beach  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NYTownie
<Content>Great Experience From An Average Hotel Our party of 10 had a great time at this average hotel during Presidents week in Feb of 2007. While the accommodations are not luxurious by any means -- well-worn furniture, limited restaurant choices/menu, and spotty front-desk service -- we loved the super friendly staff, expansive (but shallow) pool, and beach front location. This was our first trip to Rincon but it won't be our last.All-in-all, Rincon by the Seas seemed to be above average for the area and was perfect for our group. The teenagers used the free wireless internet in the lobby and free wired internet in the rooms (bring your own Cat 5 jumper), our little guys had fun in the pool, playground and chasing the geckos, and everyone enjoyed the beach and breathtaking sunsets. We had a beach cabana, which was a regular room that opened onto the pool level. We paid a little extra, but really enjoyed being able to come and go into the pool level directly from our room (the patio door has a card reader lock)We found Rincon to be a wonderful area where visitors can see some of the old, traditional Puerto Rican lifestyle with some of the touristy items like good restaurants and bars, parasailing, and world-class beaches. Please note, however, that the emphasis in Rincon is surfing the big waves, not floating in calm waters. Swimming beaches few and far between and the water was more murky green than turquoise.Lastly, while another review lamented the guests as New York, middle class, overweight, and families with kids we found these NY City firemen to be wonderful people who we were proud to share time with.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>mevangelista
<Content>Very Nice Hotel Since over the last few years I have relied heavily on Tripadvisor's reviews when selecting a hotel or resort, I feel obligated to return the favor and post a review after a stay. I researched many Rincon area hotels and inns and decided on the Rincon of the Seas for several reasons: amenities, price, size and location. I travelled with my wife and two daughters ages 13 and 22. We stayed 7 nights. This is absolutely one of the nicest hotels in Rincon, depending on what you are lookiing for and what yor budget is. Our room was $168 including all taxes. Parking is free. There is no resort fee. We wanted beachfront, a pool and a nice room and good location to restaurants and town. We like to travel outside of wherever we stay to sample the local restaurants, bars shops, etc., so the onsite restaurant needs only be average for us. The positives of this hotel outweigh the few negatives we encountered. The hotel looks exactly as it does on the web site. Grounds are well manicured and lush. Just about all rooms have a view of some degree. We were in a standard room, thid floor. Not very big, but manageable, since we spent little time actually in the room. The beds are full size, not queen. Bathroom was large enough. We had a balcony with table and chairs, but the AC was noisy when sitting out there. Great view. Beds were ok. The room had a dorm sized fridge. Housekeeping staff was great. The hotel was quiet at night. The lobby was open air, nicely decorated, plenty of seating and very nice to sit in looking out towards the pool and beach. Lobby has wireless for laptops. Worked great. The pool was very nice, clean, four feet deep. Swim up bar on one side (walk up patio/pool bar on the other. We spent a lot of time in the pool and ate something from the pool bar menu at least once a day, even if it was just an appetizer. The food here was fine. A little expensive, but to be expected. My 13 yr old loved their frozen smoothies. The pool area lead out to a nice beach that had plenty of lounge chairs. We always were able to get 4 chairs together and never had to save chairs. The beach was clean and the water was always calm and warm. If you walked a huundred yards south down the beach there was a beach bar at the Villa Cofresi Hotel. Medalla Beer was $bucks here, $4 bucks at our hotel. Good crowd also. We never had dinner or breakfast at our hotel, so I can't comment on the food quality or selections. The hotel is a 2 minute drive to Rincon town center. You could walk it, but the road is pretty busy leading to town. The hotel is no more than 15 minutes to any of the popular surfing spots that Rincon is famous for, or any other of the restaurants, bars shops, etc. We ate somewhere different every night. I went to Puntas Bakery every morning and picked up breakfast. I highly recommend it. The hotel did serve breakfast if you wanted to stay on site. We had a few negatives: The fridge went on the fritz twice. Once it was replaced, very quickly I might add, but not after about 30 bucks worth of stuff went bad. We had made a trip to the supermarket down the road and picked up soda, juice, beer, yogurt, fruit, water...little stuff. I approached the front desk about it and was told we were not supposed to have food of that nature in the room fridge. I was told the fridge was mostly for water.....HUH??? I asked how we were supposed to know that (even though I am thinking how ridiculous that is) and the manager handed me the little slip of paper you get when you get into your room. The one lying on the table or dresser or bed. Sure enough, on the back side, in teeny print, there was a section on prohibited food items. I lost this battle. I could've really lost my cool, but figured for thirty bucks it wasn't worth it. Plus, I really didn't want to see the Rincon City Jail. The manager offered me absolutely nothing, not even an I'm sorry about that.. I had no contact with her after that interaction, which was the second or third day. The interent connection in the room did not work the entire week. I didn;t complain, but it was a bit inconvenient to have to go from the third floor to the lobby every time we wanted to go online. The TV went out for a day. Not a big deal. The pool bar service was OK. Sometimes a little slow to get a drink, but it depended on who was bartending. Food service to the pool bar was pretty quick. The beach front lounge chairs were a little beat up. They were the plastic strap kind and some needed to be replaced. But he biggest annoyance about the beachfront lounge chairs was that they were all cable locked together. So there would be several rows of about 10 or 12 chairs and you couldn't move them, except about a foot. They all faced the ocean which was great, but in February the sun was a little south so it would have been nice to be able to turn the lounge chairs to face the sun. Again, not a real big deal, but just another little thing. As I said at first, the positives of this hotel out weigh the negatives. The beaches in the area are narrow strips of sand. Pretty and primitive in some spots. Overall, this hotel was a great choice for the rate. The location is good and was definately worth it. I would recommend it.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PaulSEA1
<Content>Seedy mid-grade motel After the hairy 3.5 hour drive in traffic from San Juan airport we arrived at this property. It has a beautiful entrance drive and respectable lobby. After that it goes downhill. It took us 30 mins to check in because they had lost the booking of the people ahead of us and our booking too. There was only one person working the desk and she was also handling all phone calls in and around the property. There were no bellmen around when we arrived but some surfaced after we got settled in the long check in line. I switched rooms after my first night but neither matched my booking. The first was a double and the second a king handicapped room. Both were satisfactory by motel standards but both had various damage such as scuff marks on the walls, pee soaked blanket, broken shower head, low water pressure, worn appliances, toilet seat won't stay up, loud noise from the hallway, shower at crotch level, shower doesn't drain well, super loud window A/C unit with the sound of marbles bouncing around, unmuffled noise from pool area and band, service attitude that the guests are here for the staff, not the other way around.The guests here seem to be overwhelmingly from New York, of middle class, 50+ lbs overweight, families with kids. You _will_ hear screaming kids here.The pool area is fine with a sunken swim up bar. The beach is fine but steep, maybe 10 yards from beach head to water at low tide.There is free internet in the lobby and it can also be accessed from a few rooms close to the lobby. Otherwise you'll see many people camped in the lobby to check their email. I've avoided the restaurants and eaten away from the hotel. The local area is fairly run down and does not have many attractive places to go.At night there is a two person band with tape backup playing at the pool bar until around midnight. They play with a very tired attitude - even poppy songs sound like muzak in their hands.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	1	2	4	

<Author>tfrank4
<Content>The external beauty is a thin veneer for a less-than-exemplary hotel Beautiful lobby, pool, small stretch of beach, and view from the hotel room. Scratch beneath the surface, though, and the place feels a little shabby. Some of the walls are peeling, the little brackets in the elevator for posting promotional flyers have nothing in them (as if they're too lethargic to brag about their hotel), hotel bathroom in need of a paint job, creaky ceiling fan, etc. The food at the poolside restaurant was really mediocre (the more expensive restaurant, Deco, was closed for the off season). We were virtually the only guests at the time and had to put up with some relentlessly loud power-washing of the pool deck until we made enough of a fuss to stop it. This could be a wonderful hotel if it were't so poorly managed. The building and grounds are beautiful and the room was spacious. It just needs better maintenance and management.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>glencora
<Content>Great Family Get-Away We were looking for a moderately priced hotel for Thanksgiving for ourselves and our teenaged son who needed a few days of total RR away from school. I told him he could sleep for 5 days and that 's essentially what he did. I chose the hotel after looking at reviews on this site and speaking to a friend born in PR who returns on vacation annually. She recommended the Rincon area for its beaches without hesitation. My own criteria were: 1. Easy plane flight from the NYC area 2. Easy ground transportation to hotel from airport 3. Comfortable, clean hotel with good beach, good pool and good food and, finally 4. Reasonable prices.We flew Jet Blue from JFK to Aquagilla and a taxi delivered us to the hotel within 30 minutes of landing. No customs, no immigration, excellent roads, large modern taxi. The hotel was about 120 rooms, all facing towards the interior courtyard garden, restaurant and pool. We had a large suite with huge balcony on the 3rd floor facing the ocean on one side and the garden on the other. The price of the suite was the same as two rooms, but allowed us to both socialize comfortably with our son and maintain some degree of privacy. The rooms were clean, modern and tasteful. The bathroom was large, immaculately clean and had a separate room for the toilet facilities. There was a refrigerator and bar area. The gardens were lovely and lush. Our son was able to spend a good deal of time every day asleep in one of several hammocks in the gardens without getting sunburned. The pool was huge but shallow throughout (just over waist deep on my average female frame). There was more of a beach at the hotel than any of the surrounding properties and we were told that erosion had been significant over the past 30 years, virtually eliminating some of the beaches in the area. The sunsets were spectacular. Dining was acceptable but totally undistinguished. There was a simple but colorful local restaurant across the street. A grocery store was located within a 10 minute walk from the hotel and carried a full line of supplies, including liquor. The town beach, a longer walk but do-able, had kyak rentals. We didn't go to the surfing beaches, but Rincon is known for wonderful surfing and several people in the airport had their own boards. In summary, we got what we paid for, we relaxed, we spent a minimal amount of time travelling and we never had to deal with long government lines because we were in the US the whole time! I might avoid it during spring break from what the bartender said, but otherwise I wouldn't hesitate to return for an uncomplicated break from routine.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A little piece of heaven This was a great place. A little expensive for my budget, but well worth it. The pool was immaculate. The rooms are very clean, staff very friendly. I lived in Rincon as a child so I knew my way around. Please do not confuse this place with Rincon Beach Resort located in Anasco, which is way up in the mountains and far away from downtown Rincon. Anyway, Rincon of the Seas is spectacularly beautiful and peaceful. The only complaint I have is that it's very quiet which is great for those of you that want peaceful nights listening to the beautiful songs of the coquis and the ebb of the ocean. Wish I was there now. The lobby is open, so you just can sit there and enjoy the sounds with no obstructions. Did I mention the sunsets? The most beautiful sunsets you'll ever see. As a matter of fact, the nickname of this tiny little town is The Land of Beautiful Sunsets If you are a surfer, you may never leave. For the surfers check out Road 413 known as the Road to Happiness. You won't regret it.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Dansladen
<Content>Great hotel in Rinco We spent 3-days at this hotel and I have to say that it was a great stay. Rooms are large and very clean. Service is excellent and the restaurant food was outstanding. Kids loved the pool and the kid's menu. I just wish they had a deeper pool as it is only 4 feet deep!. Nonetheless, we loved it and would not hesitate to go back.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic The hotei is right on the beach. Next to the hotel beach there is a place where you can do/rent kayaks, jet ski's and Banana Boats!Beach in Rincon in general is very clear but corals abound and turns deep fast--so be careful. Great for water sports however.Quiet beach. Nice pool and nice surroundings, great place to have a few drinks at night. Also, the best sunset you will ever see.Rooms are very clean and confortable. Breakfast is very nice, you can order (they don't tell you though) eggs and omelettes from the kitchen. Otherwise, the buffet has great stuff.Lunch is good with sandwiches and Purto Rican fritters. For dinner... why stay at the hotel?? El Coche is a close drive or drive to Joyuda---great seafood and grilled meats there... If you are looking for nightlife---this is NOT the place, Rincon is a beach town--relaxed place--nothing to do at night and no taxis around.We loved the place.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mayin
<Content>Nice place to relax We spent the weekend at this hotel and I would recommned it to anyone who just want to get away and relax like me and my husband wanted. It is not a luxury hotel. But if you get a good rate is worth it. We had a very nice clean room in the ground floor so we were just a few steps to the pool and restaurant. The pool bar is excellent and the pool is very nice too, even though is just 3 1/2 feet deep. Great for young kids Everything is very well kept especially the gardens. There are beautiful and different palm trees and all kind of flowers.There is no night life and no entertainment at all, except for your room tv. The food is very good but not a great variety. There is only one place to eat breakfast, lunch and dinner and is a little too small when the hotel is full. The waiters were very friendly though.The sunset at the beach was great. The beach not so much as we are used to better beaches here in P.R. Overall, we are looking forward to our next stay here.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>surfbum
<Content>Great A beautiful place to stay! My family and I stayed here several years ago and decided to try a smaller place the following year. We were so disappointed with the other little BB, we came back to this wonderful place.We had a rental car, so we could go exploring, but when we wanted to relax, we had everything we wanted right there. Service was great, housekeeping really well done, and the food was well prepared. The food service folks wanted to make sure everything was done your way. Several of them even recognized us from the previous visit. What a warm, welcoming feeling that gives folks. The rooms were spacious and well appointed. Air conditioned or open the patio doors! Cable TV while you're in the room, if you want, or just listen to the tree frogs. The flora and fauna of the grounds is immaculately kept, with tropical flowers blooming all around. The airlines lost our luggage and we were three days without it. The staff was extremely helpful in telling us where we could go to get clothing and other necessaries while we waited for our lost luggage. (Always pack a change of clothes and a swim suit in your carry ons)We were very happy here, and will not bother with one of the smaller places again.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice surroundings, slow service This is my second stay at this hotel which is nearly 3 hrs away from San Juan. The hotel has ample parking, nice beautiful scenery. The employees are generally very friendly, but they need better training. Service at the restaurant is awfully slow. A mid-afternoon meal with only three customers around took over an hour to serve. Food was average. There is better food in nearby restaurants (try Tropical Gourmet for example). Called four times to request a wake-up call, nobody answered. A business acquaintance was checked into a room that was not clean, she had to move to another room. Possibly they need more employees and better use of technology so that so routine chores are better handled.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Voyageking
<Content>Nice Sunset, No Restaurant The Rincon of the Seas is a nicely built hotel right in the beach. Watching the sunset in the lobby was marvelous. No real restaurant, and the service was slow. The waiters are a little bit arrogant. The decoration was very nice and exotic, but expected a more fun setting. The pool was miniscule, but the pool bar (inside the pool) was very nice.They really need a restaurant for those who want to gather the full experience of a good hotel. It was a bit expensive for so few amenities. Really, not what I expected. Needs some changes and additional services.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mr._Picky
<Content>Decent hotel, but nothing at all around it My review is about Rincon and not this hotel. The hotel was fine, nothing special, nothing terrible. The pool is great (the beach is slim though). I just want to warn people that the town of Rincon is pretty much a dump. There's nothing there at all. And if anyone tells you that Mayag眉ez, the nearest big town, is anything special, don't believe them. It's a depressing little place, better left unvisited.Soooo....the upshot is, if I absolutely HAD to go to Rincon again, I'd stay here. But hopefully I won't be going to Rincon again.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My Honey Moon In Rincon Well what can i say i was one of the first to stay in this hotel which was great i live in Belleville Nj but raised in Rincon and let me tell u this is one of the best hotel i ever been the food was great especially the restaurant the pool was one of my favorite places to go i love this hotel it was great me and my wife enjoy this amazing hotel the staff that work in the hotel were great the service two let me tell u every year i come to Rincon to visit my family and they ask me why do i stay in this hotel if i live in Rincon well let me tell when ur in Rincon ur in paradise especially in this hotel once u get in u feel ur somewhereelse so i would recomend this hotel to anyone looking to relax and have a great time in this hotel.... i would defenetly come in again.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Traveler2000
<Content>No air conditioned restaurant The hotel is fine and the beach nice but the very good restaurant is now closed. The only restaurant left is the outdoor pool restaurant which has no air conditioned (a must in Puerto Rico). Even low class hotels have one. They have a limited buffet and a very expensive menu for an outdoor restaurant. You will sweat while you dine. Not worth the money any more. I suggest dining outside in one of the many air conditioned restaurants. You will really enjoy your dinner. The pool bar service is also very slow the bartenders act very disinterested. The hotel has turned into a very average place.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very nice place I stayed here on a 3 day/2night offer they had..I had a great time. The food (breakfast for 2 for 2 days and the lunch for 1 day) was very good.The breakfast was made to order eventhough they have a self service offer.The clean was spacious and clean..very nice bathroom.The employes were very friendly. I recommended to a friend at work and he went and liked it also.  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dwolf29757
<Content>A lovely vacation My family stayed at Rincon Of the Seas for 5 nights. The staff was lovely and always tried to go above and beyond. The front desk and wait staff were helpful. I am not sure why the last reveiwer had a difficult time.The hotel itself is fine with a lovely beach and and pool. We explored Rincon and found nicer beaches without rocks but this one was fine for a dip. Nest door we rented jet skis and another guest mentioned they snorkeled right outside and saw some lovely fish. We snorkeled at Steps Beach and would recommend it.The food at the hotel was good-a bit expensive but not out of line. We had the place almost to ourselves during the week and on the weekend many locals came with their families. It became very fun and lively with music. We enjoyed meeting the local families as opposed to being surrounded by all tourists (although there were many travellers as well.)All in all, a great place to stay.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Plenty of nice landscaping but motel/econo like rooms All this place is is a nice on the outside, lousy on the inside overpriced hotel. Sure the landscaping is great but it's obvious all their budget goes to this and not to upkeep the rooms. I'll start with worn down to thin as can be bed comforters (far from the standards you would expect at $200 per night; more like budget inns), linen/bed sheets have been washed and bleached so many times they are hard and coarse. The beds are far gone with no firmness and lumpy. The boxsprings are covered to conceal horrible mildew and corrosion. You will find mildew on the lamp shades, curtains and especially the walls where, from the smell of it, they spray Fantastic or Lysol to try and hold it back. Who do they think they are fooling? As for the staff your lucky if you get a smile, a good morning or a $200 per night service. General attitudes are cold with no out of the way and extra mile service. Front Desk staff falls in this category with a thin young lady with jet black hair who defined this behaviour. The exception was a dark young man with curly hair and a dark heavy set fellow. One was Kevin the other Norbereto or Norbreto. Great guys with big smiles and great attitudes. My last stay in the area was at the Rincon Beach Hotel. Great comfortable rooms (no mildew), awesome infinity pool and nicer service by their staff.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Miskeana
<Content>More than expected My boyfriend and me stayed there for St. Valentine's weekend. The lobby is very nice decorated. The rooms are perfectly clean, with internet service, and we had a beautiful pool and ocean view from its balcony. All workers there are really nice and always are ready to serve, specially Melany at the Outdoor's cafe. Food at this place is really good. Deco restaurant is a bit expensive, we made a reservation for Valentine's night. They had an special menu for that night, and it is very romantic. Pool is CLEAN and CLEAR and we had a great time at the pool's bar. Outdoors, beautiful. Beach, very peaceful. Sunsets, unbelievable. We will come back to this great hotel for sure.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aglazen
<Content>Beautiful, Thoughtful, almost great WE've been everywhere in PR, except Rincon, and we're glad we saved it for last. The ambiance of this area is much gentler and relaxed than anywhere else on the island. This hotel is quite beautiful, particualrly its lobby, pool and grounds. Everything is meticiulously cared for and if feels like the place just opened. WE stayed in their best suite, 101, a very large couple of rooms with its own garden area right upon the beach and the pool. This is a wonderful suite and I highly recommend it if you can pony up the $485/night. The pool is sprawling and quite gorgeous, although very shallow, too shallow for any form of serious swimming. The room has a fridge and lots of cuboards, but they are all empty! No glasses, plates, nothing. There is only one restaurant, a very casual and average poolside place, very ordinary food----low prices, but you have many many options quite close by. One thing I want to say is that the staff at this hotel is outstanding, the friendliest I've ever encountered in PR. If you're looking for relaxation, no noise, no parties---this is agreat place which will not blow you away with luxury, but give you a well-cared for environment and certainly a deluxe experience.   
<Date>Feb 10, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WONDERFUL VACATION! Although I would not call this a luxury hotel I thought it was in many ways far above average. The grounds were breathtaking and the beach was stunning. The sand was soft and the water clear and not rocky. Every service person was welcoming and accomodating. The food was very good though I thought a bit pricey. The rooms were roomy and the bed was very comfortable. There were touch ups that could have made the room not look so worn but all in all after days at the beach I could understand why it wasn't perfect. There was plenty to do and yet the exquisite sunsets kept you glued to the beach.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Pleasant Hotel Very good resort hotel with beautiful gardens and clean, nicely furnished rooms. I stayed the week before Labor Day, and with the exception of the weekend (when the hotel filled up, mostly with locals), I had the hotel and beach practically all to myself! Staff is generally helpful and friendly. Although Rincon of the Seas was one of the better resort hotels I've stayed in, it does have a few disappointing features: The pool is very shallow (3.5' at its greatest depth -- children will enjoy it, but it's practically useless for adults, except to sit around the pool bar). At the hotel's premier restaurant, the Deco, the chef will not consent to any substitutions (for example, a request to substitute potatoes for rice will be answered with the suggestion to order a side dish at extra cost). However, the hotel has another, less expensive restaurant that serves good food. Incidentally, if you prefer to dine out, you will need a rental car. Lastly, check-out was interminably long (but in fairness, it was Labor Day, and the large number of locals staying for the weekend were also all checking out at the same time). Helpful Tip: if you are a AAA member, be certain to ask for the AAA discount.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bambam007
<Content>A different experience My experience differs from the others. We paid $200+ per night. Check in took quite a while and even though we paid for an ocean view they gave us a room with an awful view of a drainage area. The furnishings were in terrible condition. The front desk was not very helpful or pleasant. The next room was better. Next we found out that the hotel had no water. We had to beg for gallons of water (they brought two gallons, many hours later). At no point did they appologize or offer us anything for our inconvience. The service was awful and the swimming pool was very dirty. A word of advice from a pool owner. If you can not see a coin clearly at the bottom of a pool don't go in.I was very happy with the restaurant. The service was great and they had no problem with special dietary requests. (they had a water tank)  
<Date>Jun 12, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not easy to find - but cosy If you like empty beaches and if you don't need nightlife for the whole journey - here you are right.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I am 15 and felt like a KING!!! I am 15 years old and i have been living here in Puerto Rico for a few months. I have not done anything fun until staying at Rincon by the seas.Since I have to go to school and my dad works all the time. Well it is kind of hard to get to the hotel, but the road views are worth the ride! The entrance was beautiful and the lobby feels like a palace. The workers are very nice and serviceable.Plus the hotel has a gift shop and an arcade. The rooms are super clean and the balcony view cannot get any better. You have to see it to believe it! The rooms have a 29 TV and high speed internet. I stayed there for 5 days and 4 nights.The outdoor pool is shallow but very relaxing.The food is awesome in the restaurant and the outdoor cafe. The chefs cook right in front of you and they make you feel like a king, no matter who you are. I had 15 meals and repeated like 3 times each meal! It was breakfast, lunch, and dinner in my 5 day stay. The best part was the beach that is right next to the pool and restaurants. I saw the astonishing sunsets, whale watched (saw only one whale far away), and snorkled for hours. I also bought a boogie board in a near-by surf shop and that was an awesome experiance (great waves). I have been to a lot of hotels around the island and in the US, but none as cool as Rincon by the Seas! I would go back anyday!!!!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>soriguana
<Content>A Very Nice Hotel Rincon of the Seas is a beautiful, new hotel directly on a calm water beach that provides excellent service, attractive surroundings, a large pool with a built in bar, nice rooms and a hotel restaurant. We stayed for 3 nights and found the staff extremely nice and attentive. Good buffet breakfast.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worth the 2.2 hour drive from San Juan   showReview(1763910, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A perfect, peaceful getaway   showReview(1736760, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyable getaway...will only improve as they grow   showReview(1666289, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tilemoma
<Content>A great choice.   showReview(1651763, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sanjuantraveller
<Content>Very charming   showReview(1564636, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Piece of Heaven on Earth   showReview(1545114, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A disappointment   showReview(1497488, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rincon is a Mini Paradise   showReview(1421842, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A+++ for Rincon of the Seas!!!!!!   showReview(1174117, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>edo0
<Content>Posto fantastico, comfort limitato   showReview(22216724, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	5	4	4	3	1	

<Author>dorchrimily
<Content>LOVE THIS PARADISE       LA PISCINA  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ileanita
<Content>estuvimos en el hotel para la epoca navide帽a. Todo estuvo bien y disfrutamos   showReview(6044273, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>evelyn79
<Content>No es como parece   showReview(5361891, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

