<Author>candina43
<Content>our worst vacation ever We arrived at the Serenis on Christmas day, there were no problems with the airport, transfers or check in at the hotel. The ride to this resort is about 1 hour. We checked in and our room smelled really bad, I have asthma  we travel frequently so this was not my first trip. We opened the sliding door that leads to a balcony, this did work but it didn't work quickly  the cleaning staff kept closing the door. The weather was cloudy  really windy for the first 3 - 4 days, the last 2 days it was very nice, warmer  less breezy. The resort offers diving on site  this is the reason we booked this resort, I asked our travel company about the diving  was told it was available on site. We went to the dive shack  were told that it is their winter  they weren't diving there because it was too rough, but they could set us up so we could dive over at Catalina. We went to see our agent in the hotel who not only wouldn't recommend the dive people on site and led us to believe we would be ripped off by these people but he also refused to recommend another dive out fit that we could use. We payed to dive over at Catalina, cash only, and when the morning of the dive came the dive master showed up  said they weren't diving over in Catalina because the weather was too bad. He told us to go down by the pool around 10:00 AM and we could get our money back, so we did  we received a full refund with no problem at all. I would recommend manuel  his staff, they can't control the weather  they were very nice to us. I do have a problem though with a company that highly recommends this resort on their web site but refuses to refer people staying at the resort to the dive shop, why recommend this hotel then if the people working on site can't be trusted?? I would understand if there was a competition over the diving between the hotel  our travel company but our company doesn't offer any dive tours so that was not the reason.Next there was the food  I have to say it was the worst we've had any where in the decade we've been traveling. The steak house was really good  breakfast was decent but the buffet and the other restaraunts were terrible. I lost weight on this vacation.The company I booked this through neglected to mention the restaraunts are limited to 2 bookings per 4 night stay  3 per 7 night stay subject to availability. I would not have booked this hotel for that reason alone.The resort itself is clean and the staff is excellent. The web site shows a way smaller version of this resort on line, we were stunned at the size of this place. There are sets of 2 and 3 story buildings that have 8 rooms across each level and they are listed alphabetically from A through L on each side of the walkway, it reminded me of an apartment complex.Take note, you cannot take mama wanna out of the DR. The people who sell it on the tours will tell you it's no problem but we watched them take it from people in the airport and they were not happy! They told us we could take it as long as it has liquid in it but like i said they were taking it from people at the airport. You can bring back cigars but no cubans, we bought a different brand and didn't encounter any problems.This resort is listed as 3 star on the internet but apple had it listed as 4 apples in their brochure, so be careful. We will be staying in 5 star or above from now on.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	4	5	3	

<Author>Peanut69Winnipeg
<Content>Great vacation at Sirenis Cocotal Resort My pregnant wife and I decided to spend Christmas somewhere warm so we booked at Sirenis Cocotal In Dominican Republic. I will begin with saying this is not my first all-inclusive trip so I can compare this resort with past experience. Our trip was amazing and went without a hitch. The food was excellent, the service was great, pool was nice, etc. Trip to/from Hotel:The ride to the hotel is a little long (~1 hour) and was a little bumpy but not that bad. We liked it, because it gave us an opportunity to see a little of DR including urban and rural. The ride went by quite quickly.Check in/ Check out:Check in was great and quick. Check out took less than a minute. The staff at the reception desk were very nice and there was very little wait.Room:Our room was clean and everything worked. The only complaint here was the ventilation in the bathroom was connected to the ventilation from some of the other rooms. You could hear people from other rooms through it and sometimes it smelled a little.Pool and Beach:The pool area is very nice and we enjoyed our time there. The Beach was okay, not as nice as some of the others I have seen but it was still very nice to walk.Food and Drink:The selection of food was great and I found many tasty items to my liking. My wife is under a number of self imposed dietary restrictions due to being pregnant, she still found lots of items to eat. The only complaint here was that the snacks that were provided between lunch and dinner were not that good. Mostly greasy burgers and fries. The Mexican a la carte restaurant was a 3 out of 5, I give the Japanese 4 out of 5. The Japanese one is fun because they cook in front of you. Drink selection was great and the they provided drink menus at all the bars. Plenty of alcoholic and non-alcoholic options available. We met people at the resort and did not hear any stories about people getting sick. Everything in the resort is prepared/wash etc. with bottled water. The only thing to avoid is drinking water from the room taps, and toilets (our rep joked to us).Service:Service here really stood out. The staff were excellent and seemed happy to serve you. If you do not speak Spanish, have a little patience with their English, they are trying hard. We were a little annoyed by the house keeping staff as they showed up a different times every day and stood outside our door yelling at each other sometimes early in the morning. The bell boys and lobby staff were super nice to us. The anamcion team were unbelievable. They put on amazing shows every night and during the day time kept the kids entertained and happy. The kids enjoyed these guys and gals so much that I would see the kids run up to them and give them hugs whenever they appeared. Amenities:Lots of pool space (pool ranges from 1 - 7 feet in depth, plenty of room for swimming or playing). Nice swim up bars. Good selection of buffets (2 for breakfast, 4 for lunch, 2 for dinner). Good selection of a la carte restaurants. Decent Gym and spa. Small Casino. Couple of Disco's with live music. A nice theatre were they put on great shows every night (Grease, Mamma Mia, comedy skits, Dominican cultural dance, etc.). Lots of nice seating areas.The cons I list below are very nit picky and I do not think they warrant anything lower than a 4.5 out of 5.Cons: afternoon snacks, housekeeping staffPros: everything else  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>ABCD15
<Content>Incredible Vacation My boyfriend and I just got back from a week at Sirenis Cocotal and we both thought it was absolutely incredible!A quick breakdown:Rooms - Very clean and spacious.Beach - If you're looking for white sand and crystal clear water, this isn't the beach for you. The beach is gorgeous. The water is pretty rough and the winds keep the beach pretty cool.Pool - Fantastic! Entertainment - The entertainment team was possibly the highlight of the trip! They were amazing! They were constantly running activities and interacting with the guests. If you have children, this is the resort for you! The entertainment staff was fabulous with all of the children! Food - Not fantastic, not horrible. Pretty much what we expected.Excursions - We only went on one excursion. We went to Saona Island. It was the best $90 we spent. Well worth it. If you're thinking about booking a trip to Sirenis, stop thinking and book now!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	1	5	5	

<Author>jrsTo
<Content>very relaxing holiday at a great price Just came back from Sirenis. My husband and I were there over Christmas with our children 18 and 13. We had booked it mainly because of the price - the cost was significantly lower than many other all inclusives over Christmas week. Because of the mixed ratings on Trip Advisor I was a little concerned about what we would find. Let me start by saying the resort is beautiful and absolutely spotless. There are people everywhere cleaning and maintaining the grounds. Our room was modern and very comfortable. The pool is huge and has many sections to it, including kid friendly shallow ones and deeper ones for adults. The beach is spectacular. You can walk for miles and never reach the end. Best of all, although the resort was full when we were there, there were more than enough cots for everyone. There was no need to run down early in the morning and save them -something we've often had to do at other resorts and on cruises. Another positive is the drinks. There are bars everywhere and you're always served with a smile. The only negative to the resort is the food. I'm used to healthy eating and it was very difficult to find healthy choices at the buffet restaurants. Salad offerings and whole grain breads were minimal, and almost everything was offered in some type of sauce. It was also pretty frustrating that breakfast in the main restaurant was only on until 10. If you slept late you could find a few things to eat at the restaurants near the pool, but there wasn't much I'd recommend. Still, the beach BBQ began at 12:30 everyday, and the grilled chicken was delicious. The food at the A La Carte restaurants, particularly the Japanese, were very good and much healthier choices were available. You can reserve 2 per room per week. Finally, the resort was packed with families with kids. We did lots of reading and relaxing. If that's the type of vacation you're looking for, Sirenis is a good place to go.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>comrademargo
<Content>Truth About Sirenis Cocotal       more wild beach  
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>2	4	5	5	5	2	3	2	

<Author>Pauline007
<Content>nice place A bit scepticle when I booked sirenis but when we finally got there we were happy with the resort very clean the service was great the food was great and I had the best massage ever.The only thing that was terrible was the ride to and from the airport,it was very long and very rough.P.S. that is why I needed a massage when we got there so if you go there be prepared for the very rough ride.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PerfectFebruary2008
<Content>Amazing This was the best vacation my friends and I had ever been on. The staff was amazing, the food was great, the beach was beautiful. Because of our excellent experience my friend and I will be returning to Sirenis in February not just for one week but for two. We are looking forward in returning back to paradise.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mandy1964Cheshire
<Content>Fab resort BUT keep your eye on your handbag This was my 2nd visit to this resort (1st in 2004) Still as impressive. I visited this time with my Daughter (15) and a friend both of whom had not been outside of Europe before. They were instantly blown away with the beauty of the resort. Our room was on the tropical side, very nice, clean and well equipped. Maid service was excellent too. The Staff were 1st class in all areas, pools, bars, restaurants and not forgetting Becky  James the reps who offered a ' help your self to sun cream' that others had left behind when you realise your factor 30 is not doing its job in the first few days! It gets very hot. One word of warning, keep your eye on your bags when on the beach or by the pool areas. Mine was snatched from the side of the parasol on the beach and 4 of us were on the sunbeds along side at the time, extremely clever thief. Things tend to be taken during the weekend when the Dominicans come to stay with their families! Hotel staff did all they could to help with the situation and I did have insurance but I was upset with the fact that I had lost all my photographs of our holiday as my camera was taken, complete with memory card! 11 days in. Those I cannot replace! So, we will just have to go back and do it all again! It has not put me off staying there at all, and the Dominican Rum helped me sooth the loss! Trips we did were the Outback Safari which is brill plus you gain an understanding of the culture and have an opportunity to make a few purchases. Saona Island is an absolute must, its quite a long drive out to meet the boats along very very bumpy roads. Again it was my 2nd time to Saona but it is a place you never tire of and the natural lagoon makes the bumpy roads a distant memory.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tracey71
<Content>Great family Vacation October 31-November 7 2008 Okay where to start ,well We were a family of 5 travelling together for the very first time and all the places I have been and travelled to I must say this was by far the very best food I have ever had in the carribien I have been to Dreams Punta Cana, Holquin Cuba, and San Andres and then here this year!! It is stunning beutiful grounds very well kept vegatation. Easy acess to everything never a far walk anywhere, loved the lay out you would never know there were two resorts in one other than the reception area has two seperate check in check out counters.Room: Was very clean and plenty big enough with a huge sliding closet with large shelves to pack away your clothes we had 2 adult clothing and 2 children clothing organized and fit perfectly with room to spare. The bathroom was a good size the tub rather small but did the trick one thing no plug to be found there was rust on the floor under the tub but was very clean and could not be removed. There was not a face cloth anywhere on this resort so you need to pack your own. For those who love a hard bed this would be heaven, as the beds are very very hard and are doubles not queens nothing like a snuggle lolPool: Pool runs along the ocean from left to right it is huge very shallow at both ends then travel along waist deep once you go under a bridge on both sides it is very deep be prepared with the non swimmers.The pool was being fixed while we were there it did need some work where the tiles were missing but because its one huge pool no one would want the pooll closed on there holiday so I was very glad to see them working around us.The Cocotal side is louder that is where the animation team has contests, pool volleyball, bocce ball ect. Very fun if you want to get involved and listen to the louder music and mingle but if you want quieter then the otherside is less rowdy we loved both sides and a bonus both sides have a swim up bar!!!! PERFECTBeach: Very big it deep and long just perfect lots of shade cabanas to go under and lots of choice the right side of the resort has a hut for shopping beware of your youngsters my 16 yr old went there alone and was offered drugs and the younger men there were asking my daughter to meet with them or go for a walk!! I went back with her to make her purchases and there was no talk of anything that time!!! I no this happens everywhere and the hut looks part of the resort but It is not.Resturants: We ate at the steakhouse it was wonderful we had chicken wings as an appy and ribs as a main course with bake potato very very good. Italian we went to twice they had a appy's buffet aswell with real parm cheese and the best brusetta I have ever had in my life!!lasagne was excellent and if you like ground beef the cataloni was very good, I also had the ricotta and spinch ravioli it was amazing if you like your pasta al dente like me I was in heaven the speggetti looked good my kids loved it, , and then Japanesse which was a great show gergous appy's at the buffet beforehand and he did a yummy chicken, steak, rice, and veggies then offered shrimp and tofu to those who were interested and you got a little something of everything on your plate fanastic.Buffet dinner was fanastic a huge variety to roasted whole chickens veggies in cheese sauce the best brussel sprouts in a white cream sause lots of rices bake potatoes and every single day a pasta bar. The choice varied nightly and was incredable travelling with a 7 year old with autism, a nine year old boy and a 16 year old girl and two adults we all always found plenty to eat the food was out of this world specacular!!Lunch: Two choices beach grill with jumbo bbq hot dogs, hamburgers, fries, jerk chicken to die for and all the trimmings!!! Lunch buffet: icecream machine had vanilla, and choc van twist ,and then just chocolate and then nachos and cheese was a hit. Also they made incredible crepes there fresh for you they were such a yummy treat. Along with a whole hot and cold buffet changeing daily oh yes one more thing fresh buns meats and cheeses with a panini press grill to make your own gergous sandwiches!!!The night buffet opened at 11 it was simple a few desserts with fresh fruit and a few hot items every night different this was a good place to get a delicious piece of heavenly chocolate cake that my husband craved nightly..lolWE had a blast we loved every minute of the vacation something for everyone the kids did enjoy the kids club which ran from 10-12 then 3-5 but we enjoyed haveing the kids with us so much they did not go everyday and only once they went both morning and afternoon. My little guy loved the video games while my 7 year old enjoyed face paintings and the crafts they also had fabric paint where the decorated there own t-shirts. The animation team never stopped there were there at 10 a.m. and you saw them till 12 midnight daily. I have no idea where they get there energy and spunk all day everyday especially in the heat.It averaged 93 daily it was very hot and that sun beamed down without a cloud in the sky. We did run out of sunscreen and iit was a disqusting 40$ american for 2 bottles so bring lots and land lots. I had read of the misquitoes ok well my whole family went without a bite but me I have about 30 on my legs in total makes no sense you did not really see them or feel them till it was to late, it must be my british blood they loved!!! Three of us did the dophins with sharks and mantarays which was wonderful but was 110.00 a person and my husband and youngest did the dunebuggy sold on the beach by the pool and there were disappointed at 60$ each they were told they would have all this fun and go to a cave they never did no fault of the hotel though..also we did a one hour horse back riding which was wonderful and a great family experience oly 25 dollars a person We had a great vacation wonderful 7 days I would go back in a heart beat but as I only travel once a year i need to go somewhere new everytime...lol I would highly recomend this as a destination for all ages. If I have forgot anything please just drop me a line I would love to answer all your questions!!!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>garrady
<Content>Not so good anymore Sirenis Cocotal Beach Resort聽 Punta CanaOctober 13th - 27th 2008We had a fantastic holiday at Sirenis Cocotal in 2006 but this time not so good.The hotel has dropped from a 5* to a questionable 4* now and it was evident in the apprearance of many public areas and service levels.Replacing the central water features with grass and flowers helped remove some mosquitos from the evening walk to the bars. The gardens are a magnificent example of what it was in 2006.Our pre-booked room was excellent and the cleaning service first class. Food was well聽 presented, adequate and plentiful at all outlets, bars were good and the Italian and Japaneese theme restaurants were exceptional and worth a visit..All the table service staff were very pleasant and attentive, not so their supervisory staff who seemed somewhat remote from general guest contact and needs.Reception and cashier staff were fairly ordinary, understaffed and not too bothered about helping in any way that interrupted their chatter. TIP - Pay the deposit for safety boxes in dollars else you get 2000 Pesos (拢40)back on your last day.Do not hesitate to contact IRIS the first class customer services manager who seems to be the only management member with any idea about customer satisfaction. This lovely lady 's staff organised a super small celebration for our wedding anniversary in the Italian theme restaurant.Beach and pool facilites were excellent and loungers plentiful, pool bar staff are the best on site. Pool towel room ran out of returned towel cards on last day so towels had to be taken to the reception check out. Check hotel charges very carefully especially the spa/beauty treatments if you have discount options on any facilities that you use though the VIP Club membership.In addition to some sewage smells around the conference centre the main complaint is that local Dominicans descend on Friday afternoons until Sunday evenings and take over most of the hotel facilities, bars, pool and restaurant queues, thats the time to take an excursion.Due to the My Travel takeover last yeat we had to travel with Thomas Cook Airlines - late departure as normal, lack of any company communications, poor in flight service and local Representatives were of rather poor quality - come back Airtours.One exciting聽 incident was the visiting fire eating cabaret act setting light to a palm roofed maintenance hut and seeing the staff putting the fire out with hand extinguishers, water in pots from the pool and a fire hose that was short and did not work.Recommend and return:- Not until 5*聽 quality is re-instated.Likes: Garden setting, pool and beachDislikes: Poor service from reception /cashier staff, locals taking over at weekends, felt like UK holiday camp with sun.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	5	5	1	5	3	

<Author>GLASS45RED
<Content>Fantastic Hotel, Staff, Food and Beach       View from of appartment  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ndf9876
<Content>Sirenis Cocotal Beach Resort Having read so many reviews before my trip to the Dominican Republic, I wanted to add my own insight into the hotel as a lot of what I'd read before going was fairly conflicting.I stayed at the Cocotal Beach Resort for 2 weeks in October with my partner. Following a rather long transfer to the hotel (approx. 1hr 30 mins from the airport) we arrived...!First of all, the hotel itself is lovely. The grounds are very well kept and clean, and you'll see gecko lizards, and the odd tarantula (I kid you not!). All the public areas are polished regularly, although my partner found that the mosquito repellant she used reacted with the polish they use on the seats and discoloured her sandals and feet. Reception offer a decent enough service - their English is reasonable and I didn't have any communication problems.The grounds just outside the hotel are beautiful as well, although I'd advise anyone to avoid using the small parade of shops on the complex, as although they are well-stocked, they are very expensive - but if you forgot to buy mosquito repellant, or need some medication, you're left with little choice. Souvenirs are best purchased elsewhere, again due to price,The complex is actually divided into two 'sides' - the Beach Resort (the subject of this review) and the Tropical Suites. Both share the same facilities, the only difference being the rooms - the Tropical Suites are far larger and superior; the Cocotal rooms are at best mediocre. Ours was not dirty, as such, but the bathroom was in need of updating and the quality of the room itself was shabby. Nonetheless, we only used the room to chill out and sleep - literally, because the air conditioning was very good - and watch a bit of TV. The channels are mostly American, so if you're not a late-night person, or fancy an early one, there are plenty of things on. There is also a mini-bar - stocking non-alcoholic drinks only (we had mineral water, Sprite and Coca Cola). There are upgrade 'packages' available - for varying amounts, you can have room service, a fully alcoholic mini-bar and various other facilities - we didn't bother with these. Cleaning / maid service was very good and we had no problems getting extra fresh towels and extra soft drinks on request.The pool and beach were both lovely - the pool is enormous, but can become quite crowded. Having two pool bars was quite nice, but neither of them were particularly clean (one of them had an ant infestation) and some characters decided to empty the remnants of their unwanted drinks into the pool (this may say more about the guests than the hotel though!). The beach was quieter, and had its own bar together with waiter service. I'm not sure if the waiter service was the result of a nice tip or all part of the package; I suspect the former.I've read a lot of conflicting things about the food, but personally, I can't see how anyone was ill due to the food - because none of it was undercooked - everything is thrashed to within an inch of its life! Neither myself or my partner had any problems with undercooked food. That isn't to say it's great though - far from it - we both found the buffet uninteresting and bland, and out of the selection of a 'a la carte' restaurants we tried, only the Italian and Japanese offered any sort of atmosphere and flavour. The Steakhouse, Mexican and Mediterranean restaurants I thought were dreadful - I am still convinced they microwaved a supermarked 'fajita dinner kit' and served it to me - very disappointing. The Japanese (Jade) is a memorable evening, and whilst they might not adhere to UK-standard Health  Safety laws, everything is clean, cooked freshly and thoroughly, and is tasty. Although you are told you only have two reservations for the 'a la carte' per week, it's worth visiting Guest Services every so often to see if they'll give you any extra bookings (we had eight bookings in two weeks). Again, there is nowhere to purchase snacks (crisps, sweets etc) so if you're that way inclined, bring your own! Outside of the main dining, there is a snack bar at the pool, serviing burgers, sausages and the like, as well as ice-cream (which was lovely), but for a tasty lunchtime munch head down to the beach barbecue. All that in mind, I spoke to some people who had been to the Dominican Republic before - both to five-star hotels - and both said that the food at the Sirenis was the best they'd had. I guess you have to bear in mind that it's mass catering as well!There's certainly enough entertainment, although it's mainly geared towards the younger guests (children, young teens and lager louts) thanks to the 'Animation Team'. These guys do everthing - sing, dance, fitness classes, merengue lessons, you name it, they do it. The guys work very hard, and the highlight of our two weeks was watching the Dominican show and dancing to the live band afterwards. The shows are all of varying quality - go with an open mind - but the local bands afterwards are a real laugh. Take your mosquito repellant though, because the mozzies are out in force in that area of the hotel, and several people I spoke to when I was there said they'd never seen mosquito bites like it - my girlfriend ended up with 70 bites on her leg after one evening there.The lowlight of the entertainment - which cycles every two weeks - was the 'party' on the first night. After a 9-hour flight, and an early start that morning, I didn't really enjoying hearing 'Agadoo' from my room blaring out over a breakbeat....At weekends, the local Dominicans are allowed in, and our rep advised us to book trips for the weekends because of this. I'd read elsewhere that the locals cause chaos; I also heard stories to that effect while I was there, but about the only thing that annoyed me was it was very difficult to get served at the bar when the Dominicans were there - the bar staff would always serve them first.Tipping is very welcome there - we took a lot of one-dollar bills (US currency is almost preferred to Dominican) and these went a long way. Once you've tipped someone, they'll be very attentive to you.The surrounding area is pretty quiet - there isn't much to do apart from organised trips - although a walk north-ish along the beach is lovely (the southern end is really dirty!) and you'll find some little shacks along the way selling souvenirs (for a fraction of the price of the hotel shops, and even cheaper if your bartering skills are up to speed!). We found most of the tour operator-organised trips were quite expensive, and didn't offer great value-for-money.If you've booked, you won't be disappointed. Personally, I wouldn't go back to the Dominican Republic, but I had a great time at the Sirenis.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	3	3	5	5	3	

<Author>foodie1lancs
<Content>Great complex, average food/drink       seaview from room J206  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>JenRik
<Content>Great people but shame about the place! Spent 2 weeks in Sept 08 at the Sirenis as a couple, it's taken us a few weeks to gather our thoughts and write this review! Where to start!? Had such high hopes from this holiday, first trip to the Caribbean, but so disappointed. Our first week was mainly pretty ok - room was comfy enough but had a nasty damp smell to it we couldnt shift (had to wait 3 days for a phone that worked otherwise all ok, best of all the air con pheww!) , 35deg in the day and 25 at night , so come prepared for that, my other half + almost all the other brits we met were totally eaten by the mosis /midges, there was seriously NO getting away from them, even in the day! Miraculously tho I got away with c10 bites the whole 2 weeks , figure that one out?! Absolutely horror stories started coming in about a week into the holiday from our fellow guests - airlifts to hospital, acute stomach complaints and doctor call outs, badly infected bites, it just went on, so in the end we were both grateful we never needed any medical assistance! The theme restaurants - Italian the best we thought, followed by Mexican, Chinese (if you're not averse to a bit of food contamination from the way they cook it all in front of you or if you are veggie AVOID!) , you really have to push them for your reservations but persevere! Dont bother with room service here, the food took 2 hours and wasnt what we ordered when it did arrive! I dont think we were alone in being extremely disappointed by the level of service from our reps (Thomas Cook) - inneffectual was the word I used on several occasions when we really needed help, eg language barrier with reception team etc, in the end our main problem we encountered, which basically required us to move room 1 week in, we ended up sorting ourselves, so pretty useless, sorry! We went on just one excursion, the Isla Catalina - what you DONT get told in your welcome meeting is that its actually a 90 minibus drive, followed by 30 min wait in the searing heat (NO shelter from sun anywhere!) for the Gator boat, and when you get to the island yes the baby lobsters delicious but the wait is an hour, served about 2pm, after a 7am start at the hotel and NO chance of any food in between?! Oh and the island is fly/mosquito infested, so when the food does come the little b*stards are gnna get to it first!! Great for a snorkel if thats your think, but a VERY long way to go to do it! We did enjoy the drive out to the 'Michael Jackson wedding' church and the wander round the archeological village, but the waiting around and disappointing island kind of spoilt it, so be prepared for a 12 hour round trip on that one which you're not told by the rep either! Our guide tho, Michael, was a scream and really made the day! The drive thru some of the towns made you realise just how poor a country it is and how most dominicans lived, so were were really glad we got to see that. Ok the food in the main buffet restaurant - the breakfast is brilliant, something for everyone and by far we thought best food going there. Beach bbq was great in our first week, after that food was always fly ridden and cold, so beware. Dinner variety was hit and miss really, I think we all suffered 'delhi belly' or the Caribbean equivalent - or worse- at least once over the 2 weeks, some were just horrifically ill tho so I think it's a matter of luck, and just being careful with meats etc. Water is all purified so no probs there, and the Presidente beer was none too bad we thought, but as for the local wine.......!!???On one positive note tho, we LOVED the pool, just so huge, I found it clean in the main and always a quiet spot to swim if you wanted, plenty of huts/loungers to go round when we were there and those swim up bars just too tempting! Then there's the Sirenis bar staff , always smiling and just the best (specially lovely Pasqual and Kenia, thanks for taking care of us so brilliantly, sorry we missed you to say goodbye :( ) . The animation staff - totally nuts but just great (where does all that energy come from in that heat guys?!?! haha!). Beach also fab with plenty of privacy if you want it, altho sea itself wasnt as clean or blue as in the pics?! Last but not least the GORGEOUS cocktails made up for a lot ! :) The nightly shows are also really great for a laugh and the dancing is amazing, loved Grease. The Kareoke - lets just say you need to have sunk a fair few pinas to really enjoy!! The disco isn't bad, we popped in once as its only part of resort where drinks weren't free! Would we recommend the hotel overall or go back ? Fraid not! My other half described it as 'posh Butlins with better weather', a pretty good sum up really! I think maybe going in the 'summer' season over there you'd avoid the horrendous humidity, which obviously brings the mosifest to the DR! Sorry this went on a bit but wanted to get it all in! Big hi to Anita + Mum (sorry we cant remember your name!), Sylvia and hubby, Brian and all the brit gang, it really made our holiday meeting all of you!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	2	2	1	1	3	

<Author>Troots
<Content>Brilliant My partner and I have just returned from a two week stay at the Cocotal. The flight was great (I can highly recommend upgrade) and check in process was very efficient and quick. Rooms are fine - a little tired perhaps but that doesn't bother us as we only ever plan to sleep and shower there. Beach: the beach is fabulous - we are not poolside people and the beach offered enough peace and quiet for us, the ents staff tried to persuade us to take part in the activities (which we did a couple of times) but weren't forceful or persistent at all. There are people selling quad biking, horseriding etc but again, they don't pester you and generally leave you alone.Food: we were given two reservations per week at the ALC facilities - we ate at the Steakhouse (ok), Italian (not really our cup of tea), Mexican (nice, and great waiter), and Jade (best one IMHO). If you go to the customer relations desk and ask for a further reservation over and above the ones you are allocated they will generally help you out. The big buffet restaurant has something for everyone - I am quite picky and never went hungry. There is also a beach BBQ at lunchtimes, and a bigger buffet restaurant also at lunchtimes - both are fine, ideal for something light at that time of day.Bars: the beach bar is ideal for lazy days - you can get whatever you want from here, and staff are always friendly and helpful. In the evenings we generally went to the main bar rather than the ents area - the guys there were fantastic and really made our holiday. They are very friendly and helpful - if you meet Felix, Christian and Felippe you are very lucky!!!! Couldn't have wished for a nicer group of guys.Trips: We did 3 excursions. Jungle safari was first - it rained that day and we still had a fab time with our guide Sammy. Then we did Tropical Storm - despite the apalling roads (stop building hotels and start building some roads!!), we had a great day with Paddy and his crew, and can highly recommend this trip. Finally we did the Isla Catalina trip - we started to become a little despondent as we were on the coach for ages, but when we got to catalina - WOW - this is the perfect place for snorkelling, great food also - we really didn't want to leave.All in all a fantastic holiday, the Dominican people are really friendly and we couldn't have hoped for anything more. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone. Take loads of mossy repellant with you and you'll be fine.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mumtotyler
<Content>Was Ok-Wouldnt Go Back Stayed at Cocotal Sept 2008 for 2wks and believe me after the 1st week i just wanted to go home-overal there was 10 of us ranging from the age of 65 to my young son who is 2 and also 3 teeanagers.i cannot fault the staff ans food at the hotel, and also the animation, but please please let me warn you about the mosquitos-they bite with a vengance!! all of my party 10 of us were biten all over-the worse seemed to be in the evening. I think somebody must have complained to manager about it, cos the bites seemed to have eased off about 2days before we were due to leave. but for most of a week n half i was basically scratch scratch scatch and nasty marks were left on my legs, arms!! Also the pool bar-whilst we were there there were men constantly at the pool-and believe me they Never got out to go to the toilet-so u can imagine WHERE DID THEY GO TOILET??? il leave to your imagination....i would also like to warn you all of the spiders over there-they are huge! that is the main point which put me off going back to the cocotal.but apart from the above i have expressed the hotel was fab-food brill-the italian, and chinese i particulary enjoyed. and also quad biking was brill, didnt go to the dolphin park as they are cruel to the dolphins so wasnt wasting my money on that...My Son is only 2 and there was nothing at all for him to do they have a park but i found it dangerous, there was a big gap at the end of the slide and it was basically falling apart.The animation team were brill, spaghetti was the main leader of them and my god he was so so funny, also the theatre in the evening have different shows each night-brill aswel, except the 2nd week the seemed to repeat most of the same shows so we were not happy about that as there was nothing else to do, just sit in the lounge area and get bite by mosquitos.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>2	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mumofjoshjordjoe
<Content>Great Holiday! We enjoyed a two week holiday in March 2008. Having travelled to many islands in the caribbean, I personally found the Sirenis absolutely fabulous. My kids are now 20, 14  13 and are a little more difficult to please. There was plently to do and I didn't really see any of my kids until we ate as a family in the evening. We tried all of the restaurants and would particularly recommend the Italian, Steakhouse and the Japanese. We enjoyed a couple of excursions including the Monster Trucks which although being a long day, was great fun and worth the money. Food in the buffet restaurants was superb, with so much choice. Don't bother buying any gifts at the hotel etc because the choice at the airport is great and much cheaper than buying from elsewhere. Don't buy alcohol from the shops at the beach, duty free items are much cheaper at the airport. If there wasn't so many other places I want to visit I would defintely go back to the Sirenis.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>terikeltoni
<Content>Loved it!! After reading some of the reviews on Trip Advisor I must admit that I was a bit worried but I was wasting my energy as the holiday, hotel and staff couldn't be faulted.The trip to the hotel took just a little over an hour and the potholes were just taken as part of the adventure. The check in was quick and easy and the room was lovely and clean. The staff were the most friendly and effiecient that I have ever come across. I don't know how anyone could complain about the food as there was food available all the time and if someone can't find anything out of the wise variety then I think that they have the problem not the hotel!! The weather was fantastic up till the last 2/3 days and then we got a tropical storm but that isn't the hotels fault - we knew that it was hurricane season, so took our chances. The only think that the hotel lacks in my opinion is a shop that sells chocolate! If you are a chocoholic like me then take some of your own supply. You do get the odd fix in desserts, drinks etc but not a slab or bar of choc to be seen! I would defo go back to the Sirenis and have already encouraged my daughters to go with their partners. Thanks Sirenis for a great time.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	5	5	5	

<Author>debokye
<Content>excellent       view from room  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>OscarSwansea
<Content>Second Class Citizens After the bone shaking journey to the hotel we arrived and I was impressed with the arrival procedure and the hotel reception area. Once checked in we went to our room. The room was basic, not very clean, had a balcony door which constantly stuck despite complaints to reception and had the foulest smelling aircon I've ever experienced.Due to fact we arrived about 7pm we decided to shower and go straight for food and a drink. Generally the standard of food at the main restaurant was always of a good standard and hygene was also good. In our brochure it stated that there were seven restaurants within the complex. This is correct, however, they only open on certain days of the week and you are advised that you are only allowed two reservations a week! Don't believe them. From my personel experience some of the staff on CUSTOMER RELATIONS will lie to your face and tell you restaurants are fully booked but a guest four places behind you in the que will some how manage to reserve seats?Weekends ruined this holiday. From Friday lunchtime till Sunday teatime the Dominican people arrive at the hotel like a swarm of locusts. You have to wait for tables for all meals and when you finally get a table the staff ignore you and serve the Dominicans. Numerous British guests staying at the same time as us all commented that they felt like second class citizens at the weekends and as a result, like me, they would not be returning to the Sirenis Cocotal/Tropical.If you decide to try this resort it is worthy of note that they also have a major issue with mosquitoes. Almost everyone I saw during our stay had a large amount of bites around the legs and arms despite taking medical precautions. One of my party had 47 bites in one night so beware.In some brochures this resort is listed as 4/5 Star. I've been lucky enough to stay at a 5 Star hotel in the past and I would grade this as a top end 3 Star.Overall the location was beautiful, the food was good but apart from that the holiday was the worst I've been on.Nick, Swansea  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	4	2	3	

<Author>Carebear99_9
<Content>Loooved it!!!!!       As we were leaving!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>addyloves
<Content>Loved It       around the lobby  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rodezz
<Content>loved the hotel,fantastic entertainment Stayed at the Serenis Cocotal from 18th August to 1st September. Family of 5 including three children aged 2,8 and 17. We had a fantastic holiday, the weather overall was great and no hurricane or storms despite press reports. The journey from the airport took just over an hour, we were checked in quickly and had time for dinner, which was great. The hotel has six restaurants in total, the best being the japanese restaurant followed by the italia, the decor and food in both restuarants are of very high standards. Nearest shopping plaza is about five mins by cab, but is quite small, the shopping centre in the town is situated in Higuey, you will need to take a return cab roughly about 70 to 80 dollars round trip, opt for the big supermarket in higuey you can get items at fixed prices rather than haggling, higuey alo has local shops, night time entertainment was great, the group should really audition for one of these talent shows as they are wasted there..far too good, lots of water sports, but you have to pay for trips.. we did horse riding and the boogy ride, which was fun. i would recommend that the hotel invest in a shuttle bus to the main town for guest, do take your mosquito cream or insect repellant band, thats a must. Edwin  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>NayNay0491
<Content>AMAZING!!!       the beach  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	5	3	

<Author>beachluvr214
<Content>Great Mini-Vacation! My husband and I spent 3 wonderful days at the Sirenis Cocotal Resort on a surprise, spur of the moment trip for his 50th birthday. It was great and it could not have worked out better.Checked out the Apple Vacations website on Sunday, found a great price, checked work schedules on Monday and booked our trip on Tuesday with a Friday morning departure! Never booked a mini vacation out of the country that fast before.Since we booked through Apple, the hotel transfers were included  thank goodness. It is a little over an hour to the resort from the airport, but we thought the ride through the area was enlightening to say the least. We can sometimes take so much for granted. Check in was quick and smooth. Iris, our representative at the front desk was incredible.I told her about my husband鈥檚 birthday and she said she would take care of it. We also got a key to the room safe. I had read somewhere that only Apple provides these for free. We were in building F. Very close to the lobby building and the casino. Not a bad location at all. I don鈥檛 think there could be a bad location at this resort. We have been to the Palladium resorts, both in Punta Cana  Riviera Maya, and that鈥檚 a lot of walking! This was a breeze.A Beautiful beach. No rocks or coral and very clean. Plenty of chaises to choose from. The water was incredible. Beach bar was very efficient and they knew us after our second round of drinks. Enjoyed a beautiful first day on the beach. Went to the buffet for dinner and it very good. Typical All-Inclusive resort food, but very well presented and the staff was quick with drinks and clearing the table.After dinner had a few drinks in the lobby bar, which was very nice and then went over to the theater. The show was over I guess, but there was a band playing  some people dancing. It was really nice and we had fun. We then went to the disco/nightclub. Not very crowded (I guess it was still early) but it was very nice. Stayed for a little while and watched a lot of people dancing. Not as loud as some others we have been to. Very nice for a smaller resort. We then went over to the Casino. It鈥檚 very small but serves the purpose.The next morning went to the buffet for breakfast and it was very good. Staff was quick with the coffee. The food was very good and there was a decent selection and variety. The animation staff is around and easy to spot if you are interested in activities. When we got back to out room, Iris had sent a bottle of Rum, a bottle of Champagne and a wonderful fruit tray to our room. What a nice touch. I was very impressed.Went to the steakhouse for dinner and have to say that this was the only really disappointing part of the trip. First, it鈥檚 very hot in there with no air-conditioning. I really do not enjoy my dinner when I am sweating after cleaning up for a nice dinner 鈥渙ut鈥? It was worse for the men as they are in long pants. Then, as if the heat was not bad enough, there was a mosquito problem. I know, we are in the Caribbean, but it鈥檚 difficult to enjoy dinner when you are getting bit by bugs. They really funny part, was when the waiter sprayed our legs with bug repellant right there at the table! Did help with the bug bites though. Just so funny, to be sprayed like that at your dinner table. The steak was OK. When I made the reservations, I told the receptionist about my Husband鈥檚 birthday and the wonderful staff that they have, brought him out a cake singing Happy Birthday in both Spanish and English! It was great. He was so surprised and the cake was wonderful. Probably the best dessert we had.There is also a beach BBQ that is set up everyday for lunch with burgers, hotdogs, chicken  chops along with fries and other various items. Very nice.Check out Monday morning was a snap  we even had time for a good breakfast before the Apple bus came to take us to the airport.All in all 鈥?it was a great resort. The bathrooms were always clean. The maids did a wonderful job in our room every morning. Our mini-fridge was filled everyday. There is a small coffee pot in the room as well as a safe, and iron  ironing board. Plenty of closet space. The grounds were beautiful and very well maintained. There was always somebody cleaning or trimming something! Every person we came across was so pleasant, it was such a nice atmosphere. The food and drinks were good and we were never hungry or thirsty. I am already looking to plan our next trip here.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>littlebuttons
<Content>loved the place travel dates 28th july 2008 to 11 august 2008 - party 4 adults and 2 children age 10 and 12flight - flew from gatwick with thomas cook, 1 hour delay due to maintenance on plane. paid for premier flight and frankly it was a rip off. brouchure had stated we would get pamper packs for adults and entertainment pack for children and multiple choice of meals and complementary drinks. none of this materialised. we were only offered 2 choices of meals and drinks only served twice, apart from meals, during a 9 and a half hour flight. seats were marginally larger in the premier cabin but not worth the cost.Punta Cana airport - what an experience, we had arranged our tourist cards with embassy before we went so no queueing at airport to pay for these, i would recommend this as heat is unbelievable after the air-con on plane and staff at airport are really surly. not one of them smiled or said please or thankyou. luggage arrived really quickly and we were on the airconditioned coach within about 30 minutes. waited ages on coach for those who had to queue to pay for tourist visa. Transfer to resort - trip to resort was an experience to say the least. main roads are about equivelant to our farm tracks and no regard is taken by other drivers for right of way, speed, condition of roads etc. it seems to be just foot down and go for it. quite hair-raising (as a non driver) to say the least. journey was about 50 minutesarrival at resort - we were checked in on the tropical side even though we were staying on cocotel side, both are just a mirror image of each other. entrance to resort is fabulous, all palm tree rooves and water features. there are no walls in the entrance and reception area, just palmtree rooves and canvas screens. staff at reception very nice and efficient and fruit punch was much appricieated. directed to rooms and cases arrived with bell boy in 20 minutes.room - lovely room, 2 double bed and lovely bathroom with bath (a bit small), and shower. immaculately clean throughout. floors all tiled and air-con a god send. really cool in room. plenty of wardrobe/storage space and little balcony was good.Grounds - amazing, beuatiful and really well maintained. loads of staff around all the time doing the gardens. if you ask one of them they will get you a coconut to drink but beware these can uspet your tummy.pool - cocotel side of pool is lovely, were clean and nice an cool. swim up bar is great, staff very friendly. little island in the middle of pool with steps to sit/lie on and shelf/step under the bridge if you fancy a bit of shade in the pool. tropical side of pool is a nightmare, all broken tiles and a strange smell around the swim up bar on that side. plenty of seats/beds around the pool as long as you get there early and put a towel on them. we tended to walk down to pool early and reserve beds then walk back to reception buffet for breakfast. beach - this was fabulous, a string bouys to stop you going too far out. loads of beds in shade and in the sun. lovely and clean. bar on the beach was really good and had a soft drink machine so kids could just help themselves, beware of the wasps though as they do tend to gather around this machine.Food - breakfast was really lovely, plenty of choice from cereal and toast to omlettes made to order, to bacon and eggs. we tried the steakhouse and mexican and it was ok but didnt re-book the 2nd week. The italian/mediterranian and japanese were stunning and we did these in both the 1st and 2nd week. the buffet, both at the pool and in reception was really good. try the crepes at luch time at the pool buffet. plenty of choice no matter what you like to eat.staff - every member of staff we met were wonderful. always greeted with Hola from everyone, waitress at the reception seating areas were greet even tried to teach us a bit of spanish. sometimes they got the drinks order wrong but that was no great sweat just re-order. we tended to tip a couple of dollars at each meal and a couple of times if we sat in reception on an evening. this is much appreciated by staff.cleanliness - everywhere was immaculately clean. pool guys and beach cleaners started at about 6 am. rooms were cleaned everyday unless you put tag on door to say you didnt want it done. room cleaners seemed to start in a different area every couple of days so times that rooms were done varied from about 8.30am to 3pm.excursions - we did the outback safari and would recommend it, it was really interesting to see the local area. we took goodies for the children at the school that you visit, colouring books and pencils and sweets etc and they loved these. tour guide Alex was really good and gave us lots of local history information and lots of rum and coke, he just on the back of the truck, emptying out half a bottle of coke or sprite and topping up with coke. soft drinks are available. lunch time meal was really nice and we spent about an hour on a fabulous beach at the end of the trip.entertainment - lots of things happening around the pool and beach everyday, from dance lessons to spanish lessons. kids club is more catered from the ages of about 4 to 10. the only fault we had was the golf and archery were practically none existent, but the sports bar outside the recetption had pool tables, table tennis etc and the kids enjoyed this. we felt safe enough to let them wander up on an evening on their own. the lads who do the daytime entertainment are so funny, one of them with skinny legs was hilarious and appreciated the odd beer we got for him, although from him hiding in the bushes to drink it i dont think he was supposed to do this. the evening entertainment was really good, very energetic although the bingo was a bit of a free for all it was a real laugh.the only negative thing i can say about this holiday was the weekends when the locals arrive, the 1st weekend was ok but the 2nd weekend was a bit bad, the local adults are rude and hog the bars/pool beds/beach bed but the kids are horrendous little animals. i got kicked in the back a few times at the pool bar by a couple of kids but soon resolved this by a quick hand on the head and a dunk under the water. they tended to stay away after that.this was my 1st holiday abroad as would go to this resort again. my 1 recommendation would be to take the strongest mossie spray/cream that you can get as they can be persistant little blighters especially at night if sitting in the reception lounge areas.we loved it  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>missbigfish
<Content>Nice All-Inclusive Getaway       View from our room  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Ladleboy
<Content>Spring Break Dominican Style at the Weekends!!       Japanese Restaurant  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	3	2	4	

<Author>AshtonMorgan
<Content>Awesome vacation at the Sirenis Punta Cana Arrival and Flight (LONG but DETAILED review!!!) We arrived Sunday, August 3rd, and stayed through Sunday, August 10th, 2008. Since we booked through Apple Vacations, we were able to get a great deal on a 8 day/7 night stay out of Detroit. The deal was well worth the 3.5 hour drive to Detroit. We flew USA3000 charter airlines. We left on time and maybe even arrived early. We were made to fill out our visa information on the plane and this allowed us to bypass the madness, pay our $10 and zip through Immigration. Booking through Apple includes many special perks, but no one really seems to know what they are, unless they have stayed there (well, the maids and the Apple rep at the resort knows. The resort does not). These perks included free use of the in-room safe, free room service (be sure to order from the Apple menu, as it is modified a bit), free drinks at the disco (yes, all others pay for drinks there and all the other bars shut down at that time), 3 a la carte reservations (and the guy at guest relations said that we could possibly get a 4th if we attended our first and then came back to see him...we never got around to it), bottles of beer in the fridge in the room (others said they only got Quiequeya...we had Presidente), a coffee maker with all the trimmings (including tea), and an iron and ironning board.  Rooms This resort has the 2 resorts in 1 thing going on. There is the Cocotal side (the side we were on) which is made up of traditional hotel rooms, and the Tropical side which is made up of Junior Suites). We stayed in room K102. This was on the 2nd floor of a two story building (most are 3 story). We had a vaulted ceiling with a ceiling fan and an oceanview. We were in close proximity to the beach, the snack bar/Mexican and Steakhouse al a carte restaurants, and pool. The main reception area was kind of a lengthy walk away, but we liked being closer to the beach. Our room had two double beds which were quite hard, but after a long day of sun, beach, drinks, and dancing at the disco, I couldn't tell the difference.  Restaurants We visited 3 al a cartes, opting for the buffet on all other nights, so as not to be on a strict schedule. The first was the Steakhouse, or the Mexico Nuevo. This one is the pool snack bar during the day (the crepes are out of this world!!!) and then is turned over around 6pm. It is split in half. Half is the Steakhouse and the other is the Mexican. One thing I learned quickly is that ALL beef on this resort is tough; but the flavor is amazing, so I risked breaking a jawbone to eat it. They brought an appetizer plate with chicken wings (yum!), spicy peppers of some sort (I don't do spicy), some sausages, and some other snack food I'd never seen before. It was kind of along the lines of blackened hush puppies. For my entree, I ordered the Sirloin steak, medium well. It was done a little better than medium well, which I didn't mind, as I don't like raw meat. But, it was a little on the tough side...but scrumdiddiliumptious.  The 2nd al a carte we visited was the Mediteranean, or the seafood. This one was a little difficult as I didn't know what many of the items were on the menu, or didn't eat the ones I recognized. Somehow, our orders got messed up and we all received something we didn't order. My cousin was horrified because she doesn't eat much seafood for fear of illness and she was given the wrong entree'. I had what she was supposed to have. The deserts we ordered didn't come out and when we inquired about them, they were served cold. The 3rd a la carte was the Jade Japanese restaurant (although the menus said China on them). It was a hibatchi styled restaurant kind of like Beni Hana's. The cook was personable, but didn't put on as much of a show as Beni Hana's (or the guy who cooked for us at the Japanese restaurant at the Barcelo Punta Cana last year). The food was wonderful. The only complaints were of course, tough beef with yummy yummy flavor; and the fact that we were given menus and were trying to decide what to order when in this particular restaurant, the menu was more or less a guide as to all the things that would be served for dinner that evening. Some of the appetizers were served buffet style. We were all given sushi even though no one ordered it. My best friend who is a seasoned sushi eater cautioned us not to eat it, as she said it was not fresh. After dinner we were offered Sake and Mamajuana.  We ate most of our other meals at the buffet restaurant on the Cocotal Side. I'm a very picky eater, and while I can't say that the food on this buffet was 4 stars (and sometimes not 3), I didn't starve. I was always able to find something to eat. Often times, more work went into the presentation of the buffet than the flavor of the food. Don't go expecting REAL fruit juice because you won't find it here. This was also my experience at the Barcelo Punta Cana last year. They serve a fruit juice substitute called Frutal. The orange juice tastes more like Tang orange drink. They use it to make drinks also, so your drinks may have a funny taste to them. The service at the buffet, however was excellent. Our drinks were rarely empty long. And on the last night, our server greeted us and then looked at me: vino blanco y sprite? Correct? I laughed because that's what I always got at dinner. Then she looked at my best friend, Sprite for you. And then at my cousin sprite no ice for you. We laughed so hard and told her she was right. When she left I told my cousin and best friend, That's the type of thing that makes me never want to go home.  Bars We didn't frequent the main bars in the lobby area much. We only got a drink there when we were passing through. We visited the beach bar quite a bit (the guys there knew my order by heart also), as well as the bar inside the snack bar, the bars by the theatre, and the bar inside the Discotecque. The service always included smiles and conversation. They tried very had to speak English, as we tried hard to speak Spanish. And somewhere in the middle, communication took place. If you don't like strong drinks, beware of the pool bars...especially the one on the Tropical side. The lady there made the drinks very strong! But if you're trying to party quickly, that's definitely the place to go. Unfortunately, the water in the pool near that bar is very very warm because of the shallow waters nearby being heated by the sun (and I shudder to think of the obvious...drunken people too lazy to get out of the pool). It was pretty uncomfortable.  Beach and Pools The beach was nice, but I have to say that I've seen better (and worse) in the DR. The sand here is more of a golden color, rather than the white sands I've seen on other beaches there. Therefore, it gets extremely hot and holds heat. For long walks on that sand, water shoes or flip flops are appropriate. The resort seemed like it was only at 60% capacity when we were there. Therefore, it was always possible to find a lounge chair on the beach or at the pool. Palapas were a little harder to come by. I wasn't getting up at the butt-crack of dawn to go out and reserve a seat. That's too much like Preschool. I'm on vacation and part of that is being able to sleep in. My last day on the beach, I found a nice shaded area under some lower palm trees. If you like nice, quiet beach time, opt for lounging out closer to the Watersports center, or on the Tropical side. The Animacion team runs activities between both the pool areas and the beach. This includes loud music, high energy activities, and loud talking and laughing. It doesn't bother me and provided much entertainment. It wouldn't be for the quiet set, though.  Grounds The grounds were beautiful, but not flawless. Many other reviewers commented on how things were beautiful from far away, but needing repair when you looked up close (and even took and submitted pictures). I think some of these folks must be resort inspectors in their occupations and need to remember that they are now on vacation. Let it go! The grassy areas were a little dry and not as green as I'd seen in the pictures, but I'd heard that the DR is in the middle of a drought when I was there...no rain during their rainy season (I only saw rain one evening while we were there for 8 days). The flowers on the resort were absolutely beautiful. The grounds and buildings were spotless, as we never saw any trash or anything laying around. The only complaint I would have is the people who smoke on the beach, but are too lazy to properly dispose of their cigarette butts. All they'd have to do is put them in a cup. A resort staff member comes by regularly to pick up cups and trash and things. It's just sheer laziness and apathy on the part of some hotel guests.  Activities and Entertainment We didn't really participate in any of the beach or pool activities with the Animacion team (merengue dance lessons, beach and pool aerobicss, olympic games, etc), other than when my friend competed for Miss Bikini 2008 (She was robbed!!!). I will caution parents of young children that sometimes the entertainment can become a bit advanced sexually for small children. I've learned that there is a certain level of sexual freedom in Dominican culture that is not so in the U.S.A. Many things are taboo here that are openly displayed and discussed there, i.e. sexually suggestive dancing, and sexual jokes.  We caught the tail end of some of the evening shows in the outdoor theatre (if you booked dinner in an a la carte around 8:00pm, you will most likely miss most of the theatre show). The shows can be very silly at one point, and then show off the amazing dancing talent of the performers in the next scene. Of the silly side is a performer by the name of Spaghetti. The little kids seemed to love him and flock to him. But he seemed to provide comic relief to many of the shows. The Animacion team did a rendition of the popular movie Dirty Dancing. It was pretty good--many of the dance sequences had a latin flavor and the coreography was amazing. After many of the theatre shows, the Sirenis Band would perform live merengue and bachata off to the side of the theatre. The members of the Animacion team grab people from the audience and invite them to dance. One evening they had karaoke and I had the opporunity to sing Unbreak my Heart by Toni Braxton. They had a pretty good selection of songs and I saw folks singing songs in English and Spanish. They were going to have a talent show the night we left and many of the Animacion team members were trying to get me to participate. I hated that we had to leave and I couldn't.  The discotecque on the resort does not open until 11:00pm. It closes around 2:30am. It was hard for us to stay awake that long waiting for the disco to open (and we actually fell asleep the first night, as we had been up more than 24 hours). And then once you get into the groove, it closes. After the disco, be sure to go to the buffet on the Cocotal side. They have food available and they guy in there serving gets pretty lonely. He begged my cousin to stay and talk to him because he said he never sees people.  Tours We did two main excursions. The first was the Bavaro Runners. AWESOME! AWESOME! AWESOME!!! Our tourguide was Mimi and he was very knowledgeable of Dominican people and culture. We learned so much from him! We were picked up at our resort on an open air bus and taken to a ranch for horseback riding. We only rode for 15 minutes, but that was enough, as we are not experienced riders who sit correctly. It was an easy ride and we weren't sore afterward. We left there and drove through the countryside to a typical Domincan home which also functions as a ranch where they were picking and grinding coffee beans and cacao beans. We sampled caribbean fruits, coffee, and mamajuana. The mamajuana there had been marinating for 3 years and was much tastier and smoother than what they serve at the resorts. We then visited an elementary school. We got to see a 4th/5th grade split class. We took pictures with the kids and left school supplies we'd brought over with us with the teacher. Mimi cautioned us not to leave too much with the kids at the school because Bavaro Runners sponsors the schools they take tourist to. They only go to each school one day out of the week so as not to disrupt the learning process. He told us to give the majority of our things to the children back in the countryside. We went back into the country side and when kids would run behind the bus asking for things, we would stop and give them snacks, candy, and school supplies we'd brought with us. We stopped at a ranch for lunch. The food was Dominican cuisine and EXCELLENT!!! That was one of the best meals I had the whole week. We left there and went to Macao beach. It was the most beautiful beach I'd ever seen. None of the resorts that I've stayed at had a beachfront like this. However, there are vendors and begging children on that beach to beware of. The children there don't want candy or school supplies. They want MONEY. And only MONEY!!! One little boy tried to sell my cousin fruit. When she said no and offered him a stick of gum, he got an attitude, snatched his fruit from her and walked away...with the gum. We're on vacation. We laughed about it. The 2nd excursion we did was the Saona Island excursion. I have to mention that the Sirenis is very remote (far north) and so every place you go is a 40 minute to 1 hour and 15 minute ride. We essentially had to ride a bus an hour and 15 minutes to the marina in LaRomana (right across from the Sunscape Casa del Mar resort). Once we arrived there, we took an hour catamaran to the island. There was drinking and dancing on the catamaran and the views were amazing. When we arrived at the island, we could smell lunch cooking and were told it would be ready in about 20 minutes. You WILL NEED water shoes. The beach on the island is absolutely beautiful, but is not what it seems. Entry into the water is rocky...lots of sharp piece of coral to step on. Once in the water, it doesn't get much better...large pieces of rock and coral to stumble over and seaweed. My water shoes solved all of those problems when I wore them the 2nd time in the water. Lunch was served and then they offered beach volleyball, dancing, massages (for a price), and roaming vendors. We took a 45 minute speed boat ride back to the marina. Next time, I'll sit in the back, rather than the front as it was painfully bumpy at high speeds.  I'm not sure if you can call this an excursion, but we booked the Imagine Discotecque through Claudio, the Manati Park rep. Imagine disco used to be the Tropicana disco last year. It's now under new management with a new theme. It is actually down in a real, live cave which makes it an amazing experience. We paid $50 per person. This included the taxi to and from the disco (the cab ride one way alone is normally about $60 one way), the cover charge, 3 free drink chips (drinks are valued at $8 each...more about that in a moment), and you are able to return as many times nights as you want during your stay in Punta Cana. We went two nights. The first time was on a Tuesday night. It was nice, but only one of the 3 dance floors was open. We went again on Friday night and it was packed full of people. All three dance floors were open. There was even a guy named Georgie who did a fire show where he spit fire. Amazing! Just a word of caution...if you are homophobic, Imagine might not be the place for you. Some of the staff members and locals there were openly gay. If that makes you uncomfortable, you may want to think seriously before booking this disco. We, however, had a blast! The staff dancers who are charged with engaging the guests to dance were wonderful and so much fun! We went to a fast food restaurant off the resort the next day and one of the dancers who recognized my cousin from the night before walked in and yelled her name out before giving her a huge hug. Beware of the water at the disco. When I said earlier that ALL drinks are $8, I wasn't exaggerating. I walked up and asked for some ice water. The bar tender got a glass, put in ice and opened up a bottle of dasani and poured in what was left in that bottle, filling my glass. He told me $8. All of a sudden, my Spanish got really good because I clearly told him I wasn't paying him $8 for some water. It didn't even have liquor in it, nor was it the entire bottle of water. So he handed me a full, unopened bottle of Dasani and said $8. I told him again that I was NOT paying him $8 for some water and that he could keep it. He called over one of his supervisors who asked me what the problem was. He spoke a little English and so I explained to him that I was being charged $8 for a bottle of water. Paying $1 or even $2 for a bottle of water is understandable, but not $8. That's crazy! He explained to me that ALL drinks in the disco are $8. And $8 for some water is crazy because the owner is crazy. He then gave me the water, free of charge. Departure and Check Out We had to meet our transfer to the airport at 7:30am. After an entire night of partying and hanging out with friends we'd made throughout the week, we didn't get much sleep before checking out. Check out went smoothly and the only charges we had on the room were for a few local phone calls. We were not made to pay the $20 departure tax on our way out of the country. Nor did we pay it last year. We thought we snuck out last year because we'd missed our transfer and caught a ride on a bus full of Canadians. Since I've read that most Canadias pay the departure tax when they book, I thought maybe they thought we were Canadian also and expected that we'd already paid. Our plane actually left early and we arrived in detroit almost 45 minutes before scheduled.  Conclusion All in all, I would definitely return to the Sirenis Punta Cana. It was amazing that we made so many friends (both locals AND tourists) in the week that we were there. We knew people by name and they knew us. The staff members did a wonderful job of greeting us and other guests by name. We even exchanged contact info with some staff members and other tourists with the intentions of keeping in touch. The average food is well worth overlooking because the service was amazing. We even had customer service call our room half way through our stay and ask how everything was....the only complaint was that the #7 button on our phone did not work (and it wasn't worth complaining over because I could just call the operator and have him or her dial the number I needed). They sent over a new phone. Each day we tipped our maid $3-4US, some school supplies, snacks, candy, and some make-up or toiletry items we'd brought with us from the States (my cousin had made a male friend last year who thought the smell of her Lever2000 soap was out of this world, so she brough some travel size bars to give away). This was a wonderful vacation at a wonderful esort staffed by wonderful people and visited by many wonderful guests. I hated to board my return flight. Vacation is only what you make it. If you go in with the attitude that I'm going to paradise and nothing is going to ruin that for me, you'll leaving having had a wonder vacation experience. If anyone has any further questions about my trip to the Sirenis Punta Cana Resort or any of my past trips (Barcelo Punta Cana--Aug 2007 and Riu Naiboa--Feb 2005), or excursions please feel free to email me at ashton_morgan2002@yahoo.com.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	1	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bubs_and_Tommy
<Content>Didn't want to leave!       The gorgeous beach  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>grass07
<Content>Nice but better places to stay Just got back on august 10, 2008. The rooms were clean but some minor problems were never corrected, which is par for most Dominican resorts we have stayed at.The sit down restaurants were great, great service, great food. The buffet had limited selection but was passable. The workers were friendly. The only problem was that on the weekends the resorts allow the locals to use the resort, which is nice but..... The locals are rude, arrogant, and loud. If you want a drink at the swim-up bar forget it, it is taken over by the locals and they will not move. During the week the bar tenders are very nice but when the resort is taken over by the locals they will not speak English nor will they wait on you serving the locals instead. The locals just let their children run rampant. They have no controll over them or can not be bothered. The children scream at the topof their lungs, run about as if on drugs, literally fight, we saw several fights between children, throw the furniture in the pool, and run everyone away. On Saturday and Sunday by early afternoon we were the only foreigners in the pool and we left by 2 pm. It is terrible, it ruined our vacation, we have stayed in numerous other resorts and have never run into this. We will not stay at Sirenis again.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>malagashamrock
<Content>No drink after midnight and before midnight drink with rats running around We arrived at the hotel looking forward to checking in after the long journey from the airport,the hotel is in the middle of nowhere.The room was very small and not five star standard,we asked to be changed and they wanted us to pay for an upgrade but since we paid 3,000 euro to travel from Spain I said no but I still wanted a better room.We then were moved to an acceptable room in I block by the beach.Still not 5 star.We have been to dominican four times within a year and was very suprised to find the bars that are open at night situated in the hotel reception.By 11.15 the overhead fans were turned off and most nights by midnight the bar was closed and the prevoius tips given meant nothing.It was incredibely hot ,cloth stuck to you,normally in other hotels you would be sat in a beach bar watching the waves roll in,not here all we watched was rats running around the bar and reception.We have travelled the dominican extensively, hire a car and drive about and nowhere else have we seen rats.We asked to get moved hotel and all was well we had a great second week,when waiting on our rep to make the moving arrangements,they had a visit from the health inspectors so I dont think we were the only ones to notice the ratsTo sum up save the disapointment get a different hotel and have the fun holiday you deserve and payed forLorraine  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	3	5	2	

<Author>zimms68
<Content>An amazing holiday - amazing staff and hotel       Really friendly staff  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>JuliaAnderson
<Content>Our best holidays me, my husband and our 2 friends stayed in Sirenis Cocotal two weeks in May. It was our best holiday ever - beautyfull resort, excellent food, nice anf frendly people. I can't tell one bad thing! Recomend to everybody!!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tropicslover16
<Content>LOVED this resort!! Date: June 29-July 6, 2008My son and daughter ages 20 and 16 respectively, accompanied me to this fabulous resort. I had read some frightening reviews and was kind of worried about what to expect. My first impression was that this is a lovely resort. The only problem we encountered was that while the electric voltage is the same as in the States, I needed an adaptor because my plugs would not fit the receptacle. Not to worryl....the folk at the front desk were able to help me. Gave me the adaptor that I needed and all was well again!! Everyone at the resort was great and accomodating. We enjoyed the International Buffet and the ala Carte restaurants at which we dined. The Jade restaurantwas our favorite. We also walked down the beach approximately 20 minutes to a beach with WAVES!!We really enjoyed ourselves and made friends with folkfrom Canada. The beach has an oasis - like area whereyou can get a lounge chair in a grove of palms, plenty of shade and beauty! The evening entertainment was lots of fun.This was my 5th trip to the Dominican Republic and I would rateit as the best!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Michiganchic
<Content>Had fun @ Sirenis My bf and I just returned from our trip to DR at Sirenis resort and we really enjoyed ourselves. Everyone was right about the trip from the airport to the hotel. Very bumpy and scarey! They drive soo crazy down there!As for the hotel overall it was very nice. The compound is very well kept. Someones out there everyday trimming trees and keeping everything clean! When we 1st arrived there we had to wait an hr. for our room. We were told we'd have a king bed. When we got to our room there were 2 full beds instead.But we did have a nice view of the beach  ocean so we didn't complain. We booked with apple vacations so our trip included free room service and free safe box in room. The a la carte restaurants were pretty good. The steak at the steakhouse was a lil rough though.The rooms were ok. When we 1st got there there were ants on the bed and ants on the counter in the bathroom. Beds are hard too. Other than that we were happy.The beach was very nice! We woke up early everyday to save a hut on the beach w/ our towels.The pool was big but was falling apart. the tiles were falling off the sides. They even taped off an area b/c part of the floor going up to the pool fell apart.Everynight they had shows which were fun to watch.We did 2 excursions too. We snorkled w/ sharks  stingrays. We also did the zip lines which were awsome!Overall our trip was fun! Staff were very nice and grounds very beautiful. Hopefully this review helps some of you out there.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>ATeacherinIL
<Content>More Than Expected I just returned from a relaxing vacation at the Sirenis Cocotal resort in Punta Cana. When my husband and I booked this trip through Apple Vacations, we saw that it was only rated a 4-apple out of a possible 6-apples; however, we decided to take our chances as we just couldn't pass up the price. We were very pleasantly surprised by what this resort had to offer. The ride from the airport (about an hour) was not nearly as bad as others described it; maybe we just knew what to expect from our other trips to countries like this one. Though it is a much larger resort than any we have stayed at before, the resort itself is beautiful and very well-maintained. The staff there is unbelievably helpful and friendly. We actually received a phone call every evening of our stay from a staff member asking if there was anything we needed or if we had any complaints. We had nothing to complain about. The room was kept impeccably clean and we had anything we needed practically at our fingertips. We really enjoyed the spacious beach space and the abundance of beach chairs available. We certainly were not going to get up early to reserve a spot, and yet by the time we made it to the beach (11am), there were still plenty to go around--in the sun or in the shade. The pool is huge, so it was rare that it felt crowded.Except at the pool bars during the busy afternoons, we never had to wait on drinks. We were always served promptly and by a friendly worker. We also really liked that there was always some type of food or snack available at any given time of the day, which is very different from other all-inclusive resorts we have been to. We only made it in time for breakfast once, but we didn't have to worry because we could head to the crepe/snack place by the pool for a late morning snack.We had no problem making reservations for the restaurants in the evenings; you just had to remember to make your reservations at least a day in advance. We ate at the SteakHouse, which was good, the Mexican restaurant, which was great, and the Italian restaurant, which was excellent. The buffets had plenty of choices at lunch and dinner that we never left without feeling full. The shops at the resort offer any necessities a person might have forgotten or run out of. And if you have the desire to barter for goods to bring home, a walk along the beach right past the resort's boundaries offered an array of gift shops to purchase from. Overall, we would definitely recommend this resort and we would definitely return to this resort again for a future vacation. We would actually rate this resort as a 5 1/2 out of 6, instead of the 4 it currently has.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>demvaril
<Content>Fantastic Holiday       Lush clean beaches  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gio11111
<Content>Great time at the Sirenis !       Beach  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	3	5	4	

<Author>TracybigT
<Content>had a amazing time, Great hotel! Ill keep it short  sweet!Just came back from a short week at the cocotal hotel in the dom rep, Uvero Alto! The hotel was amazing! Clean rooms, beautiful location, large (heated) pool! Right on a beautiful beach! The food excellent  loads of choice! Who ever complains about the food need there heads testing!!! Catalona trip amazing  value for money!!!The only complaint I have was dont go for a week its not enough for the distance!! Especially when it rains!! Boy does it rain!! So we only got 3 days of sunshine.The biggest genuine complaint was the ENTRANCE FEE at the airport that I was told was included in the holiday!! EVERYONE has to pay it $10 dollars each entry  $20 exit!! Other than that Id 100% reommend this hotel!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Sponge_Rider
<Content>Nice, but... something missing... Arrival and Flight :AA flight landed a bit late due to weather- torrential downpours and T鈥橲torms. This may have affected the baggage handling as we waited over an hour until our bags came out. Once out, the Apple Guy found us and sent us to the right bus. Waited for another group to show and we left. We were the only ones going to Sirenis while the others went to Dreams. Check in and Room:Since we were the only ones checking in, no lines and a drink was in our hands before we even got to the counter. As I mentioned in a post on the forum, we had originally tried to book the Tropical suites side but wound up with a regular room on the Cocotal side- we got that straightened out by upgrading to a Junior Suite at the Cocotal before hand. We get to the desk and we are done in less than 5 minutes. Keys, towel cards, Reservation sheet for restaurants, etc. We were assigned Rm M106... On the Tropical side, overlooking the pool and ocean with a nice breeze. The room is serviceable, if not all that large. Fridge was stocked with soda, water and Quesqueya Beer, not Presidente. Fine, it was cold鈥sh. Iron and Ironing board in closet of the Junior Suites.A/C in the room was anemic at best- especially during the day. It was on, just didn鈥檛 seem to work very well. At night the Bedroom had a fan and the combination was fine. Bathroom was a fine size, plenty of room. The silly 4 headed shower wall thing put water everywhere if you didn鈥檛 pay attention- so that鈥檚 something they could have skipped. I used the regular hand held spout from the holder. Plenty hot or cold as you wished. Bathroom also stocked with bottled water, shampoos, gels along with a hair dryer. Grounds :Well kept and neat except for the occasional snake in the grass over by The Spa. Lots of 鈥淕reen Shirts鈥?around taking care of the plantings and trees. BUT- they start VERY early. 6:45 am I could watch them spraying with those gas powered bug gassers around the Cocotal side, very near to balconies so I think there were a few folks who didn鈥檛 get all the sleep they thought. Beach and Pools:Fairly spectacular by any measure, Pool had 4 distinct sections with a shallow ramped ends on either side with the deeper sections in between. The beach is fairly wide with beautiful golden sand, raked every morning, btw. The beach is divided into 3 or 4 sections for swimming, non-motor, and motorized activities. Coral outcrops close to shore make for the interesting dappled color of the water, this also kept fish very near to shore that could be observed while snorkeling and even fed with some bread from the buffet. Be aware the DR is fairly well known for its sea urchin population and one small outcrop is LOADED with them, so climbing and jumping off is not advised. The sea is very calm even on days when the surf was breaking fairly large on the barrier reef 100-200yds/meters offshore. Walking east along the beach, be aware that some urchins may wash into the tide line and be stranded- don鈥檛 pick them up or try and kick them back. Sea Urchins stingers have barbed ends and create pain as if the area is on fire. Since capacity was less than 50%, no issues with palapas around the beach or pool. Empty ones were still available on the beach at 10 or 11 am. Restaurants and Food:Overall, I鈥檇 give a 鈥渇air鈥?assessment to the food at the Buffets. Some was excellent (mostly desserts) and other items were dull and lacked flair. The carve station usually had the best- the Pork and Mare fish were the winners of the week. A veggie and kids section were well received it seemed. None was bad and no intestinal issues all week. Some repetition was observed so a stay longer than 7-10 days would likely be a bit much. We visited 2 A la cartes- the Italian and the Steakhouse. The Italian was stunning in its d茅cor but the food was no better than the buffet selection. Average at best. The Steakhouse was head and shoulders above the Italian. Appetizers were delicious, the steak was perfectly done, and the service was prompt without being rushed. Activities, etc鈥?Plenty of options, from onsite excursion bookings (CASH ONLY) (Tour rep excursions take credit cards). Animation activities near the pool and beach bar area on the Cocotal side. Shopping area a bit scrawny, with only 2 or 3 shops open on each side. Maybe the new shopping center down the road took the business since it might be cheaper to taxi there than pay the ransom type prices on site. Mary took a relaxation message at the Spa and said it was very well done and came back a bit wobbly, so I guess she enjoyed it. Checkout and Departure:No trouble- we took care of any room charges (The Spa is billed to your room, no cash or charge cards taken), just double check any conversion they do. Bus arrived on time and made one stop at Dreams for the crew we dropped off the week before and on to the airport. First 15 minutes and the last 20 minutes are fine, but that middle half hour is a real doozy- especially when you can look out the windows and see the new road right of way being worked on. Lines at the Airport were pretty long, but did move at a reasonable pace and, for the first time, the power stayed on the whole time. Impressions and Conclusion:During our stay the Tropical side buffet and Beach restaurant were under renovations and closed, but as stated above, capacity was easily less than 50% and there were no issues with crowding. This is a very nice secluded resort, favored by Europeans and especially Weekenders. And therein lies the problem. Day Trippers and Weekenders (not necessarily locals) were especially rude and obnoxious. Basically taking over the beach hut bar, pool and swim up bar on the Cocotal side and making others feel uncomfortable. Things quieted down by Tuesday, but ramped up again on Friday. This was of little issue to us, since we were at the beach on the Tropical side, but others we spoke to felt like there could have been more control of the situation. The buffet was also a victim with jumping lines and rude behavior. A NOTICEABLE increase in security on Friday night seemed to show that the hotel is aware of this and was taking some action to contain any situation. Were we generally satisfied with our visit? Yes, it was a good value for the price paid. Would we return? No. There was that certain 鈥榮omething鈥?missing that we have found at other resorts. The staff was friendly, helpful, even helping me with my bad High school Spanish when I mixed up some grammar. The Apple perks were well received (Free safe, Free room-service, and preselecting alacartes after checkin.) as well. The Apple Rep however, was basically invisible. Only on duty one hour a day between 4-5pm so it was tough to coordinate since some of those days they are out on the orientation meetings. The one gentleman I dealt with to book the Outback Safari was pleasant and very helpful deciding on which one to book. The other young lady later in the week was not exactly the picture of hospitality to put it kindly. The overall atmosphere was missing that certain something to make an even better experience. This was our 4th trip to The Dom. Rep. so we have experience with the format but this one just didn鈥檛 have 鈥渋t鈥? At least this time around. At best- a 3 out of 5 for this one.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>BrucieToronto
<Content>Why do so many people complain?       Beach  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TorontoBoyTraveler
<Content>Good Value For Money Spent!!!!       View From Room  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>CostaGirlToronto
<Content>Not 5 STAR! I guess it really depends on what kind of holidays you are used to taking as to whether you would be impressed with this hotel or not. As a Canadian I can say that a 5 star down there is no where near what a 5 star hotel offers in North America. There wasn't even a clock in my room!I did not like the Serenis Cocotal - the food was terrible in the buffet and at the specialty restaurants. I didn't find the service remarkable, too many staff in fact. The spa was a huge disappointment and again, standards are not the same. The room was smelly and dated and the fresh flowers they sprinkled on your bed only attracted lines of ants throughout the day. The patio door locks if you close it from the outside - the shower had been hilariously updated with jets installed as well as the shower head - considering there is only a wall and a shower curtain you can imagine where all the water went when you put the jets on - hit the back wall of the shower and then flooded the floor each time - what are these people thinking? There was construction by the pool for most of the trip - pretty annoying when you are paying for a relaxing holiday and have to listen to jack hammers 10 feet away.If you want a cheap get away - sure book it - but don't expect too much!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>1	3	2	1	2	3	2	3	

<Author>KEB76
<Content>so-so trip, not horrible but somewhat of a let down This was my first time in the Dominican, and I chose this hotel based on the good reviews posted on TA. All in all, it was a decent trip. Since I only travel like this once every few years I was really hoping for something better though. The trip to the airport was very long (over an hour) but that was probably because we were in a small van that didn't seem to go above 40 mph. I had read that the ride was very bumpy so wasn't surprised when it proved to be just that.Check in was very quick (arrived around 4 pm) and the staff was very friendly. The room was clean and fairly big for the two of us. Balcony faced the pool, which was nice. Since we were with Apple Vacations, we were told the room safe would be free (no deposit, not sure if that's standard) and room service was also free. Air conditioner didn't seem to be on 'full blast', but it was comfortable once you were in the room for a bit. Fridge was stocked with beer, pop and water. The beach was very nice, we didn't have any problems getting a good spot. One thing I noticed about the resort overall was how 'un-crowded' it was the whole time we were there. I'm assuming this is because it was off season, but if we were looking for a hopping good time with a large crowd I would have been disappointed. Luckily, we didn't mind the fact that there weren't many people milling around. The food was pretty bad. Not bad in a make-you-sick way but I found it very hard to find things to eat. I ate veggies and carbs most of the time. My boyfriend said the seafood was awesome, but unless the food had a sign telling you what it was, we didn't eat it - the onion rings turned out the be fried squid :). The buffet was really only good at breakfast. We stayed away from drinking tap water, just didn't feel like chancing it. My big annoyance was that it was very hard to get something to after lunch time, until 7 when the buffet opened up. There is a snack bar open most of the day, but the only options are hamburgers/hot dogs and fries - all of which looked like they had been sitting out most of the day. And who really wants to eat fries all day long.We ate at the Japanese and Italian ala cartes. Japanese was a let down - we've been to many Japanese steak houses where the chef prepares the food in front of you and so were expecting to be somewhat entertained. The chef had no interaction with the table. The food was SMOTHERED with salt and soy sauce - so it all tasted pretty bad. They were good with refilling the wine though. The Italian place was much better. At one point, we ordered room service b/c there were no other options to eat and it was the best meal we had the whole trip. Huge portions and the food was good and hot. Only problem was trying to get someone to come and get the dirty dishes and leftovers. That request seemed to be very difficult to translate (I was this close to drawing a picture).We went on the Splash excursion - which allowed us to drive our own speed boats out into the ocean to a platform, which we dove off of and went snorkeling. The guides were super nice and helpful. The cost was only around $65 per person and it was well worth the trip. Only issue was the hour long bus ride to and from the place - which was almost the same route as the airport trip.The weather was awesome, even though the forecast was 40% chance of precipiation. We saw no rain the whole time we were there. Didn't go in the pool (opted for the ocean) or the disco, but did go to the casino. Very small and we were the only ones there both days we went. I played roulette and cleaned up, the BF played black jack and should have won, had it not been for the weird 'Dominican Rep black jack rules' that he had never heard of but had to follow. Staff looked mean and bored, maybe it's b/c I was winning a lot. Overall, the staff was very friendly and most understood English. A big win with the weather and the grounds, a big loss with the food. Drinks were also very good and free-flowing. I would definitely go back to Punta Cana, but would go to a different resort.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>billyho
<Content>I feel like I have been lied to... This hotel was not horrible, but I have had better times in the Dominican so I would have to say I would not go back. Airport Drive: It was long and bumpy. It appears that they are making a new highway which looks great but it would be at least a year before you can take it the full way. Well two years Dominican time.Check-in: I have to admit it was smooth but since we checked in around 10:30 at night I would not have expected any less. The real test is usually a 12 noon check-in when you have people coming in and the staff have not yet had a chance to flip the rooms. The bellboy was a little rude so feel free to take your own bag to your room, its really not far and it saves you having to wait for your bags to show up (took about 15 minutes).Beach: As you may have heard Punta Cana has some of the best beaches in the world, too bad they are on the Caribbean side and this hotel is located on the Atlantic. Not to say this beach was bad but I have been spoiled, I have stayed on the Caribbean side and much preferred the white beach and crystal blue waters.Pool: At first look this is a great pool. The pool is very big and has a deeper end (plus 7 feet) and a shallow end for the kids. The two hotels share the one pool and you have access to two swim up bars (beware the water gets uncharacteristically warm when you get near the bar 飦?. On closer inspection of the pools you will find that the grout is really dirty and there were a couple pot lights hanging by the wires under water. I doubt it was electrical hazard but I saw two people get cut by them and it was still not fixed at the end of our trip)Grounds: The grounds were great. The foliage and walkways were kept very neat and the staff worked hard at maintaining everything. They even had the lawnmower running at 6am outside my room鈥ucky I wake up early.Food: To put it mildly the food was not good. For fear of getting bashed I would even say it was bad at times. To give some background I have been to Dominican three times and this is my second trip to Punta Cana, I have also traveled to Cuba 4 times, and I would say this was the worst food I had. This is not to say that it tasted horrible, it just was not good. Aside from breakfast it was not enjoyable. Of the last eight trips I was able to find something enjoyable. The A-la-carts were not very good. I am not sure what everyone was seeing but I watched people walk out after the appy鈥檚. Maybe the food was not made for my Canadian palate, I like taste and being able to swallow my food without having to chew it for 2 minutes. Dominican has some great local dishes why did they serve bad nachos, bad burger, bad hot dogs, good fries鈥?Also food is served at odd times. If you want to eat between 4:30 at 7pm all you can eat is nachos and finger foods from earlier in the day. They do not open the buffet until 7.Mosquito鈥檚: Not sure what time of year they come out but I personally can go camping in Canada鈥檚 northern regions and come out with only a couple bites, I came home with 15 bites and these are hungry little things. Be careful at the airport on the way home, spray the bug spray there too鈥?br/>Disco: Rather dead the couple times I visited, minus a few elderly ladies enjoying the affections of the Animation staff. The DJ plays everything and its funny to hear a song stop, quite pause and the next song start鈥 guess they have not trained their DJ on a mix.Animation: they were nice enough. I went to a couple of shows and kinda laughed because they were fairly bad. Yet I have seen worse so I cant complain.Excursion: See this is a tough one. Since we are so far away from everything excursions take some time to get there and that kinda dampens the spirit. We did the James Bond boat trip and we were told 20 minute drive, well I guess that was Dominican time as it really took over an hour and that was with our overly aggressive driver. The ride was fun but 20 minutes would have been better.Prices at the market: in case you want to know I bought a bottle of Brugal for $10 a bottle ($20 at the airport), bought a pack of 10 cigarellos for $10 (little expensive, do not buy Cuban cigars at the market, Dominicans cant get real cuban cigars), magnets for $2 ($8-10 at the airport).  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	1	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>debram1958
<Content>Had an excellant holiday Just returned from 2 glorious weeks at Sirenis Cocotal in Uvero Alto Dom Rep. Self and husband aged 50 and 45 respectively flew from Manchester on 1 May with Thomas Cook. Transfer to hotel from Punta Cana airport is approx 90 mins on road full of potholes and atrocious driving but an interesting journey! Upon arrival at hotel very slick check in and a welcome cocktail. We were given Room I005 on Cocotal side, a great location overlooking pool and beach. We received fabulous service, good levels of cleanliness and the food and drink were marvellous. Our only one complaint would be that the locals are allowed access to the resort each weekend and completely take over the pool and pool bar area and are very very loud and rude. We just moved to the beach over the weekend and did not let their presence ruin our holiday. The evening entertainment included some very professional shows and of course karoke. We have fabulous weather very hot and sunny every day. We took a helicopter flight from the hotels own helipad down the coast and also went on a shopping trip to Bavaro which we enjoyed. We will be back!  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>sacabeans
<Content>Sirenis not as good as the reviews Before heading to Sirenis Cocotal, my boyfriend and I did our research and we heard nothing but good things about this resort. Maybe it was those reviews that made our expectations higher than usual, but we were both very disappointed with our stay. We got off to a bad start during check-in when our bellboy was very rude and yelled at me because I was walking away from our room instead of waiting there for him. My boyfriend was the one waiting....it felt like he was ensuring someone would be there so that he could get a tip. The rooms were ok. The maid was very good to us, but the bathtub was rusting and the beds were small and very uncomfortable. The resort is very big, so depending on which building you're in....it could be a lot of walking. The bar at the lobby was nice, there were three bartenders, but after ordering my drink, I didn't get one until 10 minutes later when the bartender who took my order saw me go over to another one because I had been waiting for so long.The food was absolutely horrid. Let me make this clear, I am not a picky eater by any means...but the food was just not appetizing at all. I found it very difficult to find something to eat at the buffet everyday. We pretty much ate french fries our whole time. And the BBQ chicken by the beach at lunch which was the only decent food. The a la cartes were not as wonderful as everyone has said. The Jade 'Japanese' restaurant was terrible. The food was overcooked and tasted the same...it was covered in syrupy soy sauce of some sort. The 'Mexican' restaurant was just as bad. The portions were small and the selection was limited. As well, they close the buffets during certain hours so you cannot get food until 1pm for lunch or after 7pm or dinner.(there is fries at the beach but really you want dinner at 6pm not fries).We went May 01-May 08 and it is labour day in the Dominican. We were unaware that resorts will let locals come to the resort for the weekend. It made it very difficult to order drinks and get food as the locals were always served first.The service was decent. I suppose they did a good job, but do not expect a friendly smile or hola from a lot of them. The resort itself if very nice and well kept, but when you take a closer look, little things are falling apart. The pool tiles were dirty, the pot lights in the pool were hanging out. We actually saw two people cut themselves but at the end of the week they were still broken.All in all, it was an ok trip....but please do not believe all the good reviews or you will be very disappointed.  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	1	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>Noemi_7
<Content>Loved the Sirenis!! I was skeptical about this hotel when I saw the bad reviews that some other visitors made but after visiting this beautiful hotel I needed to describe my experience here. It was very gratifying and I am very pleased that I selected this hotel. The hotel is about 1 hour from the airport and away from the other hotels of Punta Cana. The grounds of this hotel are gorgeous and the staff very friendly and always willing to please you. I had an appointment with the spa for a massage and facial and it was excellent, the best massage I ever had. The entourage to entertain was great, I laughed with this people so much. I didn't have any trouble getting lounge chairs in the pool or at the beach. I had dinner one night at the italian restaurant and the food was very good. In overall I had a great experience and I would definitely will visit this hotel again.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Bridget2735
<Content>LOVED IT! April 27-May 4, 2008 This resort is just awesome. It was our first trip down south and we went based on recommendation from another couple we know. We were not disappointed.The grounds are fantastic, the beach is amazing. The food was OUTSTANDING. We own resutarants back in Nova Scotia and we know how picky some people can be, and I have to tell you that I have aboslutely NO IDEA how anyone could ever complain about the food at this resort. There is something for everyone all the time. It is simply fantastic. The trip from the airport to the resort was only about 40 minutes and the road was not as bumpy as I expected based on the reviews I read. There is lots to see in the countryside on the way to the resort and you do not feel the 40 minute trip. It goes by fast.The Entertainment team was AWESOME. Very nice guys. They do a GREAT job and only get paid $250 PER MONTH. Please tip them, They deserve it!Bring lots of American $1 bills with you for tipping. Give your waiter a $1 tip and he will treat you like gold. $1 is not a lot to us but it is a lot to them.If we go back to the Dominican, we will definitely be going to the resort again. There is no reason not to, it was that fantastic!Try this resort. You will not be disappointed.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>CANADAHOLLY
<Content>Awsome Trip       seating area to have a few drinks and socialize  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rhoerl
<Content>A positive experience       the beach  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jordash08
<Content>All You Need to Know About Sirenis Cocotal! So, my girlfriend and I ventured off to Punta Cana for our first vacation together. And I must say, Sirenis Cocotal turned out to be the perfect choice for our resort. Here's why:Upon arival into Punta Cana airport we retrieved our luggage, breezed through customs, and boarded a charter bus all with in 30 mins. The bus honestly was quite comfortable and was equiped with A/C. The ride is true, it is approx 60 mins to the resort on a slightly bumpy road, but there is a guide on the bus with you and he explained to us about the dominican culture, and all the pertinent information we would need to enjoy our trip.When we arrived to the Sirenis Cocotal we were immediately impressed. While we waited in line, a smiling waitress brought all of us a cocktail to sip on. It was quite tasty after that bus ride:)Now, this resort is massive!! There are approx 1200 rooms and they are all divided and spread thoughout the land. They are seperated into buildings and are identified by letter. I think it ranged from A to O or P maybe even more. and thats on both sides of the resort. (yes there are two sides to the resort. Tropical side, which are the suites, and Cocotal side, which are the basic rooms. We were in building D on the Cocotal side, which was awesome cause it was pretty much smack dab in the middle of everything.The rooms were very clean and they included a T.V., stocked fridge(no booze), a wall safe, blow dryer, 2 double or 1 king size bed, a balcony, room service, and of course A/C. Unfortunately the wall safe did require a $50 deposit and an $18 non refundable fee. But the fridge was restocked with water and pop everyday absolutely free:)Now, like I said, the grounds are massive, and it includes all the amenities you would expect from a great resort and then some! There is a casino, pool, spa/gym, tennis courts, 6 or 7 souvenir shops, a theater, a great disco, and we counted 13 bars, and 5 restaurants. Plus, a helicopter pad!The pool area is amazing, and it is quite large. There is two kiddie size pools, and one giant pool that winds around and between 2 restaurants, and 2 swim up bars. Loungers, tables, and huts are a plenty, so dont worry about not getting a good spot.If you get sick of the pool, walk 10 seconds and you are on the beautiful prestine beach. Which includes souvenir huts, kayaks, wind surfing, massage huts, and banana boats.As far as the food goes, it's the dominican so dont expect fine dining. The regular buffet was very good and it included something different every night. The 5 restaurants included are made up of a steak house, italian, japanese, mexican, and mediterranean. The italian was great, and we heard good things about the japanese, but we would not recommend the steak at the steak house, and we really disliked the mediterranean as well.Food is available 24/7 on this resort at either the lobby or pool side restaurant. While relaxing at the pool, and hunger suddenly strikes you, head in and grab some wicked nachos or an ice cream cone!I wont go into detail about the excursions available. Because I think its dependent on your tour representitive. Ours was Sunquest and they offered several different excursions. We only opted to go on two: Snorkling with the sharks and stingrays, and a catamaran tour. They were both amazing!! They provide nighly entertainment at the theater, and usually there was something going on at the pool during the day. The shows were terrific, never boring, and always had a little something for everyones taste such as games, dancing, and comedy.Now, just to be fair. I should mention some of the things we disliked. Again, the resort is massive. So you could look at it as a bad thing, or a good thing. Because it's so big, be prepared to do a lot of walking. We also didnt like the amount of families there. The sound of kids running around unattended can be a little distracting. But, it is tolerable. We found the Europeans to be a little rude. (no offense to anyone).We do recommend caution to those thinking about traveling here with kids due to abundance of top-less women on the beach, and the the fact that people can pretty much smoke anywhere they want.We can offer you some tips to help maximize your enjoyment, and this is all based on our own personal experience, NOT heresay.TIP EVERYONE!! -Leave $2 on your bed for the maid, and your room will be spotless everyday, and you'll come back to your room to a very nice surprise. -Slip the bartenders a buck or two, and you'll never wait to get served. -If you can, try and schedule your trip from january to april. As there are virtually no mosquitos!-Dont make any unecessary phone calls home. It is very expensive!-If you're canadian, convert your money to US $. The exchange rate down there sucks for canadians.Everyones preferences are different, but if you are common people like us, you'll have a blast! We will be returning annually to this very resort for our anniversary. Thats how much we loved it!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>dee_beba
<Content>Quite Impressed       Beach  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	3	4	5	2	3	

<Author>bucki95
<Content>Quite suprised 11 of us stayed at the Sirenis in Feburary and we all had a fantastic time. We were somewhat concerned with all the negative comments that were posted about the resort, but found that the property was very nice as were the employees.We stayed in I block which is closest to the pool and ocean and the rooms were nice. I wouldn't call them deluxe but very nice and the ceiling fan did a nice job of keeping it cool. The domestic beer is also quite good..a nice lager. The coctails were ok. Some were terrible and some were delicious-just depends what you like. The pool bar made anything you wanted and made it strong..a dollar tip helps and your glass will never be empty.2 negative aspects...the casino is very small with limited slot machines. If you really want to gamble, go to Vegas. The other annoying and disappointing thing is the restaurant reservations. We booked the Japanese through our Apple rep (who was a waste of time and who should be unemployed) and told that our reservation was for 6:30. When all 11 of us showed up, our name was nowhere to be found. Nothing could be done and all the restaurants were full. No openings were available for the next night either....what a crock!Also, make sure to visit the shops off the property on the edge of the beach. Very nice and hard working people. Roy (walks with a cane) has excellent merchandise and they also run deep sea fishing tours. The Apple rep could not get us a tour through them b/c they were all sold out for the 4 days we were there but the guys on the beach took all of us and we caught 6 fish and actually came in 1.5 hours early. It is also cheaper than the Apple fishing tours (they have to get their cut) and it takes about an hour to get to the dock....we left right from the hotel beach!The ride from the airport is long but the buffets were pretty good and no one got sick (other than some good sunburns). We got a very good deal and would definitely return again...if the price is right!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mercedesnani
<Content>A Relaxing and Beautifdul Vacation We just came back from Sirenis Cocotal. We booked our trip with Apple Vacations.We had a beautiful time.We arrived at the hotel at 12:30 and received the room within half an hour. the people at the front desk were very helpful and friendly especially Milton whom tried very hard to make our experience a great one.  The buffet was alright. None of us out of 8 got sick. There we were taken care of by Miriam (Muneca) and Antonio(Lindo). They were very attentive. lindo brought us chicken to the pool every day. The room was simple and very clean. They stacked the freezer,changed the towels and picked up the garbage twice a day. We were a little afraid of going because some reviews we read were not so good. Although, we ended up having a great time. We are planning to go back on August. Everybody there were just so friendly.  The only thing we disliked was that there was not any seperation of people who smoke from people who don't smoke.And we don't smoke. Otherwise we had a great time. If you are planning to go, don't hesitate one bit. You'll love it.PS: Its good to give a small tip to the employees because they work very hard and try their best to make you happy.A dollar goes a long way.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>punkinbickey
<Content>wonderful trip We stayed at Sirenis from March 15 thru March 22, to be honest we were slightly worried when we read the other reviews which stated that the lounge chairs were an issue. Never once did we have a problem getting a lounger and we usually got to the beach around 9:30-10:00 am. The stay was great, the staff was very helpful, rooms were clean, refridgerator stocked, the beach was fantastic, and the pools were great! There was plenty of food to pick from at the buffets, we ate at 3 of the gourmet restraunts and the Japanese was absolutley our favorite. They also had nightly entertainment that was good, we would go back in a heartbeat!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Qdoggy
<Content>Sirenis - Just what we expected! Just got back from the Sirenis Cocotal. We traveled from MSP from Mar.22-29.We had 11 people with us. Were 1 hour late departing MSP as we had to deice the plane so our arrival at the hotel was also late. The hotel staff were waiting for us when we arrived with a welcome drink in their hand. Some of our rooms were not available when we arrived and we were all not to happy with that as we were late. Rooms were all ready within an hour or so. We went with Apple vacations and the hotel knew you by the gold wrist band you wore. They even had a welcome cocktail party for Apple vacationers, the had drinks and hors de veres, and even came looking for us when we couldn't find when it was being held. Thought that was nice.Rooms were ok as said in some of the reviews we thought our air conditioner did not really keep the room as cool as we wanted but we just ran the fan every night. Lots of closet room and the bathroom were nice. Our toliet had to flushed 2 times everytime you used it but then it seemed to work. We were in building I 101. Has a view of the pool. We were kinda of upset when all 11 of us were in different buildings when we all booked together. and really early (Dec.2007).Found the buffet was good. We only ate 1 day at the beach as we found the food to be overcooked. So ate at the buffet at the beach everyday. Ate at the Steak,Seafood and Jade resturants, found the food was good at all 3 places.The guys that ran the games by the pool really worked hard. They made sure they'd stop and talk to all of us everyday in the BAT CAVE as we called our place in the shade.The swim up bar on the Cocotal side of the hotel seemed to make the drinks very strong. But if you showed them how much booze you wanted they would listen. Some in our party really never found a drink we really like. The Irish Creme they call Mollys was pretty good.As started in some of the other reviews the hotel is far away from everything so we all stayed there for the entire week, and by the end of the week some of us were bored.The entertainment was ok only went to 2 shows. But you could tell they worked very hard.This was me and my husbands 6th time to DR and would say this was about number 3,as we were at a Iberostar in LaRomana which was better. Also had been to Puerto Plata 3 times. With one stay at the Bahia San Juan which we thought was also better.All in all a good time was had by all and would recommend this resort.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>klove1111
<Content>Had a Great Time!! We stayed at Serenis from March 24-29th. The drive to the hotel was long so make sure you pack a chance of cool, comffy clothing. When we got there we were greeted with a cool drink and our belonging were brought to our room. The weather was hot and sunny the entire time. It never rained and there were no bugs. Get up early to get a spot at one of the shaded huts by the pool. I would even reccomend getting a new beach towel when you turns yours in for the evening and reserving your chair the night before. All of the employees work really hard to make sure you have a nice stay. The rooms were pretty average and very clean. I would reccomend brining your own pillow and if you are going to get up early to do activities bring a clock beacause the rooms do not have them. The food at Jade (hibatchi) and the Italian rest. were good. I would not reccomend the seafood. The breakfast buffets were good, but I felt the lunch menu needed some work. I survived on cheeseburgers and pizzas. (How American of me?) The lunch menu was not what I was use to. Sign up for your meals AS SOON AS YOU GET THERE beacause if its crowded your going to end up eating at 9:00 pm. We did the snorkeling excursion and the zip lines. Zip lines were AWESOME but as for the snorkeling I wouldnt waste your money. If you have never been before go for it, however, its not the best snorkeling with the most attractice scenery. If you are looking for a nice realxing vacation with or without your children, this is a nice place to go for a good price. Don't forget to tip all of the hard working employees because they do deserve it. You will see them there from morning until night!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jessiepie
<Content>Wonderful caribbean experience at the sirenis I have just got back from a wonderful one-week holiday at the sirenis and I wish it could have lasted longer! These are the main points but if I forget to cover anything then don't hesitate to drop me a line and I'll reply as soon as I can.AccommodationThe hotel is supposedly a five star, but by British standards I'd say it is more of a four star (we were aware of this before we booked as it was listed as a four star in our travel brochure). But I was very pleased with the standard of our rooms, everything was reasonably clean, the beds were comfy and wonderful fluffy pillows. Our remote control stopped working after a few days but I'm sure if it bothered us we could have asked for another. Our room number was F003 which is on the ground floor very close to reception. I wouldn't say it mattered very much which block you are allocated to - ours was great because it was close to the buffet restaurants and bars, but then again if we had been allocated to a block further away it would have been great for the beach/pool. All rooms have a nice view, either of the pool or of the gardens which are beautiful.FoodBreakfast was good, you could have whatever you fancied really. But as a true Brit I did miss baked beans which I noticed were missing from the buffet! You must get a fruit smoothie they are so fresh and delicious. Lunch is down by the pool, I preferred it even to the buffet dinner because they barbacue fresh meat and fish which is great, served with salads, pastas, rices etc. Or alternatively you can have chips (fries for all you americans!) The dinner buffet was ok, again a good selection. I was very content with the pasta bar myself. In between meals you may have ice-cream/crepes down at the pool if you have a sweet tooth, and burgers/fries are also served, and nachos too. We didn't bother with many of the a la carte restaurants, we visited the mexican on our second day and it was terrible. However, the Jade (the japanese) is a MUST you will see why when you get there, I hear the Italian is also good. I would even pay to eat at the Jade so as part of the all inclusive facilities it was excellent. Do book early though as these two restaurants are by far the most popular. DrinkBy this category I'm referring to drinks of the alcoholic variety! I tried the beer which was reasonably decent, not as strong as ordinary beer but it didn't taste watery at all it was actually quite refreshing. I didn't think much of their wine but then again I'm quite fussy. Cocktails were a delight there was a good cocktail list and they were very generous when it came to measures! At the bars this was usually the drink of choice for most of the guests!EntertainmentI must commend the entertainment team they were absolutely brilliant and worked so hard to make everyone feel welcome. During the day there would be some entertainment by the pool, and some aqua-aerobics if you can be bothered! The evening entertaiment was superb, professional dancers, magicians and a few funny characters! It only lasts an hour but it breaks up the evening as there is nothing to do outside the resort come evening time. ServiceWe always recieved good service. All the staff will greet you even as you walk past them so be sure to practice your 'hola' before going! Our favourite bar man was Yovanni who was at the swim up bar he was great although we did have to ask him to make our cocktails a little less strong! Our maid was also great although she would visit quite early in the morning she would happily return later in the day when we asked her.ExcursionsWe visited Saona island which I'd definitely recommend (although it rained!), it was a true caribbean retreat. We also took the horse riding trip along the beach (this can be booked next to where you collect beach towels), also highly recommended. I wouldn't recommend taking this the day before you fly though, your rear end will take a good few days to recover if like me you are out of practice or are a beginner! The Saona island trip was booked through our travel agent which was Thomas Cook. If you do travel though Thomas Cook, the reps are absolutely fantastic especially Carly who is a yorkshire lass.We spent most of our time during the day at the pool, I'm not much a fan of sand and it was so convenient having the swim up bar close by. Please take plenty of sun tan lotion before you go, although myself and my sister thought that two bottles would be plenty for a week, we ended up going through two more and they are a little more pricey at the hotel shops. And of course mosquite repellent as it is a tropical country. I'm sure all who visit the sirenis in the future will have a wonderful time as we have had!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>TropicalThirst
<Content>Beach Paradise       On our motorized water loungers (we brought with us)  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>sandieca1
<Content>What a wonderful, fabulous, fantastic trip       day of arrival  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sambucca_Dave
<Content>Sirenis Cocotal - A Great Vacation! Let me preface this review by explaining that, being of Scottish lineage, I am not one that is able to wallow away the hours in the sun (although I would love to sometimes) lazing at the beach in a comfy beach chair. I usually opt to send my wife on vacation along with her Mom instead of going myself and really not enjoying the experience. My wife and I were in Cuba to celebrate our 25th wedding anniversary a couple of years ago and the trip from start to finish was just horrible for me. If Go Travel Diersct is still in business...avoid them like the plague!!!This past February, we travelled to the D.R. along with my Brother  Sister In Law as they were four-peat visitors to the Sirenis and were going down for the 5th time to repeat their wedding vows. I thought...What the heck and went along for the occasion. We spent 2 of the most wonderful weeks at the Sirenis that I have ever experienced before in my life! The facility, the food, the weather were all exceptional! The staff were all absolutely wonderful. Loving, friendly, obliging, hard working and it is clear that they are having fun doing going about their tasks...enjoy the guests (especially Canadians and in particular one Newfoundlander named Sandy) and like to see everybody enjoying themselves, all the time watching for people's safety. It was obvious to me that the staff were extremely well trained. There was no doubt about it once meeting one of the Staff Managers Soriviany! She was a complete and utter doll to to us! The one opportunity for this resort to improve upon would be to do something about the floks who butt out on the sands of their beautiful beach! Perhaps daily grooming or supply more outside ash trays for those too lazy to get up off of their behinds to properly dispose of the implements of their own distruction! Bottom line....my wife  I have applied for V.I.P. Membership and will definitely be going back to the Sirenis next February and will stay going there as long as this facility comtinues to offer the excellent vacation hospitality that we enjoyed so much last month. I am now a huge fan of heading to the Sirenis every winter! If you go....all will take care of you but...ask for Soriviany!!!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Agnes01
<Content>Loved it awesome! Pittsburgh PA My husand and I got back from the Sirenis; we stayed 2/25/08-3/3/08. Going thru the airport customs was a breeze, Our flight arrived at noon. the ride to the resort was about an hour long, but we enjoyed seeing the country side, you go thru the more populated area near Bavaro Beach the ride is a bit bumpy, but sit in the front of the air conditioned bus and you don't really notice it (all of the roads in DR are bumpy). When we approached the resort it was just beautiful, gates open to a palm tree lined road that brings you to the front of the resort. We checked in with no problems, infact our room was ready when we got there 1:30pm. We were greated with a cocktail as we waited. Our room was nice, building L - we had an ocean view, the a/c seemed low for what we are use to I called the front desk and they returned with room darkening curtains  the ac was great. Be careful if you go on the balcony- the sliding door is self locking, we got locked out, but my husband did manage to get us back in. The grounds are spotless, bars and restaurants everywhere. the staff was very friendly, everyone greats you with an OLA ! The beach was beautiful; the tall palm tree's sway with the breeze from the ocean. It was much hotter around the pool area; which is also fantastic, you have a low end, deep center and gradually back to low waters - fun for everyone. I did join in a water aerobic class while my husband sat in a nearby shaded cabana with a cocktail. The food was ok, we always found something to eat. The afternoon beach bbq is the best, we did try the japanese restaurant which was also fantastic - they cook right infront of you. We went into the casino, but didn't stay long. We hit the disco last night we were there  had a blast!, it is small very cold a/c and our drinks were free, I read other reviews that said you had to pay; we didn't. We also saw some of the nightly show's; they were enjoyable. The staff works around the clock; the animation team is near poolside by day, putting on nightly entertainment shows after 8pm and then go work the disco around midnight, We did the safari outback excursion which was alot of fun, and once again..free cocktails all day long; you get to see the real dominican republic; the folks were fantastic. We also went deep sea fishing - caught 3 40 pound mahi. We were told by the tour guide that we were there during the winter season; it's the coolest; temps were 85 degree's everday! great for me considering we left a snowstorm in Pittsburgh, PA the day we left, When we layed on the beach we stayed near the watersports; it says you can't swim in the area, but you can. It was less crowded than the main area - this was straight out from our building L and it worked perfectly for us. There are vendors on the beach, yes they are pushy, but just say no and they understand, We did get some free shots of mamajuana and a free cigar for my husband each tine we visited; they loved us and we had a great tine with them.This was our first all inclusive trip ; everything was fantastic, the bar staff was always right there checking to see if we needed anything, as did the waiters and waitresses. We had NO problems with bugsOverall fantastic time; would we go back, YES !! definately  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gwgxopp
<Content>Fantastic Vacation - Loved it       Daily maid service  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>born2Balive
<Content>Wonderful beach paradise Our family , 2 adults  2 teenagers returned last week from Sienis Cocotal Beach Resort. We had a great time.Beach-great beach, good for swimming. Some rocking areas in deeper parts of the water. Could walk for miles along beach, up from beaches mostly coconut groves. Resort had kayaks-lot of fun in the waves, couple of catamarans. The water was too rough for snorkelling but could book snorkelling or diving tours. Along the beach were a lot of chairs but resort did not have enough shade structures.Room-was average size, clean and decent. With bar fridge stocked with pop  water daily ,safe and TV. Facilities-were gorgeous. Beautiful gardens, fountains and stuctures. Everything clean and well take care off. Pools were great with 2 swim up bars. Some shallow pools for very young children.Food-Main restaurants for breakfast  dinner were great. Each night a small part of the restaurant had different theme. Nights we were there there was Dominician evening, Sushi  seafood  Italian. Had a section of vegetarian food  children menu each evening. All the foods did have a Domincian feel. If your looking for stictly American food there is some but you would be missing out on the the many different types of entrees. Breakfast were great. Lunch was in 2 different restaurants  beach barbeque hut(excellent burgers/hotdogs  chicken. All very good. They also had 4 or 5 theme restaurants, we went to the Italian  Steakhouse. Both were pretty good, not excellent but they do try.Drinks-were good. Did have a mix for pina coladas that was okay. Had a menu of their specialty drinks, most you could get non-achocolic as well. I tried most and like the best Banana Mama, Tropical Breeze and Chocolate Monkey.Entertainment-Shows were excellent. Very good quality. Beach night was not worth it-audience doing stupid things. They had a coupled of these types of nights and we skipped them.Need to improve-More shade structures. All good chairs by pool or beach are reserved by 7 am. This should not be allowed. Many saved seats and then don't come to use them untill after lunch. Animation staff music was annoying. Could hear their music blasting all the time during the day with dance lessons, excercising. They should tone down the music so only the participants could hear. Would be nice if they had a teenager hangout. Teens are shy about mixing with each other would have been good to have some hangout close to beach or pool. What was great-Mostly everything. Staff-all very attentive. Bars and inside patios were great for before and after dinner drinks. Beach, food.Highly recommend!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>derekndi
<Content>Bad experience No complaints about this hotel the food was good and the staff excellent, apart from the checking in. We arrived at Punta Cana at 1.30pm local time but didn't get to our room until8.30pm. Also if traveling from London Gatwick do not fly with My travel airlines, this flight goes via Manchester, we had a 45min flight to Manchester then spent 2hrs and 35mins on the ground before a 9hr flight to Punta Cana, we were not informed of this when we booked with Thomas Cook so BEWARE. Coming home was even worse, we arrived in Manchester 1hr early at 4.15am only to be told there was a technical fault with the aircraft and finally arrived back at Gatwick at 11,30am another 6hrs 45mins spent in Manchester.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NancyNJflamingo
<Content>Relaxing and enjoyable for a great price! My husband and I just retured from a week's stay at the Sirenis Cocotal which we booked through Apple Vacations. The price was amazing and we found it to be well worth it. We felt like we lived a Corona commercial for a week!The Sirenis is a beautiful, large property, with well kept grounds and a friendly staff. We arrived after a direct flight from Philly and actually enjoyed seeing some of the country on the bus ride to the property from the airport.The hotel staff was welcoming; front desk manager Luis took good care of us. Our room was on the ground floor of Building J, with an ocean/garden view from the patio, which we really enjoyed. It was very quiet, yet close to both beach/pool and restaurants.The beach is fabulous; getting a beach hut takes a bit of planning, but is worth it. It was so relaxing and beautiful, we stayed on the beach all week, and didn't try the pool, although it is large and lovely.The beach barbecue down near the gazebo has the best food on the property. Freshly grilled hamburgers, hotdogs, chicken and pork chops were a treat. We did eat at three restaurants, the Vegetarian (great!), Steakhouse(ok) and the Italian (ok). The property was fully booked when we stayed, but usually Apple vacationers can get 4 reservations guaranteed. We would like to try the Jade Japanese restaurant, which we heard others raving about. The buffets were ok...lots of selection, but mediocre food. You can always find something you'll like, though, and the fresh fruit is incredible, especially the passion fruit.Our room was clean, well stocked with coffee, sodas, water and beer, with plenty of towels in the bathroom and toiletries. The AC worked great, and although the decor was a bit drab, we didn't mind as it was comfortable; besides, who stays in the room for long? The staff was very accommodating of any requests we made.There are many bars throughout the property and you can get whatever you like, including top shelf liquor. The Sirenis cocktails are good....The bartenders are friendly and refill your drinks automatically unless you tell them not to. The lobby bars are fun in the evenings where they have live music and dancing.The other highlight was the Michael Jackson show...you have to see it! We were amazed at the dancers, all of whom work at the property. It was really professional...first rate!All in all, Sirenis is a bargain in a beautiful setting with a very friendly staff. We definitely recommend it if you want to relax. We hope to go back again next year.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sunlover04080
<Content>Loved it Loved it Loved it!       Driveway  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mandie1901
<Content>A Great Stay!       Volleyball everyday  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	2	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>jetsetforsun
<Content>Week in Paradise!!       Walkway to the pools and beach.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lovindr
<Content>Workers Are Great!       View from Balcony Cocotal side  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>ageotr
<Content>Great Vacation but not so great accomodations We just returned from our stay at the Sirenis Feb 20-25, 2008. We booked through Apple vacations and were very happy with them! They were extremely knowledgeable and gave great tips for helping us. The airport was nice and easy, making our way to the resort wasn't so much fun. When booking I knew it was going to be an hour ride and that was ok, what I didn't realize is that is was going on a dirt road. very rough ride. when we arrived at the hotel, we were able to check in but our room wasn't ready, so we ate at the buffet and toured the place. Our room wasn't ready until about 3:30 and we got there at 12. Drinks helped pass the time and we recommend the cocoloco!Room: Clean room but old! the bathroom had a hole in the floor and I truly thought that we were going to get little visitors through it. The beds were hard, and the pillows were lumpy but it was overall tolerable, how much are you in the room afterall! the patio we absolutely loved, it was spacious and our building (i) was located just off the pool with a slight view of the ocean. With a few dollars tip everyday our room was clean and restocked daily.Pool/beach: Beautiful pool. The chair issue was something that truly irritated me and I usually don't get that way. My boyfriend got up one morning early to go get seats on the beach and there were only a few left and this was at 6 am. he said he saw grown women running toward the beach for chairs! a little ridiculous but neccesary. I do recommended leaving not just a towel on them(as we watched many people just disregard this and throw to the side), so we left a magazine on it as well as an extra pair of flipflops!Food: Breakfast was my favorite, the rest I could have done without, Oh and I also ate a lot of french fries, as I didn't trust the beef or even the chicken! the specialty restaurants were so/so. The mexican was probably my favorite, as the steakhouse wasn't good and the italian tried but with little success!We did have a great time just being together and it really doesn't matter how the rest of the vacation went. We got what we paid for. You can't expect much when you only pay 700. Through all the negatives you are in a very beautiful place!Oh also just be careful of the vendors that they allow in the hotel. They scam! They tried to get us to buy a necklace for $157 dollars and somehow he still sold it to us for $25. They will take what you have or what you are willing to part with, same with the beach vendors.We will be returning to Punta Cana again but just at a different hotel!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>Trendywendy_8
<Content>Just about perfect! Vacationed at Sirenis Tropical Suites from Feb. 7 - 14th. My husband, daughter and son-in-law and I spent a week and had a great time! It really is two resorts in one - shared facilities, so turned out to be much larger than we initially anticipated. But both properties managed well despite the large number of guests. The resort/s are very clean, beautifully manicured and well maintained. Food was good, buffet is buffet wherever you go. The restaurants - we tried Vegetarian, Japanese, Italian and Steakhouse were fine - Steakhouse would be our least favourite. It was very windy, so some beach activities were restricted, but weather was otherwise wonderful! The staff were polite and accommodating - spoke more French than Spanish or English. Took advantage of the room service only once - no problems. The main buffet/dining room was open 24 hours which we were not aware of at first. Good to know if you are a late night snacker. Casino is small (Dominican style) but we had fun anyway! Canadian money not accepted (which has not been our experience in the past and we have been to the DR half a dozen times) but we always bring both Cdn. and USD so this presented no problem for us. You are no longer required to pay the $20.00 USD to leave the DR - this was done away with in November 2007. We forgot to take anti-malarial, and the mosquitos were a bit thick in the evening, but mostly at the front of the resort and they did spray nightly. All in all, it was a great time and this resort goes on our go back list along with LTI in Punta Cana!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>darlin270
<Content>Back totally RELAXED! We went to Punta Cana to get away from our busy lives and we did just that!! I would recommend this location to couples and famiIies. I went as a single and thought that it lacked some night life and was very coupley but still relaxing!Hotel Room: This was one of the most disappointing things. The room was not nearly as nice as what we are used to. The bathrooms were clearly just remodeled and quite nice. The pillows were HORRIBLE; bring your own. They are very lumpy. The beds are ok. The decor is quite cheesy. Food: The food was ok. You were able to find something you liked in the buffet lines. Although, I recommend trying to dine at the Japanense place, Jade!! Awesome food and atmosphere! They did try to force feed you Mamajuana. The shot of choice for the DR. I could have done without that but it's ok. The seafood restaurant was HORRIBLE. Do not go there!!!! I also heard the steak was not very good. Which I can kind of understand because the beef in the buffet lines was not very good. The quality of beef is not at American standards. Mexican restaurant was pretty good. Italian was one of the better places that we ate at. The buffet lines for lunch down by the beach were pretty good. We ate a lot of nachos, french fries, grilled chicken, hot dogs, fresh fruit and such for lunch everyday. The breakfast was good. Fresh made eggs and omelets daily.Service: The service was amazing!! Give your bartender, waiter, housecleaning a few dollars and they will go above and beyond for you the whole trip!! Say Hi to Amaury and Juan Carlos for me at the bar in the lobby. They are both great bartenders and fun to be around.Entertainment: They have shows every night in the theater. If you enjoy dancing and comedy, you will have fun. The man who runs the shows speaks English, French and Spanish flawlessly! I recommend doing that if you have the chance a couple of nights. Beach: The beach was very nice. If you want a cabana, you will need to get up around 6:30 am every morning. Go down there and put your towels down and then you can go grab some breakfast or go catch a few more zzzzz's before heading down there. The only thing that I missed at this beach was there are not any crashing waves. It is really calm water. I find the waves fun to play in. We walked down the beach past the next resort to play in the waves. The men at the other resort will yell at you but just keep walking past their property.Casino: The casino is kind of pathetic! I would hope that you are not going there the casino! There are probably about 12 slot machines and 2-3 poker tables. Nothing special. I would not recommend it.Disco: The first night that I went into the disco, I thought that I was the only person who spoke English. It was NOT fun but we did try it out one more time and had a blast. Mostly because we had quite a bit to drink and we were out there shaking our bootys!Deep Sea Fishing: DO NOT DO IT!!!! There are 3 men who bring you out fishing, NONE of them speak English. The Atlantic waters are far too rough. There were 4 of us on the boat and half of our party got really sea sick. We had to have them turn the boat around early. NOT worth the $90 to go deep sea fishing. Not to mention, we did not catch anything.Pool: The swim up bar is fun. You will notice that one side of the pool has far more kids in it than the other side. If you do not want to be around kids, just go to the other side. If you have kids, the workers interact with them on the one side. The pool is warm and clean.Other: You will find there are a lot of people from Canada at this resort. Punta Canada as we began calling it. Also, there are a lot of people from everywhere. We met great people from England, Scotland, USA, Spain and Italy!! People overall were quite friendly. There is the language barrier at times but you learn how to deal with it! Go to this resort, relax and have some fun!!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Sunisamust
<Content>Great Hotel, Good Value       View or the Pool and Ocean From Room  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	5	4	

<Author>CardHoopster
<Content>Motel 6 Quality Rooms Sirenis Motel 6 ?????This place is well below in facilities, food, and amenities in comparison to the Majestic Colonial in Punta Cana that we stayed in last year. The rooms are dated and worn out. I say rooms because we had two, because the first one and a leaky ceiling in the bath and after an attempt to fix it, we requested a change.. I also over heard someone talking in the lobby who also had a leaky ceiling in their bath. We could over hear all bath room noises and conversation in the neighboring rooms. This was quite funny during the arguments from the couple next door about his failure to perform certain manly duties. Maid service was excellent as I left $3 them per day. We had fresh flowers on our beds everyday when we got back to our room.The food was ok at best. The Italian and Mexican were good but the choices are limited. The service was fine and we left tips at all meals and bars.The best part of the resort is the pool and beach area. You must get out by 7:00 in the morning to secure a beach spot.We love the D.R. but will choose a different resort for our next visit.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	4	4	1	

<Author>cantz213
<Content>Beatiful Resort! Me and my boyfriend just returned on friday 2/16 from sirenis, the hotel is beatiful and very clean. I was a little hesitate about it b/c of some of the bad reviews it got from other travelers. Dont get me wrong the hotel does have it quirks but not enough to ruin my vaca! For eg. our refrigerator in our room was broke the whole week we there and we did tell the maid and the front desk about it but it was never fixed and we had lights out in our room that were never fixed either, but the maid keep our beer cold on ice the whole week. My biggest complaint about the hotel would definitly be the food...its much different than what were used to eating in the U.S. but that would not stop me from going back again. It is very clean and the beach and pool are beautiful! Not much of a night life, but the pool bar in the main pool is a great time...there are games and the event staff are alot of fun! Vacations are what you make them and we had a great one...I would definitly go back! Oh...tip...if your going to the beach get some OFF bug spray the sand fleas ate me alive!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>HendonLondon
<Content>Great holiday in Paradise       sea avenue  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Beach-Eagle
<Content>Tremendous Value The bus ride was about 70 minutes on mostly rough roads, but was air conditioned. The property exceeded expectations. It's a large generally well maintained complex. The fan in our room did not work, but they fixed it. When the sliding door to the patio is open, the air conditioner does not work. They have internet access off the lobby. You can use their computer for $6/ half hour or $10/hour or if you bring your own computer with wireless capability, they have a complementory (at least for Apple guest) access code, so it's free, but you have to ask for it. Three pronged USA electrical devices won't work unless you have an adapter. They provided this, but you have to ask. The pools  beach are very nice. Great beach to walk on. The location is very remote. Don't expect to eat off campus or do much shopping. The food is ok. I'd rate it a little below Sandals quality, but the service is much better than Sandals. There is a good variety, so you should find something you like. They don't have sour mash wiskey like Jack Daniels or Wild Turkey. Canadian Club is the closest thing they had, so burbon drinkers beware. The Doninican people are very sweet and they are very appreciative of any tips they may get. Booking the special restuarants early as you can is recommended and make sure you check the print out they give you to ensure its the date and time you wanted. They made a mistake on one of ours and gave us a date after we were to leave. We arived at the restuarant and they were booked. The offer of a tip to the hostess did not get us a table, so we ate at the buffet , which was ok. The pasta bar is very good. As is generally the case in the Carribean, don't expect to get good beef. This was a last minute deal from Apple Vacations and was a great value. Would do this again.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>SteelerfanPittsburgh
<Content>Don't believe the complaints My wife and I just retuned to the United States from our second vacation trip to Punta Cana. We enjoyed our entire stay at the Sirenis. We were a little apprehensive on staying at the resort after reading some of the bad reviews. All of the reviews proved, to our delight, to be unfounded or misleading. We observed some of the hotel guests complaining while we were standing at the reservation desk and about 95% of the problems were self-induced or of little consequence. I think some people just like to complain because it is in their nature.Guests receive colored wristbands upon registration to indicate the type of options purchased. Gold bands indicate VIP Service in which everything is included. That includes a wall-safe key, free drinks at the disco, a no charge unlimited stocked refrigerator, and a 鈥渘o charge room service menu鈥?which is included in the Apple Vacations packet. If you order from the blue menu located in your room you will be charged. We noticed that every person who wore the Gold band was from the United States and an Apple Vacation client. That made it easy for us to know who spoke American English and who was from the States, since the resort is primarily non-English speaking Europeans. Those who wear the Blue wristbands pay extra for all of the above and were mostly Sunquest clients. Blue band wearers were from the rest of the world, which included Canada, France, England, Germany and Austria. Red wristbands indicate those 18 years of age and younger. White bands are travel agents. There is also a green band but I did not find out what that indicated.  We stayed on the tropical side of the resort, not by choice, but by chance. Our unit was on the ground floor of building 鈥淥鈥? which was close to the pool, beach, and food. The suites are nice, clean, and well kept. Seems that one of the other reviews I read complained that the rooms were outdated, but I happen to differ. The room d茅cor is unique and I think is to appeal to the European rather that the American. The suite comprises a separate bedroom with a TV, a bathroom, and a separate sitting room with a couch, a 2nd TV, a desk, and a well-stocked refrigerator. The resort is big and we did a lot of walking to get to the breakfast and lunch buffets, the theater and the restaurants. We opted to forgo the dinner buffet and decide to eat at all seven of the restaurants. It was quick and easy, we completed the provided list and gave it to the Apple Representative. A packet of reservations for all seven was under our door that night. The food at each and every restaurant was delicious, well prepared, and impressive. From the advice of the other guests we chose not to eat steak at the steakhouse, instead, I had the ribs and my wife had the chicken, and both meals were very good. Our personal favorite for atmosphere was the Italian. It was like being in another world. One special thing Apple Vacations did was to provide an exclusive evening for their patrons. It included caviar, finger foods, drinks and a band. It was terrific! This is our 5th all-inclusive vacation and we always choose either the last week in January or the first week in February. We never see bugs or mosquitoes during that time of year. I thought that it was due to over spraying, but I was told that it is the direction of the Trade Winds, and the dry season. Whatever the reason it is always the best time of the year to go. The driving force for choosing the Sirenis was the price. It was a $599 (+ taxes and fees) from Apple Vacations. It was a real bargain. The resort was excellent, the staff was very accommodating and we would go there again without hesitation.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lmc1987
<Content>good holiday Me and my boyfriend went to the sirenis for two weeks in jan 2008 as a last minute deal. to say we came on allcoation on arrival we got a really nice room at the tropical side so we was really pleased with that. Food: the two buffets were really nice but did get a bit repetitive after having the same things for two weeks there wasnt a lot of choice seems to be alot of the same everynight.There is 7 restaurants on site we only tried the steak house and the mexican so can only really comment on these two the mexican was excellent with excellent service. the steak house wasnt so good as the steak was really fatty so ended up in the buffet afterwards as was still hungry.The two snacks bars near the pool also very nice good selection of food everyday. although as i said above became very repetitive after 2 weeks of eating the same thing.Drinks: the only downside to the bars in this hotel is that they shut too early midnight! my advice would be to get drinks in before 12 and you can still sit there. there is a disco in the hotel but you have to pay for drinks after midnight this is open till 2am same with the casino. to be honest most people are in bed early and up early. there is plenty to do during the day! although they shut early there is plenty of selection cocktails, shots milkshake any drinks you could want this did also include a lot of international brands. There is also a mini bar in the rooms filled everyday with coke sprite and water no beer though:(.Entertainment: the entertainment is very good at night lots of shows on down in the theatre and a band in the lobby everynight. althought the cds they play during the day are always the same so you will get bored of listening to the same songs for two weeks!! the entertainment during the day is not as fun its alot like butlins so if youre going on holiday to relax in the sun i would not recomend this hotel as we didnt get much peace when the activities were on!location: the location of this hotel is nice as it has a very nice beach. the sea is dead rough sometimes as where this hotel is its a cross between the atlantic and the carribean sea so it is rough and red flag is up alot of the time. it is an hour and 20 mins drive from the airport which is not very nice considering the roads are full of holes! everytime i went on a trip i had travel sickness due to the bumpy ride! and trust me there is no suspension on them coaches.excursions: we went on two excursions the swimming with sharks which is an excellent trip and not at all scary. you also have a party on the boat after which is really good. We also went on the shopping trip which for all the ladies who love shopping youll love this as you can buy lots of designer bags half the price! Reps: this is where our complaints come in. Jenna the rep was really nice we had no problem with her. James is a different story, hes fine when hes selling you excursions and waterproof cameras very helpful there but when you actually want some advice for example i had a bad ear infection and they didnt think i would be able to fly home as i got this a day before i went home. we went to the rep for advice he washed his hands of us and told us to contact our insurance as there was nothing they could do. this cost 30 dollars for a phonecall to the insurance as well! the travel insurance company advised they couldnt do anything while we were there they dealt with this when we got home. so im glad i was ok to go home otherwise i would of panicked so beware he is very unhelpful if you want anything else but excursions insect repellent and waterproof cameras.Overall thought i would recommend this hotel as we did have a good holiday. it is a very big place though and people visit this hotel from all over the world.if your going enjoy your holiday we did!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	5	

<Author>tropical165
<Content>Can't say enough good about this place! My boyfriend and I went to the sirenis for a week, we just returned a week ago. It was his first all-inclusive vacation while I had been to many different all-inclusive trips. This establishment was by far the nicest I had been to. I was very impressed with the folks that worked there. The bartenders are the most polite and friendly bunch ever! Whether at the bar in the lobby or the pool bars, the service cannot be topped. You actually have to sneak away from the bar if you do not want your glass to be filled back up. A small $1-$2 tip will go a very long way! I was also impressed with the fact that they served the drinks in real glassware, not plastic. It made it feel just that much more special. No matter the time of day every worker we came across had a smile and always spoke to you. HolaWe only went on one excursion while we were there, the Saona Island tour. It was great. Dancing and drinking on the boat out and once there on the island they cook a huge lunch for you and again with the open bar. After leaving the island, they race you back by speed boat to a nice shallow area where you get out and play with the star fish that are peppered throughout the ocean floor. And of course...open bar. There is entertainment every night, although we were in the sun all day and didn't make it most of it. The sun will wipe you out. I can't wait to go back to this very place! We met soo many wonderful people while in the pool that I know we will be life-long friends with. They do have shopping at each end of the resort where the natives have little shops set up. It's all bartering. You can get on the internet in the lobby area by going to the front desk and purchasing a card with a special code on it. It was $6 for 30 mins. There are many different restaurants you can make reservations at as part of your all-inclusive meals. We ate at Jade which is Japenese. It was very good. Watch out for the Mamajuana juice. It is said that the locals use it as medicine and as a aphrodisiek (?). The stuff is wicked! They can give you some at the bar to try, you 'll either love it or hate it. The beach restaurant is the best for lunch. They grill chicken, burgers, porkchops, and french fries. They also have another bar right next to it where you can serve yourself pop or get drinks from the bartenders. The regular buffet is pretty good, for breakfast you can get eggs and omelets made to order and for dinner you can get pasta made to order. It is different every day. There are two sides to this place, one is regular rooms and one is suites. The people in the suites usually have on blue bands and the regular rooms wear gold bands. You can all eat drink and lay out and swim anywhere. The grounds are simply beautiful! Very well kept. The water was beautiful, a bit rough for kayaking, but we did see people try...unsucessfully. I hope to go back next year!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SunlovinfromtheCape
<Content>Our Preferred Vacation Spot Travelled to this resort in February 2007 and returned in November 2007. Beach - Fantastic. The beach is very large and spread out. You're not sitting on top of the people next to you. Close proximity to the pool if you like to move back and forth.Buffet - Always found something desirable to eat. Complainers are too picky. Rooms - Spacious but need updating. Who spends time in the room anyway?Stayed at the Catalonia Royal in April 2007 and returned to the Sirenis due to the beach and size of the resort. Sirenis never seems to be over crowded.Overall, enjoy the Sirenis very much and would defintely return. Your review of the resort depends on what you are looking for. If you're looking for RR on the beach, this place is for you. Will return to Sirenis and will defintely return to Punta Cana.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lizpeters01
<Content>If you're getting confused...just read this one. Everything explained! My partner and I booked a 2 week all-inclusive deal here as a last minute bargain for the new year. In a nutshell, it was ok. The resort itself was a little tired in places, but was adequate. Our room was fine, with 2 very large beds and a terrace. As I said the resort itself was fine, a little worn in places, but nice. The pool areas were nice, as was the beach. Beware though, you have to get up very early to put your towels down to make sure you get a good spot. Also, beach wise, if you stray past the hotel stretch of the beach, you'll get accosted by people trying their hardest to sell you stuff. They're ok, not scary or anything, just a wee bit pushy and a touch annoying. Food - well, there's 2 large buffets, and they were both perfectly adequate, and ranged from being ok to really nice. We had breakfast, lunch and dinner in both quite regularly, and were always satisfied. The restaurants- well, frankly they were rubbish! The food was poor, as was the service. I just think they're not really expert chefs, who know how to cook proper chinese/italian food. Entertainment - well.....how can I put this. If you are unlucky enough to be housed in block F next to the 'animation theatre', you'll be listening to cheesy, loud, 'entertainment' until about 11/12 at night. Its very typical, cheesy stuff, lots of loud dance music, at times it felt like we were at Butlins or somewhere really cheap in tenerife. We're both late 20's, so hardly 'old fogies', but we really hated it, I'm sure some people wouldn't mind it, but it just felt really cheap, and 'chavvy'. Also, the disco was horrible, full of lecherous old men slipping the young girls who worked at the resort money, and trying to disappear outside with them. Was very uncomfortable. The casino was ok, we just played the slot machines. It was blatantly obvious that the roulette/black-jack tables were a rip off, the rules were nothing like I've ever seen in England!Location - well, you were pretty far away from anything else in the Dominican! There were trips on offer if you wanted them, but you are very isolated. Its fine if you just want to sit on the beach for a couple of weeks, eat too much and drink too many cocktails, but if you want to explore etc, its probably not the right place for a base. Tipping - it really irritated us to see people being so rude to the waiting staff, and never leaving a tip. We always tipped, even in the buffet. One or two dollars is absolutely nothing to us, but is how these people survive. All the staff were very friendly and helpful, and I think its a disgrace not to tip. Pool Safety - well, I'm not writing this part to sound like a hero, I'm saying it to highlight how dangerous water and unsupervised children can be. There was a fairly shallow pool (there's 3 in the resort) with a deep 'plunge pool', and to cut a long story short, a very irresponsible family were drinking in the bar and had forgotten their child of around 18 months, who had wandered off to the plunge pool and must have fallen in. When me and my partner walked past we spotted this tiny child, with no arm-bands, under the water drowning. It was terrifying, we rescued her and we think she was ok, but it was a shocking incident, and could have been much more serious. I just think its important to remember how dangerous kids and water can be!Would we go back? Probably not, it was fine, we had nothing to really complain about, it felt a bit cheap and chavvy at times, but we avoided that, and just enjoyed the nice beach and sunshine! We're certainly not sorry we booked there or anything.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>kybeachbum7
<Content>You get what you pay for We traveled with Apple out of Cincinnati. Kudos to them. The flight actually left early because everyone was there and we made great time down. After the 1 hour ( a very bumpy but oh-so-glad-to-be-on-vaca-i-don't-care-attitude) we reached the hotel. Great lobby. CHECK IN: We checked in on Dominican time (ie slow) and it took about 25 minutes even though we were 2nd in line. Bags were efficiently whisked to theroom. ROOMS: Room 1: great Building: Building J. Bad room location: first floor right next to the stairs. The room was clean but a little worn and dated. But totally acceptable except that I only slept 3 hours that first night. I will say that I am a light sleeper but the comings and goings of other guests even woke my husband. They weren't able to move us to a 3rd floor room until the following day because they said they were full. The new room was fabulous. Ocean and pool view in building G. Room was still dated but clean and cool. BEACH/POOL: The beach was great. No problem getting chairs and they were building more shade huts ( 11) when we left. We did not spend much time at the pool althought they looked like they were having a good time. The pool was clean and huge. DRINKS : Easy to get waited on and top shelf liquer if you asked for it. The Sirenis Cocktail was delicious! FOOD: not so good. Yes, you could find something to eat. However, I have been to many other all inclusives and the food here could really use improvement. If it weren't for the doughnuts at breafast and the ice cream after dinner we both would have lost weight. Hamburgers, hotdogs and french fries were always available and they were okay but you can't eat them every night. There was fresh fruit available at every meal and it was delicious. We went to 3 of the speciality restraunts. Japanese and the Mexican were both pretty good and wished that the buffets had a habachi grill. We both disliked the steak house although my husband ate his I did not. I thought the steak tasted burnt. But, the manager came over to see why I didn't eat and I felt bad so I told his that I just wasn't hungry. STAFF: We found everyone very plesant. OVERALL: We had a very nice vacation and will go back to Punta Cana again. I doubt we will stay in this resort. TO SOMEONE CONSIDERING THIS RESORT: If you get it at a great price then do it. But you get what you pay for and you are not paying for high quality and your not going to get it here. We knew how cheaply we booked this so we enjoyed the sun at a fantastic price.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>UsaGolden
<Content>For the most part a good deal for the money spent. Location of resort was not in the hotel zone therefore unless you booked an excursion or took a taxi very little shopping (alot of paintings) was found except on beach on either side of resort and some drugstore items at entrance.. A sore spot with me was at the drugstore, personal items were 4 TIMES the amount you'd pay at home. (Guess they knew they had you over a barrel if you needed it or forgot something ) Both beach shopping areas had pretty much the same trinket stuff. Sunday and Friday a couple merchants will set up in hotel. Mostly jewelry,  cigas. Don''t wait and try to pick sourvigners up at the airport. Very expensive and extremly limited supply. Local rum was very expensive. I remember it use to be $8:00 or so at Brugal Rum tour. Here it was $20.00.Rooms were satisfactory. Very nice balcony, clean except beds are very very firm! We padded ours with the other set of linens!Even though the guest directory said no saving of chairs or huts down by the pool and beach that was done on a continueing basis. Had to get there to reserve your chair with a towel if you have a requested location or need shade from a hut, by at least 7:15 am or you will not get anything. Keep your towel overnight, towel exchange does not open until 10:00 am. Pool was the largest one I ever saw and had 2 swim up bars. Drinks were pretty good with a large selection. Actually had pretty much booze in them as compared to others! Many topless women on beach as well as pool (another rule that was broken. Was only suppose to be on beach) If I would of had children along I would of been uncomfortabe with that. Casino and theatre was older and could use some updating. Food was satisfactory. Large selection, specialty restaurants had it's ups and downs. Did not care for Seafood one but Italian was very good! Internet connection was good. Very fast, $10.00 for a hour, right in the lobby . Beach was awesome. Went on forever. Rained a couple days but only for a few minites then sun came out and weather was great again. Everyday in mid 80's.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	2	4	4	3	5	

<Author>mariolka
<Content>Loved The Sirenis Our vacation at Sirenis was a great experience. Beautifully designed,built and connected with its own garden like space,leading to the beach and the ocean, this resort is big enough to give you opportunity to relax and contemplate God's creature. A plus is the absence of tall buildings. Food is fabulous, beverages are good. Disturbing is the number of women, mostly French, vacationing topless. You can lose appetite when see older female population parading half naked on the beach. I strongly recommend excursions offered by Bavaro Runners  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>EnglandFurface
<Content>would def go back!!!!!!!!!!!! got back a week ago fantastic place when arrived was given a nice cold drink staff very nice and helpfull check in staff were great and had us laughing as soon as we got therefood in buffet really good there was something for everyone and chef cooks pasta dishes for you all fresh and whatever you want in it. The restaurants well the mexican was awfull but the italian one was great lots of choice the staff were really nice the only down side it was quite cold in there cos of air con didnt get round to trying the others cos we enjoyed the buffet the enterinment staff are great they really make the holiday fun especially when they do the games on the beach/pool jandel and spagetti just have you laughing all the time the shows are good if the don peppe show is on while you are there gotta see its so funny we did a couple of trips while we were there sanona island and swimming with sharks and sting rays both were great you are better of booking them with either reception or on the beach as the reps do rip you of as its the same people on the beach as what the reps use and the beach people are alot cheaper when you walk along the beach you get the locals trying to get you go in there little shops to buy stuff there lovely people but once your in there its very hard to get out again the pool was very big but beware its very deep in the middle and its quite cold but great sitting at the swim up bars having a drink no sooner you have finished your drink there is another one there for you gotta try the drink viagra lovely but beware its very strong i would def go back again planning on going next year i wont be going on the 17th 18th or 19th jan though as they say it always rains them days and yes it did but its still warm If your going to this hotel im sure you will have a great time fair enough its not like a 5* hotel but for the price you pay its def worth it  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>calanudinsaguna
<Content>okay for the $$ We didn't have the best possible weather, but I guess it's not their fault! Food at the buffets was above average, but the a la carte were no good! Little variety, slow service, and...not enough food.The beach is excellent, as it is anywhere in Punta Cana. We took the ATV ride and it was worth every penny. Pool isn't designed exceptionally well, as it only has deep or shallow ends, nothing in between. So when we were drunk (10hr/day) we couldn't really enjoy it. But the Ocean is great!Room was okay and I appreciated the quiet AC. BIGGEST ISSUE: you cannot find any booze after midnight because all bars close down!Service was as expected allover (reception, bars, restaurants...)The flight to/from Toronto was awful because Sunquest squeezes in as many rows as possible. Even my kids didn't enjoy enough leg room. But that's not the resorts fault, it's Skyservice's.Overall, given the fact that we paid very little for the vacation, we got very good value for our buck. Had we paid 1000+, it would have been a major disappointment.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>bubbles1ottawa
<Content>Will Return Having never been to an all inclusive resort before we decided to take our family on a vacation for the Christmas Holidays and it was more than we expected. We arrived at the airport to have our families photo taken with the local staff and loaded on a bus for an hours drive to our sunny vacation at the Sirenis Cocotal Beach Resort. The bus ride was bumpy for those with weak stomacks take something for the nausea. We enjoyed seeing the little villages we had to go through to get to the resort, an eye opener as we are very fortunate to live in the country we do.When we arrived to the resort we were greeted with cold drinks and it took no time to get to our rooms. Rooms were very clean and spacious. One room had little red ants in the bathroom sink but we let the hot water run for 10 minuites and they never returned. The rooms were clean daily and the maid was sure to leave the bar fridge full. If we ran short on something the service room down the hall were the maids leave there carts seemed to be unlocked. Extra drinks, toilet paper etc..... The only issue we had with the rooms were the neighbours allowing there children to slam the doors and run up and down the hall screaming. This was annoying at 7:00 in the morning.The entertainment daily and nightly was fabulous. Our 14 year daughter didn't want to miss any of the dance muscials that were playing nightly. My husband attended the casino twice and was disppointed, only because people don't know how to play cards. Christmas Eve was very special they had the lobby decorated with Christmas trees, a manger with live stock and all staff was available to serve you drinks and finger foods. You had the choice of two sittings for Christmas dinner we choose the 7:00 over the 9:00. During social hour some of were dressed in character as Mary, Joseph, three Kings, shepards etc... as they made their way through the lobby. It was something to see, they gave the true meaning to Christmas watching this re enactment.... the arrival of Baby Jesus. This performance truly touched me.Staff was always willing to help, very friendly and up beat expecially the dancers / beach entertainers. There were a couple of young guys that really stood out and looked like they enjoyed there jobs. They don't make much for wages and they appreciate what they do get. We tipped at all meals and the bartenders on the beach. Be sure to hand it to them and not leave it on the table as they have earned it, leaving it on the tables anyone could and will take it. We enjoyed the chinese restaurant the best, the service was great and the food was out of this world. We tried the steak house and the mexican they were o.k. We would have went back to the chinese but ran out of nights. Book these dinners when you arrive to save the head ache of waiting in line the next day. We were allowed to book 3 special dinner nights at the restaurants of our choice, my husband was friendly enough with the bookey that we were offered 8 nights of bookings. We never booked the 8 as the buffet dinners were just as good to attend. We didn't have a bad meal while we were there. The Beach bbq was good and the mid afternoon crepes with butter rum ice cream with chocolate sryup was to die for my favourite. Bring along with you from home mustard, vinegar and relish packets as the mustard taste bad and they have not relish or vinegar.We took the Saona Boat trip one day and it was the high light of my trip. Yes it was a long bus ride to get to the catamaran boats, but lots to see on the way. We saw sugar can fields, workers, villages and how / where the Dominicans live. Again it made us think about how thankful we are to have what we have and how much we appreciate it. The water on the boat was as blue as the sky and for as far as the eye can see. They serve you rum and coke on the boat all you do is sit back and enjoy the ride. Once you arrived on the Island they serve you lunch and you were able to enjoy the beach for about 3 hours. The ride home was on a speed boat that took you to the other side of the island were you where able to get out of the boat to look for star fish. This was great, again the water was something else. If your looking to break up the week I would recommend it. Take an underwater camera with you.The beach on the resort was clean and nice to swim in. I don't like to swim in the unkown waters feared of fish and anything else but I had no problem with the waters here. I could see everything around me if there were to be anything. You could walk for ever on this beach and it was ncie to see the untouched beach land. The land on the beach on either side of the resort was not the cleaniest but the water was very clean. Some locals have shops set up for you to purchase, look for Cheapy Cheapy... no never mind he will look for you. Don't worry if you don't have money on you they work on the honor system they know you will be back to pay.My daughter had her hair braided by one of the locals at her shop. We talked her down to 30 dollars and the job was well done, very tight and lasted for weeks after we got back home. We gave to one of the little girls there a canadian sun hat, pencils and a box of smarties she was very thank full and said thank you in the english language.Well for being our first time at an all inclusive resort we were more than pleased that is was our choice of resort. We met some nice people and our over all stay was fabulous. We will return again. Reviews vary for each traveller keep that in mind, it is what you make it.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>wilcolover
<Content>A Pleasant Relaxing Experience My husband and I spent 5 nights at Sirenis and I couldn't believe this was the same place I read about. We had an excellent experience at the hotel. The one downside for me was the bus ride there, with potholes and bumpy roads. I got a little car sick. But from the minute we arrived at the hotel, our trip was wonderful. Check-in was easy thanks to our Apple rep who conducted an information session right on the bus. What a great idea! We stayed in Building I which had a view of the pool and the ocean. We enjoyed our balcony and our maid. I followed a suggestion to tip her $5 at the beginning and she couldn't do enough for us. Every afternoon she would knock to see if we needed agua, Coke or cervesa. She placed flowers on our beds and arranged the bedspread in beautiful folds every day. She would re-make our beds if we napped and happened to be out to dinner. One thing to note is that the lightbulbs are 11 watts and not good to read by. I know they are into saving energy but ...We did not see all the mosquitoes everyone talked about. My husband usually is a mosquito magnet and he didn't get one bite here. We killed maybe 3 in our room the entire 5 days. The pool areas were wonderful. We did not pIay the 7 am towel game, but always found a shady spot for my husband while I was in the sun. In the afternoon we even found a palapa at the beach. The ocean water was rough but warm. The bars were great. I really liked the delicious coco loco drinks. Weather was nice with a rain shower in the evening. One day it rained but it was a welcome relief to read and take an extra long nap or just walk in the warm rain.Food was OK, not fabulous. I did enjoy the ice cream and the crepes. The seafood restaurant was great! But the steak place was horrible. The steak was way overdone and leathery. My husband says it was the worst meal he ever had at a restaurant. Order the chicken if you go. But the service in all the ala cartes were fantastic. One nice thing that our Apple vacation rep did was give us a sheet to sign up for all of the ala cartes we wanted with our desired times. So we did not have to stand in any lines EVER. All in all this was a pleasant experience. I did get a really good price and kept waiting for something bad to happen but nothing did! No rats, or mosquitoes; just a few geckos and birds. A fantastic room, plenty of towels, lots of lotions and shampoo, a full refrigerator. Who could ask for more? My limited Spanish was appreciated. I agree with others that a smile and a pleasant demeanor goes very far. I would go back if the opportunity arises. I am heading to Huatulco Mexico in 3 week. I have become a sunworshiper.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	4	5	4	

<Author>gbp
<Content>Great Vacation My husband and myself stayed at this resort Jan 18th thru the 25th. Many of the reveiws that I had read were negative. What can I say, the rooms were kept clean, the food wasn't gourmet but was very good with a lot of choice.The beach windy, but beautiful. The pools had plenty of space for everyone and were cleaned every morning. The staff was friendly and very helpful. I think that if you give them respect , you will get respect back. Would I pay $1500-1800 per person to stay there, no, but it is a good value for the price we paid and we enjoyed every minute of the vacation. We have been to many all-inclusives and this is one of the best for us. The only down side was that our beach towels that we brought with us were taken. Who ever you are, I hope you enjoyed and had to pay for the extra luggage weight.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	2	4	3	5	3	

<Author>bwilloughby
<Content>great place Great place. You are not in town. About an hour from the airport. Yes as all the reviews say a bummpy ride. But okay.Lots of mosquitos. So if your going please bring spray. And cortisone for the bites if you get them.Food was great. We had lobster the first night at the buffett.Japaense alacarte greatItalian greatSteak house great we ate at 6:30 so our food was always hot and first.Theatre was good. We only went to the shows every other night.Grounds greatBeach great, you can walk for miles.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>mominparis
<Content>Beautiful beach, rundown rooms We stayed at the Sirenis over New Years and overall we had a great time because of the beach and pools. We are a family with three young boys (10, 8, and 4). We were just happy to escape our cold Toronto winter. My children are picky eaters but they found something to eat everyday. The bars are plentiful, the staff very friendly. The a la carte restaurant we tried was the steak house and it was really bad. We went to eat at the buffet later. It's very difficult to book reservations even if you stand in line for over an hour to do so. They take bribes for restaurant reservations especially a gentleman named Julio who promises, takes your money, and comes back with nothing.The rooms were very run down. We had rusty water from the bathtub and sink running all over the floor. The maids tried their best to keep the rooms clean. We had a great time at the beach. The weather was great. We did the tour of Saona Island which we enjoyed but got caught in rain on the catamaran. They should give out some rain poncho or something. It was one and a half hours of misery on the way back. Beautiful island. We liked the tour. Basic accomodations and great beach!  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	1	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>jayesheff
<Content>Great Holiday I stayed at this hotel in August 2007 with my Fiance. The grounds beautiful and the gardeners will get you a coconut down but for a tip! The food is lovely and a great selection and plently of food for everybody. The rooms are cleaned everyday and the sheets changed! Nice and spacious, 2 double beds, tv, air con - bathroom nice and big.It is more for families but the Spanish children either do not want to play with the English or play too rough as we discovered on our 2nd day as there were two very heated arguements between English and Spanish families regarding their children playing together!! The entertainment is ok... the staff work very very very hard - doing the kids club from 9am - 3pm then afternoon games, they have some tea about 6pm and then back doing the kids disco from 7pm - 8.30pm and then the adult show from 9pm - 11pm and after that they supervise the adult disco until 1am and walk everybody to their rooms to make sure everybody is safe! (not that the hotel is unsafe)We went on 2 trips - swimming with sharks and Soana Island...swimming with sharks is a definate! forget the Island it smelt awful and was filthy! Overall this hotel is nice but i have stopped in the Ibrostar in Bravro and i wish we had gone back there!! I personally think that the Dominican is a cheap mans carribean and won't return there again!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>S0cial_butterfly
<Content>Not very friendly, my teens were bored Go to this resort if you go as a large group but do not go as a famly with teenagers. My teens were bored as there was not all that much to do there. The disco was not that great and there was not really a common area where they could hang out. They did go to the gym daily and did hang out in the pool area. But somehow, they did not seem to meet other teens. I did see alot of bored teens hanging out with their families. I did meet one family with teens whose mother told me that they had been so bored all week that they welcomed the company of my kids. However, they were leaving the next day! I have been to at least seven resorts over the past 5 years and I found that this one was the most unfriendly. It is not the staff that I am talking about. They are all great and polite and every one says ola to you. It is the guests who were mostly French and European who cannot greet you or each other. I do not expect them to say hello as we are in a Spanish country, but they can smile and perhaps say ola. These people do not have to push to get in the buffet lines or to pass by.They can say Excuse  when they have to go by or get something in front of you . Their manners were terrrible. We are all on vacation and we can be friendly and nice to each other. In this way, we can all have a better time. I have to laugh at a comment my husband made one day. One evening, there was a donkey in the lobby as part of a coffee display. Everyone came by to say hello to the donkey and take pictures. He commented that they say hello to the donkey but canot greet each other. Overall the resort was well kept and beautiful.The food was not great, but you could find something to eat.Not too much choice if you were vegetarian.Our Tv was broken all week. We called at least seven times on different days during our stay, and they were going to fix it right away but noone ever came. In the end it never got fixed.As well, the maids do make the beds daily, but I suspected that they did not change the sheets or pillowcases. So I marked the pillow case in pen with an X. And sure enough, I came back and the bed was made but the pillow case was still the same.On the first day, I tipped the front desk $20 to get us a non smoking and quiet room. How the man smiled and told us that we had a very quiet area. Guess what? We got E block which is noisy until 11:30 every night. And you can smell the smoke from the heavy smokers that had stayed there. What a fool I was wasting my money! Our neighbours had locked themselves out on the balcony at midnight and could not get back in. We called the desk at least 8 times to inform them of this. These people were stuck out on the balcony until 2:30 in the am. Remember that if you close the patio door, you are locked out!So my advise to people going to this resort. Go as a group. Do not have any expectations that you will meet other people. I am very friendly and say hello to lots of people, and have no trouble making friends on holiday, but this place was a challenge.( I should have bought a Speedo for my husband- maybe it might have made us more acceptible with the culture.) I think that Mexico is a better place to go- generally the resorts are better and the food is better quality. There are also more English speaking people there. And whatever people say about Americans- they are much more friendly than the French Canadians and Europeans. I would much rather spend time with the former and have a great vacation.As well, do not bring Canadian dollars. They are worth much less than the American dollar.Pay cash for the trips rather than your Visa. Our excursion to Saona island should have been $360.00 US dollars. In the end, we would up paying about $420.00 on our Visa. A hefty markup for not having American dollars.So go if this resort is cheap and you cannot find any others. But this is really a 3 star resort.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	2	2	4	

<Author>Boatchick08
<Content>Amazing vacation       Be prepare to board one of those if you go on a day trip  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	3	5	4	

<Author>pikel20
<Content>Just OK We just got back from sunny Punta Cana, where we stayed at the Sirenis Tropical/Cocotal Resort Spa and Casino. TIP: DO NOT pay a cent extra to stay at the Tropical as the only difference is a slightly larger room.First of all -- we are truly pretty easy to please. We are on holidays - so we are relaxed and really are not complainers. Overall, we had a great time, great weather and such, but the Sirenis resort was OK at best.Basically, we have decided that if we return to Punta Cana, we will spend the extra $200-400 or so to stay in a quality resort. Small details are the things that make the difference. The grounds are nice, the food OK (you can usually find something) and the beach is pretty. Both pools are shallow in most areas, therefore there are children everywhere with no real designated child area. Most kids are great and well behaved-- but this can still take away from your element of relaxation. Ironically, the swim up bars are located right next to the kiddie shallow areas. My husband and I always laugh at people who write about language barriers BUT this time it WAS really obvious. It was nearly impossible to communicate, staff was honestly often unfriendly (not all ----but definitely front desk area) and they really just liked to pass the buck so to speak. Not even for anything major --- just simple things like trying to get a bottle of water. Often, you'd just accept that you wouldn't get anywhere and forget about what you were looking for and deal with it. The door to our room was ridiculously tight and hard to open. I actually got stuck IN the room one day -- and due the the language barrier we not only couldn't seem to get the door fixed, but I was stuck in the room for nearly an hour waiting for someone to come. I had to phone 4 times.Plan to wait in fairly long line ups if you want dinner reservations.New Years we had to book to eat at the buffet and waited in line for over an hour. It was the only place you could eat and you had to have a ressie. Goofy.Anyway ---- not to go on and on, but here is my BIGGEST complaint.CLEANLINESS!!! I like clean and tidy. This resort often has glasses, plates, garbage floating around everywhere - especially in the morning when you'd expect it to be clean and fresh. When they come around periodically to collect glasses, they dump them (right in front of you) into the plants STRAWS, LIMES and all. This is just left in the plants. There are hardly any garbage cans around, so lots of garbage just gets left all over. The garbage cans they do have do not have bags in them, and they don't get rinsed often. Therefore - there is often a rotten smell coming from them --- WHILE you're laying at the pool!! It's really yucky! Further more -- pool cleaning and such is done during the day while people are using the pool. Most resorts that I have been to do this at night while people aren't around to see. It is really kind of gross. It's just those small details that to my husband and I, make a difference in how you relax and enjoy your holiday. To us, it is definitely worth a bit of extra money to not see dirt falling from the hallway above you as the maid sweeps onto the roof outside your room. Just yucky. Also the resort is really starting to show signs of agin...exposed wiring, (we had live wires from our patio door air conditioner thingy), peeling paint, broken railings and such.If you like clean --- I'd skip this resort. Surface tidy it is --- but clean it isn't.Oh - and we saw cockroaches --- on the grounds, in our wing of building. There was also a dead tarantula lying on the sidewalk at the shops. Not a large deal --- but GOOD GOD!! Just sweep it away. TIPS: Everyone (including your tour guide) will tell you NOT to drink anything but bottled water. They put 4 in your room each day and that's all. You cannot get it anywhere else, no matter how much you ask. I was 6 months pregnant on this trip and they still wouldn't give us water. We tipped the maid lots extra though and she made sure we had plenty of water.There are no alarm clocks in your room. Bring one if that is a concern -- because wake up calls only came on some days, not on others. Almost missed an excursion.Towels - there are only two towels, one bathmat and two small handtowels in your room. No faceclothes. If you don't put your towels on the floor -- you aren't going to get a new one no matter how dirty they are. Again, not a large deal --- but took a couple of days to figure out.Restaruants -- if you're going soon, there are two new restaraunts that they don't tell you about. There is an Italian and a Japenese. Try both!! The Italian is listed on the map ---- but not where it is on the resort. They moved it.Saona Island Excursion ---- worth seeing as it is gorgeous!!!! Expensive though --- and a long drive through poor, poor country. The drive is not for the faint of heart, as you will honestly be terrified that your driver will kill someone. NOT KIDDING!!All in all, we had fun, we relaxed and that is exactly why we went. BUT, that being said -- we won't return to the Sirenis -- it's just not worth the money. I hear the Bahia Principe, the Majestic and the Iberostar are the way to go!!!  Spend a little bit extra and I gaurantee you won't be as disappointed as we were.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	2	3	3	

<Author>luv2travell2
<Content>Nice Resort! Have just returned from the Sirenis Coctal room side. Was told by travel agent we would have the run of two side by side hotels owned by Sirenis, it is just one big resort, don't be fooled. Arrived at night and after over an hour bus ride from airport we were impressed by the front lobby. When we got to our rooms, weren't so impressed a 3 star at best. However they were kept clean enough and anything you needed fixed ( which was quite a bit) was fixed promptly. When travelling are not too particular about rooms as long as clean and comfortable good enough. Don't sit on a plane for 7 hours to hang out in our room. If rooms are where you hang out not the hotel for you. Couldn't wait to see resort in the morning. The resort is very nice, it is an older resort but the grounds are kept beautifully. There are little things to pick apart (for goodness sakes replace the speakers on the walkway down to the beach!) but really a lovely resort! The beach was honestly not the white sand I was expecting but it was still very nice. I am a bit negative because travelling over the holidays you pay 5 star prices and get 3 and a half star resorts. This is certainly no 5! The food was good, and always presnted nicely. They sure know how to pour a drink! No watered down booze here. It has a great pool for children the kids loved it. Not too worry about too much topless if taking kids, never been to a resort with so many women wearing bikini tops! The staff is kind and very helpful. If travelling with teenagers who are only happy when spending $100 a day you will want to stay closer to town as any excursion is an hour on the bus. We did the Monster safari and it was very good, hung out at resort the rest of the time. If you just want to kick back and relax for a week not worry about shopping or excursions a good place to stay. We will return just not for the rip off holiday prices! All in all a nice place to stay but don't pay for a 5 star!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>xmasboy67
<Content>Clean Pools and Beach       View of the Beach  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Holly24
<Content>Staff was great... when the locals weren't there. 2 couples aged 23-28 visited Sirenis Cocotal Dec 9th-Dec 23rd.This hotel was highly recommended by my British family so I didn't hesitate to book. We flew out from the Pearson airport at 6:45am, no real issues except no flight movie but we planned to sleep anyways. (What do you expect from Skyservice? And speaking of which, we had THE WORST pilot going down there, I pray he was a newbie.)Upon arrival, usual pestering etc. Got on the bus and had a 1hr 30min rollercoaster to the resort. The resort: check-in a load of bull. They are so rude.... worst I have ever seen and I've been to Mexico twice and the DR 3 times. I had told the check in guy that I had emailed before we left about rooms and never got a response. He said he did but it was nothing like the message I had left. To make a long story short about check-in I requested rooms in block K which is ocean view but of course its under construction. We were then given block I which is right behind the pool which is ok but the music is really load and its far away from the main lobby where everything is. Oh yes I should mention we arrived on a Sunday afternoon. On Friday nights the locals start coming in bus loads to the resort. And its crappy because the Sirenis is the only hotel for miles and miles. So as I am getting ready for dinner I peer out from my balcony and OF COURSE, every single local is put up in block K! I don't care if it's under construction or not....... you do not give under construction rooms to the locals. Excuse me if that was rude but its true. We paid GOOD money to be there and we expected good things... And this is only the beginning.So next on the list, if you have a phobia of rats, geckos, dirty little brats running around dropping poo everywhere and peeing the pool and topless women please do not come here.... Seriously.By the way this review isn't ALL bad.... theres a few good points I promise.Food was actaully really good. My b/f whom ALWAYS gets sick within the first 5 days did not once have any bathroom troubles nor did the rest of us! This sounds grosse but I was shocked to come home and say that I never had diarrhea once. And come on people, it always happens. A la cartes were ok. Don't sit againt the walls in the steak house, again the rat phobia.... Italian was nice, Mexican night to say the most they tried... Chinese was good, Crepes were AMAZING! We did not do the Dominican one b/c we don't like seafood. Oh yes and if you like seafood, this is definately the place to go. They even have deep fried codfish nuggets... Personally my favorite was the made to order pasta at the buffet. Choose between 2 types of pasta and sauces and 10 ingrediants to pick from. ANd for dessert they had fresh stewed coconut and rice pudding...... YUMMY.Bar service was great from Monday-Friday afternoon, after that your SOL b/c their good friend Paublo needs a drink too even though he's at the end of the line. Their blenders are ALWAYS broken so don't expect many banana mamas or strawberrry daquri's...... And lots of bars to choose from.Ok so excursions. Last year we did the Carribean festival where you swim with the sharks, this year we did the Monster Safari where basically you get to sit on a bus and have your guide beg you for money... That was REALLY annoying! We went to a typical dominican farm, a sugar cane field, a place to eat lunch and buy souveniers (TOTAL RIP OFF BTW). The river we were supposed to swim in looked like a sewer and smelled bad but the guide said it was from the tropical storm we had on the Monday. Oh yes did I mention that we had a tropical storm in December??? Yep we did, it never fails. The first week 5 of 7 days overcast/rain etc etc. But we made a good time of it :) Lots of upside down dead cow and pig heads everywhere... I wish I got some pics of it, it was discusting... flies covering them. I stayed well away from the meat after that. *IMPORTANT, PLEASE READ*: Every day men bring iguanas/monkeys/birds to the beach to have pics taken with them. They all looked in pretty good shape until they brought a mini horse on the beach.... I went up to the horse and he could barely open his eyes because the green discharge was so bad. His feet were a mess, cracked and his hocks swollen and they dragged him up and down the beach all day with no food or water. He had infected gashes all over his head and dragged his back leg behind him..,, It was so horrifying. I actaully shed some tears b/c this was no way to treat an animal, even if it is a 3rd world country. They worst part was this one staff of the hotel, whom always wore a Canadian umbrella hat came running over with a smile on his face and jumped full force onto this horse... I swear if the horse could have he would have collasped right then and there. It was discusting... SO please if you go to this resort PLEASE do not endorse this..... I have pictures and will post them on here soon. You'll understand once you see them.Shows were ok to good. They play BINGO on Saturdays and its 5 US a card.... At least at the RIU it was free... On the Friday night they decided they were going to throw a staff party and close off the theatre and disco to the public.... no warning or mention of it. It sucked for the couple we went with b/c they were leaving on the Sunday (they stayed only 1 week) and didn't want to party really hard on the Sat night.... Beach vendors beside the hotel. Most rudest men I have ever dealt with. One vendors exact words:  You Canadians come here and we offer you a price and you go OHHH NOOO too much whereas other people come here and we offer them a price and they pay what we want... The picture I wanted was 8 by 10 and nothing really special, just some colors with writing on it and they wanted 45 US.... Needless to say I spent my money at duty free. By the end of the 2nd week I wanted to go home. To much bull for me. The resort itself was beautiful. Gardeners were always maintaining them and the beach cleaners were there at 6am every day to make sure we could throw our cups and plates all over the beach for them to clean up the next day. If you plan to get beach chairs and huts......... you better be there at 6am the latest. The one day we slept in till 8am, went to go get some chairs and there were zero. There were always chairs available but most of them no shade and not in good location.Overall it definately was an experience and it really wasn't awful, except for the bugs. If you are prone to getting bitten, don't even bother to bring bug spray b/c it doesn't work at all. I've been home for 2 weeks and I still have some infected bites I'm taking antibiotics for. This place was the worst for them. I have never been so covered in bites in my 5 other trips.... But it's no fault of the resort, that just happens.Would I return to this resort again? If it became adults only and locals were not allowed, absolutely. But will that ever happen, not a chance, therefore theres no way I would return. We are already planning to to go Mexico next year.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	2	3	3	

<Author>anmejoshme
<Content>Lovely holiday We stayed at this hotel at the end of Nov. 2007. We did not have high expectations as we had purchased our tickets at a deep discount at the last minute. We were pleasantly surprised at the wonderful resort holiday we experienced. The pluses were the lovely beach, beautiful grounds, numerous restaurants, huge pool and warm staff.The downsides were that we had hit and miss maid service in our room, though others didn't seem to experience this, and the weather was so windy that week that boats couldn't go out.We didn't use the spa and the casino was something different to what we have been used to. There were penny and nickel slots but you could only cash out bills so the house always won. This was the only place that the staff weren't friendly and didn't seem to speak any language other than Spanish.The evening shows are typical for this kind of resort and if you don't take it too seriously it can be lots of fun.We enjoyed a day trip but spent the rest of the time at the resort. The food was great, the pool and beach lovely and well maintained, the animation staff was excellent and the overall ambience meant that we could truly relax and enjoy ourselves.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	2	5	

<Author>marie8ciel
<Content>Relaxing and Entertaining as you choose       Great Christmas decorations everywhere on the resort  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>JJ2007_1
<Content>Awesome Weather        Arriving  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>laurieella
<Content>Christmas Time We just returned on Christmas Day from a 8 night stay. We travelled as a group of 11. The resort was excellent. They went above and beyond to make it as Christmassy as possible. They played Christmas Music and the resort was decorated very festive. On Christmas Eve they had a children's choir singing and they had a real nativity scene with the activity people dressed in costume and live animals. My children thought this was so cool. We ate at the Steakhouse, Chinese and Italian. The two later were the better of the three. The spring rolls at the chinese along with the Chicken Chow Mein and Sweet and Sour Pork were excellent. The buffet dinner on Christmas Eve was incredible. We were so impressed with the service and the food at this resort. The staff were also very friendly. The only thing that I found annoying were the mosquitoes. The beds are really hard too. I would reccomend this resort to anyone. It is really a beautiful spot.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dragone
<Content>Great VK, would go back, great for kids. At first, I was a little put off by the resort welcome staff as our room was not ready and we had to wait app. 3 hours. I was with my 3 year old and 6 month baby so three hours is a long wait. We also went with a couple with three kids, 7, 5 and 1. All the kids just wanted to get to the pool and they kept telling us 15 mins. However, after a little yelling we finally got our room and it was nice. Clean, pleasant smelling and definetely comfortable beds. Enough space for the 4 of us. Our crib came up right away as well. We only attended the two buffet restaurants which were nice. The resort staff could have been a little bit more pleasant but overall they were friendly. Just a couple of bad ones (which happens everywhere),The pools were fantastic. I don't think the kids got out of the pool from 10 am to 5 pm. They were clean and big. The walk up to the deep end is gradual and the kids can walk a long way before it was over their heads. Beach was nice as well. They could do with a few more cabanas on both the beach and pool but not everyone wants the shade. If you put your towel on the benches beside a cabana when you wake up before breakfast you are sure to have one for the entire day. The pool bar is not that friendly. I was not impressed with that and the music they played was a little inappropriate for the kids. Quite a lot of f words. Europeans going topless at the pool, but not that many.If you get a chance, do the carribbean festival tour. We swam with sharks and got to hold sting rays. Really awesome. We tipped the cleaner in our room 2-3 dollars a day and got excellent service, including our room being cleaned in the morning bright and early opposed to late afternoon. The shows were also really good. Never made it to the Casino. One thing, if you have small kids definitelydo not get a room in either E or F in the odd numbers as it is really loud until 11:30 p.m.We got this vk on a really good deal and it was even better than we expected. If you want cheap souvenirs go to Julio's cabin on the beach which is the first cabin. He is great and gives good prices. Don't be bullied because they start high but you can talk them down. He wanted one statue for 25 and I got 4 of them for 25. Don't be shy.Can't complain about much, loved it and the weather was great. Definitely would return in a heart beat.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	2	5	5	

<Author>eztocme54
<Content>Well worth the $297 (plus tax) We started out on the ground floor, the room stank of smoke. Management accomodated our request and moved us to the top floor the next day. The room was clean, bathroom was refurbished (nice), the bedding on the top floor was newer than the bottom floor. The maid did an amazing job keeping the room clean.The food was adequate, we have had worse but have also had alot better. The steakhouse is the best of the specialty restaurants. We also tried the italian, seafood, and chinese.The beach was nice, but it was windy everyday so we didnt have a chance to spend alot of time there. We had no problem getting a chair  cushion by the pool. The pool was really big and clean.The bar serves the domestic alchol only. We didn't have trouble with service. A tip did seem to help.We are seasoned travellers, this is the first hotel that we have encountered hookers staying at the hotel. They were not discreet. Friday to Sunday the hotel is filled up with locals.We would return if the price was good. We got an excellent deal $1232 for two people!  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>3	5	4	2	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>babycake2002
<Content>Left after 2 days Being from Vancouver, I normally travel to Mexico and don't necessarily need or expect 5 stars anywhere.My travel agent recommended the Sirenis for myself, 28 yr old female traveling alone with my 5 year old. She assured me it was recommended for families. We arrived at 8pm at night on a Thursday (December 13). Check in was a long line up and we were all hot and tired. I was told where my room was, given a map and sent off. Our room was like a mini suite, 2 beds, but dated. It reaked of cigarette smoke and the curtains, lamp shade and shower curtain were lined with the smoke stain. The smell was worse. I was afraid to take off my shoes because my daughter pointed out a few bugs within minutes. We went to the buffet while waiting for the check in line to disappear.Nothing looked good or fresh and it was french fries and buns for us.I told the front deks of my issue with the ground floor and the smoke and they told me to return in the morning. After no sleep because the bed was so hard, i gave them $20 to change my room.They moved us to the opposite end of the resort (section Q) Not bad for just me, but it's tough to tell a 5 yr old we have to walk 15 minutes for a bite to eat, check the internet, etc because there is no shuttle service at all and the resort is massive.....And then the locals came.....bad enough you can't sleep cause the beds are so incredibly hard, can't eat because the food wasn't appealing and can hardly access your room because the key cards had a mind of their own......but you can't get service because the locals got priority.the icing on the cake was being locked out for the 3rd time because our key didn't work and it was now 11pm. Luckily my dear neighbours walked to the front desk and took care of it for me. I left Saturday afternoon. I couldn't find our tour rep (limited hours) so I called the Bahia Principe Punta Cana and paid an arm and a leg for the remainding 5 days, but we are here now and it's so much better.The beach at the Sirenis is nice, but once you've seen better, you know it's not that nice. At least here, I can convince my girl to go back and forth to restaurants, shopping, the beach, etc as they have an amazing train service. The beds are great and I will leave the rest for a review where it belongsYou get what you pay for at the Sirenis, not much.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	1	2	2	3	1	

<Author>JudySOntario
<Content>Clean! We just got back Sunday the 16th December 07 We stayed one week.Bus ride was fine, check in was very quick.Our room I am always concerned about and it was bright and very clean! NO BUGS AT ALL ANYWHERE!Quite a bit of wind, only sat at the beach 2 days. Stayed close to the many pools they have.The food was average, do eat at the steak house as often as you can. It was the best serviced and tastiest.Of course a good dollar or two here and there are always a plus.Bring mosquito spray, there are little fleas in the sand that bite a bit. I was the only one out of 6 people who was bothered.They only sell the same old, t's, cheap jewelry, etc. Barter with them, if they are not having a good day...you will get a deal!!!Their only downfall was that on Friday's till Sunday they have the locals in and once they are there, the service isn't as good but, not bad. Gets a little crowded around the pool area and buffets. Not a huge problem though!I would recommend this place, if you have kids...even better!  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>kbmr
<Content>Great value, but choose carefully       beautiful beach  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Jemma88
<Content>Fantastic We arrived at the hotel and was instantly impressed, everything kept well, rooms clean and spacious and pool and beach great! Cannot fault this resort, food was lovely and a large variety, personal favourite was the creperie! Weather was fantastic and overall had a wonderful two weeks, would definately recommend to anyone for a chill out holiday in beautiful surroundings!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>andy037
<Content>Fantastic hotel We arrived late afternoon, the bus ride was around 50mins.It was a nice day. The hotel is beautiful and the food is fantastic. It is definitly a 5 star hotel. I would go back again. But just a note to let everyone know they don't carry very much change in the hotel so try and bring small bills.The weather wasn't the greatest it was hot 31degrees C. everyday but too much rain. We won't go again in mid November if it can be helped.Great hotel- Andrea  Paul  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MonteCristo
<Content>Great Trip Overall the resort gets high marks. As with any resort there is always something negative that can be said if you dig deep enough. But I wont worry anyone with any here since they would be minor and trivial. This is the review of 2 couples in the 26 - 31 age group.The food was good; buffet had a good selection and there are so many a la carte restaurants to choose from if that's your cup of tee.The rooms were clean, no bugs, and the bathrooms had everything you need. What else could you ask for? Your on vacation people so hopefully your spending more time out of your room than in it.The beach? This is Punta Cana, it's great! Although I will say that I rate the Bavaro Beach (about 20 mins away) higher. Bavaro Beach is where you will find the majority of hotels in the Punta Cana area. Our beach was nice, and if you like secluded, this is your place as this Cocotal (and it's sister hotel attached, Tropical) are the only hotels here.The Animacion (activities) are extremely friendly and they'll get you participating in a bunch of activities whether you are young or old. Most of the staff (wait and bar) and young and friendly.This hotel has visitors from across the globe and 2 great places to meet them are the lobby bar and the pool bar. We met people from England, France, Germany and from our native Canada (BC and Quebec). I would rate meeting all these different people as one of the best parts of the trip.The best advice I can offer anyone using this site for advice on a hotel; remember that these are individual opinions and everyone has a different one. I think that a positive or negative review can be either or simply on how much you paid for your trip. If I had paid $1200 for 1 week here I would probably be a bit disappointed (comparing it to the Bavaro Princess where I stayed previously), but since I Paid $680 then my review dramatically different.Hopefully this review will help you.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	2	5	4	

<Author>MELISSA29
<Content>Good vacation for an amazing price My boyfriend and I (ages 25 and 28) travelled to the Sirenis Cocotal Resort in Punta Cana.We both went for one week , all inclusive for $1, 100 taxes included. SO, ya...it's a really good deal. Mind you we did book only one week before departure so that is why the price is so good.I am writing this review a year and a half later (we travelled October of 2005).Here is a breakdown of the resort:ARRIVAL: Organized and speedy. Our room was ready and no concerns.ROOM: The room was spacious and pretty nice. No complaints. The bed was your typical hard mattress but nothing to really complain about. There was a safe and we were on the ground level of bungalo style villas.FOOD: There was a fair amount of selection at the buffet. The meat definately tasted different then the Canadian beef . Lets say I wasn't amazed but I wasn't dissappointed either. Neither one of us got any type of illness or bathroom problem so..Beach: Beach was very nice. Beautiful sand and water. ALways a chair and both sun and shade.Pool: Pool was great, especially the pool bar. Drinks were always good; they make them however you ask!Service: The staff were really great. ALways willing to accomodate you and serve you however you ask. We did not tip very often. Once or twice at dinner but no real difference in service.Disco: Okay, this wasn't very good. First of all you had to pay for drinks when the entire resort was all-inclusive whihc made no sense. Then I understand that we were in a Spanish speaking country but the only music they played was spanish. They snuck about 3 songs in of really old 90's songs but went right back to the spanish which is nice but not if you don't know how to dance to it (like me and my husband). We only went the one night and did not go back the rest of the week.Location: This resort is very isolated. You cannot walk anywhere near this resort so don't expect to talk a walk into town or anything.Enertainment: The shows were a bit lame but entertaining for what it's worth. There was karaoke one night out of our week stay which was a huge hit (all the people at the resort crowded around fo r this) however they cut if off early and did not have it again that week.That is all I can think of for now. ANy questions feel free to email me at melissagearing@hotmail.com  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NikkiPaul05
<Content>Mixed Feelings !!!!!!! Visited Sirenis Cocotal, first week in Oct 07, with my partner. First impression was ok, room was comfortable and very clean, cleaned everyday cannot fault that, however it was very shabby and in definate need of a re-vamp and update! This said however, there was work being carried out on other parts of the complex and it did look like they were redecorating and carrying out alot of maintenance work on the rooms.All Inclusive buffet could not be faulted, lots of choice and appeared to be fresh everyday.......you could also book to eat in the other six restraunts on the complex, the food in these restraunts was very average but fine, what you would expect really from a Caribbean 3*ish All Inclusive hotel.The pool area was lovely to look at, as was the beach (one of the best beaches I have seen in the Caribbean) however they could have been maintained to a better standard, ie: alot of cigarette butts left on beach and uncleared glasses, as by the pool!The little niggles that we had however, did not spoil are holiday, we had a great time at this hotel and would possibly visit it again sometime in the future.One last note, this hotel is classed as a Caribbean 5* hotel in reality it is an English 3* no more..........  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	2	2	3	3	3	

<Author>nickb2562
<Content>Tropical Paradise This one of best holidays that we have had for a long time, although I wished that we had gone for 2 weeks, as the flight can be somewhat long and tiring and you lose approx 2 days of your holiday.But on the whole it was an experience that we will never forget.The hotel was excellent, cannot understand why people give it bad reviews.All inclusive is a must at this hotel, didnt need to spend a penny, while we were there.Accomodation was excellent and very comfortable, rooms were cleaned every day, we even had a complimentary mini bar in the room, which was re-stocked every day and all included in the package.There were 6 restaurants in the complex, all with a wide range of dishes to choose from.The location was excellent as well, a short walk to beach, if you didnt like the beach then you could sit around the many pools that they had on offer, there was also two bars actually in the located in the pools, that you could swim up to and obtain you tropical drink.Entertainment was very good, they had an animation team, that made your holiday even more worthwhile.The team put on regular shows in the evenings, or if didnt want to go this,the complex had its own casino.On the whole we had a great time, and would recommend this complex to any one.And yes will be going back again next year, for 2 weeks.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jay4750
<Content>Fantastic!!!!!!!!! Myself and my girlfriend stayed here in mid september 2007. What can i say apart from FANTASTIC!! The complex is very well set out, rooms are clean and comfortable, food is amazing!(never seen so much choice)The weather was hot hot hot!!! The staff are friendly and always willing to help. Treat them with respect and give the odd tip here and there as it always helps! If you go on any trips, the boat trips are great, especially the one where you swim with sharks!! great experience!! We only had one problem with our room (loo blocked) and 10 mins after i called reception a maintnance man was at our room and had it fixed stright away!! If you take currency, dollers are what are used and you get more for your money rather than the local currency. The beach is lovely and the sea is warm. Feed the fish some bread, you will be amazed!!! All in all we both had a fantastic holiday. We only went for a week and wished it had been longer. Anyone who thinks this complex is anything but brilliant, must be very very hard to please!! Remember, go with an open mind, be respectful and enjoy!!!!!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Nico007London
<Content>Fantastic! Cant wait to return. We stayed at the Hotel for 2 weeks from 13th-27th August and had a great time.Hotel.The room was very nice, clean and tidy. Lots of choice on the tv. The grounds were spotless the keepers worked very hard and it showed. The swimming pool is great and really big and has nice swim-up bars at each end. Food.The buffet was very nice, a lot of variety. We noticed that even when the food trays were still quite full they were being changed regularly. Food just wasn't being left out for long periods. Thats peace of mind!The Resturants were also excellent. We liked the Stake House.BeachEverything it should be and more! Snorkelling is great plenty of fish to see.Kids ClubGreat my kids loved it. (Girl 9 boy 6)Animation TeamAbsolutley Fantastic. The worked their butts off to keep us entertained. I cannot praise them enough. Spaggetti, Mini Mike Tyson, Danny, Robert (the boss) and all the others who made our holiday really special. The shows they perform every night are brilliant, go see them all. And if your lucky you can be part of one of them, I was (guitar man) Special thanks to Dean my agent.Everything on this holiday was fantastic. The only thing that let it down was the Airline lost our luggage for 4 days. Never mind because lots of brits helped us out with clothes. You know who you are. Ian, Tina and the boys. Caroline, Darren, Lucy and Ray. Tara and me old mucca Dean and their boys. You guys are the best. Thanks a million and Keep in touch.Do not hesitate to book this Hotel. You're have a great Holiday!.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>filthypimp
<Content>Go to a different hotel... After ariving to the hotel. As we were lined up to check in we were given cold drinks. That was a nice after a long bus ride. We were told one of our rooms wasn't ready yet. After we waited for 40mins we got to get settled in. I was welcomed in my room with an unflushed toilet. Chocolatey. Seen a couple cockroaches under the mattress. The buffets are nice with many different dishes to choose from. But the waiters tend to ignore you and act like your not there. I had to go and ask them to bring us drinks. I was told one of the times that I need to go to the bar to get it myself. That kinda turned me off a bit. They will give you great service if your a good tipper. Better have some green ready. The ponds along the pathways were very dirty and were greenish brown. The beach is nice other than lots of trash. Not enough chairs to go around. You'll find yourself sitting in the sand. I'm not sure if people are having sex on the beach? But I seen a bunch of used condoms in the sand. We had to wait in line for 40mins to reserve our restruant. Seems its always mexican. It was good though. My friends gf was yelled at by the restrant manager for taking her coffee outside to drink. Kinda silly reason. Theres many day trips you can go on. But there all very exspencive. We all visited maniti park. It was fun. But again cost alot to go. And you have to ride on a crappy rusty old school bus with almost every seat ripped. There were many sitting areas where you can sit and drink. The nightly shows were well done. But are all put on very late. Their casino is ok , A few slot machines and tables. Many sexy ladies in short skirts. Who never smile and they look like they don't want to be there. Grouchy. The shanty town shops along side the beach are ok , The men are very pushy and put necklaces on you and forcfully tried to make my friend put on a t-shirt he didn't want to buy! And the shops seem to sell all the same things. One of my friends was in the shower and was hit in the chest when the shower head shot off. He told the front desk about this matter. But they kinda shrugged their shoulders and said they'd have sombody look at it. Yeah look at it the next day! They didn't hurry to fix that. Theres a couple of dogs that wonder around the resort. I think they belong to the shop owners. I wasn't to happy about them being on the resort. As we were going for buffet dinner. I slid forward and almost fell on my back. I stepped in dog mess that was fresh. I could of been injured. The steak house was very tasty if your willing to spend the extra money. My gf seem to get better bar service than myself. The bar tenders flirt with the guests. Its not right. We had to check out of our room by noon. And wait around with our bags for the rest of the day. The bus ride back to the airport was long as it was on the way to the hotel. Make sure you grab your bags when the bus stops. Or dominicans who work at the airport will run off with them. And them more tipping. This was a fun vacation. But a few things didn't go so well. I'll go back to the Dominican Republic again, But I'll never go back to this hotel again. I hope my reveiw has been a help.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>2	4	2	3	2	2	2	2	

<Author>worldexplorers
<Content>Good value The hotel is good overall. The beach is lovely and pool a good size. Food was good quality in comparison to other carribean hotels we have visited. The down side was at the weekends all the locals come in and basically take over. there are no sun loungers, they get very roudy at the bar and i got nervous swiming up to the pool bar for a drink with comments made as you swim past. On the first day they arrived they got so drunk that people were being sick in the pool and security had to drag them out - i didn't see it being cleaned afterwards. They take over the dinning rooms and trying to get a reservation is a nightmare as they appear to take priority over hotel guests. This was one area which drove me crazy, you can make reservations for dinner in a restaurant for that day only. so when you go at 8am (when the concierge opens) they tell you they are fully booked or they have 10pm....?!?!? Concierge we rude, maid came begging a few times at our room which annoyed slightly as we always leave tips a the end of our stay. Evening and activities staff were good, they work very hard but clearly enjoy thier jobs. the dirty dancing/ micheal jackson show where fun to watch. Casino was an added bonus if you wnated to escape the evening heat - no public areas had air conditioning - non restaurants so it did get very warm.Overall the hotel was nice enough, staff friendliness varied. Dinner reservations are impossible to get the hang off, and the weekends where a nightmare for us. the weekdays perfect!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	2	3	2	2	

<Author>thebeeches
<Content>Beautiful resort, shame about the food My husband and I stayed for one week July 2006 and were overall very pleased with the resort.The rooms could do with a little updating but were clean and comfortable.The resort was very picturesque and the staff helpful and polite.The pools were very clean and the pool bars great.It was a bit fustrating having to queue up to reserve your place at the restaurants and the food here we found quite bland. The food at the buffet, foor which you do not have to book was much tastier and had a good variety, different each day.However my main problem started half way through the week when my digestive system felt rather uneasy and from then on I was not actually really ill, until the day of our return journey, but I could not eat or drink much at all and felt quite queazy alot of the time. Since we had paid for all inclusive this was really disappointing. Whether this was caused by the food at the resort I cannot be sure as we also ate out on two of the organized days out.These were great and well worth the money. The best was swimming with Sharks! An experience not to be missed. You go out on a boat to an enclosure holding veggie sharks (LOL) and rays and you scuba dive into and in the enclosure. I am not a very good swimmer and have never scuba dived but managed. Also you have drinks and dancing on the boat and swim in the shallow clear waters. All very enjoyable.We also went on the truck safari and visited the locals and the surrounding areas. Very interesting and worth the visit.Therefore I would recommend the resort for those with a strong stomach, as my husbands, who was absolutley fine, it was an unforgetable week away..  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	5	4	3	

<Author>ShineEye
<Content>Can't Wait to go Back!       Sally the Salamander!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>happycamperLondon_UK
<Content>Just back from Serenis this morning!!!:( My Daughter and I have just come back from the Sirenis cocotal beach and Spa in the Dominican republicAt the airport, it was a breeze, no complications at all and the locals could not do enough to help. The transfer to the hotel was nothing to complain about...my daughter slept all the way since it was dark there was really nothing to see. The check-in at the hotel was smooth with no delays we were quickly were given our keys, and went to our room which was really pretty ...just remember to take your mosquito net with you....we took ours and did not get bitten even once!!! also always spray on your mosquito repellent(use one with deet ...it really does work). The lady who cleaned our room was very pleasant (don't forget to tip as it does make their life a bit easier it also ensures that you are well looked after because the word does spread around)!The buffet meal had a large variety and we honestly could not fault it. We had a meal at one of the speciality restaurants (the Mexican ...which was a dress up affair and good fun. We decided not to go to the other restaurants as we just wanted to chill as opposed to the formality of ordering etcWe did not go to the casino, or night club, as my daughter is only 11 and therefore not allowed into those areas we did however catch all the shows that they put on every night and one of my fav was the Michael Jackson show (they have a lot of talent in DR which is not even recognised)We booked one of the excursions through our tour rep and I think that is one of the best things we did(we did a full day tour on the monster safari...stopping off at different places to see the life style of the locals .. we visited some schools , church, sugar cane plantation , swam in the river shopped at a local market (don't forget to bring some spending money) and met the children(we brought some pencils etc with us for the children and they were so appreciative, it just makes you realize how we take things for granted The swimming was great (word of advise, if you are like my daughter with very sensitive skin....keep away from the pool nearest to the Mexican restaurant as it tends to get very hot there that is unless you spend most of your time under the bridge and near the pool bar where it is cooler . You are better off going to the pool on the tropical side where there is more shade). It does tend to get very hot between 10-3 sometimes even as early as 9 am so be sure to use that sun screen (we used factor 50 and my daughter still managed to get slightly burnt on the nose and cheeks:(Take part in the activities. Not only are they fun but you can also win prizes e.g. Dominican rep T shirts and the local drink which a lot of people seemed to enjoy doing. They have so many activities you don't really have time to get bored sometimes you have to remind yourself to slow down as you are on holiday. (The one sad thing I found about the activities is that some of the Dominicans tended to be extremely competitive and always had the Us against them attitude which sort of spoilt the fun-but hey that's just a few people so I shall not go into that)About the beach wear...lol.... I鈥檓 not going to burst any ones bubble but I will say this much if you want to go semi nude, why not book a nudist beach holiday. A lot of these all inclusive holidays have children and some of the younger boys were getting really embarrassed in front of their parents when they would see a woman topless.All in all we had an amazing holiday 鈥?br/>Would we go back!!!! Heck YES  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>MissesK
<Content>The Perfect Honeymoon       Mr. Turtle says  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tina_esl
<Content>A good FAMILY hotel       walkway from reception to pools  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>New_To_Travel_989
<Content>Remember to pack your patience Don't let the title fool you, the resort was beautiful, The staff were extremely curtious, and if that all it took to run a resort Sirenis would be doing fine.The problems starts when the smallest thing goes wrong. For example it took thres days of our one week stay to get a hot water problem fixed in our room, with constant badgering because the front desk and the maintenance staff wanted to keep putting it off until tomorrow. Another problem is that you should expect to wait in line for about 20-25 minutes everyday to make dinner reservations.If you want quick and happy service for your supper, consider tipping before the meal. I never did, but it seemed to make a big difference for others. One last small thing to plan for in your room, is that the electrical sockets are recessed in the wall making it impossible to plug in phone and camera chargers. If I were to return I would bring a short extention cord to make it possible to recharge my camera batteries.Overall this wasn't a bad resort, with many restaurants to choose from and great shows put on by the staff every evening, but I would suggest to be ready for some waiting.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>leonraq
<Content>So much Fun!!!!       My family  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>CPorter
<Content>Loved the Sirenis Cocotal - until we were bombared by the locals at the weekend We stayed at the Sirenis Cocotal for 2 weeks from 3rd July.First impressions were excellent, with swift check in and a fruit punch to drink while you collected your keys.It has the largest pool I have seen for a while with a wide choice of sun loungers, and three bars to get a drink from during the day.Excellent restaurants to dine at in the evening (reservations required, so be at the service desk at 8:30am to be guaranteed a place the same evening).We stayed in block D, and our room was lovely, very clean, with a well stocked minibar, and the AC worked which was a godsend in that heat.Bar staff are great, and entertaining especially El Horse!! I recommend trying the Mamawanna if they offer it to you!!Please tip these people as they work long hours and are not paid enough.Entertainers are also very funny especially Spagetti.The one downside, which would prevent me from recommending this to family and friends, or returning, is the fact that locals are allowed in for the weekend, only paying 40usd each for the whole weekend (Friday to Monday), and boy did they get their moneys worth!!! They were rude, obnoxious, and greedy. They would not move from the swin up bar of a day, therefore, you could never get a drink. They did not believe in queuing, so the buffet restaurant was a nightmare, and they were literally pigs, at one point even emptying the dessert trays, and putting the cakes in their bags !!!!They put their towels on the sunloungers around 8am (reserving at least ten beds per family) and did not use them all day !!!! They let their kids run wild, so they were bombing in the pool, and pushing you out of the way all the time !!It was a complete nightmare, and after the first weekend, it left me dreading the next, so ruined my final weeks stay.I have been to the Dominican 3 times, and I have never known this to happen before. Fair enough the locals need a holiday too, but they treat it like a Pontins camp, and I believe around at least 150 turned up each weekend!!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>jayxxxx
<Content>beautiful place, needs a few changes tho       view from our room  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>tanyaa
<Content>Loved The Staff But Hate The Hard Beds       room  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Holiday07Rotherham
<Content>Brilliant relaxing holiday We returned from the Sirenis Cocotal on the 12th June after having an amazing holiday.The hotel facilities were spotlessly clean and well presented, the gardens immaculate and a pleasure to walk through. The pool area was clean with plenty of sun beds available as was the beach. The sea was warm, clear and very pleasant to swim in or just to sit in, it would be safe for children.The service in the hotel and attitude of staff was the best we have experienced, you were always greeted with an ola (hello) from everyone. The bar staff were friendly and always cheerful, all the cocktails are available on the all inclusive so you can go through the full list!For the food, the variety available was exceptional from the buffet to the carvery, cooked to order omlettes and pasta. However if that wasn't enough you could book in for no extra cost at the Chineese, Italian, Mexican, Steak house or Vegetarian and have table service.The entertainment staff were enthusiastic at all times and the shows a pleasure a watch with a variety of day time activities which you could join in, however if you didn't want to participate you could be left alone without any problems.We were only there for a week and the weather was fine for most of the time - the odd cloudy, rainy afternoon but we came back with a glowing tan. During this time we only did the Caribean boat trip which was snorkelling looking at the fish then snorkelling with rays and sharks, again the staff on the boat were fantastic and the guys that went in the water as guides were brilliant. I am not as confident in water as my husband but the guide was so patient and helpful I was able to see and feed a variety of colourful fish.In the rooms we had a fridge which was always filled back up with non-alcholic drinks  bottled water and we had TV with English channels/films. The rooms could do with a little work to them but they were still pleasant, clean and spacious. There was some work going off in some of the empty blocks but you were not disturbed by this in any way, though apparently the first two weeks in June are their quiet weeks hence the work. All in all we had a really good relaxing week, we would go back again without hesitation, even with the long flight it was well worth it. As an extra note AIrtours were very helpful on the phone when booking and the rep was always available on his allocated times in the hotel and he was very informative (but not pushy for the trips - so go to the welcome talk).  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>lisboa_7
<Content>Big dessapointed I have been there last october and i were very dessapointed whit the food and room. The room had a lot of problems, the air condition it shed some water, the door was broke and we had a lot of rust in the bathtub.Well, it wasour first trip to Punta Cana, we want to returnbut certainty not this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	3	4	1	-1	

<Author>levoltaire
<Content>very nice hotel       swimming pool  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>lesleyelse
<Content>Well worth it!       The garden  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Chica858
<Content>Tell Reynaldo Cheena says hola       The Micheal Jackson Show  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	3	5	5	

<Author>ArleneYHZ
<Content>Amazing Holiday =:)       Pool showing Steak House  Creperie  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lovethesunToronto
<Content>Great hotel, Great value We loved the hotel, great service, decent food, great for kids. Went with 2 other couples with kids 14-16 months. Overall the resort is a 4 star resort in my opinion. Very large resort with large swimming pool, and lots of restaurants.Food: Was good - steakhouse and mexican exceptional (tried the vegetarian since one person in group was-that was awful though). Other than that the Buffet restaurant was great also.Beach-excellent, clean and well kept.Rooms- clean and well kept. Checkin- we arrived at 12:00 noon and our rooms were ready. Long bus ride to hotel 1 hour. If you have kids make sure you have something to keep them busy in the bus.Make sure you bring some STRONG MISQUITO SPRAY- we put on the kids misquito spray it did not help us, the kids were fine. That would be the only concern. Alot of people we say had misquito bites, actually just got back yesterday and still have the itching feeling. Weather: was great except for one evening rained for 2 hours then was fine.Would definately go back to this resort. Kid friendly.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>5	3	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Whiter_than_White
<Content>I got Married Here!!!!!       our perfect day!  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>cameronmackenzie
<Content>awesome vacation! A group of 20 people, ranging in all ages, went to Sirenis Cocotal and Tropical Resort on March 25, 2007. Before going we were reading reviews on Sirenis. Some were good and some were bad, but you will alway get some bad reviews even being a 5 star. I feel there really isn't much bad to say about this resort! AIRPORT: I loved the Punta Cana airport because you walk off the plane and you are outside. The airport was easy to get through this year and we didn't have to wait in lines much. We all got our bags and then we went to see the Rep who instructed us where to go. The airport was fast and easy. THE TRANSFER: The bus ride to the resort is an hour, but there is a lot to see while travelling through some of the smaller villages. People say the roads are bumpy but Canada has pot holes as well and the drivers do try to miss them.CHECK IN: Check in was good they are ready for you when you arrive. The Dominicans are so friendly. The locals at the front desk were some of the best people I dealt with at any of the resorts I stayed. I would rate the Check In an 8 out of 10.BEACH  POOL - These were two of the best things about Sirenis. The beach is awesome, there are sun loungers for everyone whenever you need one. The water is very warm and there are waves to make it even more fun. There is a lot of coral so if you like to snorkel you will like the ocean at Sirenis. This beach is just like Bavero Beach as you can walk forever. When you walk to your right for about 45 mins. there is a little mall and then another resort called Sunscape. When walking the other way about 20 mins. you come to another resort called Excellence. The beach has a lot of palm trees for shade if youneed it. Overall the beach was one of the best beaches I have been to. I would rate the beach a 10 out of 10There is one very huge pool. There are two swim up bars at each end. It has places for kids and adults. The pool is every clean and well kept. There is a lot of activities around the pool in the afternoon and it was fun to go for a swim and take it all in. At night the pool is lit up. It is fun to go down after the show and see it all lit up. I would rate the pool a 10 out of 10.THE RESORT: The resort is very clean and well kept. The resort is huge. You do a lot of walking. There are two sides to it spit in halfby a walkway from the Lobby to the Beach. The Cocotal side is on yourright and the Tropical Suite side is to your left. They are the same resort the only thing different is on the Cocotal side they are regular rooms and the Tropical Side they are suites. I would ratethe resort a 9 out of 10. GOUNDS: The gounds are well kept. They are some of the nicest groundsI have ever seen. At night the resort is all lit up and you can stillenjoy the grounds. I would rate the grounds a 10 out of 10.ROOMS: The rooms were nice and well kept and very clean. We had nice swans and flowers in our room daily. I would rate the rooms a 7.5 out of 10.FOOD/DRINKS: The food is very good. There is a lot to pick from. There are 7 themed Restuarants. We did not go to any so cannot comment on how they were. The breakfast was one of the best meals of the day for me. They had everything you could think of. For lunch we would go to the Restuarant by the pools. They also had lots to pick from and for supper we would go back up to the Lobby. Supper was always good. We all loved the food at this resort. I would rate the food an 8 out of 10.ENTERTAINMENT: The entertainment was good all day. They have a lot to do if you wanted to. In the evenings after supper, there would be a singer in the Lobby or Keroke. It was a lot of fun to watch. The nightly shows were awesome. The locals are awesome dancers. They alsohave a Dicso and Casino if you like. I would rate the enterainment an8.5 out of 10.TRIPS: We chose not go on any excersions this trip as we have been onmost of them before. But other people in our group did go on the Bavero Runners excersion and had a lot of fun going to visit a schoolhouse and exploring the Dominican countryside.OVERALL: I would go back to this resort in a second. The locals are very friendly. If you are beach people this is a great place for you.I hope I have helped you. Do not listen to all the bad reviews as this place truly was awesome! I alway say a vacation is what you makeit. My rating overall for Sirenis would be a 9 out of 10!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>miataPortugal
<Content>Great!! Everything just fantastic!!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DominicanDreams
<Content>Great Vacation My boyfriend and I stayed at the Sirenis Cocotal from April 4 - 11. We managed to get a deal through Itravel2000.com for $759 per person plus taxes. HOTEL  FACILITY: The hotel rooms were average but clean and well air conditioned. We stayed in the M block. We were both happy that some of the tv channels were English. GROUNDS  BEACH: The grounds were very well maintained and lush. The beach was amazing. I couldn't have asked for a more beautiful spot of sand, sun and crystal blue water. Never had a problem getting loungers at the beach. Didn't spend much time at the pool but it was also very nice and clean.STAFF: I found the maids to be very friendly (especially after I gave them a gift of body lotions, soaps and other toiletries). All of the wait staff was attentive and friendly. FOOD: The one issue we had was with the food but to be honest I'm quite picky and won't eat eggs or milk in poorer countries. If you don't have that issue, I think you would have enjoyed the food much more. There was always plenty of fresh fruit. We tried the Steakhouse, Creperie and Mexican. The Steakhouse required reservations three days in advance, we went there twice and had the steak and the chicken. The chicken was fabulous and the steak was okay. The Mexican was very good and the Creperie was horrible. Probably just not my style. One night the buffet had roast beef and it was great, the gravy was also very good. I would suggest taking some snacks in your luggage as lunch is probably the worst meal of the day. I bought one bag of chips from the resort and it was $6.00 US. All in all this was a great vacation for the amount we paid - under $1000 per person including taxes from Vancouver, BC. I wouldn't have been so happy if we would have paid more but I don't think we could have had a better vacation for the price.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>JoanneXEdmonton
<Content>Loved the Sirenis Cocotal From Joanne (Madame X). We (a party of 4 adults and 5 kids ranging from 10 -17)were at the Sirenis Cocotal Mar 28-April 4/07. After reading many negative reviews on this site, I was very nicely surprised with this resort. I think the people who complained are just people who like to complain or else they're all a bunch of rich folks who were trying to save some money. Our room was nice, clean and decently deocorated. The grounds are well kept and clean. The food was fine. When you go to a place that has such a variety of food you are bound to have somethings that you don't like. Trust me, our kids don't like everything we put on the table! The pool and ocean are wonderful and the staff, happy and friendly. If you great them with a smile and Ola, you're sure to get one back. We are from Central Alberta and we've had snow and cold since October so I'm sure as heck not complaining when I come to a beautiful place like the Sirenis Cocotal. I don't spend a lot of time in my room or hanging around in a restuarant. I can do that at home. As for bugs, well I saw a couple but not nearly as many as I see here in the summer. You complainers out there, don't come to Canada in the summer!!!!My only complaint has absolutely nothing to do with the hotel. If you don't like Quebecors (and I hadn't really expericenced them til now) don't go to the Sirenis Cocotal as the place is crawling with them. I have never met such a rude bunch of people in my life. On my first day I was waiting to use the facilities in one of the the nice clean washrooms. There was one woman ahead of me. Another woman from Quebec (she told us where she was from) came into the john after me. When the next stall came available she just ducks ahead of me and goes in. She must have thought that I just liked to hang out there. There were many, many, many, times that we got butted in front of in line by a French speaking person. You have to stand on the person in front of you's head so they know you are in line I guess. They also do this with their children, so they make sure they go up with bad manners as well. Unbelievablely rude people. That aside, the resort is great for a decent price and I would recommend it. Beware of the Mamajuana!!!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>simon_eta
<Content>Amazing Place. My girlfriend and I have just returned from the Sirenis and after we read a few reports saying that this was not a good placewe wasnt sure although working in the travel industry we have learnt not to listen to bad reports unless a hotel has a endless list and this hotel well no it doesnt. This was a amazing place and would recommend to anyone. I cant understand why some people didnt like it. The hotel was clean and the staff were so friendly, yes they wanted tips but you could genuinely see they enjoyed working there.When you land at the airport and walk into it you look around and just think wow. They have no walls and the roof was thatched and you knew then that you were in the carribean. The first thing they did was take a picture of you with 2 cheekas in carribean costume and then you buy on you departure back to home. Our photo cost 300 pesos.THE TRANSFER - Although it was dark when we got there we didnt get to see much but we did slow down a few times on the way, then on the way back we could understand why. Roads well they aren't like ours, they are full of pot holes etc but when you pull into the hotel grounds, you drive down a long road then you see the grand entrance and it looks brilliant. The transfer to accommodation took about 1 hour. ROOMS - Our room was in K Block on the Cocotal side, right by the beach and amazing views of the sea. We had 2 kings size beds, which was quite handy just in case we fell. After being on the beach or the pool for the day it was great to walk into your room and be hit by a nice cool air.. In the room you also had a free minibar which only included soft drinks and water.BEACH  POOL - The beach was awesome and does get very hot. our first day was great, after the welcome meeting we decided to go the beach and the first thing we saw was the bar and next to it was the BBQ. All this is included in the hotel and since day 1 it just made it special. You can also do loads of water sports on the beach which are included however they do ask you if you want insurance waver just incase you damage their equipment but just say no, we did it was fine. You can do kayaking, Water sailing, catamaran, snorkelling etc.The pool was massive and you could swim right round it, but word of advise make sure you stop at the 2 pool bars so you can have a drink, after all that swimming you will need to get you strength back, good excuse for a drink.FOOD  DRINK - Food was good, drink plenty of it and you could get a drink all the way till 3am if you went to the Casino. At the Hotel they have 2 Large buffets and 7 themed Restuarants. - Mexcian, Seafood, Vegetarian, Steak House, Italian, Chinese   Creperie.Although the restuarants were very good, in 6 of the themed restuarants they dont cater for vegetarians on the menu, but all you have to do is tell them and they will make something for you, they did for my girlfriend and she like it.When booking the themed restuarants you do have to book in advance but is well worth a visit. Bear in mind the Chinese  Vegeterian are very small and have a few tables and is best to get this booked out the way first.In the Afternoon it was nice to go to the restuarants by the pool as they did all various kinds of food including fresh crepes which was nice with ice cream.ENTERTAINMENT - They worked really hard and you could tell they enjoyed there job, believe it or not they have 31 in their team. We saw quite a few of their shows and although didnt do any singing and a few gaps here and there, they were very good and are absolutely amazing dancers. They did Grease and many more etc but the best one had to be on our last night which was a variety show and one of the Entertainers, Spaghetti is funny although he is Dominican he like to tell people he is from London and walks around saying 'alright geezer'. funny guy.NIGHTCLUB  CASINO - Both of these were free to get in but you had to pay for your drinks when in the night club, you could pay with either US Dollars or pesos it didnt matter, and the drinks were not to expensive, so it was worth it. They played all kinds of music and onced it finished at 2am you could go into the casino for the last hour.The drinks were free in the casino as long as you have a gone, the minimum bet on the tables were $5 or 100 peso's. We had a few goes, was fun but never really won.TRIPS - We went on the 3 trips and they were all worth the money we spent. Monster Truck Safari, Carribean Festival  Seona Island. We travelled with MyTravel and upgraded the seats to Premair Gold and was worth the money as it made the journey very pleasant and comfortable.Simon  Caroline  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CristinaKitchener
<Content>So nice! We came back at the end of last week and I'm still thinking about our vacation. It was so nice, I loved it! The resort is beautiful, clean and practic. Everything is handy. Good sized rooms, nice and clean restaurants, people- so sweet.The kids had so much fun, they had no time to get bored. And us, the adults, also had no time to do everything that the resort offers. Maybe next time we'll go for 10 days. If you are planning on going to this resort, do it! You will not regret it, trust me.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>molly75
<Content>we had a great time My friend and I have just returned from this resort and we loved it. We were very worried before we went as we had read lots of negative reports on this website. After experiencing this place for ourselves, i've no idea why it has got so many negative reviews. We travelled with Airtours and it was well worth the money. THE TRANSFER - As mentioned in some other reviews the journey to the hotel was very bumpy and was along windy roads. We don't normally get travel sick, but we both felt sick on this journey. It took around 1hr to get to the hotel, but a canadian man told us it took them 2hrs, as they had to drop people at other hotels.ROOMS - Our room was in B block and was very clean and tidy. We had 2 queen size beds, a minbar fridge and a balcony. The maids were very friendly and did a really good job. The tv had quite a few english speaking channels, mostly american.BEACH  POOL - The beach was really lovely, but the sand was not as white as i imagined. We had no problem getting a sunbed, even if people came at 2pm there were still spare sunbeds. It was quite breezy at the beach, which was nice as the weather was hot. The sea was a bit wavy, but we were still able to go for a dip every day. The pool was really pretty and huge and again there seemed to be plenty of sunbeds.FOOD  DRINK - The breakfast in the buffet included cereal, smoothies, pancakes, hot breakfast, fruit and loads more. We used to have lunch at the buffet next to the pool, which included bbq, crepes, salads, pizza etc. The only downside to the food was the evening buffet, it was very basic and the food was not as good as the first 2 meals. We ate in the vegetarian, the creperie and also the italian restaurant some evenings, all of which had lovely food. We never had any illness the whole time we were there and we ate most types of food. There was a wide variety of drinks available at the bars, but the cocktails were a bit strong, 3/4 alcohol to 1/4 mixer!!!! There was even a bar on the beach which was handy.ENTERTAINMENT - The entertainment team were excellent and very funny. They based the entertainment at the beach on a morning and the pool on the afternoon. They had aerobics, volleyball, football, competitions, dancing and darts??!!?? THe evening entertainment consisted of a singer in the lobby bar and shows at the large theatre, which were really good. We also noticed a games room at the front of the hotel with pool etc and also a golf driving range. The casino near to the theatre was worth a look in, but the disco was a bit of a waste of time. It was empty most nights and the only music they seemed to play was salsa!!!We would definately return to this hotel which had something for everyone, it was good for couples, groups, singles and also families with kids. There were mainly french canadians at the resort when we were there, but some americans, french and british. Don't be put off by the negative comments and im sure you will have a great time.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>OntarioDiz
<Content>Wonderful Experience!       Fancy drinks at the bar  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bubble06
<Content>Great place! We stayed at the Sirenis Cocotal from 5 March to 19 March. After reading all of the reviews, mostly people saying bad things, I have to say I was worried about going. I am so annoyed that I actually considered changing hotels. We were extremely presently surprised when we arrived. We were greeted with a fruit punch and the staff were so friendly, as they were throughout our holiday. The hotel grounds are outstanding!Our room was very clean, yeah we had a couple of cracks in the wall but its not like we were spending 24 hours a day in the room, im sure you would find something wrong anywhere go on holiday. Even the maids were so friendly, always saying hello, leaving flowers on the bed, in the bathroom, and making a heart out of towels. The beach was gorgeous, sand not quite as light coloured as I hoped but it was still beautiful! Always got a lounger on the beach and around the pool even as late as 10:30am. You needed to get up earlier if you wanted an umbrella. The only bad thing to say really is that during the second week the hotel was over run with French people. They were extremely rude blowing cigarette smoke in our faces, pushing you out of the way at buffet etc and we even had our towels stolen from the beach whilst we were having lunch one day. As they were the hotel towels we had to pay $15 per towel! I was not happy, I complained to the management and she gave us a towel so we only had to pay for one, and then we helped our self to a French towel on our last day. We didn鈥檛 let them ruin our holiday.On a Friday, Saturday and Sunday night a band consisting of a man on keyboard and a woman singing were on in the lobby area. They were brilliant, singing Spanish, English and French songs. People were up dancing, it was such an authentic atmosphere. Even the music they played in the lobby every night over the sound system was great. The entertainment that was on in the theatre every night was quite good. The team were professional in there and they were brilliant dancers. Some of the shows they put on weren鈥檛 our cup of tea but there was always something going on. To be honest, entertainment wise, we would have preferred another couple of bars. We are a couple in our 20鈥檚, there was a night club but aren鈥檛 really that fussed with clubbing. We did try and go one night to try it out but it was closed. You had to pay for drinks in there and we didn鈥檛 really have enough spending money to have been able to do that every night anyway. Try the Lumumba Cocktail which is Brandy and Chocolate, its delicious!! The bar men were very entertaining, singing, getting you a new drink before you even finished the one you were drinking .The breakfast and lunches were great at the buffet restaurant, so much choice, gorgeous pancakes, cereals fruit and loads more. The dinner we found a bit repetitive after the first week. I am extremely fussy but managed to find something to eat every night. We only ate a la carte once, as we are to lazy to queue up for the bookings. They queues were never as big as people made out on previous reviews though. We ate at the Italian, which was good food but nothing special really. One night our toilet blocked at about 11:30pm, I called reception who said they would call someone out to us. Half an hour later, still heard nothing so I called again and they said they would now call them, so they still hadn鈥檛! Someone finally arrived next morning at 8am. After 3 phone calls and I had the phone put down on me once too. I was annoyed but again we didn鈥檛 let it ruin our holiday. We did a few excursions. The horse riding, which was brilliant, Bavaro beach is superb!! We suffered a bit from saddle sores though and we expected the people at the El Pat Ranch so tell us a few safety tips first really but we didn鈥檛 seem to get anything. We went on the Monster Truck Safari which again was really good seeing the real Dom Rep, but be prepared to use some unsavoury toilets!We went to Saona Island and that was like paradise. The sea so clear! On the way there it was a catamaran and on the way back, a speed boat! Speed boat was great fun!! We stopped at natural reef to find star fish on the way back. Someone found some just as we got back on the boat so was good photo opportunity. Overall Sirenis Cocotal was a gorgeous place, so relaxing and the staff were so helpful and polite we couldn鈥檛 believe it. We would go back but we would like to try a hotel in Bavaro next time as the beaches are outstanding.I really cant believe that people slated this place so much, I was expecting to be greeted by a down trodden resort but it was the total opposite. Its not 5 star, id say 3* plus, but you have to remember that overseas ratings are not the same as ours. If you aren鈥檛 happy staying at this place then you must be used to absolute luxury and that you really have to pay for. Believe me this place is brilliant and a holiday to remember.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>shivanie
<Content>it was awesome i would advise anyone to go there the people is fabulous canada scarborough ontario2007 marchi had jus t returned from the dominican trip and i can't stop thinking bout the wonderful time i had there and the gereat food i ate and the lovely people i met there it was terrific you should definitely go!!!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>doodieCanada
<Content>Super trip! We were at the Sirenis Cocotal from March 11-18th. The hotel is great....can't really relate to the negative reviews we read prior to leaving on the trip. I believe our whole airplane was staying at this hotel, thanks to a screw-up from Sunquest Vacations...They put the wrong price on their website, so most people got the trip for a steal! Thought the line up for check- in would be awful since there were four full buses that arrived at the hotel all at the same time, but they were very efficient. They had the room cards already filled out.... not too long of a wait at all. Enjoyed a couple of beers while we waited. Room- Fine, very clean...oceanview L block. Kind of noisy out in the hall as we were on the ground floor by the stairs. Maids left nice flowers everyday around, fridges stocked, lots of towels etc. Brought adapter from dollarstore...worked well.Beach- beautiful...windy but breeze was nice or it would have been to hot to sit out for too long. Food- Good, can't complain...I agree that it got boring after a while but I am a picky eater...Didn't get sick at all.... which is the main thing. Excursions- Go on the ATV Quadrunners...fabulous... real hoot!Husband went deep sea fishing... rough....lots of sick people on the boat.. didn't catch anything but saw lots of dolphins. Staff- very hard workers, friendly (most) Activity Staff- Tried really hard... lots of fun Grounds- lovely... staff working all day to keep nice.p.s. Can't complain about trip....well worth it! ONly advise... don't eat the pizza at the airport...husband and I both got sick about 1 hour into flight from it! Not good to have stomach and butt problems on such a small airplane!!Jill and Darcy  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>J-MOT.
<Content>Great experience Having just returned from a week's vacation, during March Break, to Sirenis Cocotal with 2 kids, aged 6 and 9, my husband and I can only say we are completely mystified and frankly annoyed at the negative reviews of this hotel. We came fully prepared for a very busy and crowded resort where sunbeds were not always available and where there would be line-ups for everything from front desk service to bars to buffet to restaurant reservations. Previous reviews about the hotel rooms also made us quite anxious ( exposed electical wires, water coming out of light fixtures!!!!) So needless to say we became slightly apprehensive about our trip, especially with recent bizarre reviews saying this was the worst hotel ever!  All we can say is that our experience was completely opposite to these reviews. All service; front desk , Sunquest rep. kid's club,restaurant and bar staff was excellent. We were able to find sunbeds whenever we arrived at the pool or beach (Not at 6am!) Never had to wait more than a few minutes for a drink and even the specialty restaurant reservation took only 15 minutes. We had no problems with our rooms aside from noisy guests returning from the disco in the early hours of the night/morning. Our maid was thorough, we never lacked for towels, hot water or water pressure. All staff seemed friendly and cheerful. The food at all the buffets including the beach barbeque and the Mexican restaurant were very good to excellent. Food was always hot with lots of variety. We especially loved the fuit smoothies, the crepes (available all day), the breakfast omelets and the soups. I find complaints so miniscule as, a bird flew in to the reastaurant really ridiculous. In fact, we really are stunned that, in a gorgeously manicured resort full of lovely gardens and beautiful pool areas, not to mention stunning beaches and ocean view, people actually take the time to photograph minor imperfections in their room (I know , some people cannot not complain, but really!!!) To continue with this review, I must say the evening shows were spectacular, the dancers are very talented and entertaining. The Kid's club took our kids for 4 hours a day during which time they had tennis lessons, archery, swimming, dinner togetherand various games. There was also an evening disco (at 8:30 every night) where they played games, danced and had contests and competitions run by a great leader named Klaudia. They received Sirenis t-shirts and award certificates. They were also entertained by Mr. Spaghetti, a very funny clownish character who hosted may poolside activites. They especially loved the banana boat rides and taking photos with the animals (lizard, monkey and parrots). We also participated in beach aerobics and stretching, had massages ( very good), scuba lesson in pool , went out for a snorkel ( ocean was quite rough) and used the gym facilities. We enjoyed the drinks and never found that we needed to tip in order to get good service. Overall we had an outstanding time and concur with all those reviewers who give this resort a 4 or 5 star rating. The weather was wonderful, hot and breezy and we loved the waves. We will definitely be back next year ( this time for 2 weeks) . Our children had the time of their lives and so did we.J_MOT  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IloveToTan
<Content>Wonderful hotel. wonderful location okay ill keep this simple with headings:airport: very clean. very nice. they take your picture and you get it in the end. fast lines. baggage area is great and very quick. busses wait for you. overall really goodbus ride there: took 1 hr. bumpy roads. can get sick easily so take gravol or something like that. very curvy roads also. you go through a couple of towns so you get to see how they live like. check in: quick line up. get your room and you get welcome drinks which was pretty coolbeach: absolutely amazing. and thats what mainly matters right?? white sand. huts for keeping away from the sun. tall gorgeous palm trees. long beach so there is so much area to build a sand castle or lie down. or run around. or play vollyball...etc.pool: consists of many parts...there is like 3 big pools connected by a lazy river type thing. very relaxing. pool bars in the pool. people: absolutly wonderful! theyre very nice. the entertainment crew rocks! youll fall in love with everythone there. you can sit down at a table and within 2 minutes someone will come over and ask you if you want somehting to drink. at the pool buffet it might take a while longer since there is so many people. towels; DONT WORRY if you lose yoru towel. i lost mine. and i got really scared because they say if you lose it/ someone steals it you have to pay for you well i lost mine. went to the front desk. and they got me 2 more...just in case. again..really nice peopleweather: well i went for march break...so it was cooler it was like 30 degrees everyday. it rains..but for a bit (like 2 seconds if anything in the day time). one night it rained for a good 2 hours...but thats just life. you cant change that . haharoom: great. perfect size. the only problem is the fact tat there is like one light in the entire room.........that was annoying. but anyways..its not lik eyou spend much time in there.ALRIGHT. so overall. IT WAS AMAZING remember: a vacation is what you make it. and i cant stress that enought. this place is PERFECT. GO HERE if you:-want a nice rest-want to hang out with a crowd of friends-have teenagers -have little kids-are old LOVELY HOTEL. would go back !! ps. feel free to email me if you have any questions  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cubatourist
<Content>You get what you pay for We visited Sirenis Cocotal during the prime Canadian March Break March 11-18, 2007. Usually this resort sells for $1500-$1800 Canadian per adult per week, departing from Toronto. We purchased it on a selloff at $549!!! We got our money's worth, and more, but would have been disappointed if we paid the usual going rate. Depending on the tour operator, the resort is rated as a 4 star, 4.5 star, and the resort itself rates it a 5 star. We've travelled extensively through the Carribean, and we think it's no more than a 3.5star.FOOD- There is plenty of selection, it is very well made and presented. There are 2 buffet restaurants and 7 or 8 other restaurants where you have to make reservations. Yes, you do have to line up to make the reservations, but there are 2 desks to do this at. Tourists seem to be blind, because they all line up at 1 desk, with 15 people in line, while the other desk has only 2 people in line. All those who complain, open your eyes! We tried 4 of the reservations only restaurants. The food and service were fine, but quite honestly the buffet was just as good, and some nights even better, so why wait in line? Go to the buffet. Oh ya, and remember, you are in the Dominican Republic! If you want Canadian standards, or U.S. service, then stay home. You'll find Dominican food and Dominican service, but guess what? You're in the Dominican!BEACH- It's very clean. The water is wavy, some days more than others, but there is a roped off area which seemed to be ideal for swimming every day, even for kids. The sand is a yellowy brown, not like the white powdery stuff in Cuba, but it's easy on the feet, not coarse like other parts of the Dominican.POOLS-large and extensive, always clean. There are shallow areas suitable for kids, babies, non-swimmers, and deep areas ideal for those who like a challenging brisk swim.CLOTHING/ATTIRE- There appears to be a shortage of bathing suits in Europe, particularly bikini tops, as the majority of the women from France and Germany wore only bikini bottoms. By the end of the week, our 9 and 12 year old boys could tell apart, real and implants! At least 60 percent of the women at the resort go topless, and have no problem participating in sports and going to the bars topless. If you don't like this, then you might not want to come here. When people actually were dressed, it was usually casual. We rarely saw anyone dressed up, or wearing formal attire. Ladies, don't fret over how you look in your bathing suit. The average size of women here was at least size 14 or 16. Hardly anyone was in model shape. Almost everyone had bulges, yet most of them wore bikinis, or just a skimpy bikini bottom. Everything goes here, and nobody appears to be body concious. People dress for comfort, some even wore slippers around the resort all day and night!ROOMS/FACILITIES- All the facilities were kept very clean. Our room was spotless. However, it's not a brand new resort, so some of the tiles were cracked in our rooms, (we had 2 rooms). The walls were a bit scuffed up here and there. The linens were clean, but not designer colors or styling. It's not perfect, but everything works , smells clean, and is certainly comfortable. The maids did an excellent job. We left them a dollar per day, and some trinkets (eg. perfume samples, chocolate bars, hair accesories from dollar store, etc). Yes, it's an all inclusive, and no, you do not need to tip, but then again the maid can give you basic service because that is all that is included. If you want an extra towel, if you want excellent service, then you have to go a little beyond too and tip her. And really, a dollar a day isn't going to break your bank account, but it will feed her family. TIPPING- The resort is all inclusive and you do not have to tip. We saw that some people never tipped in the restaurants, and they still got good service. We figured that at home, we'd be leaving our waiter at least $5 to $10 as a tip if we went out for dinner, depending on the cost and service. So a dollar tip would be a bargain to us, but a winfall to the Dominican. Considering that we got good service at this resort, we left $1 U.S. at each meal. That's only $21 for the whole week. To us, the amount was nothing. To our waiters and waitresses, it was a lot. The look of delight on their faces was unbelievable, all for just a dollar!!! If we got the same waiter again, you can be sure we got incredible service, not just the usual good service. ENTERTAINMENT-Typical resort entertainment, if it's your first time there, you'll think it's funny, great. If you've been to Cuba or Dominican before, then you know what to expect. It's the usual get the drunken tourists on stage and get them to make fools of themselves for a couple of nights, Dominican dancing shows, an EXCELLENT magic show, etc. It's entertaining, but not a Braodway show. There's a small casino there. If you want to or have to gamble, then it's got what you need, tables, cards, slot machines. However, it's not Las Vegas or even Niagara Falls. It's a couple of small rooms with a bit of everything, but that's it. The 2 service attendants who give you slot machine tokens and change are the most unhappy, miserable employees in the resort. They will not talk to you, are quite happy to talk on the phone with a friend while you stand patiently in front of them, waiting for over 5 minutes. Don't take it personally, they do it to everyone. Best of all, they are even more unhappy when you cash in your winnings!WARNINGS-When we checked in, our room wasn't ready. The check in attendant said it would take a couple of hours, however for some international money, maybe he could do better! We said no thanks and had lunch. Later we went to a different attendant and the room was ready. There are jewellery/trinket vendors in the lobby 2 or 3 times per week. They are scam artists, do NOT buy from them. They lie that this is your only opportunity to buy things out here in the middle of nowhere. They try to sell their lava rock gray mettalic necklaces for $30U.S. If you barter long enough, the price goes to $20 U.S. At the beach vendors, the exact same and better necklaces cost $5U.S. The hotel gift shop sells rum at $10US for a very small bottle, $26-30US for the 750ml. AT the beach, we bought the big bottle for $7. Always count your change. When we phoned home, we had to pay the front desk immediately after the call. We paid them in US cash. They claimed not to have US change (this is always the story as they LOVE U.S. cash) and gave us Dominican pesos for change. I noticed they shortchanged us by about a U.S.dollar or two. This led to 2 front desk attendants quickly talking in Spanish, and suddenly forgetting how to speak English. When I showed them the calculations, and explained their error, one simpy walked away. I again showed the other one his error, and asked for the proper change, or a manager who could speak English and do math. He quickly remembered his English skills and said fine, here angrily and gave us the remainder of our money. Overall the resort is nice. It is clean. The grounds are well maintained. The buildings' exteriors are very lovely, possibly renovated recently? There are plenty of photo opportunities. There are TONS of things for kids (and adults) to do, such as tennis, soccer, archery, water polo, pool tables, etc. The kids can join the kids club for the whole day, or just drop in for the sports and activities they like. This resort had the best kids mini disco that we have ever seen at any Carribean resort, and we've been to many. It started promptly (which is unheard of in the Carribean) at 8:30pm and the kids danced on stage, played games, received certificates for the daily activities, etc. The babysitters/instructors were great with the kids and the kids really, really had a good time. The down side is the tourists. You get a mix of cultures from Europe (mainly France, a bit of Germany and England) Canadians (mainly Quebec, and a bit of Ontario and Alberta). Different things are acceptable in different countries, and when they all meet in one Dominican resort, it's sometimes hard to handle. Some people think it's okay to leave 20 cigarette butts in the beach sand beside their lounger, even though there are thousands of ashtrays everywhere. The next person to sit there gets angry because of the mess, and blames the resort. Some people think it's okay to walk into a restaurant dripping wet in a bathing suit, soak the floor, then bud in line at the buffet, grab some food, and sit their wet bottoms in a cushioned chair and have lunch. Others, including the hotel staff are disgusted and horrified by that. No one wants to sit in that chair after them. There's a saying when in Rome, do as the Romans do. If the tourists would just use common sense (which isn't so common here), and bring their manners along on their holiday, the resort would be a better place. Eventually, if you understand some Spanish, you will overhear the staff saying in Spanish stupid tourist, or crazy cow. But, wouldn't you feel the same way, if day after day, the people you have to deal with and serve, get drunk, and act as if they are better than you, and have total disregard for your customs? Would you want to smile and say hola to a drunken 300 pound hairy wet man, dripping all over your lunch buffet, and say how can I help you? Would you want to get drinks for a 300 hundred pound topless woman with hairy armpits, dripping all over your bar ? Probably not. That's what the Dominican's deal with every day. I think they deserve a tip. I can see why they get a little sick of the tourists, even though we bring them money and give them jobs.The resort is great, and if you get your holiday for a good price, you will be more than satisfied. At the regular cost, it's not really worth it, and you can go somewhere better. It's the other tourists that will frustrate you, not the resort or the staff.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	3	4	1	3	4	

<Author>EnglandThunder_Child
<Content>THE TRUTH!!! of this Hotel       Over view of the Hotel  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>spearmint
<Content>disappointing Just come back 12/03/07 from sirenis cocotal beach resort my partner and i. One the whole the holiday was good. We had a good rest, which was the aim, so we did not want to do too much. Just a few things i would like to mention, as some other reviews have said the same thing. Not told by My travel agent that we would be picking up passengers from Manchester. Stuck on tarmack for another 2 hours. Not happy. In flight entertainment poor, if you got your screen working. after a 14hr journey we were exhausted. Did not need the bumpy ride over pot holes to the hotel, which was another hour travelling. Check in ok! Room smelly and mouldy although very clean. Too tired to change rooms, went next morning to ask to be moved to another room, completly forgot about us, and continued to serve other customers. Very rude! Told we had to come back next day a 3pm, as there were other people wanting to change rooms. I wonder why ? Whilst using the bathroom facilities, water was dripping on my head, coming from the light switch above my head.. Gave us another room. Not quite so bad. No face cloths, and one morning returning from breakfast, i decided to take a shower before going to the beach. Not a towel to be found. I had to dress dripping wet and go to find the cleaner who forgot to leave towels after cleaning the room. Queing to book restaurant, nightmare. Had to stand in long line. Managed to find sunbeds everyday at the far end of the pool. Pool and beach beautiful.Food not too bad although got a bit boring towards the end. Booked mexican food night. Was just the same as the lunchtime menu. Never bothered with another restaurant. Entertainment not bad. Not what i really like, but hey ho! Bavaro runners trip excellent. Get to see sugar plantations, and taste beet. Be careful, kids come out of nowhere and hassle you. A guard with a gun was standing by to shoo them away. A lot o bribery and corruption going on. If you tipped the receptionist to get you what you want you were ok! as did a nice guy frm Canada, who didn't like his room, so he tipped 50 us dollars and got it changed straight away. Would not go back again although on the whole we had good holiday. Just be aware  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tropicalprincess
<Content>i loved it!!! i just came back form a 1 week stay at SIRENIS COCTAL and it was amazing!The peopel there are the best, they are so kind and friendly.The beach was amazing and the water was perfect (there are plenty of coral reefs, which are great for snorkeling!)The food was quite good, their was a large selection at the buffet at diner time. As well there are soem greta a la carte restaurants which were delicious.The swimming pool was enormous and fabulousThe nightly entertainment was great because of the super team of entertainers which organized activities liek the olympics during the day and things like kariokee for the night.( as well as the dance shows at night)Overall it was a great hotel, YOU CANT GO WRONG!!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>davetheraveSunder,
<Content>no way a five star. poor 3 star hotel i decided not to play the putting towels on sunbed game unlike the french  canadians which they played with gusto every day, the hotel has a resposibility to stop it other hotels we have been to have, some people had 3 sunbeds with towels or flip flops on 1 by the pool 1under the palm parasol  1 on the beach i honestly thought that sort of thing stopped years ago, another thing was there were no no smoking areas people lit up everywhere you could not get away from it, our room was ok but we spoke to a couple who had 4 different rooms  had given up asking to be moved again, food was ok drink poor, the bottom line is would i ever go back ? no way we were really disappointed with the hotel  the sunbed game, dont even think about the golf driving range its just a net  the archery was even worse enough said i think .  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	2	3	2	

<Author>HerefordshireChoc
<Content>Loved it, would go back tomorrow My boyfriend and I went to the Cocotal Feb 26 - Mar 5th, and I really was worried after reading some really scathing reviews of the place. All I can say is some people must have some exacting standards. The room was wonderful and spotless, the grounds were something that Charlie Dimmock would be proud of and all the staff from the maids to the reception staff couldn't be nicer and more helpful.Food was very nice in the buffet, and we booked in the steakhouse for our last night there. All I can say is starve yourself for a few days before eating there, as we had a cow each to eat!!The pool was wonderful, clean and very inviting to just go and take a dip.We both fell in love with the Dom Rep and we plan to go back again next year.Clare Baldwin, Herefordshire  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>debinatore
<Content>2* at best, lacking in quality, poor security       Our room doesn't look like anyone else's or any pics I've seen for here.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	2	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>a.bridger3
<Content>brilliant holiday just returned from a weeks holiday at sirenis cocotal! couldnt fault it atall. hotel facilities were brill the hotel is sat on the beach where sunbeds are provided free and there is a bar there too. some days they have a bbq on the beach serving burgers hotdogs chops steaks salad etc... the themed restraunts were great the chinese was probably the best, the main buffet was also very good with lots of variety. breafast was both english and continental they would cook your eggs for you and prepare any omlette you wanted also fruit smoothies were prepared to your choice. there was food avaiable all day. the hotel was clean and kept very nicely. the grounds were lovely with pink flamingos and ducks pottering about. the gym was small but adaquate for most peoples needs. there was aerobics on the beach at noon each day which was fun and not too exhausting! the staff were ok not overly friendly though some even came across quite standoffish but not rude. the entertainment was good one night but didnt seem to be that much going on but plenty of bars to prop up. there was a nice atmosphere we didnt see any lager louts .i well definatly be going back!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SirenisDon
<Content>Great Trip, Certainly recommend it We loved out trip. The resort is beautiful. The beach is amazing, lots of room, the waves weren't too big, the water was warm, and clean, and not a million boats zooming by. There are no beach sellers bothering you, and there are a lots of loungers. Would have loved more shade though for my one year old. The pools were our favorite spots. Lots of shallow and deep water for the baby and adults a like. The swim up bars allowed us to stay hydrated and the el presidents were cold!!! Phillip茅 and I got to know eachother well. We never bothered reserving shade on loungers since we always just borrowed shade from people that never used it! That was annoying but we always found ways around it. This is a problem at every resort though. The grounds were really nice. they must have an army of gardeners. Wow, the rooms were big, well air conditioned and clean. Our little guy got bit with a few misquitos one night but within an hour of us asking they were in the room to spray. No problems after that. I assume misquitos are all of the island as its all lush and green. The restaurants were really great. The food was typical DR fare, nothing to right home about, but lots of variety and the quality was top notch. An artist is only as good as his tools. The staff were very helpful and friendly. The nightly shows were really good and there was tons of activities and facilities for sports, games, etc. The resort is over an hour from the airport but that really only was a problem for our little guy. We enjoyed the ride though the country side to see the country. There were lots of kids at the resort.I would definately recommend the resort. I think the negative reviews are as a result of picky travellers, or one off experiences. Everyone I talked to at the resort was having a great time.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Bowen13
<Content>Worst hotel ever,dirty substandard never four star Very poor quality hotel ,queues for everything,never advertised that there were two hotels sharing the facilities of one.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	4	

<Author>Meanseca
<Content>Fine for short last minute crash  We have been to the Dominican Republic about a dozen times and each resort has its good and bad. The Sirenis Cocotal is fine for families or anyone wanting a nice little getaway with not too much fanfare. Had we paid full fare for the vacation package l would have been disapointed but if you travel last minute like we do, then there is great value in the DR. We paid $617 CDN plus tax for the one week holiday in January, so we can't complain too much. One must be in the relaxed state to mind to enjoy a trip.Obviously service can be a real problem in the DR (at least compared to our standards) so one must take it all in stride. The best way to increase your level of service is to take along a pile of one dollar bills. It is incredible how much service can be attained by a single dollar. Once you establish that you actually tip, (unlike many cheapos at all inclusive resorts) they immediately recognize you and the level of service shoots up dramatically. In total, 3-10 dollars a day will completely change your satisfaction in the holiday. Isn't $40-70 dollars worth it, considered the total you've paid for the holiday.The property is huge and beautiful, with many things to do. The beach is very nice and it and the whole property have many palm trees for shade.The food is slightly boring for selection(compared to other all-inclusives l have been to) but edible with no effects of the runs or becoming ill. About 6 a-la-carte restaurants that require you to line up from 8-10am  4-6pm to reserve. Its a pain in the butt to do but for a little change of venue it may be worth it for a couple nights. Also if you grease the lady at the desk ($10-20) you can get into restaurants that are full or booked.Not good for singles looking to snag, more for families.The casino is charming for its size. Pool is fantastic  large.The shows at night were usually entertaining.TV gets enough stations. Bring a towel to save chairs with.Spa is nice but didn't use it.Only downside is getting there. It is easily 1 hour via bus so bring your ipod. Rooms are fine-some better than others.Also, bars are scattered so bring your own Thermal Mugs.The bars don't have much fancy liquor either, if you like the fine stuff.Alot of europeans and breasts on the beach so if you are a real prude, this may offend you. Personally l couldn't get enough.Overall, great deal if you just want to crash and burn on the beach and relax. Go last minute and decide based on price.If you pay over $800-1800/week, it may be too much. At $600-800 its sensational value.....Just eat, drink and relax.Don't forget the singles.All the breast!Meanseca  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>daveappleyard
<Content>never a 4 star hotel Hotel advertised as a 4 star booked with Airtours, who said hotel way and above 4 star. The price was very competitive. We were not told that our flight would go VIA Manchester, and take 3 hours longer, we were not met by a representative of Air tours (My travel), but by a local who was not really sure as what todo ..he had in excess of 130 going to this hotel. There was no Airtours rep at hotel for our stay only a local once again who represented 6 companys, who was very good at selling day trips but was unable to sought problems which he encountered every day. The general clenliness of rooms was poor, and many people had to change rooms due to poor fixings, or poor condition in general of rooms.(A full refurb of approx 75% of the rooms required). Something that is not mentioned is that there are 2 hotels on the complex, and at one stage the complex had in excess of 1800 people, both operations use each others facilities. The food is basic in buffet areas, and in speciallity restaraunts very similer, you must book these but this has to be done at least 24 hours in advance as the number of people who are dineing at any one time can be enormous and you are not guarenteed a place due to being full up, this then makes it a situation that you must book befor 8.00am on the day, you wish to eat, once again this can take up to 40 minuites to do, only to be told no spaces for this session  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pam&Jack
<Content>Great Vacation, But....... We stayed at the Sirenis Cocotal Beach Resort and Spa for two weeks (January 23, 2007 to February 6, 2007). I checked Trip Advisor several times for write ups on this resort. I had noticed that several comments were made to the quality of the food, so we weren't expecting 5 star. Needless to say, there was not much variety, always the same. Also, we picked up an intestinal bug the 2nd week we were there. It has taken several weeks to recover from this. We were very careful about what we ate and also didn't drink any drinks with coconut milk etc. Also, the system to book for the al e carte restaurants was horrible. You have to stand in line to book for a restaurant that probably doesn't have any openings for that evening. You can only book one reservation per day. There has to be a better system. When we did get to go the the restuarants, we noticed that there was a lot of tables empty. Also one evening when we were at the Chinese restaurant one couple walked by and our server gave them a high five and told them that they don't need reservations at that restaurant. That disturbed me, because we had to stand in line for half an hour to get the reservation.All in all the staff was 5 star, always cleaning, polite and making sure that our table was cleared, water/wine glasses always filled etc.The beach was wonderful, we had two weeks of sunshine and spent most days on the beach.We had requested a beach front room and of course we did not get it. What we did get was a room that was the farthest from the beach as you could get. The ceiling in the bathroom was falling in and there was no shower curtain, so when you had a shower there was water everywhere. We requested to change our room and this was a headache, but persistance pays and we finally got our room changed. This seemed to be a bone of contention with several people that we talked to.We went on two excursions: one to Saona Island. With this you go on a catamaran to the Island come back by a speed boat. Great fun. We also went to Catelina Island, also by catamaran, went snorkling, then to went to a ranch for lunch and horseback riding. This was the cleanest place I have ever seen. The owner also pays a man at the Island to make sure the bathrooms are clean. Very impressed. We would definetly recommend this outing.We purchased a phone card from our travel rep., he advised that there would not be a connection charge from our room, there would only be a charge if you used the hotel phones in the lobby. One day I was trying to call home and we could not even get a line out of the room. It ended up that they had disconnected our line as they thought we had checked out. After getting our line connected again, we could not get through to Canada. I tried several times (probably 20) and no luck. We called to the hotel switchboard and asked about lines etc. Anyway on check out day we were charged $2.50 for each call. $50.00 U.S. I was not happy, you could see that the call only lasted 2 seconds and we explained that we could not get a connnection. There would be no way that I would have tried so many times if I knew that I was being charged.Don't get me wrong, all in all it was a good vacation, but I would not go back to the Sirenis but would go back to Punta Cana  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	2	5	3	

<Author>HunnibunniWiltshire
<Content>Great Time! But tainted holiday! My friend  I stayed here 22 Jan til 5 Feb. The resort is lovely, room excellent, food ok, beach lovely, weather fantastic 85 degrees every day!We only had one problem with our room one day where the toilet flush handle broke, we told reception before breakfast and when we got back to the room it was all repaired. Buffet food is good the first week and then it does get repetitive. We ate at the Italian quite a few times, best pizza I've ever tasted!! At the Chinese the service was so slow that we only had our starter and looking around most people had left their main courses so we left and finished off at the buffet.The beach is lovely and we spent nearly all day there every day. The sea is lovely and clear, when its not too choppy - but great fun going out on the kyaks in the waves!!The shacks at either end of the beach where you can buy souvenirs are quite pricey even when they pester you to come in if you walk past.....cheapy cheapy I give you good price....but not cheap enough!!The only thing that has tainted this holiday for both of us is that we picked up an intestinal parasite while there. We both had two bouts of diahorrea for four days at a time and since being back have both been off sick from work for two weeks with really bad sickness and diahorrea - I even ended up in hospital I was so bad. Environmental Health Officers say with the incubation period that we caught it as soon as we got to the resort. This parasite apparently is the hardest to get rid of and will stay with us for years and years with reoccurences. So a nice reminder of our holiday in the years to come!!! Just beware if you do go to this resort.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>Ms-Douglas16
<Content>You pay for what you get We stayed here from the 29/01 until 19/02/2007. We booked with My Travel direct and we seemed to get a bargin price for 3 weeks. No fault with the flight except on booking we were told the plane stopped at Gatwick to collect new crew!!! 45 minutes max. 2 1/2hrs sitting on the tarmac no fun with the planes doors open in the depths of winter. Arrival went smooth as did the coach ride to the hotel. We checked in for 10pm, Robert the receptionist said if we didn't like the room to come back in the morning and he would change our location. We asked for a high floor sea view. We thought this strange but we didn't see a problem as we were on the 1st floor and we could see the sea (side view). Day light came and on opening the curtains we realised why he said what he said. Our room over looked the back of the beach shops (huts) where they dumped the rubbish they were seen urinating, washing their clothes and there were also apartments and houes half built. We went to change our room along with 3 other couples and were told the hotel was full so like it or lump it. We spent 3 weeks with the curtains closed.The system they have for booking speciality meals is just stupid, 30min wait in line only to be told where you want is full or you can eat at 6.30. The best one is the Seafood followed by the staekhouse. If you wany Dehli Belly go to the Chinese, the only way to describe it is think, of the worst one you've ever had and trust me this is worse. If you want hot food I suggest you use the microwave as it is more often cold than warm.Sun lounger are not a problem the Brollys are we witnessed a fight between 12 french who ganged up on a married couple with a baby and they literally threw them off their loungers because they were on them the previous day and they were in the shade! 4 Germans tried to step in and all hell broke loose. The hotel needs to sort this problem out, if you burn easily or you don't want to be in constant sun then you need shade this will only be achieved if you join the mass and get up at 5.30am and bag your loungers. Previous reviews have been mixed, I found this hotel tired, dated and in need of a major cash injection things, did seem to pick up towards the end of the holiday as the Hotel owners were over asking lots of questions and giving questionaires to guests the holiday overall was a little disappointing mainly due to the managment not listening to their guests. The staff are friendly hard working and trustworthy the cleaners are underpaid only $50US a week they do 12 days with 3 off and live onsite. All tips are welcome Bar staff are raking it in the othe staff are not so spare a few dollars for them.Over all this hotel is average it is not a 5 star anymore the dropped it to a 4star I would rate it only a 3 star. As they say Can do better. p.s. the weather was perfect constant 88f.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lindseyahern
<Content>Excellent!!!!               
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>MrsW001
<Content>Had a Fab Time Having read the wide range of reviews for the Sirenis from the very bad to the very good I decided to go with an open mind and not pre-judge this hotel. We arrived quite late in the evening, and the check-in was a bit of a pain but the queue did move quite swiftly and we did receive a welcome drink almost immediately. I can see why some people have complained if you look hard enough this hotel does have faults and if you are expecting perfection then it won't meet your standards, I advise everyone to take the Monster Truck Safari, experience how the locals live and then complain if your room is a little damp or a plug doesn't work it made me feel very grateful for what I have I can tell you!!!! The restaurants are superb and the food really very good and the booking system wasn't the hassle I had been led to believe by reading some reviews if you booked in the afternoon for up to 3 days in advanvce you can guarantee to visit any restaurant, our favourite was the Chinese, however if you are only visiting for 1 week I can see the potential for problems as when we did the morning booking for the same evening the earliest we could get was 8.45pm sitting, dress tends to be casual jeans, T.shirts, shorts widely accepted. The snack bar at lunch was very good with a wide variety of dishes each day, there was also a BBQ on the beach on a few occasions at lunch but i can't comment as we never went. The beach was absolutely fantastic with plenty of loungers we were walking down between 10am-11.30am and never had a problem finding a spot and I didn't want to play the towel game like many others did, this appeared to be especially bad around the pool. The sea is very warm and can be a little rough I felt that kids should be supervised. I would advise that you take US Dollars you do tend to get more for your money, especially with the rate at the moment, than with Pesos especially with the trips we saved about 拢30.00 on our trip compared to a couple we met there who paid in Pesos. We visited for our honeymoon and we had a brilliant time, neither one of us wanted to come home and would revisit this hotel as we got such good value for our money.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>steve&linds
<Content>Best in world This was the best holiday ever!!!! we got off the plane yesterday morning and I feel I must write this now. Billy at the pool bar was like a member of the family all week, a cold presidante(Lager) awaited me whenever at the bar, rafiello at the watersports offered great sailing etc. Food is great in the buffet with a good selection of different foods. The only negative thought, the chinese is bad, dont' bother waiting all week to get a booking as it is not very good. Allways barter hard as they like this and buy from the beach not the cigar shop as they are very expensive. If you have booked this hotel you are in for a good time.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	3	5	5	4	

<Author>hegro
<Content>Loved it We spent two weeks at the Sirenis Cocotal Resort in the Dominican Republic from January 17 to January 31, 2007 and we have nothing negative to report. We landed in the Punta Cana Airport. This airport is open and hot. Passengers have to board the plane outside and walk across the tarmac. The resort picked us up at the airport in a nice air-conditioned bus and it took over one hour to get to the resort, because of the stops the bus has to make to let passengers off at other resorts. We had no problem checking in at the front desk and we did get the ocean view room we requested when we booked. The resort is huge. It is actually two resorts in one, because the Sirenis Tropical suites is just on the other side of the wide walkway that leads from the lobby to the ocean. All the buildings are three stories high.The place is immaculate and kept that way, very well organized and the rooms are cleaned fast and thoroughly. The beach is huge with plenty of palm trees and there is shade for the people who seek it. We never had to fight to get chairs. It was windy most of the time and the ocean not as calm as we would have liked, but there is a huge reef farther out in the ocean and the waves break there, so the ones who get through are not strong. For the people who like to lounge around the pool, it is huge and kid鈥檚 friendly. Because of the Sirenis Tropical suites resort next door there are many families with children, but it is not a problem. Dining: There are two buffets and seven a la carte restaurants. We didn鈥檛 find booking for the a la carte restaurants a large problem, but you have to stand in line for over half an hour most of the time. We went twice to the Asian (the shrimp were good), twice to the Seafood (Try the grouper, it is excellent). I had an upset stomach for a night because of the shrimp cocktail in the pineapple. I found it too rich. The Steakhouse was okay. I found the steak too salty.Lunch we had in the restaurant close to the ocean, by the pool. In the evening, it is the Italian and Mexican a la carte, but it is a buffet during the day. Wonderful crepes for desert.The staff is friendly and attentive, and they don鈥檛 make a distinction between the different guests, the way we found in Samana last year, where they catered mostly to French speaking guests.Because the resort is so large there are a lot of people, however, we never felt crowded. Everything is laid back and it is fairly quiet, except for a couple of days, when a bunch of young people was being towed around on a rubber dingy by a motorboat trying to plunge them into the water. That was quite annoying because it was too close to the swimming area and therefore noisy and the stink of diesel overpowering.There are resorts on either side of the Serinis Cocotal, about half an hours walk along the beach. A nice walk, except for the aggressive vendors in the gift shops who will intercept people who walk by them. The food was good, plenty of variety. The soups were delicious. This was actually the first resort we鈥檝e been to where the beef was tender enough to be edible. The pork and chicken was excellent and prepared in different ways. Lots of fresh salads and salad dressings, not just vinegar and oil. Deserts were fine, too. The lobby is large with plenty of chairs and tables to relax. There are two bars and no problems getting drinks. On the weekends there is entertainment in the lobby with a singer (she鈥檚 was great) and Karaoke (I won鈥檛 comment on that!)One of the disappointing things was the fact that there is not much for shopping around the resort, except for the gift shops, and they carry only the usual souvenirs. We found prices high. And they only carry rum. One vendor brought us Gin, but he wanted 1,500 pesos (that鈥檚 55.00 US dollars for 1.20 liters!!) Then he came down to 1,000 pesos, which is still around 37.00 US dollars. (We got 27 pesos for 1.00 US dollar at the hotel. There is no other place to exchange your traveler鈥檚 checks and they take advantage of that.) We bought our duty free liquor on the plane. Not as cheap as buying it in a store in the Dominican, but still a bit of a saving.Going home, it took almost two hours to get back to the airport, because some passengers in the resorts on the way weren鈥檛 ready, so we had a bit of a rush at the airport. It is hot standing in line to get processed and light clothing is recommended. There are no liquids of any kind permitted in the carry on luggage, so we had our lunch on the bus (we packed it in the morning). All in all, we had a wonderful holiday and we鈥檒l probably go back there.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	3	5	3	

<Author>brfenton
<Content>Loved it We had booked another resort in Punta Cana but switched to this resort when we saw recent excellent reviews. They were true. The resort is 1. Well managed and well maintained. 2.The pool is well maintained, large and very nicely laid out, and never crowded. 3. We could always find seating on the beach and around the pool even when we went at 10am4. The food and service was great5. The beach was beautiful and there was very little hassle from the sales personnel that were always ready to serve you. They are friendly and go away if you indicate that you are not interested. 6. We were never bothered on our long walks to the Secrets or Sunscape resorts about 20 and 30 minute walks7. The windsurfing equipment is marginal at best, and you are not allowed to take it out if the wind is sufficient to actually use the small sails that are available. I was sorry I did not take my kiteboarding equipment as the wind was better than forecast.8. Be warned the resort is about one hour from the airport over narrow bumpy roads. My wife felt ill, so if you are prone to car sickness take precautions.9. I was concerned about bugs so took bug spray and never opened the package. Never saw a Mosquito while I was there but they were spraying for them regularly.I would go again no question.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Snowflake
<Content>Enjoyed our stay very much...       shark on the beach  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>tr.w.us
<Content>windy Jan 5 鈥?12 2007We are a couple in early 30, experience travelers, with many visits to Cuba, Dominican, Mexico, and Bahamas.FLIGHTSkyservice - plane e320 is very small, can feel every little bump  they put people like sardines. No J class. Flight was 4hrs and 25 minutes to Punta Cana from Hamilton. If you flying from Hamilton note that this facilities are very small, and yes - no duty free or smoking area.ARRIVE IN PUNTA CANAPrepare yourself to walk from the plane down the stairs. Quick process at the airport. Bell boys not too pushy - just say NO. Ride to resort is another story - they say is around an hour - more likely two hours on curvy, bumpy road. Sirenis is one of the fares one, so be prepare to stop in others resorts on the way there - too long. TAXI faster, but not recommended - not sure about safety.SIRENIS COCTAILLate check - in is a totally nightmare - it seems like they don鈥檛 know what they doing, that is why is so long, no welcome drink. Be prepare to wait till morning hours to finally get to your room and even then you cant be sure that there is nobody else already sleeping there. It had happened too many people on our flight - ....and haw many others?? In the middle of the week we were awaken in the early morning by another couple try to get their room. Since there we kept 鈥淣O MALESTADE sign outside our door.Rooms - good size and clean. Be preper that some of the things in the room may not working and it takes forever for them to fix it ( things like - phone, air condition, patio door) thing that takes 5- 10 minutes in here - over there is like 5 - 10 hours and there is always tomorrow. NOTE - if you plan to have some gifts for cleaning people - they are most men, not ladies. We were at 鈥淜 - coco side - the best ocean view - just few meters away from the beach  pool.Food 鈥?there are choices of food for everybody, and we didn鈥檛 see anybody being hungry. Only disappointment was in a lack of fish. Island and no fish sound bizarre. The 鈥淎l Carte鈥?restaurants are in my opinion are waist of the time 鈥?most people end up at the buffet anyway. What is the point to serve a chicken at 鈥渟eafood restaurant鈥?or 鈥渟ea cocktail鈥?with two little shrimps in it and rice?????Entertainment - except few shows there is nothing there. Perfect for anybody who like to be in bad by 11 pm. Bar open till 12 am with no international drinks. Daily entertainment is very poor. If you are a party animal look somewhere else. Disco is small, smelly, dark, and you have to pay for the drinks. Going outside the resort at night time is not recommended due to your safety. Shopping 鈥?there are few shops in the front of hotel 鈥?expensive, for good bargain visit one of the small shops at each end of the property , right on the beach. Bargain, bargain prices , they usually start from high and you can pay only 20%. Nice paintings.Grounds 鈥?very clean and in good shape 鈥?from time to time you can see crew working on something 鈥?no problem.Beach and Pool - beach is not bad, cleaned daily. Coral reef is close to the beach 鈥?watch were you stand in the water. Pool is nice, big, two swim-up bars, quiet section, kid鈥檚 pool 鈥?cleaned every morning. You have to reserve a lounge early in the morning.Extrusions 鈥?there are few trips that they are offer, but really nothing special and way overprice.Overall impression - It is not bad for 3.5* - 4* resort. Very windy.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	2	4	1	5	3	

<Author>TorontoTravelfriends
<Content>Not Worth It!!! We arrived in punta Cana from Jan 8th-14th, I have to say that we have been to DR before and stayed at some very nice hotels, and this one was by far one of the ones you should run from,.Defenitey not worth it.Uless you'd prefer some creepy crawlers climbing on you like cockroaches and trantulas yes I mean it in your room and by the food, disgusting , to say the least.Your food always cold and not enough varities out unless you complain, but even then the staff ignores you and front desk must hear it all the time cause they dont care wether you didnt get an oceanview or not....Theres mud everywhere, if youd like to step in it everyday, then its a place for youI have to say the beaches are beautiful here but thats about it.If you think your getting an ocean view room think again not the resort it says it is more like a 2.5.I would say that about 11 ppl that we talked to got sick out here, well with what you seen and what you got you would too.Cockroaches and Spiders I mean massive ones would be enough to carry you away run I say run.........You get whatyou pay for CHEAP, poor quality, disgusting food and service....You can do alot better then this resort.......Please do your homework and don't end up like us 6 completley dissapointed...  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RobLondon
<Content>OK for a cheap last minute booking Just returned from 7 days at the Sirenis.Flew from the UK with Airtours and Mytravel who I would avoid travelling with in the future. Very cramped flight, incredibly uncomfortable seat that had metal bars running through them at the level of your lower back which was a bit much for 8 hours. Inflight meal was the usual standard and entertainment was pretty poor - only 3 films to choose from, but I did like the cameras you can watch mounted outside the plane.On arrival at Punta Cana airport things were a bit of a shambles, had to queue up just top find out what coach to get on - they could have just had a rep with a placard stood to one side.The hotel was sufficient. We were told it was a four star and it's only really a three star at best. The room was big and clean. Ours was situated in the A block on the cocotal side and just above the buffet. We left toiletries and $1 tip each day for our maid and this meant we had flowers laid on our bed and our fridge was always stocked.The buffets were sufficient with a fairly good range and variety although it was usually only just warm and often left sitting around for a while. But a fairly good range of salads and the more typical pizza's meat, chips etc.One problem I had with the place was the amount of queueing we had to to. If we wanted to eat in one of the a la carte restaurants we would have to queue up the day before between either 10am and 12 or 4pm and 6 for anywhere up to 15 minutes. The guy making reservations wasn't very efficient and even when we told him we wanted to eat in the Vegetarian restaurant twice he still managed to book us into the creperie, although the crepes were nice. We also ate in the Italian (very poor), the vegetarian (surprisingly good) and the chinese (didn't actually eat because there weren't any veghetarian options).The pool area was good but if you want to get a lounger with a shade get down before 9am and stake your claim early - don't worry, no one steals your lounger as long as there's a towel on it.The bars by the pool are pretty good and if you slip the bartender a dollar now and then they're very grateful and try to serve you quickly next time. Cocktails in general were a bit poor and they use very little fresh juce in them.My girlfriend made use of the spa facilities a couple of times and she thought it was a good service and very reasonably priced. Although she rather stupidly got a manicure and the sprayed jungle juice mosquito spray on her body which dissolves the plastic nail varnish due to the DEET in it.One recurring problem we found was the speed at which the concierge and maintainance staff work. We once ran out of toilet paper and it took two phone calls top have any brought up and when they did they brought towels instead. Our toilet also blocked one day and it took 2 calls to reception and a face to face request until someone came to fix it which was a bit much. Although I don't speak Spanish I did try my best (which is more than most English people did) the majority of the reception staff have a pretty good grasp of English although not fluent.Before I travelled to the DR I looked into booking Scuba diving courses. The dive school at Sirenis didn't seem to good before travelling so I booked with Dressel Divers located at the Iberostar in Bavaro. Once I saw the Sirenis dive school I was pleased I went elsewhere. I'd recommend using Dressel Divers as there are well reputed and provide a good level of PADI training and courses right up to instructior level.For my diving I travelled to the Iberostar hotel in Bavaro each day by cab. I had hoped I could make a deal with a cab driver as I went there and back 4 days, but they were very exact on costs. The 30-40 minute taxi journey cost between $30 and $35 one way which is pretty expensive but this was the standard rate all drivers charged.I spent quite a bit of time at the Iberostar and would definitely have preferred to stay there and would recommend people who are thinking of going to the Sirenis to try and stay and the Iberostar resorts instead . It seemed like it really was a 4/5 star resort with much better facilities. I also went on a diving excursion to Saona Island which was run by the Dressel Dive School and we travelled to another Iberostar in Bayahibe on the Caribbean side to depart. This resort was even better than the Bavaro Iberostar and I wished I could have stayed here.Overall the holiday was OK for a last minute deal and it wasn't too expensive. But after seeing some other resorts I definitely wouldn't go back to Sirenis Cocotal. The whole resort just seemed like the usual crowd of Costa Bravo binge drinking holiday makers had decided to pay bit extra and travel to the Caribbean. There was even a wedding that happened while we were there and this took place right next to the pool area in the middle of the afternoon which didn't exactly seem very romantic and I wouldn't imagine it was the fairytale wedding location that was probably advertised. For a more chilled, relaxing beach holiday I'd look elsewhere. But for the last minute booking the place was OK.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	2	3	2	

<Author>Canadahoneymooners
<Content>Excellent with a couple of reservations My wife and I just came back from 14 days of beautiful sunshine and relaxation on our honeymoon at the Sirenis resort. The weather was excellent. The room was perfect , the staff were exceptional. This was the first time for us to the Dominican and we found that the natives (staff) were a very happy and friendly people. The food at the buffets was more than adequate for the discerning tastes, breakfast, lunch and supper. The a-la-carte restaurants were also very good with full table service. Depending on what you want to do during your stay , the beach and the pools are very well maintained. The shops out front of the hotel are pricey for bug repellent , sunscreen and other products, so just be aware to bring these prods with you.The Bar staff are the best!!! Fado, Kenya, Willy, Alberto  Basillio they make your stay more inviting, truly fun! When you order a drink tell them Senor Crocodillo told you!!!The only reservations we found were: The desk staff are limited in their english and to make sure you have enough U.S. $ in 1sAn american 1$ goes a long way down there.Don't expect any currency exchange within the hotel as per dollar for dollar.300 pesos is equivalent to 10$ U.S. They will exchange the currency for Dominican pesos which are worthless outside the country 0.04 cents. And they give you 270 pesos for 10$ U.S.We went on 3 excursions # 1 swim with the Sharks  stingrays, excellent # 2 Swim with the dolphins, again excellent, #3 trip to Saona Island, well we were cheated on this one, we paid the fee but never got to the island, we ended up at a nice beach, foodbooze and catamarin back,but not to the island where there were wild dolphins to swim with and crystal clear waters as they advertised. Cocotours gets you there, checkout the cocotours repOther than that an excellent vacation, Bang for your Buck!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SmithToronto
<Content>not great My family and I stayed here from December 31-January 7. We wanted a beach holiday, and fortunately the beaches were beautiful and it was sunny and hot every day. This resort was a disappointment though. I'm sure it was nice when it was newer, but it is in need of a spruce-up. This is a 3 star at best. Although the people were really sweet, the service was not good. We had to phone for toilet paper and towels! The food was err...acceptable at meal time (not great, but none of us got sick), and the snacks were bad. Note to families with teenagers!We took our two kids ages 16  19. New Years Eve was a blast, they met a lot of kids, but there really wasn't much for them to do at night. They were in bed early. Unusual. Note to parents again, poor security at night.The first two rooms that they gave us were not ocean-view as requested. We were assigned ground floor rooms facing grass. After several trips to the front desk and a cash bribe to the manager, we were given primo rooms facing the ocean and pool in building G. I know it's wrong to have to do that, but we love to sit out at night and enjoy a nice view. There were still problems with the rooms, but we chose our battles. It wasn't worth begging for extra pillows, AC repairs, bulb replacements, hand soap etc. Bottom line...the DR is beautiful. Go there, but first check out trip advisor reviews and choose a 5 star resort in the top 5. We have friends that have stayed at Iberostar, and Club Med and they absolutely loved it. I'm sorry to be negative, but we didn't like this resort. I should have done my homework. You can do much better.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	3	2	2	

<Author>BryanOntario
<Content>Had a great time and want to go back! My wife and I have just returned from a great 1 week get away. Never having been away in 13 years except for our honeymoon it (the vacation) didnt need to be much for us to have a great time. We were pleasently suprised at the facilities, got there late on Saturday and it wasn't until the next morning that we got to see the grounds, pool and beach. WOW! A very nice resort and very...very friendly staff. The food was good and there was lots to be had. Drinks were great and again there were lots to be had..... at least by us. Stay away from Felix's specials unless you don't have far to walk back to your room.I would recommend this resort to anyone, couples, families and even singles.Thanks for the great week Sirenis Cocotal  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>josie-essex
<Content>great chill out holiday we have just returned from the sirenis cocotal, for anyone who is about to go there please make a note of the essential things to take with you which will follow:Flights: we travelled with My Travel, and although the planes were very clean, and the staff polite, it was a bit of a nightmare flight as the seats are so close, if you are tall i would strongly advise you to pre-book extra leg room or else you are going to be very uncomfortable by the time you get there.Transfer: we were seated on our coach shortly after landing, the journey was very bumpy and lasted for just over an hour.When we arrived at sirenis it was very impressive with everywhere lit up and the christmas trees still sparkling, the queue for check in went on forever, and by the time we reached the front we were hot sticky and a bit irritable, you have to start filling in forms etc, as we had arrived on an evening flight we only had minutes to spare before the evening meal was over.Accommodation: not all of our group were happy with their rooms, i didnt mind mine and settled in nicely, i would however strongly advise that the standard rooms ARE only suitable for 2 people sharing, if a third person is in the room you have to wait ages for a fold up bed to be delivered and when each person has paid 拢800 to be there it can cause arguments about who is sleeping on it!Food: hardly anyone in our group (8 of us) liked the food, there is a good variety in the buffet restaurant, but the food was never piping hot, after being there a few days i then noticed a microwave where you can heat food to your required taste.Staff: no complaints at all about staff, they are very friendly and happy to help you, but the reception staff are so used to people complaining that they just fob you off, the reps offer very little help.Entertainment: is very limited.This is not meant to be a negative review, and if you are just looking for a relaxing holiday then it is a lovely place to be, but i genuinely dont think you need to travel this far as i am sure there are as good complex's in europe.The complex itself is lovely, the pool very clean, and the beach is very nice, but there is still quite alot of work being done on the gardens, so if you are going soon you will find muddy patches everywhere.The most important bit of advice i can offer is to make sure you do not forget any of your toiletries, insect repellent,sun tan lotion.......there is a small shop on the complex that charges extortionate prices for such items, confectionary is also very dear they charged 拢1.60 for a snicker bar, 拢1.50 for a bag of peanuts, and 拢2.60 for a tube of pringles........so be warned!overall we had a pleasant holiday here, the weather was good, but there were lots of showers, it can be a bit boring sometimes but if you go on some of the excursions it will help.Make sure you tip the room person and they will take good care of you, our room was always decorated with fresh flowers on the bed, and plenty of soft drinks in the fridge.Would i go back here?.............i dont think so, but if you are booked here do have a nice time.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>agh721
<Content>Thorough review of the resort We just returned from a week at the Sirenis Cocotal resort in Punta Cana. Before leaving I was looking for a really good review and couldn鈥檛 find one that was recent and detailed. Returning home I found the most DETAILED review and description of the resort on Debbie鈥檚 Dominican Travel site 鈥?from Bob from Canada. It captures pretty much anything and everything I had wanted to write about the resort. No point repeating perfection! Ha haInstead I have written below any additional comments I have about the resort and our experience there. I have travelled extensively to resort areas including the Mayan, Puerto Vallarta, Cuba, various places in the Caribbean, California, Florida, and Hawaii. This was my first trip to the Dominican and I loved it as much as anywhere else I have been (except Cuba 鈥?I did not like it there). I went to Punta Cana with my boyfriend (both in our late 20s). The flight, which was 6.5 hours, coupled with the 1.5 hour transfer time to the Sirenis made for a long travel day. Once there we forgot all about it, until the way home of course! We didn鈥檛 do any tours so can鈥檛 comment on them first-hand but had friends there that did some of the tours and there seemed to be a lot of variety available and they enjoyed them. We were at the resort from December 26th-January 2nd. The resort was very full, but we were still able to enjoy it fully. Resort Grounds: The renovations/changes to the Boardwalk down the middle to the beach was near completion when we left 鈥?they were working hard on it all week while we were there and made quite the transformation. We didn鈥檛 see it before 鈥?with the water, but it looks really nice now. They were continuing to do work on different areas of the grounds when we were leaving. One thing we noticed is that they didn鈥檛 cut the grass very regularly 鈥?it was getting quite long when we left. Food: Unlike Bob鈥檚 review, everything was open while we were there (both buffet restaurants, and both beach restaurants. They also had the beach grill a couple days we were there 鈥?the chicken was great!! There was a tonne of variety 鈥?nothing to complain about. We heard some people complaining about certain items. Our thoughts 鈥?if you don鈥檛 like it, don鈥檛 eat it!! There are lots of other things that you will like and can eat. The New Year鈥檚 Eve Gala meal was incredible. It was better than what we had a 5 star in the Mayan last New Year鈥檚 Eve. They even had whole lobsters. We were there at the peak of fullness and never had to stand in line for food at any of the buffets (unless you wanted an omelette in the morning).  We did go to a few of the a la carte restaurants. The options are: Vegetarian, Mexican, Italian, Chinese, Seafood, Steakhouse, La Creperie (French). There was also a gourmet restaurant but it is $35 per person. We went to the Chinese, Seafood, Steakhouse and La Creperie. We enjoyed the Creperie and Chinese the best. Don鈥檛 let the Creperie deceive you 鈥?you wouldn鈥檛 think a dinner of crepes would be good or satisfying but it was both 鈥?tres bien! The Sirenis or Chicken crepes were the best. Some might find the portions smaller at the a la cartes but you can always ask for extra entrees and they are happy to provide them. To book the a la carte restaurants you had to stand in line in the lobby. They took reservations first thing in the morning (from 8-10 or 11), and again from 4-6. You could book for as many nights as you wanted during your stay (we were told only 1 or 2 when we booked our vacation package, but once at the resort it was a free for all), with a couple catches. You could only book one reservation at a time, and could only book up to 3 days in advance. So on Monday morning you could book Monday, Tuesday or Wed night. On Monday afternoon you could book for Tuesday, Wed or Thurs (as there would likely be nothing left for Monday). So you couldn鈥檛 stand in line in the morning and book for Monday and Tuesday night. If you wanted to book more than one night you鈥檇 have to stand in line in the morning to book Monday night and the afternoon to book Tuesday night. The a la carte restaurants were quite booked when we arrived and as a result we ate at the buffet the first few nights and got reservations for later in the week 鈥?once we caught onto the process for booking. When we arrived and tried to book on Wednesday the first booking we could get was for Friday night. Drinks: There was a tonne of variety and the drinks were made as strong as you liked them. We didn鈥檛 find them watered down like other resorts we鈥檝e been at. They had a large drink list if you wanted some ideas for variety but would make anything you asked for. They had import liquor but you had to ask for it 鈥?if not they used the local liquor. While there you must try the local shooter 鈥?Mamajuana 鈥?it is quite good. The downside of this resort is that alchol is not served past midnight (except in the disco which you have to pay for) 鈥?no 24 hour drinking unless you buy your own stuff!!Entertainment: I found the entertainment team to be quite good at this resort 鈥?they were very memoreable. They had activities on the beach and by the pool all day, and then moved to the entertainment stage for the evening show. The entertainment crew put in long days. There was also lobby entertainment every night 鈥?a singer. She was okay but nothing spectacular. It was quite loud, making it difficult to visit in that area. Rooms: Bob described the rooms well. Our TV remote was in our room though 鈥?we didn鈥檛 get it at check in. Having travelling to many other resort areas we found that this resort provided many more English channel options 鈥?you could even watch Oprah if you wanted! Typically we have had only one two English channels 鈥?CNN and BBC at other resorts. We didn鈥檛 have one king size bed. We had two double beds that we pushed together to make one BIG bed. We didn鈥檛 have too much to complain about with our room. Sure it wasn鈥檛 perfect but you鈥檙e in the Dominican. Our fan in the room didn鈥檛 work, but the air conditioning provided sufficient coolness.Shopping: Given the resort is quite isolated, there is no public shopping areas nearby. The resort has some shops out front of the lobby but is overpriced from what we heard. Every second or third night there are cigars and jewellery being sold in the main area 鈥?near the main boardwalk. The prices are more reasonable but still high. Remember to barter. I was quoted $75 US to start for a necklace. At the end I got it for $15US!! For those more adventurous there is some shopping on the beach 鈥?off the resort in either direction. I don鈥檛 know my directions down there, but the better ones are located on the side by the water sport shack. These vendors on the beach have permanent shops set up and offer anything from rum, cigars, and trinkets, to paintings, coffee and jewellery. I doubt the Cigars are real, but they are cheap and some of them are hot I am sure. We haven鈥檛 tried them yet to know if they are real. We bought rum, cigars, and some paintings from them. They are quite friendly and know English, Spanish and French quite well. Remember your bartering techniques here. If they start with $40 鈥?throw $10 back at them and stay steadfast with your price. They will come down. They also like to barter with things you have (ie. we traded an insulated mug and some cologne for some paintings and a necklace). Weather: The weather is quite windy. It was windy everyday and on some days quite windy 鈥?a little too windy to sit on the beach 鈥?unless you like sand in your eyes etc. The wind was warm most of the days and was welcomed, as it gets pretty hot. If it wasn鈥檛 for the wind we wouldn鈥檛 have been able to sit on the beach all day. It rained every night, and almost every day. When it rained during the day it was for 5-10 minutes only and you could see it coming so had lots of time to take shelter if need be. It would pour and then clear up and be beautiful. Pool/Beach: The pool was gorgeous and great if you are a swimmer 鈥?easy to swim for exercise. It was one large pool that meandered around the resort quite a distant. One each end they had a shallow part for the kiddies a pool bar on each end. The middle stretch of the pool varied from 1-2 meters, with various bridges over the pool that you could swim under. They also had separate wadding pools for the kids. There was lots of space to sit by the pool. There were only a few Palapas so not much shade provided. The beach was very long with many palm trees. There were a few palapas but not as many as we鈥檝e seen at other resorts. The water was pretty murky most days and wavy 鈥?not calm bath water like other countries 鈥?likely due to the winds. We were there a week and had green/yellow flags most days, and red only the last couple days of our stay. The resort offered some variety in the chairs. They had two types of lounging chairs 鈥?white plastic and blue nylon type ones. The blue ones are much more comfortable. They also had blue pads that could be put on the chairs to make them even more comfortable. They also had white sitting patio chairs 鈥?the same ones that are one each room鈥檚 balcony. We played the game of getting up at 7am each morning and always found a chair. We saw a few instances of stolen chairs but for the most part people didn鈥檛 move or take your things. Sickness: We weren鈥檛 sick at all while down there (other than a cold), no food-related illnesses. All the Imodium was for not! ha ha The mosquitoes weren鈥檛 as bad as I was expecting based on the reviews. Neither my boyfriend nor I took the malaria-related prescriptions. We instead took and used spray with 30% DEET (not so easy to find in the middle of Canadian winter). I had about 6 bites all week 鈥?nothing too major. Friends at the resort did take the drugs and used a lower % DEET and got more bites than us. Who knows if it was coincidental, or whether because they used the lower % DEET (i.e. 23-24%). Punta Cana Airport Tip: There are two phases of the airport. One is quite new and is AIR CONDITIONED 鈥?the other isn鈥檛. Few people seemed to know about the other phase 鈥?we found it by chance and there was hardly anyone in it compared to the other phase. Go upstairs to the food court area. There is a hallway to the left of the Pizza place and Wendy鈥檚. Follow that hallway and it will lead you to the newer phase of the airport and you will instantly feel a change in the environment 鈥?much cooler for the long wait in the airport!!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>domainmanager1
<Content>Loved It! Went from 19th - 26th Dec 2006.Great, better than I expected, not quite 5 star, a la carte restaurants were great especially Mexican! Food overall was good, above average. Even got a bottle of Champagne with Christmas dinner.Weather forecast was rain all week, but we had sun every day but one!Entertainment/activities were brilliant, very friendly staff all round, met some great people there! Location on beach is great, very spacious, not cramped at all. Just watch your feet when walking past the restaurant, there are some quite dangerous parts sticking out near the feet area, I saw many people smack their toes!I would say the service from the front desk was quite slow, we were waiting for 4 hours for our electricity to be fixed, you have to keeep on at them or you will never be seen! Maids were first class!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Sergiolovetotravel
<Content>Had a great time Just came back after spending from the 19th to the 26th of Dec/06. The beach and the Drinks were 5 plus, the food was good but just lacking the flare needed to make this a true 5 star. We met some new friends which made for a great vacation. My only warning is bring a chain and lock if you want to find your chair not stolen on the beach, not all the people on vacation really cared about others around them. The casino was fun but watch the girl making the change for you as we found out later she was also helping her self. and by the way the weather was rain for most of the week, but it never came just lots of sun, so do not believe all you read just go and have a great time.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Leanne&Matty
<Content>Loved it       swan on our bed  
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>gerryatric
<Content>great time Hi we have just returned from a fantastic 2wk holiday in the dominican resort of punta cana and thought we would share some info with the rest of the world .Firstly the worst part of the holiday was the 10 hr flight from the uk then from there on we could not fault a thing. The airport was busy with porters wanting to take your luggage to your coach but a polite no gracias was accepted then they left you alone. The journey to the resort was about 1 hr, roads a bit dodgy, but the drivers were well capable of driving the unusual but funny road.The road to the resort looked and felt like an off road trip but the end justified the means after about 15mins the tarmac re-appeared and the most amazing sight was there, The resort entrance, it look brilliant and when inside it was, we were greeted with fruit cocktail before check in then at check in the staff were so nice and friendly (all spoke English) you are give a welcome pack which contained wrist bands,room key cards,and beach towel tickets also luggage stickers that you put on for the bellboys who take it to your room within mins, the rooms are set out in blocks over three floors with stunning views, the rooms themselves are clean dry and spacious they smell musty when you first go in but that is just the smell of the anti bug spray they use before they let the room it goes away after a few hours, in the unlikely event you are not happy with your room just ask and they will move you no problem, rooms have TV and mini bar also safe. The TV remote is obtained from reception for free and the safe key is $2 a day, the bars are plentiful with the pool bar which was much welcomed during the day (well it was for us) the bar staff all speak enough English to know what you want as the main language is Spanish, if you ask for something that they don`t understand there is usually someone around who will translate for you but its not a common problem. The food choice is unbelievable from fish fingers and beans to al`a`carte and everything in between, if you don`t like the food your taste buds must have been removed so no complaints there, the entertainment was fun beach games, pool games,Spanish lessons,dance lessons and competitions to join in with if you wish if not its fun just watching ,all in all a great place to be the only thing that was slightly annoying was on a Friday to Sunday the local families were on the resort (identified by a yellow wrist band) they were just excited about enjoying themselves but as the rest of the time you were relaxed and laid back in the pool it suddenly became full and kids playing all over the pool, for some that might not be a problem but for me (as I eat them for breakfast) it was a bit annoying but again tell them politely it`s a big pool go play else where they usually do after all we are all just big kids on holiday anyway right. Well enough from us just a few little tips for woman if you have any make up or womanly things you don`t want or use take them for the maids it will go a long way as it is so expensive there it is a luxury for them. For the guys after shave ,gel etc things like that go down well, so that's it nothing else except if you can afford to take some extra dollars for tipping ie. bellboys,maids,waitresses,waiters and bar staff do so because if the bar gets busy as it sometimes does if you have tipped them they notice you through the crowd, you get some funny looks from some people BUT HEY they are queuing your not so you work it out,also take plenty of medical products as they are very expensive take things like anti diorrhea tablets,anti acids, hydracortizone creams (canasten) and some antihistamines because you will get some mosquito bites or sandfly bits althought not infectious they are as itchy as ********** so do take some with you .one more thing the animation team are all brilliant but one guy in particular is so funny his name is henry a.k.a SPAGHETTI this guy runs up coconut trees barefoot for excercise, he could also dodge bullets and escape from under a snakes belly if he had to well worth speaking to him, really nice guy. Any way thats all this time go enjoy and do your own thing and make up your own mind we were there 19th nov 2006 until 4th dec 2006 ond we are in the process of booking for next year we enjoyed it so much so again goodbye and happy holiday from gerry/june glasgow scotland uk.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Chrissy813
<Content>Ugh, do your research and stay elsewhere My boyfriend and I went Nov 30-Dec 5th, and were definitely not crazy about this place.First:We were the ONLY americans there. Basically 90% of the people there were French, and everyone else European. It would have been nice to mingle, but the language barrier was tough. Come to find out via the hotel staff, that Americans don't usually stay there, but stay at other places like Secrets. (ok why wasnt that ever mentioned when researching?)Second:The food. Horrible! Ive stayed in all inclusives before and Ive never had such a poor compromise on the quality of food. It was bland/generic, high in fat, and just boring. Restaurant reservations? Forget it! On our FIRST day there, we tried to reserve ANY restaurant for the following 4 days we were staying, and they were ALL booked. Come to find out, you have to reserve before you even get there.Third:The customer service, even worse than the food! The staff is very uncaring, unhelping and basically have a its not my problem attitude. They all had this smug expression on their faces like they were doing us a favor just by being there.Fourth:Activities are super hard to follow. There's no order as to whats happening, where and what time. You basically have to wander around and figure it out yourself.If you choose to stay here, keep your expectations at a bare minimum. The highlights of the trip had nothing to do with the hotel, as we booked two excursions: horse back riding on the beach, and a booze cruise where we swam with sharks and sting rays. Those were awesome experiences, but again, were not related to our stay at Sirenis. If you want to stay here to save a few bucks, do yourself a favor and pay extra, so you can at least enjoy where you're spending the majority of your time.The one thing i'll say is that they have a nice pool and the beach is great. But that's probably at most resorts in Punta Cana.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>Jules_Le_Gallois
<Content>Mamajuana!! Just back from a great early season holiday. Place great, people fantastic - very friendly and helpful. Facilities good, food well above average, varied and plentiful. Glad to be there before it started getting too busy (as it was the last couple of days). It's a bit miles from anywhere but the excursions are good - Saona and Langoustes del Caraibes especially. The hotel itself couldn't really be faulted. Had a great time! Thanks to Felix and Virgilio behind the bars for looking after us so well. More Mamajuana!!!!!!Jules, Le Gallois  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mariner_q
<Content>Barely 3* SUNQUEST... This is a very last time we book a vacation with this company. They are dishonest - from their brochures toresort reps to the people handling complaints back home. Basically, the advice is - if you decide to use them - reduce their rating by 1.5 - 2 stars to be realistic about what you are getting.Dont expect anything to be done by their rep at Sirenis other than book overpriced tours (get them for 30-50% cheaper from one of the guys at the resort). The bottom line is ... this is a 2.5 - 3* hotel - I will not go into detail as other did a pretty accurate job.For those that say you get what you pay for... true, but.... When you go to a reputable jeweller to buy a TAG watch at 50% off sale, you still expect the watch to be TAG, not a knock-off, right?  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	2	3	

<Author>PeeCee
<Content>Essential Reading If You Are Planning To Stay Here!!! Myself and my girlfriend have just spent 2 lovely weeks at the Sirenis Cocotal Beach ResortHaving read many reviews, I can only say they helped to prepare somewhat for what this resort had to offer, so I hope in some way that my review will help you too...First and foremost, I must stress that if you want a holiday next to the Carribean sea, then Punta Cana is NOT the resort to stay at. We were sold this holiday on the basis of it being a caribbean break, and that is correct in the sense the Dominican Republic is in the Caribbean chain of islands, but if you want Caribbean sea, then head to the very south of the island (Bayahibe/Santa Domingo). This resort is on the ATLANTIC side.This isn't to say that detracted from our break, it is still beautiful, but there is a considerable difference between the two.Secondly, this is 2 resorts in 1 place. It's made up of Sirenis Cocotal AND Sirenis Tropical Beach Resorts. We thought it would be a fairly small resort, but all in all it houses around 3000 people. More on this later...Ok. On arrival at the airprt you will have to pay $10 for a tourist visa for your stay. You also pay $20 on departure too. Make sure you save the money!The transfer took around an hour with a couple of drop off's, along some very bumpy roads/tracks. You can really see some of the 3rd World country here. Tin huts and shacks are common. On arrival, the bell boys take your luggage into the reception, whilst you check-in (don't forget a $2 or $3 tip for them!). Fresh Papaya juice is served whilst everyone is sorted, then head off to your room. A while later your luggage turns up (more tips!). All in all, very efficient.The rooms are very comfortable. 2 double beds, balcony, bath/shower, Air Con, Ceiling Fan, Satellite TV, Mini bar (refilled every day with water/coke/sprite!). Safety Deposits are in every room and cost $2 per day. Remote controls for the TV's are free from reception.During our stay only the Cocotal resort was open to begin with and it was very pleasant. Not too busy, not too quiet. Sunbeds were easy to get, as were drinks from the pool/swim-up bar. However. On the 1st weekend we were there, around 2500 Dominicans turned up for a bank holiday weekend break. These are the Dominicans who can afford a 5* hotel stay, and weren't the most 'engaging' people. Hats off to the staff. They got them all checked in and the place ran like clockwork, but with 3000 people these 2 resorts become almost unbearable.I would strongly consider looking elsewhere if you are looking for a relaxed, quiet, high season beach break. This place is mental when it's full.As quick as they came on the Saturday, they left on the Monday, and the duration of our holiday was back to it's nice gentle pace.The beach is great. Long, lots of palms and palm sunshades with sunbeds (If you want a sunshade/beds, get to the beach by 7am LATEST, earlier in high season). There are security guards at each end to stop the 'looky-looky' men (the shop owners) harrassing you too much. It's perfectly safe to walk up the beach in each direction, but they will hassle you. Polite but firm is the way forward! Non-motorized watersports are all-inc too.The pool area is fab, huge and lively, but with quieter areas. Again there are shades and beds and the same applies for those. The pool bar could be bigger, but they manage! The entertainment team do their bit well. Beach aerobics, Volleyball, Merengue lessons, pool aerobics and games, but there's no hassle if you don't want to get involved.There are 8 restaurants in the resort. Mexican, Chinese, Italian, Steakhouse, Creperie, Veggie, Seafood and Gourmet (although the last one you pay extra for). The main buffet restaurants are great for Brekkie and Dinner. The theme restaurants are ok. 3 courses in all, but the food is overall a bit better in the buffet. The theme restaurants have to be booked. Sittings are at 7pm  9pm. The booking station is in the reception and opens from 8am. Expect long queues in high season.There are 2 bars in the main reception, where they also have some entertainment in the evenings. Long, long list of cocktails to work your way through. Also try the 'Mama Juana', the local tipple. Bark, Leaves, Dark Rum, Honey and Red Wine. The locals call it the Dominican Viagra!!!There is also a nightclub, although we didn't go to this as one of the TV channels shows you around the resort and the nightclub looked very, err, umm...... 80's? Plus drinks aren't included as is also the case with the Casino, unless you are willing to lose some money at the tables, in which case drinks are all inc. The theatre was good for a laugh. Various shows are put on every night. Some with audience participation, others without.That's pretty much the lot. I would recommend this resort most definitely out of season. Very laid back and relaxed with helpful, dedicated staff and lovely surroundings. We saw a brief glimpse of what it was like when it's filled to capacity and in full-flow, and I'm sorry to say that if you're heading out there in high season between December and April, then don't expect it to be too relaxing. Be prepared to queue lots and pack a lot of self-patience in your suitcase!Here are my top tips for Sirenis Cocotal/Tropical Beach Resorts:1: Mozzie spray, Mozzie spray, Mozzie spray.2: Lots of $1 bills for tipping maids/waiters/bell boys.3: Get to your sunbed spot no later than 7am.4: Book the theme restaurants 1 day in advance.5: Learn a bit of Spanish/French. It will get you EVERYWHERE.6: Drink as many of the cocktails as possible.7: Have fun!!!Adios amigos!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>SarahKateK26
<Content>Really Enjoyed it apart from.........       Flamingos  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>jimmica
<Content>Someting in my sausage..... My boyfriend and i went to the Sirenis for 2 Weeks in March/April of this year. We had read lots of reviews and decided to go with an open mind, and just decided that some people just love to moan and will always find something to moan about. This was our first Caribbean holiday, and we had lots of friends/family who go to the Caribbean every year and love it. The flight was SHOCKING! We went with My Travel and the plane was pretty dirty and they didnt tell us that we would be travelling via Manchester both ways and we even had an emergency landing into Bermuda airport, which was an emergency i know, but the whole flight took us 15hours instead of 8-9hrs. My boyfriends TV didnt work for the whole way back, and my headphones only worked if i held them in the socket, quite annoying, but we were just wanting to get home at this point so didnt really care! However...The hotel on arrival was lovely, the rooms are very comfortable and everything you need is included, i.e. fresh bottled water in your mini bar everyday, sometimes flower petals on your bed if you're lucky!The complex is very well maintained, and the flamingos, turtles and fish are lovely. The male bar staff seem to be friendly and try their hand at english, but the women did not seem to be so accomodating! Dont underestimate the sun, on the first day we led out in the sun and it was very overcast, and we got very burnt, stupid we know, but it was only about 8 in the morning!Then buying after-sun and antiseptic was SO expensive from the hotel shops, dont rely on be able to buy anything over there. Also the money dispensed from the ATM is Domincan Dollars, however, they are not accepted as currency by the Hotel Reception or even at Customs, which is riduculous!THe food was pretty bad, and talking to our friends and other people who have been, they have all suffered from dicky tummies during their trip so if you are a bit delicate in that area, beware.ALso, the 'foreign body' i found in my sausage at dinner one night was not a bit of black pepper like the waitress tried to fob me off with, as we all know that black pepper does not have hair.!!!The drinks and cocktails were fab, the food was ok, but you became cautious of what you ate, the pool and beach were also lovely. We did have a leak in the bathroom ceiling of our bathroom, which took at least four days for the maintainence guys to fix, in the end we demanded to move rooms because nothing had been done, and the liquid had turned yellow and it was pleasant having to sit on the toilet with your knees to one side so that it didnt drip on you, or having to keep a towel on the floor so that you didnt step in a puddle of ---- each morning!The nightclub is hilarious and the drinks are NOT FREE in there, and guess what they dont take dominican currency either!I would recommend you go to the Sirenis as the resort is lovely, and you can make up your own mind, but it certainly doesnt sound as though it compares to Barbados, Jamaica and Tobago, but for the money you pay, its not bad value, i just wouldnt go again. Thanks for hearing me out til the end!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>senses28
<Content>Really enjoyed it       Beach outside hotel  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>suefone
<Content>fantastic We had a brillant time the hotel was very clean, the staff were always working very hard, and the service was second to none, the beach was lovely we swam and snokelled nearly everyday,all the good reviews are true.we spoke to lots of people ther who all said the same things A GREAT HOLIDAY GREAT HOTEL  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dawnio20
<Content>Brilliant resort, fantastic staff        What a view from the room.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ytsirhc
<Content>Loved it!!       The wedding Gazebo, set on the beach.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>CMEC
<Content>great resort, brilliant beach We arrived at the serenis on sept 6 and was there for 2 weeks.first impression - as soon as you arive in the hotel grounds it struck me on how big it actually was, there were lots of palm trees, plants and wild life was very nice. as soon as we checked in we were welcomed with a nice and refreshing friut juce.Staff- very nice people as you would expect but i found that about half of them didnt speak english and there are over 1,000 working staff within the hotel. some of them are ignorant towards the english aswell.if you spanish and french you will have no problem though being this is a spanish and french dominated hotel, oh and the hotel is spanish ownd. i would of prefared if there were a bit more english but not everything can be perfect.Entertainment - there is entertainment in the afeter noon and nite. the main ones are wot takes place on the beach and their some realy fun activties for everyone down to children and adults, if you like dancin then you wanna do all that. there are the thetre shows every 11.00pm wich are ok but its worth going sometimes cos you can get board very easely. by the bar the entertainment is realy crap you hear the same spanish songs every nite it done my head in lol. if the just put on some better music it would be alot better and when cariokke comes shut you ears when the frech people get on you will understand why.Bars - dont forget the alcohol served here isnt as good as back home because its theer spirits and all that. i recomend you try moast coctails see wich is best seutid to your taste. if you are a beer/lager drinker i wont be suprised if you dont like theres its called presednte and its realy rubbish. the latest bar stays open for is 12 so if you are a party pooper like me thats a bit of a damper but there is the disco and thats open till 3 and thats alot better, and you do get charged for you alcohol in theer aswell so take a couple of dollars.the disco plays all types of music so watch out!!! one minit is spanish the next french and then one youve never heard of in ya life but you think hell withit am still dancin an it plays english and thats were it all starts.Food - now i read a couple of reviews on here before i went and it didnt sound plesent on the food area but i am a big big critic so listen in. the buffet area is really nice food there and i recomend you go to the meat fella who chops ya meat the meats are exellent. i reccomend you go to the speciality resturants somewhere in your week cos the buffet can bet a liitle bit boaring concidering you eat there all the time, dont let that put you off though because its really good and much to meet everyones needs.the buffet - 9/10the speciality resturantsthe mexican 7/10the italian 6/10 (wasnt the best)the chinise 9/10 (if u dont normally go to chinises resturants back at home then i think people will hot have great views about it wich i did witness aswell, but being this is trhe carribian and thousands of miles away from china i was supised it was realy nice)the stakehouse 7/10there were more speciality ones but didnt bother going.Appartments - very good allways clean and tidy, when you tip the maid they do a little something extra aswell.Beach- brilliant take a walk down its god dam long lolShops- the shops at the front of the hotel are ripoffs so make sure you bring all you essantials with you. the shops by the beach is were you can have a good haggle there starting prices are a joke but start by nocking of about 70% of the asklng price and stick to ta guns because the can chat crap.Spa - was very nice i often went in there before i went out 4 the night. the steam room is good and the pluge pool is spacius. massages are a a price but are very good i recomend a full body massage.i reccomend you do the outback safari i is very intresting and you get a better taste of dominican life it is highly recomend. if you do, the best tour guide is alex but all are good.holiday overall- was very nice and a lovley hotel however i wouldnt say the hotel was a 5* baybe to dominican standards but i think 4* is the fare star rating. if you are a gang of lads then this place isnt the place to be because its mainly for couples and families.would i go back i duno but i would if it was free lolthanks for reading my review and hope it was of the best useCraig, liverpool  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>flax
<Content>it was fantastic kids loved it This was excellent accommadition. The kids really enjoyed it. the food was excellent through out our stay. The activities where also excellent. Finally the staff where very friendly!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ace_jet
<Content>A bit of a let down Ive just got back from the sirenis after staying there for one week.I have to say i was on the whole disappointed with my stay there.On the outside, i have to admit the hotel does look nice - indeed the grounds of the hotel are lovely, they are maintained daily. But deep down the hotel is ineed of some good TLC. The ROOMS we had to stay in (note we had to change rooms.....) each had problems of their own. When we got to room number one, we discovered that there were a whole list of problems. The bathroom had cracked tiles, the shower curtain was hanging off, and to make matters worse the bathroom light did not work. We reported this all to reception, and to their credit they did send someone to fix the light,- this job which should have taken no more than a few mintues, took over an hour (so called dominican time) Next problem we had, we wanted to get the safe key for our room, however the key we were given did not fit! So we had to go back down to reception to get the right key. And guess what, there were three other people there that also didnt receve the right safe key ! haha. Cut a long sotry short, they couldnt find our safe key, so we didnt have access to a safe, They didnt even offer to allow us to put our valubles in the hotel safe. So because of this we had to change room. Our room change was scheduled for the same day, later that evening in fact. But you know whats coming now.... we didnt end up changing rooms untill 2 days later. This was a real inconvenience, you cant settle in, as you know you have to move room in a few days time, plus we had to carry all our money passports cameras etc everywhere we went,. This meant we were unable to go on excursions, its not safe to carry over $800 with you!Eventually we got to change room, this had its problems too, no plug for the sink, blocked bath plug hole..... yawn yawn.The food was the worst part of the holiday, it was shocking. Im sorry, tiramisu that tastes of orange, brie that is actually red leicester  Roast beef that has been dried out so much that is has the texture of a shammy leather does not constitute five star cuisine! The italien was the worst, i ordered meat ravioli with a sweet basil sauce Well this was a complete violation of the trades description act if there ever was one. There was no meat in side, and a fresh basil leaf hadnt been within a mile of that sauce. It was some disgusting becahmel sauce that was just dumped on top of some undercooked ravioli. Oh, and dont forget the freeze dried cheesy socks parmesam plonked on top - yum yum.Now i must admit, i do like my food, and i like to eat decent food. I wouldnt have cared if i ate a buger and chips every night, just so long as it was decent! Oh i forgot the mention, they do nice chips!But time for the good points, beach is lovely, pool is lovely, locals are lovely (untill they try to rip you off) Excursions are great fun. Plus its a beautiful island.So my advice is to stay well clear of the sirenis hotel!Ps. while i was there i was very tempted to remove two of the five stars they have stuck outside in front of the hotel on a billboard. I didnt quite have the guts to do it, but if anyone goes out there after reading this, id love you to do it for me and send me the pic! Good luck!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	5	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>Pmamp
<Content>Did not meet my expectations       the view of the sunrise from my room  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Essexbird..NOT!
<Content>Paradise!!!!!       View from our window  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	5	5	4	

<Author>truthful-visitor
<Content>Honest traveller       drinking in lobby  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amy1986
<Content>The beach is to die for! Me and my Partner visited this resort at the beginning of July 06. It was the first time we'd been to the Dominican Republic and to be honest we did have high expectations as we'd heard so many great things about it.Punta Cana airport is very tiny and isn't airconditioned, which wouldn't be so bad if you're only there for a little while but it does take ages to get through as you have to buy your visa and then queue to get your passport stamped. Our flight was the first one to land in the afternoon and we was in the airport for over an hour. Plus there are lots of nats in the airport so be generous with the repellient if your one of the ones that the nats pick on!The hotel was lovely, there's nothing you can really complain about, of course it's not going to be like going to a 5* London hotel but you get what you make of it. The rooms are nicely decorated and the service is very good. The beach was gorgeous too and we took full advantage of the bar in the pool, especially during the day when the temperatures were very high! A must do is having a full body massage on the beach, this does cost $50 per person but it is amazing, it lasts for half an hour, seems expensive but we both feel asleep listening to the waves which is something you just can't do back at home.One of the best things about our trip were the excursions that we went on, here's a quick low down of them.Saona Island - This trip is good if you just want to laze about and sunbathe. There isn't much to do but one of the main reasons to go is to see the star fish! You get a catamaran over to the island, then go for a swim in the sea, have some lunch and get a speedboat home. On the way home you stop in a Lagoon and there are starfish everywhere, it is truly amazing!Swimming with the sharks - I was too much of a scardy cat to go swimming with the sharks but my partner did it and said it was briliant. Punta Cana is one of three places in the world that do this so you really should have a go, apparently the sharks are all vegetarians! I didn't do this but I really do regret it now! And don't forget to take your underwater Camera!Speed boat - This was a fun day out. You sit in a two man speedboat and drive it to the middle of the ocean. Then you step onto a big boat and have a snorkelling lesson which I have to say consists of a quick demonstration of how to wear a snorkel and breathe and away you go! We then went snorkelling along the coral reef and it was one of the most breath-taking experiences ever! The fish were really bright colours and literally swim past your face! We would really recommend doing this!Outback safari - This again is a really good trip and the guides are just fantastic, they go out of their way to show you a brilliant time and they do a fantastic job considering they do this every day six days a week. On the trip you go and visit a local village and see the accommodation they live in plus how they make chocolate and coffee, you even have the option to buy some of this at the end, we did and it just makes you wonder what you're drinking at home because it tastes so different where it's pure and natural. We then went to a beach where we did boogie boarding and just having fun! The waves here were huge, around 10 feet high so if you take your children I would recommend keeping them near the shore as they are very powerful. For the adults and the boogie boarding side though it's great fun and the guides get in the sea and keep an eye on you all the time, making sure no one goes beyond a certain point which is good.The only aspect of our holiday that we didn't enjoy was the food at the buffet. It really wasn't very nice at all especially the meat. If you aren't a fussy person then you'll be fine, but those of you that stick to what you know you're going to have a problem. They have a variety of about four/five dishes and at least one is fish and the rest are meat based. That said you can go to the speciality restaurants on site which are completely different. We tried the mexican, italian, chinese and steakhouse and they were all lovely and tasted of the real McCoy! The only warning I'd give you is that these restaurants get booked up very very quickly so make sure you get to the info desk at 8 am every morning to make sure you can eat there. The people on the information desk don't speak very good english either so if they tell you the all the restaurants are full don't believe them (I know pointless having non-english speaking people on an english info desk!) Instead go and ask your tour operator to get you a booking, this is much more stress free!Other than that we had a fantastic time!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>underwood
<Content>Excellent honeymoon Booked with Going Places and had an excellent time. Food was pretty good but the buffet wasn't as varied as it could have been. Apart from that the whole trip was really relaxing and great and to be honest we ate in the specialist restarants most evenings anyway. I would def go again but would book hotel and flight direct then just jump in a taxi on arrival as we met people who did this and saved a packet. Fishing was good fun but got sea sick so be careful. There is a charter company on the beach 2 mins walk away who book this for you as well as horse riding, quad bikes and much more.Didn't swim with dolphins as they are kept in cramped conditions aparantly but we swam with sharks which was great and about 150 dollars for 2. Also did the Outback Safari which was excellent. Trip to Saona Island was boring. You just go by speedboat to a beach and sit for a few hours then catamaran back to coach. It was interesting but I'd rather do the shark trip twice.Go to the Sirenis with an open mind and you'll have a great time but if you are fond of your creature comforts and are a fussy eater then consider other hotels. Sunscape and Secrets are 30 mins walk in either direction along the beach.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>kellywoodhead
<Content>Best wedding day i could of asked for My fiance and i took 8 family members to the sirenis cocotal on may 1st 2006. To help us get married and hlp us celebrate our special day. When we first arrived we were amazed at the size of the hotel grounds, it was huge?. When we got to our room we had received a letter from Soriviany the wedding co-ordinator , arranging a day and time for us to meet her and arrange our wedding. We were very relieved to have received the letter so soon as we were a bit worried as to how it would all work out. When we met soriviany she was really lovely. She answered any questions that we had and asked us how we wanted the day to go. We had already created a list of how we wanted the day to go, down to the colour of the flowers etc. We were very happy with how she treated us and she was just as excited as i was. She showed me how to get to the spa and helped me book my hair appointment for the wedding day and manicure and pedicure which all came to about 60 dollars which is roughly 35 pounds. Well worth the money!!! I had read bad reviews about the hairdressers before i went and i had resorted to taking a hair extension piece so that i could just attach this on the day, but i just decided to trust them. I was very happy with the results. They had several magazines for me to look through to chose my style, and it didn,t take long til i chose one. The flowers were absolutely gorgeous. My bouquet was a long draping posy with pink and white roses with white daisies and gypsofelia, my three bridesmaids had similar but smaller posys which i had to pay extra for, as well as the button wholes for the two men and two wrist corsages for my mum and mother in law. All together with the photographer , video and flowers it came to 700 dollars which is roughly 400 pounds. Money well spent i can tell you. The photographer and cameraman came straight to my room and followed me all the way down to the gazebo on the beach ( which is quite a walk from the hotel room) I had requested a song to be played whilst we got married, but what we didn,t know is that the song is played so loud that the whole complex can here it, even people on the beach. Not that im complaining it was lovely to have ereyone listen to it. Lots of people stood around and watched and said how lovely i looked, which was really nice and it made me feel even more special. The ceremony was short but sweet, just how we wanted it. We had loads of photos taken on the beach. We were marred on 8th may at 5.30pm which was our choice as originally we were told 6.30pm but the registrar was running late so wouldnt be there till 7pm to sign the papers, so we were told we could get married sooner we just had to wait untill a bit later to sign every thing. We are so glad that we did this because the sun sets at 6pm so we were lucky enough to still have some sunshine in the background for the photo,s. Some of the photos were taken at 6.10pm and the difference in background is amazing, they dont look as nice with the dark sky in the background. The evening of the wedding we had a reception in the gourmet restaurant which soriviany had surprised me by decorating the tables to a very high standard it felt like being at the queens table and i was the queen. Before leaving the gazebo after the ceremony we had champagne and caviar which we were very impressed with. The night of the wedding we were given a free room upgrade to a suite. MY GOD IT WAS AMAZING!!!!!!!! IT HAD A QUEENSIZE BED, AN ENTRANCE LOBBY, WINDOWS ALL AROUND WITH WINDOW SEATS, A HUGE BALCONY, AND THE BEST BIT WAS THE JACCUZZI. We didnt leave our room for most of the second week as you can imagine. As if things couldnt of got any better, the next morning we were awoken by a knock at the door and we had received room service, champagne and full continental breakfast with a whole bowl of fresh fruit, we were in heaven. I would defernately reccomend this hotel for a wedding in paradise. Even just a holiday, it is suitable for people of all ages, especially children and adults, there is something bfor everyone. The restaureants we could not fault them. The rooms were immaculate, the staff were very friendly. We did have some thunder and showers in the second week but nothing were not used to in england. The weather was very hot in the hundreds so im glad that i had a light chiffon strappy dress as anything else would have been uncomfortable, my husband wore trousers, a shirt, cravat and waistcoat. I had tried to pester him to wear a full suit with jacket, but im glad he didnt now as he was sweating in just the shirt. if you would like to ask any other questions kelly.woodhead@hotmail.co.uk  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>specialk5179
<Content>Food Sucks If you're a vegetarian...then definitely do NOT go to this hotel! My friends and I went for 5 nights/6 days, and 3 of us were vegetarians..and constantly starving! The times the restaurants were open were really weird..so everytime we went to go get food, it'd be closed. They have a vegetarian restaurant there, but it SUCKS! Only thing I recommend would be the pasta (which is an appetizer, not an entree - weird huh?). The staff is pretty cool, but it was hard to communicate with them sometimes because many don't speak English. The pools, beach and spa are great! I definitely would recommend anybody who wants to get a great massage to definitely book one at the spa - $60/full body!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	2	2	3	

<Author>bratzbabe
<Content>dolphin excursion was a rip off me and my family stayed at the Tropical suite at the Sirenis hotel we booked an excursiion to swim with the dolphins the leaflet claims SNORKEL and SWIM with the dolphins what a BIG dissapointment for me and the children the people who sell these excursions should not be aloud to state on the leaflet something you dont actually do 1) you do not snokel 2) you dont really swim with the dolphins it is all in a regimented environment i would not reccomend this excursion to anybody because you will be very dissapointed .the hotel over all was o.k the food was good the staff was alright i would not go back again  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>2	3	1	4	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>sirenis_girl
<Content>Best vacation ever!       Pretty Palm Trees and Ocean  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>konnie21
<Content>An Experience to remember       Pool area  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>darkey
<Content>Happy To Get Home Never Again We stayed for 2wks wish it was 2 days, this hotel is not 5* only 3* the room was clean  cool the view from our balcony was lovely, 3 pink flaminco's  that's where it ends, once you are in the hotel you are trapped you can walk around the grounds but you will soon get fed up with that, iwould not advise you to go pass the 2 guards on the small secluded beach!!!. In the hotels favour the selection of food was great  well presented  plenty of it, but you must careful of the birds that fly around when you are eating. There are 4 theme restaurants but you must book these, it will take you forever to queue to book these, glad our rep booked 2 for us, these where really good with good service.To get your room cleaned correctly you will have to leave a tip which we did the first week, then the trouble started, the room was not cleaned for 2 days, towels where not left nor toilet paper no refreshments where put in the fridge, pray you do not have anything go wrong in your room it took us 3 days to get things repaired  they were never done 1st time infact the 1st call they made matters worse,the hotel is isolated so if you like long walks or some shopping forget it,ther are few little shops on the complex but they charge the earth as they are so eager to get your dollars.Entertainment at night will not start till 10.00  this is for 1hr then it is back to the Casino to get rid of more dollars.Make sure you have plenty of mosquito repelent for the evening, 1wk @ this Hotel would have been enough, we were glad to get out of it, please please check other reviews  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	1	2	4	-1	3	

<Author>WritePitch
<Content>Almost Paradise... The Pueblo Bonito Blanco - Cabo was exactly what we were looking for - a getaway from it all near everything. That is a pretty tough order to fill.I am 100 percent sold on Cabo. Coming from Los Angeles, it is about a 2.5 hour direct flight from Los Angeles and you feel like you are half a world away.Don't let anyone fool you. When you are in Cabo, your hotel resort is your destination. We spent some time traveling in to town, to visit restaurants and shops and to swim witrh Dolphins at Cabo Dolphins - a once in a lifetime wonderful experience - but we always returned to our resort hotel, the pool and the drinks!We traveled in the hot monthy of July, so the return to our pool where frosty drinks were plentiful and the water was cool, was an important factor. This hotel is on Medano Beach - the swimmable beach in Cabo. There is not a lot of swimming going on at any of these roped off beaches. We did not stay there, but if you are looking for swimming and snorkeling, consider staying at the Twin Dolphin or the Hilton, which are near the protected coves that the booze cruise boats take snorkelers our to. Keep in mind that the trade off is that these hotels are far from town, so an expensive cab ride or car rental is needed if you hope to visit the tourist area.For my dollar and beyond, the Pueblo Bonito Blanco is a tremendous deal. It is pictouresque, maintains a wonderful pools, is in WALKING DISTANCE to tourist attractions and downtown, near the port where snorkeling adventures launch and the new Cabo Dolphins adventure has recently opened. Most important, it is near the Tequila Bar, located on the main street in Cabo, where you will receive a true education in the fine art of Tequila.Enjoy your stay, avoid the time shares and stay at the Pueblo Bonito Blanco. Your won't regre it for a minute and you will cherish the memories, forever.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel After reading all of the reviews on trip advisor I decided to visit the sirenis with an open mind, and was pleasantly surprised. The hotel looks good, and is always kept clean and tidy, the rooms are also kept clean and well maintained. The food is also pretty good, not always what I would choose to eat but there was always a pretty big selection to choose from. The speciality restaurants were good- but the booking system was poor especially as we didn't have our welcome meeting until the day after we arrived and most meals had to be booked two days in advance.  i think that the Sirenis is as good as you wish to make it to be honest. I went with my flatmate just to have a relaxing time, and eat good food and soak up the sun. But there were always activities going on, and the dominican people would try and get you to join in with activities and get active- there was always loads going on.  I think all those people with kids would have a great time, and think it ewould be especially good for families with young children. Also pretty good for couples.  A good hotel- I'd give it 8 out of 10.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OVER REATED We just came back from Punta Cana at the Sirenis Cocotal Beach Resort Jul 3rd-10th and I must say it was a little disappointing. First of all it is entirely over rated. We were told it was a 4 star and when we arrived it was stated it's a 5 star well it's more like a 2 1/2 to 3 star. The rep. that met us at the airport Emma was high spirited and informative she really helped us out. Once we arrived at the resort it was more like a compound there is nothing outside the walls of the resort but once you go through the gates it was beautiful. In the lobby while waiting they have some type of fruity drink for you but you'll need it because it was so hot and humid just in the lobby. There were no fans or air conditioner in the direct lobby. At check-in they gave you one key for the room, two cards to get towels at the beach and a key that that once you got inside the room you insert for power. THAT'S RIGHT IF YOU DIDN'T HAVE THE KEY WHICH LOOKS LIKE A CREDIT CARD YOU HAD NO POWER WHATSOEVER IN THE ROOM. So needless to say we were already hot and had to enter a hot room as well. Once we got into our room which was not the seaview we wanted but the agent didn't guart. it either the room was disappointing. There were cracks in the walls and tiles, no wash clothes, no iron or ironing board, my curling irons and lap top would not fit in the plugs even though they were suppose too(we tried to buy a adapter but they didn't have the write ones), there is no internet service in the room you must used the three stations in the lobby and you have to purchase an internet card $6.00 or $10.00, paint was chipped throughout the room, the frige is not a mini bar but they do have water, cokes and 7up inside. There is no wash room so if you want your clothes washed or pressed you have to send them out most of the time you get them back within a few hours but it's another expense that we didn't know about. Our room had a nice view of the moutains and the grounds were beautiful. The service was excellent and the entire staff was helpful, pleasant and informative. The food was nothing to write home about in fact the best meals that we had were by the pool and that was at lunch time. One other meal we had which was fabulous was on one of the tours we went on which we had a chance to eat local food which is one of the reasons we went. The dining facility were the buffet meals were served was HOT,HOT,HOT! there were NO FAN'S and NO A/C! talk about hurrying up to eat. You couldn't even enjoy yourself we couldn't figure out how the staff did it everyday but they always had a smile on their faces. The staff that was in charge of the daily activities were FABULOUS their energy level was always high. We recommend if you take any tours try the OUTBACK SAFARI TOUR we had Eddy and Papi as our guide and driver they were outstanding and also if you like water sports the AQUATIC TOUR on this tour you get to drive your own speed boat and go snorkeling. YEAH BABY! I can't remember our guides name but he was excellent! It rain a few times while we were there but it felt good although it was hotter than heck afterwards it was fine. We also managed to do so shopping and I got some really good deals just be prepared to walk away and they'll come after you. We met a few couples while we were there and they were lovely so don't be afraid to talk to people. On the day we were leaving something happen to the bus so he had to wait at least an hour longer for pick up but since we had meet people it wasn't so bad and one of the couples was going our way so it was a pleasant wait. Then when it was time to load up that they didn't have enough room for our bags which didn't make any since. so Emma was calling around trying to get a taxi to take our bags to the airport at first she said one of us would have to ride in the taxi with the bags and I wasn't having it so in the end our bags ended up in the taxi and all four of us on the bus. Emma was very apologetic. Once we got to the airport which we still made it there early we were going to get something to eat but we found out that the cash machines(two) were out of money and this was at 2:00pm. Luckly one of the eating places took CC. OVER ALL THE TRIP WAS NICE, THE SHOWS WERE GOOD, THE STAFF AMAZING AND DAY TRIPS EXCELLENT! We had the best beach according to other couples who were staying in the area(IT WAS EXCELLENT). We felt that certain things should have been standard items such as the wash cloth's and iron/ironing board considering down the road at other resorts that were smaller had them. We recommed that if you stay there take these items with you and also mosqutio replent, pack lightly such as shorts, tanks,swim wear and a couple of casual outfits. They have Ala cart' restuarants (which we only recommend the Mexican the rest NO! and they say there's a dress code but most people didin't follow it and it wasn't enforced we made the effort. One more thing, if you're going to eat at the ala cart resturants you have to book in advance meaning you should start lining up about 7am but be aware that you're not booking for that day you'll be booking for further in the week once you book they give you a ticket which you need to present when you arrive at that particular restuarant so don't think you can just eat anywhere you like. We only went for 7 days we feel 14 days is too long. We will not be going back to this resort but we would go back to the Dominican Republic.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cooleating
<Content>Beautiful, great time, BUT>>>>>>>>> We arrived at the Serenis Cocotal hotel on Friday June 30, 2006. We had great trip from New Jersey in the United States. My sons were amused by the stairs from the runway at the airport and the airport was very different from what we are used to. The bus ride was long but pleasant. The bus was air-conditioned and the we were able to see a cross section of Domincan life. The road was narrow and bumpy but interesting none-the-less. The entrance to our hotel was beautiful the trees and plants added to the tropical nature of the place. As we drove up to the resort we passed a row of shops. We noticed a peacock on the roof of one of the shops. The gym, golf range and tennis courts were housed along the sides of the road that led to the prettiest lobby I have ever seen. Our check in was uneventful and we got our rooms without any trouble. We requested adjoining rooms- the rooms were not adjoining as they do not have any but they were ajacent. My boys are 19 and 15 so it was fine. We immediately were faced with the fact that the key card has to remain in the electrical box at the side of the front door. We were given two keys so it wasn't really a problem. The people who used the room before my sons left their key so the boys had an extra key. We opened the mini bar and had a drink before we went to familiarize ourselves the property. It was too early for dinner and late for lunch. The property is huge and at first we thought we wanted a room closer to the beach but as the time wore on we realized that our room was situated in a great spot. It rains in the evening at times and being close to the dinning room, bar, lobby, casino and theatre was great. We found the pools and beach it was gorgeous. We walked to the vendors on the beach. They were at times pushy and my wife found them annoying, she doesn't have a problem telling them to stop and she speaks fluent spanish and french. The hotel serves dinner at 7pm which is late for Americans but that wasn't a problem. We freshened up and headed to have dinner. We read all the reviews about the nature of the food but we were pleasantly surprised. The food was good and there was a vast variety for all tastes. What was not appealing and probabaly the only thing that was highly unpleasant was that the dinning area was not air-conditioned. It was HOT. My wife is a picky eater and food has to be just so- so she was at times unable to eat. Not due to the food choice but to the heat. There was a pasta station and a chef that cooked special foods for you. The tastes of course were different but it was expected. Lunch was served in the pool area and the choices were vast as well. The place was very clean- we didn't see one roach or bug other than mosquitoes. The speciality restaurants were a pleasant surprise- we ate at the Creperie, the Italian restaurant and the Steak house. Those restaurants were cooler and it was nice to be served. The shows were entertaining and the staff was very pleasant. My wife speaks Spanish so she spoke to them and they were amazed at her ability. All the staff speak Spanish, English and French. There were excursions to go on but we did not do any because we wanted to relax and the hotel had water sports and there was the beach and pools. We were able to get lounges with huts at the pool but we did get down by the pool by 9am. All and all we were very pleased with our vacation. After reading numerous reviews I am amazed that there has not been any mention of the HEAT in the dinning area. Ok so what to expect- 1- Beautiful hotel and grounds. 2- Clean -the maids were nice but we did at times tip them for daily clean towels. 3-Comfortable room- only air-conditioned spot we had for the entire week. 4-Friendly staff- I honestly did not over tip. No problem getting drinks- they were not the best made- except for the bar just at the bottom of the lobby stairs. 5- HOT DINNING ROOM- only bad part. 6- Must make dinning reservations for restaurant- be prepared to wait in line- and you sometimes won't get what you want unless you are early. 7- We felt safe- my wife was concerned at first but felt comfortable allowing the boys to explore but only on the property. 8- BRING BUG SPRAY!!!!!!! 9- Shops on the property OVER PRICED!!!!! 10- We used bottled water to brush our teeth. 11- So see Moses and Mayla at the shacks on the beach tell them that the Americans from New Jersey sent you. We had a great time- relaxed - great weather-saw a rainbow the last day- no problems coming and going. - Air-conditioning in the dinning areas, lobby and theatre would have made it perfect. Woud we return??? No once was enough.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Holiday and Wedding I returned from the Sirenis Cocotal Beach Resort just over two weeks ago. There was 18 of us in total. Before going we read some bad reviews about the place but all I can say is DON'T TAKE ANY NOTICE. This hotel was FANTASTIC. We got married out there and the service was outstanding Solvanki the Wedding Planner was the most helpful person ever and she made my day everything that I could have ever hoped for. We got married in a Gazebo on the beach and walked from the Pool Bridge down the Aisle. We were able to pick all of our own flowers, photographs, Gazebo decorations and button holes. They even provided a reception for us after the wedding. After the ceremony we were provided with champagne and eats on the beach. As an added bonus myself as the wedding couple got upgraded into a luxury suite for a week after the wedding which had its own jacuzzi. They even provided breakfast in bed after the wedding (enough to feed about 5 people). The restaurants were great, the buffet restaurant has a wide selection of food with its own pasta chef to create your own meal. My favorite restaurants were the Italian and Steakhouse, although the others were nice to. The pool was always clean and the rooms were absolutely spot one. Pedro the My Travel rep was really good and always did everything he could to help. For anyone that is thinking of getting married here DO IT. Solvanki will maje your day special!!!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic hotel I have just returned home from this resort and wanted to tell how amazing it was! I do think that some people who write reviews are people that always see the bad side and have to complain no mattert what so I wanted to tell you the nice things about this resort.I spent 2 weeks here and my best friends also got married at the resort. My first reaction when I got there was WOW!!! The bell boy took our bags to the room very quickly. The rooms are very clean with fully stocked fridges. There were tissues in the shape of a rose in the bathroom and some complimentary toilletries. There was a phone and you can call between rooms free of charge if there is a big party going. The aircon was good, somebody in our party had a problem and reported it, it was fixed by the time they went back to their room. The pool area is fantastic, we chose to stay at the quiter end of the pool as we had a baby with us but the neareast end is just as nice and had music and activities during the day. We especially liked the way the pool was shallow for quite a way in as you can sunbath in there too. The pool was clean, during the day some leaves fell into the pool but that can't be helped but I did quite often see attendents cleaning these out during the day.The beach was clean, I prefer to stay by the pool so we didn't venture onto the beach that much but the wedding photos were taken there and they look out of this world.The food was great, the buffet was always different there was a guy makig fresh pasta to order at lunch and dinner and at breakfast eggs any way you wanted them. We tried the Chinese, Mexican, Steak House, Creperie and Italian restaurants and enjoyed them all.The drinks were all nice and the beer was nice too. Loads of cocktails to choose from.If you are booked or thinking about getting married here then I would recommend it. The wedding planner is fantastic and it is so perfect. The hairdresser was great too. The wedding gazebo is on the beach and you walk up the isle over thre bridge to the swimming pool and onto a wooden platform to the gazebo and the sea is in the background. The gazebo was decorated lovely with colours of your choice.Hints and tips - not complaints!!!Don't let the baggage guys at the airport carry your bags, they expect big tips.Take all toiletries you need as the shops are mega expensive!Your hair dryer will hardly work and your hairstraighteners/GHDs will get hot but not up to temp and you have to plug them in well in advance for them to warm. My advice is not to bother, one night I spent ages getting my hair straight but the humidity fluffs it as soon as you walk out the room, let you curls free! :-)The good TV channels are 20,22 and 26 if you like charmed and law and order your sorted!Don't take any notice of the weather forecast before you go, it said rain everyday for weeks before we got there and got a tropical storm twice when we were there, one at night and one in the evening, the weather was glorious sunshine all day long.book the speaciality restaurants when you go for breakfast, there is less queue and you are up that end anyway.I could not get a phone card and the hotel phones are just as expensive as your mobile so try to tell people you won't call home much as it is expensive, also your phone needw to be tri-band to work. The internet is very fast and only 10 $ per hourHave a great time, one last thing, if you want to swim with the dolphins, go to dolphin island it is fantastic and costs $85 not really bad to swim with dolphins.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>curly_gurl_81
<Content>Amazing Trip! Wish we were back at Sirenis       hotel beach  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SusanOxfordshire
<Content>Great Holiday! My daughters (23 years and 25 years) and I have just returned from a two week holiday at the Sirenis Cocotal (22nd May 2006) We had a wonderful time - please don't listen to the negative reviews. The holiday is what you make it! We paid 拢620 per person for a 2 week all inclusive holiday and we all felt it was outstanding value for money. We have paid twice this amount per person to say in other hotels on the DR and yes the food and accommodation were better but you get what you pay for!The restaurants were excellent and we never had any problems in making a booking to visit them. We only ate in the buffet twice during our stay. The wine wasn't brilliant but there were always other drinks available ie beer, Martini, Rum, Vodka, etc etc. The best restaurants were the Chinese, the Steak House and the Creperie. We never had any problems in getting a sun bed and did not have to pay anyone to reserve one for us. The rooms could do with a little updating but they were always spotlessly clean and our sheets were changed every day. Everyone works very hard sweeping and cleaning and making sure the guests are having a good time. The huge swimming pool was always clean and was very warm. It was cleaned every morning. The beach was lovely, the sea was warm and there are no hard rocks underfoot. Make sure you take plenty of mosquito spray - some people were quite badly bitten by them and other bugs. Don't bring beach towels into your rooms as they pick up sand fleas during the day which can then bite you at night. Always leave them outside on your balcony. We visited the Spa and had some lovely body and facial treatments - far better than we have ever experienced in England. The entertainment staff were fun and happy people doing their best to provide entertainment with their very limited resources. The bar staff were friendly and we had some wonderful cocktails - make sure you try the Rum Punch, a Sirenis Special Cocktail and the Champagne Cocktails! The journey was trouble free with both the airline (My Travel) and the bus transfer which took just over an hour from airport to hotel. Yes - the roads are bumby and have some huge holes but the driver did his absolute best to drive around them to give us a smooth ride. None of us were ill and we knew of no other people who got ill either. Staff did not expect tips and were delighted when we gave them. They only want to be tipped if you feel they have given customers outstanding service. The people who complain about this hotel obviously have no idea how to enjoy themselves and expect far too much for the cost of the holiday. I would definitely return.  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CubaGetAway
<Content>Great Vacation - Ignore Negative Travellers!! Just a quick note re: Sirenis Cocotal.We travelled April 18-25/06 with family friends. We have travelled extensively throughoutcaribean for the past twenty years. We were very concerned after booking this holiday to read the negative reviews. We went hoping the comments were from travellers that were too fussy. Anyway, we had an amazing holiday. The cheapest trip we have ever taken. Food was great (we are Italian background) so food was a concern. Pool was awesome. Beach was beautiful. Entertainment was entertaining. Rooms were very clean. Staff very friendly. Dined at a different specialty restaurant every night, never a problem with reservations (approx. 10 minute wait - NO Big Deal). Lounge chairs that seemed to bea big problem in the reviews were never an issue, although I was up early to go for an early walk on the beach, but, I never saw anyone upset over chairs. We also took snorkling gear, the coral reef just feet off the beach is awesome the fish are incredible, they love bananas. We took a cheap disposable underwater camera, it was fantastic.All in all, I have stayed at many others resorts of the same quality and paid $1,000.00 Cdnmore per person. I am already looking forward to our next Sirenis Cocotal Holiday and I am also going to book my two twenty-something yr old kids, with their friends, to this great affordable holiday spot.My sugguestion: don't pay any mind to negative travellers. And to the negative travellers,do us all a favor and stay home.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great resort but leave your apetite at home First off, its important to state that I have been to the DR 3 times and my wife 4. Im basically using the other resorts as a gauge for the Serenis Cocotal. We arrived and were placed in a room on the outskirts of the resort even though there were plenty of available rooms. We got this problem resolved quickly enough and were placed in a room much closer to the pool. The pool, grounds and beach in general are excellent. Clean, sandy beaches without any trace of seaweed as you find in some other resorts in the DR. On the downside, the food and drinks are well below par for a 4 star hotel. The food was very bland and very limited in choice (this is coming from a person who is not a picky eater at all). As for the drinks, the coctails were all the same except for the colour (completely tasteless) ...hope you like beer.The experience was satisfactory considering we got a good deal on the trip but it is a real stretch calling the Serenis Cocotal a 4.5 star resort.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Average resort, but will not return I stayed at the Sirenis, with my wife, for 10 days. Rooms are clean, but due to the fact that the resort was fully booked, every second day, we had to call the front desk, at 5 p.m. because our room wasn't made. Also the food variety was not to our liking ( not just us, many people were disappointed ). No umbrellas or chairs to lie-down on the beach, and when you find any, they are broken. Staff very courteous.Unfortunately my first and last time at the Sirenis.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>boghopper
<Content>A fantastic place        Outback Safari  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will definately return to the Sirenis Cocotal       Jensy..a ton of Fun!!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>IMcH
<Content>It's a nice three star I went with my girlfriend for two weeks from 26 March to 10 April. We booked through Airtours or MyTravel or whatever they are calling themselves this week. The flight was long and uncomfortable - if you are going as a couple ask for two seats on their own as this gives you a bit of extra room to stretch out. The food on the flight is nothing short of awful, take your own sandwiches or something. The drinks are a rip off, it was costing me over $8 for a Jack and Coke. DO not listen to them about the duty free, the airport DOES sell all main brands and they are substantially cheaper than on the flight. If you can, buy your visa before you go. After the flight we had to queue for nearly two hours to pay $10 each to get in to the country, some people obviously knew to buy in advance and walked straight through.The airport transfer is not too bad, it takes about an hour and a half from La Romana but the coaches are air-conditioned.Check in is easy; your bags are transferred to your room for you. Ask for a TV remote and a safe key, remote is free, safe key costs $2 a day. Which brings me to money, we took some US$ and US$ travellers cheques as we kind of figured there would be no ATM close by to get cash, there is one but it hardly ever worked. When we tried to change a US$ traveller cheque we where told we could only receive Dominican money and the exchange rate was 27DR for US$1. This was 8DR less than what the Airtours rep was charging when we tried to use the local cash to pay for a trip. I calculated that by using a dodgy exchange rate the hotel made about 拢100 from me during the trip, when you think I only exchanged $700 that鈥檚 a serious rip off. The point is if you want cash for tips or the shop on site, (which is also a rip off), then you have no choice..... so my advice take lots of low denomination dollars. The staff never looked for tips, but obviously the service improved when you did tip.The rooms were a pleasant surprise, large for a resort of this type, very well kept by the maids and good air conditioning.The food was a real let down, little or no variety. Where is all the fresh fish and fresh fruit.... and I know that sugarcane is manufactured in abundance in DR but does that mean sugar has to go on everything. The speciality restaurants varied. The Mexican and Vegetarian were awful, the Chinese was OK, the Italian and Steakhouse were good. To call the wine vinegar is an insult to vinegar - it's revolting. It's worth spending 拢20 a night to get a decent bottle. The bar will give you the cheap local drink, unless you ask for the brand name, they stock Gordon's Gin, Bacardi, JB Whisky and a few others. The beer is watered down, you can tell because it goes flat the instant they pour it. There are no real bars to speak off, the two main bars are in reception, but you can take your drinks out to the terrace, or sit there and a waitress will find you.I am a verily early riser so I was on the beach before 6am every morning and this way we always got the spot we wanted. To echo another poster some people did pay the pool boys to reserve their spots, unless you got there early you did not get one of the umbrellas, however there were always spare beds.The entertainment was actually quite annoying, far too loud around the pool area; hence we stayed mostly on the beach. Fairly quickly we realised this is a resort for families not couples. But by doing our own thing we still had a relaxing and enjoyable holiday - take lots of books, a MP3 and someone you can talk to and you will enjoy it. Do not expect 5 star, this resort is no more than 3 star.If you go shopping outside the resort, be prepared to be severely harassed, the shopkeepers are very forceful in their attempts to get you into their shops - bordering on physical intimidation. If you do buy haggle and haggle more, the original price will be ridiculous.When you are leaving get out the front with your cases, this way you are on the first bus and straight to the airport. We had about 200 people all heading for the same flight and some of the poor sods must鈥檝e waited in that queue for ages to get on the bus. They will charge you for excess baggage and it is an extortionate 拢6 per kilo, more than Ryan air and as we booked late we had only 15 kilos allowance each. It is a scam and Airtours should be ashamed of themselves for it.I don't mean to sound negative. It is relatively good value for money, I just think that you need to temper your expectations. The drinks are good, the beach is clean, the sea is warm and the food is edible, anyway going on holiday is always what you make it yourself.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>boardermom
<Content>Was okay, but will not return Went from March 16 to 30 2006 - Sirenis CocotalIn the Sunquest brochure this resort is rated a 4 1/2 star, but it is really a 3 star. In the brochure it says, you are intitled to use all the facilites of the sister resort the Sirenis Tropical, except for the vegean alcarte dinner. Well, when we arrived the two resorts are actually one, the only difference is the following: -The front desk for each, are across the lobby from one another. we found it funny that they would have two desk because, they only have one open at a time, so if you needed anything, you would have to go to whichever one was open.-Tropical is more money than the Cocotal.-Tropical you wore Pink bands and Cocotal wore Blue bands. Don't know why bands were different color as everyone got to use all the same, everything. Never got treated any different.Now about our vacation, the bad and good:-The first room they gave us was on the bottom floor in section M, it was so musky smelling, had ants, dirty looking like no one has been in this room for a long time. We returned to front desk and got another room on second floor section B, was much better. But than early next morning, we hear this noise of water flowing, didn't know where it was coming from, until I slid open the closet door and water came flowing out, I had to move our clothes and belongings. We went down to the front desk , told the attendant what happened, he said he would have maintenance look at it. Well it took them until our 3rd last day before they fixed the problem and by than the room was smelling and the closet door was all warped and wood splitting. Everyday I threw a towel down to absorb the water. Oh yeah one more thing bring your own face clothes, as the resort does not have any, we ended up using the giant hand towel.-In brochure it indicates that you get wine with lunch and dinner, well we were very much looking forward to this ,as we are wine drinkers, but the wine was so bad, we couldn't get it past our throats.Other guest said the same thing. They had wine that you could purchase, but was so so expensive, they wanted $1250.00 peso for a bottle of Mouton Cadet which once converted into USD $46.29, and here in Vancouver you can buy this bottle for $15.95 CND.We did end up hiring a taxi to take us to town to the supermarket and we bought wine at way cheaper than resort price.-The food was good, always had something to eat, never went hungry. Best alcarte for us was the mexican.-The beach was beautiful, did snorkeling right infront. We did not get up early like alot of people trying to get a palm tree (palapa), we found lounge chairs and space no problem. You can walk the both sides of the beach the resort and walk to the end, was really nice. It was very hot everyday except the last two days, we had rain, but still nice.-The vendors were pretty tame, they had shacks on either side of resort and couple along the beach. They try to nab you by a greeting they do, but they are friendly. We found that all the vendors had the same stuff, no one had anything differnet. When we went to town by taxi, found few differnet things and better pricing, so it is worth going in by taxi. Cost for 3 hours is $65.00 USD, we had four of us split, so was good price for us. Taxi driver was very nice spoke perfect english, his name was Jose. He took you anywhere you wanted to go.-Lining up for the reservations of the dinners, the trick is they have two lines one at the Cocotal side and one at the Tropical side, we noticed this after our first week, so you can make reservations at either at them. Less people at the Tropical side.-At the bar, we ordered dark rum and lime drinks. The dark rum is way better than the white rum. Bartenders are all good, best one I found was the girl at the pool bar on the tropical side.- Nightly entertainment was poor.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>absolutley fabulous I have been to the sirenis twice, first time in june 2004 with fiance's parents, second june 2005 with fiance.we thought that this place was brilliant that's why we had to go back for a secont time on our own in 2005 and had an even better time. since comming home in 2005 we have since booked to go back to this resort in june 2006.my opinions of this resort are as follows-ROOMS - i thought that the rooms will great, they were clean'n'tidy, always had clean towels and the minibar was well stocked up, beautiful towel designs on the beds daily and cleaners in every day.RESTAURANTS - the buffet restaurant was great, a different theme every night excellent choice to choose from. booking the restaurants was a bit of a pain as you can only have two booked at a time but again great choice and if you can try the steak house it's lovely. Also at breakfast time excellent choice from fried food to cereal and fruit, carn't go wrong.Lunch time buffet not as much choice but who wants to be full of a day, wait til evening.BARS - There are quit a few bars, one in the main reception area ( staff are great fun there ), smaller bar at the entertainment part and two brill pool bars.POOL - The pool is the best part of the holiday it is so clean it's unbeleivable, staff are always cleaning it and you can feel the cleaness of the water. Pool is huge and joines onto the suites resort pool.BEACH - One of the biggest beaches i've ever seen, miles of beach, coral not to far which is great as you can see the fish swimming right by you.GARDENS - Are lovely and so relaxed, with beautiful plants and trees, flamincos walking around and a stream running though the whole complex from top by reception to bottom by pool.CASINO - The casino was a bit on the small side and got to be wary of the people working there as cannot count properly.DISCO - Was great fun but be wary of the all inclusive offer as this does not apply to the disco. have to pay for drinks.ENTERTAINMENT - Always something on, daytime poolside games and volleyball on the beach and beach games. also learn to dance the dominican way ( excellent fun such a laugh ).SHOPS - Keep away from the shops that are at the fround of the hotel on the driveway as these will just rip you off good for a nose though. The ones on the beach try it on with you so dont be soft with them and bargain them down but can get some good bits of them. the paintings are great and coulorful if your into that sort of stuff.AIRPORT - A bit on the small side but staff great. Ont he return not many shops so dont plan on getting presents from the airport there's only a duty free shop there.FLYING THERE - If you can afford it i would advise you to fly first class as it is a long flight and it makes it a lot more comfortable.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jamjar34
<Content>Great Hotel - Airtours rep hopeless We have just returned from a two week holiday at this hotel and had a great time. We went for a relaxing holiday and got exactly that. The staff all spoke very good English and 95% were helpful and friendly.The hotel rooms are ok and are kept extremely clean by the maids.The hotel grounds are beautiful and very well kept. The beach is fantastic, the sea was rough for the first two days so we couldn't snorkel but after that it was great. Did a beginners scuba dive - the Dive Master was brilliant.Food was really good but not enough variety.Entertainment in the evening was a bit repetitive but ok.Make sure you take enough toiletries with you as they are very expensive to buy - not only in the resort but also in supermarkets in Bavaro.One last thing if you are going with Airtours, Direct Holidays etc then please be aware that the holiday Rep is hopeless. She lives at the hotel but doesn't know where any of the activities are. Also we were left waiting from 0645 to 0900 to go on an excursion which had been cancelled and on the last day we were loaded on the coach to go to the airport and then sat outside the hotel for 50 minutes - the airport is then another 1 hour 45 minutes away  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sunbed Scam We just got back today from two weeks in Cocotal. We read all the reviews beforehand and went with an open mind; the two main issues being (1) getting shaded sunbeds very early and (2) the booking system for speciality restaurants. Firstly, the issue of sunbeds. We are up early anyway and did go out to reserve our sunbeds about 6.00 am as we both burn easily. Unlike many people, we stayed and read - and watched! We regularly saw the pool guys and gardeners reserving sunbeds under shade by laying out towels and chairs and the odd left over magazine or book. I'm not talking one or two sunbeds here, but several. I questioned the staff at the time as I was being told I could not have a particular sun shade and they said they were reserving them for their 'amigos'. We watched during the day and saw people coming down to the pool/beach only to find no shade. They then went off in seach of a pool guy/gardener who would take them to the 'reserved' spot and money would exchange hands. We regularly saw 'reserved' sunbeds empty all day as no 'amigos' had appeared. Co-incidentally, these were the days that guests were lying on towels on the concrete by the pool or in the gardens because no sunbeds or cushions were available. We also later became aware of people directly asking the pool guys to reserve particular sunbeds and hey presto!, the next day, they were reserved before 6.00 am (sorted!) On our last day, I watched two pool guys 'reserve' 8 sunbeds. As a result, emotions are running high between guests and we saw several heated 'squabbles' between guests as they resorted to removing others' towels and put their own down. So, the answer to the problem is to either get there before the gardeners/pool guys or pay them. The down side to the beach is that it is full of some kind of sand fleas and we got loads of bites. The hotel has one man spraying the sand with a nozzle from a backpack each morning, but it is not adequate to control the infestation.With regard to the speciality restaurant booking system, I did not find that to be a problem. We made seven reservations and did not have to queue longer than 30 minutes each time. Sometimes, I only booked them because I happened to be walking by and there was maybe two couples waiting - waiting time less than five minutes. What they don't make plain is that you go in the morning (9 - 12) for reservations that day or the next day. Advance reservations should be made between 4 and 6. We liked the Italian and Steakhouse best, but it's personal choice. Last thing... the wine is truly dire! Have a good trip, we did.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>AMAZING RESORT. DEFINATELY 5 STARS. Two words to sum up this resort AMAZING and FANTASTIC.Dont believe the reviews that say this place is horrible, I dont know where them people were staying but it certainly was not were we were.This hotel had everything, friendly staff, clean rooms, clean big pool, clean beach and wonderful food.The Buffet was the greatest food I have ever had on holiday, it was different themed everyday and there were so much selection to choose from and it was all fresh and hot.The rooms were spacious and cleaned everyday and occasionally towels made into swans on the bed. Fridges were stocked up everday full of water and carbonated drinks.The pool was the biggest pool I have ever seen, it was so clean. A few mornings we were up by 6am and we used to walk on the beach to look at the sunrise and staff were cleaning the pools. The beach was so clean too and was combed every morning. Corals was not far from the beach and it was so amazing to see the fish swim past your goggles (make sure you take in a banana the fish love them).The bars were great there were so many to choose from and all the bar staff were friendly and there were so many cocktails to choose from.To sum up this place was great. If you are thinking of going here BOOK IT TODAY and if you have booked it you wont be disappointed.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>relaxd
<Content>Loved the people and Spa, Hate the food and room The staff was excellent. They were always friendly and courteous to bad they have to work at a resort that is not up to there hospitality. The rooms are need of a makeover. The TV looks like it was from the 1970s and you had to PAY $8.00 for the remote control--the AC most have a timer on it because around 10:00 p.m. the room always felt like 85 degrees with a humidifier on full blast--the food taste like someone went and raided a old ARMY DEPOT and took out all the FREEZE DRIED leftovers--never heard of Classic liquor but this hotel had this brand for everything from brandy to whiskey, gin to tequila. Topshelf is not there so much for international drinks the bartenders and waitress were excellent especially Jacqueline and her brother. There is some good news though the SPA services are very reasonable and the staff is all friendly me and my spouse both enjoyed the SPA services. Juanita and Vitalia were excellent and they both speak english as well as others in the spa. Since I like to relax and be pampered when I am on vacation. The spa was an excellent escape from the rest of the resort. If I return to this resort it would be solely based on the people of the resort and the SPA. I hope the resort improve the food, drinks and the rooms.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>3	2	1	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not for the spoiled don't let the title fool you. returned from a week here and I must say, i was impressed. if you are used to being pampered and babyed, this is not the place for you. it was the most relaxing vacation I have ever been on. best bang for the buck too. no one hovers over you but you would be suprised what a buck here and there gets you. we left the chambermaid 5 bucks everyday. every afternoon after the beach, our room was cleaned and there were fresh flowers and the towel animals on the bed. while lounging around, i gave a buck to the waitress who brought us drinks and i never had to ask like non tippers did. they would always watch our drinks and when they were low, they would appear with another. wonderful pool, wonderful beach. yes, i had to get up at 6 am to get good chairs and shade. just took naps. plenty of food but it is bland. not much taste. no illness either. if you don't know spanish, learn a little. they appreciate that too and usually enjoy how bad we can screw it up. always something going on here for anyone who wants something to do. we went to relax and relax we did. fri night, there is a young lady who sings in the lobby and she is great. don't miss her!!! yes the ride is a little rough, but it is worth it. it's all about what you make of it. will definately return one day. americans are pretty out numbered but enjoyed talking to the variaty of people staying there...  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Gargano
<Content>Good Bang for the Buck! My wife and I stayed at the Sirenis Cocotal Beach Resort and Casino in Punta Cana from the 2nd to the 9th of March 2006. This was our first experience with the DR, or an all inclusive holiday, so bear in mind we have no benchmark for comparison, other than our own standards for good service, cleanliness etc.Transportation - Flew with SkyService (Sunquest) out of Toronto. Certainly nothing fancy, flew there and back on an A310. Not much leg room, but hey if you aren't flying first class on a wide body, your expectations shouldn't be high anyway.Sunquest Rep readily available upon our arrival in Punta Cana - and we were easily directed to the bus.(Unless you have 500 pounds of baggage - you don't need a porter as the bus is about a 30 second walk from the exit). Bus trip from airport to resort was just about 75 minutes. I read other reviews and was prepared for the worst. I suspect most of the complainers have never driven through the potholes in Montreal! Hey, the roads aren't great, they are bumpy but the driver takes a lot of care to avoid large holes, or drive slowly over them. The bus is an air conditioned coach and is very comfortable. Driver does a fabulous job under extremely difficult conditions..if you don't think so, you try driving. Tip him when you arrive, after all he had your life in his hands - surely worth a buck or two No! Resort Check in: Poorly organized considering there are 20 to 30 parties arriving at the same time. Rooms not available til 3:00 pm, and flight time does not exactly coincide. Just don't be in a hurry, and try not to be impatient with front desk staff - they don't make policy - they just have to work with it. It is safe to leave your bags in the lobby - recommend you keep bathing suit etc in your carry on and change by the pool. Luggage is marked and will be taken to your room. You must go back to front desk after 3 pm, however, to pick up your TV remote, rent a room safe key,(recommended) and complete check in process. There is usually a sunquest in brief scheduled for the following morning - recommend attending as they review meal hours, excursions and give an unbiased synopsis of restaurants, excursions, and do's and don't's. Only lasts about 30 mins - try to be on time!Resort - General CommentsThese folks do a tremendous job to keep the resort clean and presentable. Groundskeepers are everywhere and working from sunup to keep the place spotless.There is decent nightly entertainment, as well as Olympics in the pool each day that includes dancing competitions, pool sports etc. Lots of fun for kids and kids at heart. Recreational facilities are available, but if you are expecting them to be as good as your fitness club at home - once again an unreasonable expectation for the money you spent to come to this resort. Bars are plentiful and bartenders are pleasant and efficient. If you stick to one bar in the lobby and one in the pool, staff will recognize you and will know what you want ahead of time. Again - don't be shy with the tips. We spent our time with a couple from TO, and she was from Costa Rica and thus spoke fluent Spanish - we found out most of the staff makes about $50 USD per week - tips are not only appreciated - they can significantly improve quality of life.RoomsNothing fancy - reasonably clean. Quite damp though, and ours smelled a little mouldy/musty. Air conditioners aren't quite powerful enough to take out the humidity. A nice breeze usually comes up and most rooms face out onto the pool/beach. No screens unfortunately, but if you open the sliding door and prop open your front door (while you're in the room of course) you'll get a nice cross breeze. We were virtually bug free, but that may be a result of the time of year.Service - They certainly try hard to make your stay as good as possible. Once again - remember that this is the DR, not Manhattan. Only complaint about staff is that it just doesn't make sense to use front desk staff who have extremely limited ability in English.Most of the staff are very friendly and courteous, even if they don't understand English. If you suspect that their English is limited, I always use the test I learned peacekeeping in Egypt - ask them can I paint your dog red? - if they say Si - you know where you stand!Make an effort to use some Spanish. We took a small phrase book. Some of them really appreciate it, and the restaurant staff will offer lessons, with a big grin on their face. We took advice from Trip Advisor and brought dollar store gifts for our chambermaid, and left a few Pesos Americana. Ask for extra water and towels (write a note in Spanish) and ye shall recieve.FoodNothing spectacular but you won't starve! Two main buffets are open for breakfast, lunch and dinner (after 7:00 PM). There are breads, fruits and snacks available throughout the day, but check posted hours for hot meals. They are also open from midnight til about 4 AM for the midnight munchies, but with limited selection.On either end of the (enormous)pool area are two large restaurants. Each of these are open from just before noon til about 3 PM and serve a decent lunch buffet. A la carte dining is available, but kind of tough to waste your holiday in the twice daily line ups in the lobby for reservations. Mexican and Italian are best bets for anything special. Still - nothing to write home about though.Pool Clean and wet - what else do you need! Lots of room. As we were told, if you want to get loungers, especially under one of the palm frond shelters, you have to get down there between 6 and 7 am. Layout towels, paperbacks, sandals, kids - whatever it takes - and even then some vacationers seem to abide by the posted rules, (which says you can't reserve the chairs) and will remove your stuff and plop themselves down if you aren't there yet. Word to the wise - if you plan on rising early to reserve a spot, don't come back down after going back to bed til noon - your stuff will be tossed aside, and rightfully so - nothing as frustrating as having nowhere to lie out when a dozen shaded loungers are sitting unoccupied with towels on them! And speaking of towels - upon arrival/check in you are given two (or more depending on the number in your group) plasticized cards that you take to the towel cabana (located adjacent to the bridge on the pool deck, your room number is recorded etc. I recommend you hang on to your towels at the end of the first day so that you can use them first thing in the morning to lay out on a lounger, although as I mentioned, this is against hotel policy. You can exchange your towels later during the day (the cabana only opens at 9 AM)BeachAbsolutely beautiful - everything they say about the beauty of the Punta Cana beaches is true.Excursions -A little pricey - but well worth the money. Isla Soana Catamaran ($88 pp USD) trip is a full day - with a rather lengthy bus ride (mainly due to some brutal roads) - but is well worth the inconvenience. Travel by either speed boat to and catamaran from or catamaran to and speed boat back (preferred - as they serve excellent rum on board cat - and play caribbean music/dance etc all the way to the island. They serve an absolutely fabulous lunch (you can buy lobster) along with an open bar. White sand beaches, plenty of coral and shells to discretely take back. All in all great excursion. (Note - only available twice per week).Conclusion -All in all this was a good bang for the buck, and I believe we got our money's worth. If you can find a deal (don't pay more than $1000.00 Cdn) this resort is a pretty nice spot. It is clean, family oriented (remember that Canadians and Europeans are not shy about going topless), and a good place to go on an inexpensive holiday. We likely wouldn't go back, (unless the price was too good to pass up), but only because we want to try new countries/places etc.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible Vacation !!!!               More photos  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great looking Resort, Awful Food, Very very Sugary Drinks Just Returned from Serinis 5 Star RESORT...mmmm..Looks 5 Star but that's where the 5 star stops.FOOD..Very Low quality, didn't find a decent piece of meat for 2 weeks, even the chicken was tough...but this was served on the day after one of the Flamingos went missing (!). Still lost weight being vegetarian for a fortnight.DRINKS....Very cheap local drinks with far too much sugar in the coctails and fruit juices (or flavoured with I don't know what squash)SUNBEDS...Sleep on the beach to stand a chance of getting one in the morning! The wedding pergoda is pretty warm and shelltered!NIGHT ENTERTAINMENT....Dancers very good but Dance to prerecorded tracks night after night after night after..zzzzzzz! Choice of one venue at a time for entertainment as pushed from one side of the resort to the other. Wish there was more choice on an evening.DAY ENTERTAINMENT...Pretty Good, join in and have a laughROOMS... Decent but not 4 or 5 star.TRIPS...Marinarium excellent..Kontiki Party Boat excellent...Aquatics great fun... Cigar,Rum and shopping don't bother.SPECIALITY RESTAURANTS....go to the buffet first if you don't want to be hungry at the end of the evening!CASINO... If you're maths is good play Black Jack.. i frequently got paid on 22, but keep close check as dealers can't add up! Drinks are free if you play tables (even $5) where as next door in night club have to pay for drinks(over $5 for decent round).AIRPORT... careful with excess on way out as they will charge $6 a Kg over... got hit with $143 on way out.OVERALL...Great weather...sea and beach cool..rooms Ok..Staff are great and very friendly just wish they had a better product to work with. OK value for money but NOT 4 or 5 Star.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>poor Just came back from this hotel. Had a young child with me of one years old.1: When we arrived there was no cot in room although this had been requested before travel and assured. It took 2 hrs for this to be rectified.2. We reported that our toilet wasnt flushing on arrival. It took 2 days for this to be fixed. After 1 day toilet broke again, we reported it , no-one came to fix it and we ended up with our hands in the sistern fixing it ourselves on a daily basis, this was an easier option than waiting on maintenance.3. Staff speak little or no english.4. We witnessed a couple having -- outside our apartments in broad daylight.5. Our bathroom was covered with hundreds of tiny ants for two weeks.6. You were lucky to be served a drink at the bar, the staff tended to serve whoever they wanted and not in any sort of order.7. 70% of staff were slovenly, unhelpfull and ignorant.8. The food isnt great we lived on french fries and salads for 2 weeks. I definetly wouldnt advise this hotel for young kids, there's nothing for them to eat. I was glad to get my daughter home and get a decent meal into her.9. Our room maid was fantastic.10. The weather and beach was breathtaking and couldnt be faulted.11. You need to be at the beach or pool for about 7 oclock in the morning to get a sun lounger. Also the pool area is very slippery.12. Amenities arent very good and charge extortionate prices.13. The staff in the shops on the complex never have any change? So always try and give them the correct money.All in all we were glad to get home there wasnt any activities for ourselves or my daughter. Very boring. Great holiday if you want to lye in the sun and drink alcohol 24/7 but saying that you'll be lucky if you manage to get served.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>you have to get up early You had to rise at 6am to have any chance of a sunshade and on the beach by 8am to secure a sunbed. There were either too many guests or not enough facilities on either the beach or around the pool.Made many friends queueing for hours waiting to book restaurants only to find the food to be less than good so stopped trying. The lobster restaurant was good but it cost an extra 25dollers.The staff were very friendly and worked very hard but again it was a question of too many guests or not enough staff.The rooms again were cleaned very well one day and hardly at all another day and the supply of towels were intermittant.The structure of the hotel was 5 star but the food and service was more like a 3 star. Have stayed in 4 star hotels that were far superior.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>caroline801
<Content>Great Family resort Just returned from a wonderful holiday.I travel alone with 3 children aged 14 ,12, and 8!!! we all had a great time and there was loads going on for us all.The staff worked hard, with food, drink and fun 24/7!!!My youngest went to the kids club for the last 2 days and wished he went earlier, it was great!!The friends we made from Canada were fantastic, and we were greatful to them for getting our sunbeds out at 5.30am!!! (necessary for the shaded one's!)The food was varied ,and good quality, maybe a strange mixture!! ( no bad tummies, we ate everything!!).The speciality restaurants were good, and made a nice change. The Chinese was our favourite.The hotel is a long way from anything....so you do save money!!! You can barter with the beach shack vendors, for your souveniers.w e had a great holiday, and found the hotel to be big, but loved the activities, especially for the teenagers!!! On a negative note, We were horrified by the Airtours flight, especially on the way home to Gatwick....we had to stop over in Manchester, and were held up in the plane for 3 hours on the Tarmac, whilst they changed crew, and refuelled....apparently this is what they are doing, we were exhausted ,and my kids were sick, nightmare flight....lasted forever! will go to the Sirenis Cocotal again, but will fly to Punta Cana with another company, as La Romana airport is a 2 and a half hour transfer, on a dirt track, hellish!!(Most travel companies use Punta Cana airport for this Hotel, as it is alot closer tranfer.)  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Customer Service Nightmare We booked a one week vacation at the Sirenis Cocotal Resort in Punta Cana in the Dominican Republic. The biggest mistake we made was taking the night flight which didn't allow us to arrive until well after midnight. The bus ride to the resort is over an hour on very bad roads, in fact, we almost hit a donkey on our way. The reception staff at the resort are the worst I've seen anywhere. They are discourteous and not at all helpful, don't speak much english and don't follow through on requests made by guests, ie. we asked for a wake up call one morning and no one called us. Fortunately our tour guide was late and we did get our excursion after all. The bartenders are just as bad as the counter staff. They pick and choose who they are going to serve and will walk right past you and go to another customer and if you point this out to them, they say things to you in spanish so you don't understand them. The pools close at 6pm! There is no nightly entertainment other than the casino. You are so far from the nearest town that if you've forgotten anything, you're stuck. They have a few stores within their complex which charge you outrageous prices, i.e. a chocolate bar was $4 US. The rooms were very clean however and our maid was second to none. We did acknowledge her work by giving her a very generous tip before we left. Our door to our room gave us nothing but problems trying to keep it closed. On our last day, they took the entire door frame apart to refit the door. They don't explain to you how their card systems work. You are given two door cards but one has to be put into the reader inside the door in order for you to use the lights. If you remove it, the lights go out. This was very confusing at 1am in the morning and no one to tell you what to do. They also don't explain to you about the TV remote control box or the safe in your room and so you don't access either until the next day when you've had a chance to read the documents they've given you. You would think this would be explained when you register. We were very disappointed with this resort and although it is very beautiful and clean and right on the beach, the staff always makes or breaks it for you. The food was mediocre at best and in order to go to a speciality restaurant, you had to line up everyday for two hours only to be told that you were too late, they only booked half the restaurant. On our second last day, my husband stood in line for the last time and told the woman that we had been there all week and still unable to get a reservation and so she finally put us in for the Steak House. The food there was very good and they served you, unlike all the other meals that were buffet. Unfortunately on our second last day, I got very ill and the illness continued for two weeks after getting home. Severe vomiting and nausea. They also don't provide a face cloth in the bathrooms or kleenex. They did have a bar fridge in every room though and the maid filled it everyday with new bottles of water and coke and sprite. The worst of all was trying to get a lounge chair either at the pool or at the beach. There simply were not enough chairs for the number of guests. You had to be out there no later than 7am in the morning to get a chair. We managed to get them for two of the seven mornings. We were very disappointed that since we were there on Valentine's Day that they would have at least put on a dance for their guests, but the only thing they did was to decorate the lobby. It was basically a very boring vacation. They catered to children all day long but forgot about the adults at night. It wouldn't have been so bad if we had something to do in the evenings because there wasn't anywhere you could go because its so remote. On our last day, we had to check out of our rooms at 12 noon but we didn't leave for the airport until after 6pm for an 11 pm flight. They expected you to put your luggage into a holding room as they call it and then if you required a shower after spending the day in the sun, they said you could go to the spa and shower there. The problem being is that we had three flights of people leaving at the same time and only two showers in the spa. We ended up paying an additional $40 to keep our room until 4pm. Then they only sent one bus when we had two bus loads of people going to the airport. They had already loaded our luggage onto the first bus but when we went to get on, there was only room for one of us. My husband ended up waiting for the second bus and when I got to the airport, I had to wait an hour and half before his bus arrived. When I went to register for the flight home, I explained to the man that my husband was on another bus and there was no way, I was going to get on a flight for 4 1/2 hours indifferent seats like the bus. At first he said my husband would have to register when he got there but then I got upset and he decided to oblige me. This was the first time we'd been to an island. Its absolutely beautiful, with mountains and beaches and very, very poor but given our experience we would not return to this resort or probably to this island.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it Me and my husband went to Sirenis for our honeymoon and it was definitely a good choice. The staff made a real fuss of us when they found out we were newly married. We had breakfast in bed which was excellent.The rooms were great, plenty of room, always clean and the fridge was stocked daily. Mention to Lorenzo, our cleaner, he was excellent. The pool was amazing. It was so big, plenty of room for everyone, plenty of loungers (but only if you get there early enough!!), 2 pool bars, 2 snack bars at either side of the pool and also activities in the pool which were great fun.The beach was great. Nice little huts to get under when it got too hot, plenty of loungers and also watersports which my husband made the most of. Most of them are free as well, so dont get conned into paying anything as the first time we used them, we made the mistake of asking how much it was and they charged us 160 peso which apparently was insurance!!!Also on the beach there are some little shops, which you must visit. These are just outside the hotel grounds so when you go to them the shop holders do try and get you in their shops but its all good fun, just make sure you barter with them and you'll get a good deal.The food was really good. I am quite fussy and was a bit worried before we went but there was always something I liked. We went to the gourmet restaurant, but wouldnt recommend it. The Italian and Chinese were good and the Steak House was excellent. The best thing is after going to a specialist restaurant if your still hungry you can go into the buffet restaurant and get some more!!!!The excursions we went on were excellent. We really enjoyed them especailly the Outback Safari. It was great to learn so much about the Dominican. The staff were great, they really make your holiday more enjoyable. The entertainments staff are so lively, they really go all out. Most of the staff dont speak English but if you know a bit of Spanish it helps. The service was great and the staff in the buffet restuarant got so used to us that they would bring our drinks without us even asking them to!!!There is a market in the hotel lobby on Tuesday's. Be careful the prices are really high and they really do rip you off. The things they sell are the same as the shops on the beach, so you are better to just avoid the market and go to the beach shops instead!! Also take plenty of deodarant, hair gel, sun cream, etc as the shops on site are very expensive and as the hotel is so far from anything you have no choice but to buy from them if you need anything. We ran out of hair gel and had to pay about 拢8.00 in English money for a small tub!!!!Overall the holiday was excellent. We are definitely going back next year for our anniversary and would recommend the resort to everyone.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An Excellent Resort It was the first time my friend and I had ever been to the Dominican Republic.The hotel was excellent, very clean, friendly and spacious for such a large complex. The food was wonderful and a good variety. The staff were very friendly and helpful. You can walk a long way down the beach in either direction. The pool is large and clean. The sheets and towel were changed daily and the linnen in the dinning room is also changed constantly. Would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Value for Money!! We were at the Sirenis Cocotal from Feb 14 to 21st 2006. You can say we live on the beach all that time! The beach was excellent. Corals all over the area with colourful fish. Bring your snorkelling gear. The beach is endless. You can walk for about an hour and be at Sunscape Punta Cana on one side and almost another hour to Secrets Excellence. Water is very clear and at time a little cool. The food is excellent. There are 2 buffet restaurants open at breakfast and dinner. THere are so much selection at the buffet that you don't really need to go the ala carte restaurants. We went to 2 - Mediteranean and Creperie and found them to be a little disappointing for the time that you have to wait in line to make reservations. The buffets are never crowded unless you are there at peak time - 8am for breakfast and 8pm for dinner. Very few mosquitos and never saw or bitten by sandfleas. Yes, you need to reserve your lounge chairs early in the morning otherwise you will be stuck in the sun without much shade. Weatherwise - excellent. Check in service was not as smooth as anticipated - language barrier and the room wasn't ready until 3pm. Sunquest Rep was very helpful and spoke English well. Rooms were very clean and towels were replaced every day. Bar drinks very also good. Best Pina Colada I've had yet but remember to ask for rum with the Pina Colada otherwise it is a virgin. Drive to the hotel (1 hour)is long and bumpy. We had to make 2 stops - Sunscape Punta Cana and Gran Paradiso. Really nothing to buy at the gift shops. Usual items sold at any resorts and overprized. The Gift shop (not resort gift shop) on the left side on the beach will give you a better exchange rate - US$1 to 32 Peso. (At hotel US$ 1 to 27 Peso).  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wedding 2006 Just got back from Dominican. A perfect wedding. If you like no planning, no frets, beautiful surroundings this is the place for you. We went down with 30 family and friends and everyone from grooms brother 24 to grandma 80 had a great time. The plannner was organized, confident, and bubbley. The flowers where extra, $90 US, white roses for 3 bouquets, bouteners, and centerpieces, not bad. A really tasty cake for 30+, i got to keep the center people on the cake and gave the remainder roses of the center piece to people in the lobby. The photographer did a good job of keeping as many bathingsuit people out of the pictures. The gazebo was perfect, right on the beach decorated, but i did get a gathering, like 250 random spectators. Everyone was clapping and taking pics. I handed out the roses in the lobby who I recognized. I did lose my little non expensive earrings that I didn't keep in the safe to the cleaning crew, total my fault, keep everything sparkelly in the safe, it's worth it.Tip the maids other wise you won't get your sheets changed daily.don't lay directly on the beach chair matts, My girlfriends got some pretty nasty sand flea bites. If you do not want the $200 US video offered for the wedding, tell them before hand. We got quiet the guilt trip. Pics are $200 for 10 prints with the disc.Steak house is the best place for banquet. Open area with a nice big table for 30 comfortably. i did get a lot for sand bites from standing on the beach, and a few mossie bits, which really itch. I got my makeup done at the spa and found myself with some nasty irritations, bring your own makeup. They do a good job, but i don't think it was hygenic. Buffet is basic buffet, you are going to a buffet so expect a buffet. I stuck to fries and nachos, not the best to eat before a wedding but I never got sick, a couple of my friends had half a day boutes, but were fine. Bring a lot of US cash with you! The bank machines don't tend to work and only spit out pasos.The shows are fun, beats sitting in the lobby, drinks are a stiff pour, evenings are hot, rooms are cool. i had a marvelous time and would suggest this resort for a wedding. Watch out for all the extra costs, legal costs, extra people, flowers, pictures.One other thing, If you have any guests that book elsewhere and they get a yellow braclet, take advantage...this gets you free drinks at the disco. This is a major up, otherwise they are $4us each. We got the 4 guests to tip large the bartenders and they would bring back a ton of drinks for all the blue wristed ones. As drinks are gone after 11:30-12. I had a great time, was treated like a princess!feel free to email me seanandcolleen@gmail(-)wedding was feb 10 2006.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised................ We stayed at the Cocotal from Feb 3rd till the 10th, 2006. The resort and the grounds were beautiful. The beach and water was great. Lots of beach to walk. Take some bug spray because we got eaten alive. Not sure if it was sand fleas(since we spent our 7 days on the beach) or from mosquitos in the evening. We never did see or hear the little buggers. We had dinner at the Mexican, Chinese, Steak and Italian restaurants. We did not have a bad meal. The Steak restaurant was okay but the other 3 were better. I am a picky eater but If you couldn't find anything to eat at the restaurants or the buffet, I would be very surprised. Our rooms were clean and lovely, but no wash cloths. Make sure you bring some. There is no coffee maker in the rooms and that would have been a nice touch before venturing down to the breakfast buffet. We had a very good time at this resort. For there being 427 rooms at this resort. I did not find it overly big compared to some I've been to. Just beware that it takes just over an hour to get to this resort from the airport due to the poor road, but it was nice to see some of the scenery on the way to the resort.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Value for the money My husband  I stayed at the Sirenis Cocotal from Jan26-Feb 9/06.While this resort is rated a 4 1/2 - 5 star, Personally I would give it a 4 star tops.The rooms are spacious, and ours was always well cleaned.Sometimes noisy from people slamming their doors at all hours.The beach was beautiful. Lots of palapas  shade from the palm trees. If you're not down at the beach by 9a.m. it'll be hard to find a lounger. And yes some of the cushions were dirty...that's what you're towels are for! Of the 14 days we were there, there was a red flag 1 day, and most days were a green flag. My husband did alot of snorkeling right off the beach. Lots of fish to feed.We found the food to be pretty good. There was always something you'd like at the buffet. We only did 1 ala carte, and that was the Chinese. It was quite bland and wouldn't recommend it.We heard mixed reviews about the Steakhouse.The staff were great. We tipped generously and had the best service ever.If you're looking for a cheap holiday, this resort is a good bang for your buck.If you want 5 star service, food etc. I would suggest Fiji or Tahiti. Of course it'll cost about $400.00- $500.00 USD per night.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kathy/dan
<Content>great resort stayed at sirenis cocotal from jan25-feb8.we found it to be beautful but bigger than we had expected with the tropical using all the same facilities. the rooms were clean,the grounds were immaculate, the washrooms ect were always spotless. the food was what we had expected at the buffet,average and sometimes cold but the a la carte were very good, we ate mostly there every evening, you had to be up early to reserve a spot though.we knew is was isolated and we would not be venturing far, but if you like to do the trips ect, take about 5-6 hours for travel time alone.we spent lots of time walking the beach which was beautiful, the vendors can be aggressive though, so beware. overall excellent vacation  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>toroguy
<Content>awesome staff One word describes the Cocotal Resort WOW. I arranged this trip for 28 people, a customer incentive trip. I was blown away at the way the staff treated us. You could have not have asked for better service. Tipping is not needed, but you did anyways because it was appreciated. We visited Jan19th to Jan26th, weather was fabulous. Rooms were large, clean and although the fridge had no beer there was Coke and water. Remember to get a safe key($2.00) per day. Also ask for a TV converter and intructions on how to program it, when you check in. (save you a trip back to the lobby later). Food, now my wife is a picky eater, but she even raved at the quality and choice at the buffet. We only did the Mexican A La Carte. Reviews on the others were not as favorable. Beach and Pool, WOW, clean and swim up bars were operable and serviced well. Some topless women, but hey i didn't find it offensive. Staff would bend over backwards to assist you, even the gardeners were friendly. A man was way up in the coconut tree cutting fronds and coconuts down and he called one of my customers over and came down to chop up a coconut so they could try the milk. Raphael was the Quadrunner sales guy, just an absolute gentleman, sold 3 of us on a quad trip(3 hours) what a blast, got to see sugar,cocoa,banana growing, 2 small villages etc. Got muddy and dirty but alot of fun. Ride from the airport is bumpy and long but in the end worth it. Would I go back?? In a heartbeat to the Cocotal. Have a great time.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poor Just returned from seven nights at the cocotal. Unfortunately every good point was compromised by a bad one.1. Transfer was very scenic, however lasted two and a half hours from La Romana, an hour more than advertised.2. Pool was beatiful and large, however many of the loungers were broken and the pads were filthy.3. Beach was striking to look at but definately the atlantic. Far too rough to snorkel. Outside the hotel boundries we were immediately harrrassed by souvenir pushers, making it difficult to explore the coastline.4. Buffet restaurant was good with excellent carvery, however 'speciality restaurants' were anything but special. A word about the gourmet restaurant; be sure to purchase a ticket from reception after you book. Couldn't get into restaurant due to lack of a door handle, had to rely on other diners to let us in.5. Rooms were pleasant enough but, bathrooms were not cleaned well enough. A number of the accomadation blocks were built direrctly next to palm trees, which sway in the wind and bang on the roof, keeping you awake.6. Excursions promoted by the 'My Travel' rep, Gillian, were misdescribed. the trip to Saona Island was sold to us on the basis of a 40 minute coach journey and three hours on the island, but in reality was a two and a half hour coach journey and two hours on the island.In summary our holiday reflected the weather; bursts of sunshine interrupted by frequent downfalls.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome pool and beach We stayed at the Sirenis Cocotal from Dec. 26-Jan. 2, 2006. We were on a budget, and for a 3-4 star property, we were extrememly pleased. The pool is enormous, with plenty of chairs. However, if you don't reserve your chairs by 8:00 or so, there will be no chairs left. Our room was on the tropical side, and I would suggest the upgrade to the larger room. It was only 75.00 or so more for the week. Our view was gorgeous, not of the ocean, but of the mountains and foliage.  The beach was fabulous!!!!! spacious, clean, with an abundance of chairs. We have vacationed in Cancun a few times, and there is no comparison-beach wise. There are palm trees, coconut and banana trees everywhere. We enjoyed the shade on the beach.  This resorts attracts many Europeans, and there was much topless sunbathing. My six-year old daughter did not catch on, but if she was any older, she probably would have. This was mainly by the ocean, little by the pool. The Americans were definitely outnumbered here, we had a wonderful time listening to all of the different dialects.  The food was fairly good, my daughter was always able to find something to eat. The buffets served hotdogs, fries, hamburgers, icecream for the kids. I missed grilled chicken, there was usually steak, quite overdone. The fresh crepes at the buffet were excellent. We tried the Mexican (excellent), steakhouse (mediocre).I did not hear of any sickness or food poisoning.  If you are looking for a resort with a fabulous beach and pool, then you will be pleased with the Sirenis. We were very fortunate as we had 8 days of beautiful weather, but for rainy days, there is little to do, nowhere to venture out to.  One more bit of advice. Our luggage, along with about 20 other couples luggage was not at the Dominican Airport when we arrived. If you are traveling with children, pack a few outfits and a swimsuit just in case(in your carryon). We were fortunate to get our luggage back intact the following day, however there were 3 couples I knew of that never got theirs back. Also, pay the extra money for the in-room safe. Good luck!!  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Moomillion
<Content>Best Holiday Ive ever been on This was my first holiday with my boyfriend and it was the best I have ever been on. We were worried before we left on the 26th Sept as the Hurricanes were getting particularly bad. But we had an amazing time.If you can get premier seat on the plane as when people put their seats down in front of you, you cant even see the tv screens or have a drink.Our room was great, clean sheets and towels everyday, fridge stocked daily and a great view of the beach.We had no trouble getting sunbeds and an umbrella, the beach was beautiful, we went for morning walks leaving our belongings at our sunbeds and nothing was stolen. On the right of the resort the shop owners are very annoying and try and pull you in to their shops so walk in the sea for a peaceful walk. The shop on the left of the hotel was the best no fake prices just great service. The pool was great the only time it was dirty was during the second week after the storm was constantly blowing leaves and sand into it.But the cleaners tried their best to remove all debris from in and around the pool.I didnt have any problem with the food, the breakfast buffet was the most repetitive, but we loved the evening buffet. We did try the steak house but my meal was raw, they did make the effort to cook me a new meal but I was put off by that point.The mexican was ok, everything had avocado with it which I dont like.The best restaurant we went to was the Chinese, it was amazing. The duck was beautiful and so was the pork. My boyfriend could not decide what to have so they brought us several portions without us asking. The buffet was great, every night had a cavery (their beef was amazing). We fell asleep one night and they sneaked us in at 10pm so we could have something to eat.The second week we were there it thunder stormed but we still had the sun in the morning but one day we got stuck under our umbrella, as even the pool grates floated away. But we had a great time in the lobby or playing ping pong in the sports bar. Be careful if it does rain as the floors are quite slippy. If you like morning tea, bring your own supply as the dont have much english tea available. The wine is terrible, but the service was great we always had fresh water in our glasses and the lemon line slush is great to cool down with.The only problem we had was that our Rep Gillian was rubbish, she didnt tell us anything when we arrived at the airport and she might as well have been asleep on the bus on the way there. So we just avoided her welcome meeting and got on with our holiday, we didnt need her anyway as we had no problems.The reason why I decided to leave a review about our holiday was all of the bad reviews left are from people who obviously had a bad holiday for other reasons, you make your holiday what it is with the people you are there with, Im sure if I had gone on my own I would have had a terrible time. But I just wanted to say that the hotel is great and go with a positive mind set else you will be miserableHave fun......  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay!! Ate alot of fries..... well i just got home about 10 mins ago from the airport. i too read all the reviews before i went and was scared to see what i would find. Lets say i was pleasantly surprised with the service and the quality of the hotel. i am a picky eater and found myself eating fries alot of the time....but that was just me. Some of the games on teh beach and the poolside were a little pressured but it was all good. Overall i had a great time and would go back in a heartbeat. Good job and all i can say is yes the ponds were a little murky....they are PONDS and yes the drive was a little long and bumpy but you are in a Third World Country....remember that ;)Thanks  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great honeymoon spot       Honeymoon Suite  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sparks3764
<Content>great holiday       hotel entrance  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing!       Dancing at the show  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great resort We just returned from a week vacation at the Sirenis. Having read some of the negative comments posted here after we booked, we were somewhat concerned. We worried for nothing. The resort was great. Lots of sun, sand and fun. Staff were quick to respond and very helpful -thank you Gregorio (the Manager) for treating us well. The buffet for breakfast, lunch and dinner was good. Same for the restaurants and on some nights the food was very good. The resort is amazingly well organized given that it is a large resort (over 800 rooms). There were no shortages of food or anything else, other than lounge chairs at the pool and beach.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>debwsher
<Content>Great Beach, Bad Food       Kids by Pool  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I did not want to leave       View from our room  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for families with kids We've recently spent 2 weeks at the Sirenis. Food was great, service at dinner  in the bars excellent. In general, staff was very helpful. Kid's Club staff was wonderful, provided children with lots of activities. These ladies love their job  it shows. My son was to young to attend by himself, but I spent time there with him. Christmas Day there was a Santa on the beach with gifts for all the kids. Pool is large, so is the beach. We've spent most of our time there, where we found enough shade under tall palm trees. Landscaping  grounds very nicely kept  taken care of daily. Thanks.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>big resort My wife and I just returned from staying a week at the Serenis Tropical Suites. Big resort, lots of european's, would classify it a four star only. Just a little tired of getting up early to at least get two chairs on the beach! The food was good, service at dinner was excellent. This was our first and only trip to the Dominican Republic, lots more of the caribbean to discover!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>2	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value, but not 5* Just came back from 2 weeks at Sirenis Cocotal. I was expecting a little more than we got because it is rated 4.5* - 5*. I have always stayed at 3, 3.5, 4* and thought this time around we would travel to a more luxurious location. It is definitely not better than a 3.5* hotel. However, I got an unbelievable deal for a family of four, and honestly believe that you make the time you have. I, like other people, found the food to be nothing more than average and a little repetitive. The a la carte restaurants are worth going to for a change in pace. The Mexican was very good, as was the vegetarian. My kids liked the Pizzeria/Italian. We were fortunate enough to have been able to try all 7 a la cartes since it was not yet busy season. But, regardless of how bland the buffet may have been, I was happy that I was on vacation, and I did not have to cook.The room was nothing special. I left a tip every day for the maid, but still it was not really clean. My sons only sweater and coat were stolen from the room which made returning to Canada in December a little awkward. But, they probably need the clothes more than we do. And, besides, I didn't go all the way down to the D.R. to spend two weeks in my room.The pool and beach were both amazing. The kids loved the pool, it is extremely large. The beach was beautiful, and it was nice to not be harrased by beach vendors. The resort grounds were all very well maintained. The people there all work very hard. The nightly entertainment was a little cheesy from what I saw, although the Michael Jackson show was pretty good. We often ended up sitting around in the lobby enjoying the live musical entertainment instead of watching the shows. Oh, if you like champagne, they serve it at the main lobby bar if you ask. Our biggest complaint was the location of the resort. It is very isolated. If you like to be able to go off the resort and see some of the people and some real culture, this is not the best resort to go to. We went into Higuey which is about an hour away just to do a little shopping, but that was the extent of it. The taxi cost $65 US for 4 hours of sightseeing/shopping, and the driver accompanied you wherever you wanted to go. I would recommend this for anybody who doesn't want to spend the big dollars to do the excursions but wants to leave the resort. Also, a word of caution for anybody travelling with small children. Bring lots of medication for diarrhea, stomache cramps, etc. And be sure to buy medical insurance before you go. My 3 year old got very sick and had to be hospitalized because of an intestinal infection which we feel probably came from bacteria in the pool. If you do have to go to the hospital for some reason, the Bavaro Hospital was excellent, better than any hospital I have been in here in Canada. The room was better than the room at the hotel.The only thing is that it is 45 minutes away by ambulance. So, it is something to consider before booking. All in all, the vacation was great. The kids had a great time. Our friends who travelled with us love to sit around by the pool and relax, so they would like to go back. I probably wouldn't go again just because I like to be closer to a city or town, and I like to try new places. But, if you get a great deal on this hotel, just like I did, it is worth trying.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxatioin Just returned from a week ending on Christmas Day (family of 5). Weather was great, pool was excellent, service was better than just OK, rooms were clean but not exceptional.To put things in perspective, go on the Bavarro Runners excursion into the interior where you will learn more about their culture by visiting a sugar cane field, tobacco farm and museum (bargain for the cigars), coffee  fruit plantation, local residence and experience the problems they have with their infrastructure. The roads are a great amusement park ride.The resort food was good but bland. Remember it has to cater to a variety of tourists from a variety of countries. For our week, there were mostly Brits, French and Canadians. Breakfast is pretty well the same but make sure you try some of the fried plantain and cassava which are local foods. Lunch again is pretty bland but you can make a sandwich, have a hot dog, burger and fries, some interesting pizza or a crepe station. Dinner always has a special meat such as roast pork, beef or seafood and there is a pasta station where you can have a cook mix up your own creation. Because we were there on Christmas Eve which is when Domincans celebrate their Christmas, the dinner that night was excellent with anything you can imagine....lobster, roast beef, turkey with stuffing, steak, lamb, salmon, shrimp, red peppers stuffed with seafood, and champagne served generously throughout the meal. Make sure you do try out the theme restaurants to give yourself a break from the buffet. We were impressed with the Mexican and Chinese but disappointed with the Steakhouse. We would have liked to experience more of the Dominican foods and flavours, though. All in all, we didn't have to cook and the variety was such that you wouldn't go hungry no matter how picky you are. Rooms were clean and we tipped our maid with cash and chocolate so we never really had a problem. Yes, there were a few small irritants but nothing that made our vacation less enjoyable...look at it as an experience. As for some of the previous reviews that refer to weeds and uncleanliness in the ponds, well, these are fish ponds...they are not meant to have crystal clear water. Pool  beach...excellent. We had no problem getting loungers but you did have to be by the pool early in order to reserve a hut...8 to 8:30.Entertainment...OK but not overwhelming. The staff worked hard at it but the accoustics are not very good which made it a little difficult to understand what was being said even in your native tongue. All in all, it may not be a 5 star resort but it is good value for the money. You are there for the weather which was ideal.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great!!!       view from our room  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>2nd time around, great resort sliding down a slippery slope This is the second year in a row that we have stayed at this resort. We returned to this resort because we knew what we were getting. This is not a 5 star resort but it was comfortable. It is never a bad thing when you have a drink in your hand and sun shining on your face. We did notice this year that the service, food quality and activities certainly were on the decline.The price was right and we survived, but we would not go back again unless signifigant changes occur. We returned on November 6th. My brother and his wife arrived on the 8th on our reccomendation. While they were there they found out that the resort had gone through a ownership change 4 weeks earlier. This would explain some of the unhappiness of the staff, reductions in staff, loss of morale of the staff and general untidiness of the resort. Hopefully this is just some temporary quality adjustments that will work themselves out. What we do remember is the great spirit of the dominican people who are genuinely greatful the have us as their guests. With regards to the reports of thefts from rooms, please realize that this is a poor third world country with people who live literally day to day in conditions that we could not imagine. You are responsible for your own actions. You do not have a choice but to safeguard you valuables. Use the safe. Pay the $2.00 per day.....just factor it into the cost of the trip. Not one person who complained about theft had anything stolen from the safe. One lady said she put her money and valuables in her suitcase and put a lock on it. That is as good as putting a huge sign on the bag saying,look in here for all my good stuff! For now I would not reccomend this resort.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK OK, here it goes. I read many reviews before deciding to book my trip so I thought I should also give my opinion about the resort. The resort itself is nice. It's very large and open. You have no problems finding a place to get a drink, but the bars do close at midnight. (except the casino) Our room was also nice. It was spacious and cleaned well every day.I'm from the US and do not speak Spanish. This was a slight problem because most of the staff do not speak English very well at all. Of course I was in their country, so I shouldn't expect them to speak perfect English. It seemed they couldve been a little more friendly and willing to help, though. The beach was very pretty. It does get a bit crowded and it's impossible to find a lounge chair after 11AM, but I had no problem with throwing a towel on the beach. The entertainment at night was OK. I think the performers really do a good job and work hard to put on a good show, but there was no other entertainment in the evenings, and seeing the dance show every night got a little old.Now for the food. Before I booked the trip, I read many reviews stating that the food was not very good. I thought that I could handle it. I certainly don't eat fine food all the time. What I didn't realize is that it's not mediocre American food, it's mediocre Domincan/American/Other food. The American dishes that were attempted just didn't taste right. They have their own version of how things taste and use different spices and seasonings that you wouldn't expect in certain foods. There was a salad bar at every buffet, which I could've made a meal on no problem, but there was no selection of salad dressings, no cheese, nothing I would normally put on a salad. Just lots of veggies and bottles of vinegar and oil. There was no seafood. Really the only meat used was grilled chicken. The specialty restaurants are not much better. I ordered the beef tenderloin at the steakhouse and it was about 1/4 inch thick and dry as a bone. I ordered lobster spaghetti at the mediterenian and got five very small pieces of lobster. The bottom line is this: If food plays a large part in your vacation enjoyment, this is not the place for you. I suggest paying a little extra and staying somewhere with a better quality of food and a little more entertainment.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>karlos1
<Content>hmmmmmmmm its ok hi have to say hi to mark and family from canada. the hotel was fine, rooms ok but it was clean. The food was good but the same every other day chinese was good though. but the bad was every thing closed at midnight and the disco you had to pay for drinks.For the kids it was good as lots to do for them, activities during the day where good as then best thing about the hotel was the entertaining staff (Lewis,Jesus,Fermin funny guys)you have to try all the games i thought they where fun.lots of people from other lands germany france canada US, but what you put into it is what you get out of it. weather was good had some rain but its still rainy season there. so the hotel over hall i thought was ok rooms basic but you only sleep there, i though i was good for the kids and in the end effect thats all that matters we had fun meet new people.hi to all from Karl AKA Mr Serenis lol.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cubankid
<Content>were we at the same resort as the other Dec reviews?? We got back from Sirenis Cocotal Dec 7th. All I can say is there must be 2 Sirenis Cocotal's in D. R. Lucky for us we got the good one. We are far from new travelelers to the Caribbean, Cuba, D.R. and mexico. We have been in better and we have also been in worse. This had to be the best bang for the buck we have ever had in 13 trips. Staff was great, resort was great. There was a lack of good beach lounge chairs, and no fault to the resort it was windy.. MMMM maybe that Hurricane sitting in mid Atlantic Ocean while we were there had something to do with the wind. Recommend for the price YES go back no, only because we always want to try new spots.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Pinkparrot
<Content>Stayed 1 night  Only one thing to say Ask your rep for a move to a 5* Hotel.Take no excuses  get out.Thats what I did and I ended up in a much better hotel in Bavaro with a view from my room overlooking the whole of Bavaro bay - a view to die for.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware of dishonest hotel staff!! I went with my Mom for 1 week returning on Dec. 10.Beach is not as nice as Bavaro and by far worse than Cuba. Food was acceptable if hotel is 3* but not good enough for 4* hotel. Lunch buffet was the same every day. Steak resto serves Sirloin steak which is so tough and thinly sliced. Chinese resto is good. At this time of year, ocean is too rough to snokel so don't bother bringing your gear. Room was very plain and service was comparable to 3* only. We had a terrible incident 1 day before we return to Montreal.I always lock my money and valuables in my suitcase each day and I was shocked to discover the night before we left that the lock was cut and they stole $460 U.S. + $50 Cdn and a medicare card from my Mom's purse which was locked in my suitcase. The day before the incident, I called for a plumber to fix the toilet since there was no water in the tank after the power went out. The maid took the plumber to our room that night while we went down for supper. Apparently, they must have noticed that my suitcase had a lock and assumed that we had money in it. The next day while we were on the beach, they came in the room with the maid's master key and cut the lock to steal the money.I reported to the security staff at the lobby and all they did was took notes of my loss and asked when the last time I went back to my room. I told them I was sure it had to be the maid and the plumber who came in our room the night before. They kept my broken lock as evidence and said that they will call me next week to give me the result of their investigation.That means nothing will be done and the maid will not be fired and my money will not be recovered since we already left their resort. They did not seem to care nor were they concerned when I told them I would post it on the Net to warn all their guest about their dishonest staff.I was very disappointed that this could happen at a 4.5* hotel. I'm hoping that you would all use the safe in the room to store your passports and money instead of locking it up in your suitcase since they will cut the lock easily. My lock was cut so clean and professional that I thought I broke it until I realized that the money was stolen.I will stay away from this Hotel from now on. It's so far away from the airport, food is not good, service is lousy and security system is unreliable. If you decide to go there, then be cautious and keep all your valuables in the room safe. They charge $2 U.S per day.By the way, this resort caters to Family more than to singles. For couples, I would recommend going to the Bavaro resorts which is closer to the airport and apparently the beach is much nicer.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mosaic
<Content>Curb your expectations I don't know what criteria was used to rate this resort a 4.5* (Sunquest) or 5*(Sirenis). First of all, it is located on Atlantic side, pretty far from Punta Cana resort area. The beach is more like Puerto Plata than pristine beaches with white sand most people expect.LOCATION. Over 1hr drive from airport, very remote, no towns nearby. BEACH. Big waves most of the time, brown sand, water is often murky. Dangerous undertow, must be careful with small kids. No lifeguards on duty. Watersports are available, but no boogieboards - bring your own. Many loungers are broken and lounge pads are filthy. Sand is nice for strolls. Many palm trees, nice for shade and pictures.POOL. Good location (along the beach), very big and pretty. Good for kids. Two swim-up bars. You could have a pool voleyball game, aerobics, laps, kids splashing and drinking going on all at the same time without interfering. Loungers around pool must be taken early.GROUNDS. Landscaping and architecture are nice, but maintenance is a different story. Lagoon along main walkway is absolutely disgusting and antisanitary. Grass is not mowed regularly. Many mosquitos at night. Lots of marble, granite, stained glass and ironwork. Common areas around lobby are dark and depressing with a serious need to clean stained and smelly furniture. ROOMS. Regular motel-like,unimpressive even for 3*, probably rated 4.5* by Sunquest because of granite counter in bathroom. Remote for TV has to be signed out at the lobby, so is the safe key ($2 per day!). Most 2* have keypad safes nowdays, but here you have to drag the bulky key everywhere. Power was out 3 times in 2 weeks - once in the morning the plumbing was off for for 2 hours. Imagine that with 2 kids...Many times room wasn't cleaned until after 7PM, it is not pleasant to return from the beach and not to have towels and soap there, never mind to be able to rest before dinner because maid was finally sent in after a call. And it is true that bedsheets are not changed for days.ENTERTAINMENT. Acceptable, but boring after a couple of days. They do try hard, but I think this resort does'nt want to pay good performers, other resorts in DR we were at are a lot better. Once after the show they even had a loud and emotional argument with their manager over pay, in front of srtartled guests. KIDS. Kids club is only 2 - 2hr periods. ACTIVITIES. Typical resort games. During bad weather, no activities at all. No effort whatsoever is made to keep people occupied. Except for the disco, all bars are closed at 12 and they even turn off lights and fans in common areas! Drinks at the disco are $4-$5, they have a guard at the door that won't even let a bottled water inside. All inclusive...FOOD. I don't want to go there. Is there a negative star system? Other reviewers pretty much said it. OVERALL. We did have a good time, mostly because the guests and some staff at the resort were friendly and easy-going. We made our own vacation - played voleyball and soccer, partied at the bars, just socialized at the lobby. Many kids from all over, so they were happy. So, if you wonder why a 4.5-5* hotel is in the same price category as 3*, that's because it is a 3*.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>hotmack
<Content>Overrated I must agree with people that rate this hotel 3* or less. Travel brochures and agents promoting this resort must seriously reassess their rating system, or customers will stop trusting them.Beach area is not cleaned regularly. Pads on loungers are faded, ripped and smelly. There's strong winds quite often, causing high surf. Surprising that there's nobody to supervise the beach.Lagoon inside the resort is full of algae and dead fish, smelly and debree is not removed there for days.Our room was clean, but many people complained about the condition of their rooms. They don't change bedsheets regularly and rooms often not cleaned till late afternoon. But don't blame the maid - there's only one maid per building - 32 rooms! It was kind of funny to see her dumping linens and towels from 3rd floor to the ground because the elevator wasn't working. Go figure.Kids club is OK, but it runs only from 10-12 and 3-5.Food in this place is definitely the worst we experienced in last 5 years(we go to AI's twice a year, sometimes to 3.5 star). After first week, we stuck to pancakes and fruits.Some people might say that this is a 3rd world country, blablabla, but we went to different resorts in DR with lesser ratings and they were far superior to Sirenis. This hotel is grossly mismanaged, and they try to cut corners everywhere you look. I am not going to say we did not have a good time. The weather was great. We partied with other guests and had a blast. The little things everybody had to deal with everyday became anecdotal and bonded many different tourists - French, English, Canadians and Germans. With a right company and good weather a shack on the beach would do. Neither us, nor the majority of people we spoke to, will return to Sirenis.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not impressed this hotel is NOT a 5* hotel, more like a 3* on a good day.the rooms smelt of mould, damp and stale urine. we had to move from our orignail room due to this disgusting smell as well as other problems. We complained about the room on arrival, and over the next 2 days we were shown 6 different rooms, all in poor condition (bathroom ceiling hanging down, water coming through the ceilings, tiles coming off the walls, enamel missing from the bath, the shower pole falling off, to name just a few). definatly not up to 5* standard.the mattresses on the sunloungers were in poor condition, mildew stains and torn.the food was very repetitive and boring. no Domincan dishes. the food and service in the 'a la carte' was of poor standard and most of the dishes were available in the main buffet.the main buffet was too hot to sit and relax over your meal. they need to put in air conditioning.i would not recommend this hotel to anyone who wants 5* standards and service. there are other hotels on the island which deliver quality at the expected standards.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>you get what you put in Got back last week from th DR and the Sirenis Cocotal. I went with a good friend of mine looking for some sun, surf and relaxation. We got pretty much what we were expecting. The rooms were ok, nice from the surface but a bit under-par if you look close up. but they were air conditioned and relatively clean. The food was ok, nothing to write home about but about what you would expect at a carribean all-inclusive. the mexican and steak house were good depending on what you ordered. the beach and pool were great. our greatest surprise was that we were actually on the atlantic side and so the ocean was a little rough (which I liked) but not the turquoise clear waters we were expecting. basically this place is north of punta cana and therefore not on the carribean side. but that said it was still a clean, large beach that was pretty beautiful. the pool was big and clean and we had no trouble getting a chair and even a small cabana when we wanted to. the weather was great- around 28-30 degrees everyday. it got cloudy/rainy around 5ish but was great otherwise. the entertainment is pretty cheesey but the staff try their best to keep you laughing and involved. in general it was the friendly staff and relaxing atmosphere that made this trip great. we did the bavaro runners day tour- which gave us some real insight into real life in the DR. One other quick thing don't plan on leaving the resort- mostly b/c the only way out is via an organized tour- there are no stores, restaurants or really anything to go to outside of the resort. this was a little disappointing. so in general would i go back- no- but would i recommend going once-definitely. just don;t have super high expectations. but if you get a good deal- you shouldn't be disappointed. enjoy!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed Review...... First, I ended up going to Sirenis because Apple Vacations messed up my plans to go to Sunscape Tulum in Cancun, Mexico. If going on a trip. I would not use Apple Vacations ever again. First negative, the transfer taxi from airport to hotel was not included. $60 to, $50 back US. After paying $1300 plus for the package you would think transfers would be included. First interesting observation, speedometer in taxi did not work, and roads were in terrible condition. Many potholes. Red light was not followed by anyone. Get to hotel, first positive, the reception desk person knew who I was, and was expecting me. Second negative, the room did smell a little musty, but that went away as I spent some time there. Then the air conditioner went off. Two maintenance workers spent 45 plus minutes and got it working...second Positive. Third negative... they had a board with activities...but it did not tell you where the activities were. I think they would be better off have a printout and giving it to people at check out the point out where things are. Fourth negative....Monday night football was on a small t.v. in the sports bar...which closed at 11 pm. That's 10 p.m. US...so I only got to watch first half before I went back to my room to watch the rest. I was suppose to be in Cancun watching the game on a big screen on the beach...so this was a major disappointment to Sirenis and Apple Vacations at this moment. Then another negative would be that my printout said all meals and drinks were inclusive, but when I got to disco, they told me I had to pay. When I took it up with Management of the Hotel and showed them the printout...of their hotel, they told me it was wrong and there was nothing they could do. I felt this was a major no no for customer service. They could have accommodated me if they do chose to. Now, I know that I have been giving a lot of negatives. But after I say the food was okay...nothing to say wow about. Had better food on a cruise I went on a few years back...the major wow is the entertainment staff. All the young men and women who did contests and aerobics and entertainment in the evening. They were fun, funny, went out of their way to involve guests, danced, joked, entertained, dressed in different outfits....spoke many languages to accommodate the varied guests......THEY WERE ABSOLUTELY AWESOME. If you go to Sirenis...see the shows...The dancers and such. How I would finalize my review...If you want a secluded place to relax, with a nice beach and pool area, with a casino, activities for the kids, with some contests and entertainment, with okay food. I recommend this resort highly. If your standards are higher than what I have provided...go elsewhere, you will be disappointed. If you go there....I took the Jurrasic Tour...Alex was great on the tour...It was a relaxing tour also. I didn't do most of the activities...but I thought the visit to the school and the beautiful scenery was worth the $80 fee. IF you like to work out...don't expect and LA Fitness gym...Their are a few run down machines, and some free weights. That's all for now....take care have fun.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Wolfsgal
<Content>Where Dreams are made       Coco Loco, Have one if you go.. YUMMMM  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Totally acceptable but.................... My daughter and I always go away for a week in October. This year it happened to be the same resort we visited last year, which tells you we didnt hate it...but theres many places where it can be improved.The main buffet is ok, just like all the other resorts Ive been to in the Dominican. (can't go wrong with plain pasta especially when you take your own parmesan from home) HOWEVER.........they have to air condition their main buffet, it's disgustingly hot even for dinner and makes sitting there very unpleasant.If you want to purchase anything from the beach vendors visit the last hut...I forget the name of it, but you have to go past all the ones at the beginning and you cant miss the right one, the woman has a little chihuahua and gave birth to 3 little puppies while we were there. She gives the best prices nd they arent at all pushy but you have to get past ll the other pushy vendors to get their, unless you walk along the beach to void them.The rooms are clean, the pool is very clean, the centre pond you have to walk past to get to the buffet really stinks and smells of dead fish.It wouldnt be my favorite place to return to, but if the price is right, Id return.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Loved Loved it !!! What can i say i loved my holiday!!! We flew out on 17th october and stayed a week, i've previously been here in 2001 and enjoyed t so much i decided to go out again for my 21st birthday with a friend, and lets just put it like this we arrived back in gatwick on tuesday and on thursday i was back in the travel agent booking again. I love the island, the people, the resort. Ok so you travel an hour and half to get to the resort from the airport, but its a great excuse to see how the people live and its some of the most breath taking views i've ever seen. The staff made my holiday to be honest, my birthday was one of the best ever, the hotel arranged a cake and the staff sang, all at no extra cost and i felt like the hotel really go out of their way to make your holiday special, cause in all honesty they didn't have to do what they did. There is also a professional photographer arnaldo, he came round on my birthday, with everyone, and the photo's are great and they were a good price. and your not under any obligation to buy them if you don't want to. All the bars in the hotel, have a good selection of beverages, theres a cocktail list which can come in handy if there is any kind of language barriers (but in all honesty i never found any difficulties communicating with the staff, all spoke a basic level of english) Drinks are constantly flowing, which is definitely a good thing on your 21st. Rooms are of good standard, not that we spent a large amount of time in there. I did find that on most days the maid was cleaning are floor from about 9 o clock, so we didn't have any troubles with returning in the evening to find the room un-done. Swimming pool is amazing, its so big. with TWO swim up bars .... can't go wrong. I'd definitely recommend doing a day trip, we did the outback safari and the monster truck. Our rep Gillian, was in the hotel most days, she went through all the trips with us, which was nice because we didn't really have a clue which one was which and what you would be doing on all the different ones. She was a great help, and really was easy to approach. The entertainment staff are amazing, and some of the shows on the evening were great, the michael jackson evening, the evening with the couples from around the world having to do the most funniest things with ballons and water. The staff always said hello and asked how we was, really went out of there way to get to know the customers. spent time making sure everyone was ok, and every morning tried their hardest to get all us lazy sun worshipers to go and do the morning exercises, and did they???....... course not!!!I could rave about the holiday all night, if your considering on visiting the dominican definitely look into the sirenis. because if you do visit and your anything like me, you'll never want to come home.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Average Food poor, staff average, rooms pretty clean not to my standard, entertainment poor, after coming back from the beach about 5-6 oclock rooms still not made up and had to wait forever for towels. Mosquitos were terrible we spent over 拢150 at the resort doctors they were terrible. Not gratelly impressed would certainly not class this as a 5* hotel possibly 3*, 4* at a push.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Frozen in Time First impressions are great. The resort looks fantastic and the staff are very friendly, and really make an effort to look after you.The bars serve a wide range of cocktails, which are all pretty good (although the Coco Loco is amazing!).The pool is large and clean with a wide variety of depths.The beach is fine. There was never a problem getting a sun lounger or a beach shelter, although this was probably due to the time of year. I could see it being a problem in high season.The gym is OK but features, as they put it themselves, 'last generation' equipment. It's not air conditioned though so going first thing in the morning is recommended.The rooms are spacious and clean. The TV has a wide range of channels to choose from.The casino is OK. Blackjack was fun. Do not play the carribbean poker! There is no skill involved and you only get paid 25-1 if you do get a full house (and beat the dealer). (The actual odds of getting a full house are over 4,000-1!!!).The food was disappointing and unimaginative. Some dishes were prepared with fresh vegtables, but many used tinned produce. There was little variety in the buffet and the food in the a-la-carte restaurants was uninspired. It's obviously difficult for the kitchens as they must work to very strict budgets, but I'm sure it could do so much better. The most disappointing thing about the food was that there was nothing Dominican on the menu. I find this disgraceful. I don't really feel like I've been on holiday, or to another country unless I've eaten their food. What makes this worse is that traditional Dominican food mainly consists of rice and beans, so would probably have saved the hotel money! The best meal I had was in a restaurant called 'Sky' which was situated in the plaza about 20 minutes walk from the hotel. I had the fish soup, which could have fed three and was very tasty - much better than anything in the hotel. It was a shame I only discovered this place at the end of the holiday. Oh well.Whilst the resort itself was nice enough, the biggest problem is that it is in the middle of nowhere. There isn't really anywhere to go for a stroll. No shops to go and visit (at least none that don't sell the same tourist tat that you see everywhere, at hugely inflated prices). Very few restaurants. No parks. No cafes. Nothing.If you are going to this resort I highly recommend taking a LOT of books. I also recommend going on some of the excursions. We went on two. The first excursion was to Santa Domingo. This was interesting. You get to eat at a typical Dominican restaurant and watch some proper merengue dancing. You also get a tour of the cathedral and other notable landmarks. The guide was excellent; very knowledgeable and passionate. He gave an insight into the history and culture of the RD, which you don't get if you stay in the resort. There was the chance to do a bit of shopping (the rum here was less than half the price you pay at the hotel). The only drawback to this trip is the 3.5 hours travel time, each way.The second excursion was to the island of Saona. This was like a dream. A 40 minute speedboat ride to the island (very fast and quite scary), with a stop-off at a sandback in the middle of the carribbean sea for a spot of swimming and rum and cokes. We then spent three hours on this idyllic island and had a BBQ and buffet (very good), with more rum and cokes. The journey back was spent lying on the netting of a catamaran soaking up the rays and drinking more rum and cokes. Absolutely brilliant.One minor note about the excursions is that you will spend about 50 minutes each way driving very, very slowly down the deeply rutted, pot-holed track/road that is the only way in and out from the hotel. I don't know how the drivers do it - it drove me mad.Speaking of Dominican drivers. They are crazy. On the Santa Domingo trip I actually thought we were going to crash twice (I had adopted the brace position on both occasions). If you are a nervous driver / passenger you will not like the Dominican roads.In summary, I did enjoy this holiday, but I wouldn't go back. The main reason for this is the remoteness of the resort, as you couldn't really go anywhere else or do anything else. However, if you just want sun, sand, good facilities, friendly staff, great drinks, and food, which though boring, won't give you the runs, then this is the place for you.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing vacation What a trip! I have read many of the reviews people wrote on here and found that many of the negative responses were incorrect, in my opinion. The food was amazing! Yes there are similar things every meal but for simple people like my fiance, they like the consistancy of familiar things. Every meal though, most of the meat, salads, veggies and deserts changed. We explored the Chinese and Mexican restaurants. Not a big hit. Good food, but we enjoyed the selection of the buffet more. The wait staff was good, not great, but is it ever great at a buffet? :)The place was amazingly tidy. There were always staff cleaning up the grounds and the main hotel. The wait staff in the hotel loby, for drinks, was incredable. You were never seen without a drink in your hand. The bathrooms were amazingly tidy as well.The staff is sooooo friendly. The entertainment staff, who ran all the entertainment in the day, were so facinating to watch. They were so funny! You can tell that the hotel management treats their staff well. All of the employees had smiles on their faces, all the time, singing and always saying Hola first. For me, that made my vacation. I'm a people person.A note though, all their floors can get very slippery when wet. It rained a couple of days while we were there and I must have fallen 5 times on my butt. Ouch! There lounge chairs in the main lobby are sooo comfy. I never wanted to get out of them. There were amazing musical artists performing in the main lobby as well.The pool was great! Clean! The bar staff at the pool were great. The only thing that ----- though is that the pool closes at 6:00pm for cleaning.Shopping was fun, but a note to all... The venders that come to the hotel one night a week and the shops on the grounds are way!!!!!! toooo expensive. There are some shops down both sides of the beach where you can bargin for some great deals. Our favourite, and we are making sure everyone knows, is Teresa. She is the last vender on the right side of the beach... past all the venders, walk a little farther and you will see a sign saying gift shop. She is awesome! Her prices are amazing. $8 US for a 26oz of rum. You will know it is her because she has a tiny black Chiwahwah named Cutie. Make note... there is only 1 bank machine in the resort and it only gives out pesos. It was out of money while were were there, so my fiance walked 20 minutes to the nearest bank, outside the resort.The photographer at the resort is amazing. We had a private session with him for 1 hour. He took 120 pictures of us all over the resort. We bought the CD of all the pictures for $100 US. The pics are to die for.The beach is a beach. What can I say except watch for the sand fleas. But that is everywhere you go. I highly recommend the horseback riding along the beach. Use the guy just off the resort on the left. It costs $25 US per person for 1.5 hours. They take your through a small town and along the beach. It was amazing!Don't forget, put aside $20 US or 700 Pesos per person for your departure tax for the airport in DR.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TravellingTracy
<Content>O.K Resort I had stayed at the Sirenis Cocotal Beach Resort from Sep 30th to Oct 3rd. I had booked my vacation thru Vacation Express and although our plane was delayed 5 hours due to the airline company they used, TransMeridian Airlines, went bankrupt our small 3 night vacation was cut short. We had arrived at the resort at 10 p.m. that night and was greeted by the bellman. Checking in was quick and a lady brought over a welcome drink for us which was very nice. So after getting our room and luggage we were just so tired we went to bed. The next morning we woke up to a beautiful day. I was very excited to see the rest of the resort. I did a good inspection of our room. We were in Block B on the 3rd floor. The room itself was nicer than what I expected. The air conditioning didn't work very well but I believe it was because we had a cathedral ceiling and it was harder for it to cool the room. But we dealt with it. The beds were comfortable and there was a table and 2 chairs. The balconies are a nice size with another small table and 2 chairs. The t.v had alot of stations on it. The bathroom was a decent size. It had a hairdryer and the regular toiletries. If you use wash clothes you need to bring those because they didn't have any. They provided shampoo, liquid soap, and a small bar of soap. There are no alarm clocks in the room so you may want to bring one with you. There is a clock on the t.v but if you are a heavy sleeper then you will need an alarm clock. Also for the Americans, you will need adapters if you want to plug anything up. There is a mini-bar in the room stocked with Coke, Sprite, and Bottled Water that gets restocked everyday. There is 1 small elevator in each building but we never used it since the walk upstairs wasn't long. Now onto the restaurants. I only ate at the buffets so I can't give a review on the al la carte restaurants. The buffets were pretty good. I always found something I liked. Breakfast was my favorite. Lunch was a little aggravating. The food part was fine but we had the worst time getting someone to get us a drink. There's just so many people in there at one time I guess it's hard to get to everyone. So overall dining was just fine. O.k. now the pool. It is huge! If you are a pool person you will love it. Some parts are deep and other is regular. There are 2 infants pools for the families. I didn't use the pool but everyone seemed to love it. Now the beach. The beach is huge also and it is very beautiful. The sand is a light golden color and the water is a contrast of blue and green. While we were there there was plenty of lounge chairs. You'll probably have to get up early if you want a umbrella. I personally don't like the umbrellas. I love to be in the sun!! Alot of people were snorkelling so I guess the snorkelling was pretty good. We had seen a barracuda swimming above water and that was pretty cool. Now, for the Americans that go there and are not used to the topless bathing there is a whole lot of it. I was very surprised how confident the European women are with their bodies. It made be envious but there was no way I was going to show my ta-ta's. It's at the beach and the pool so be ready. (Apparently its this way all thru Punta Cana so it's not just this resort). Anyway, overall I had a decent trip. I would go back. I got a absolutely great price on this trip and I looked around and the Sirenis usually prices very well. Next time I will make my trip longer and go on a few tours just to experience the Dominican culture. If you have any questions feel free to email me.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing!!!!!! Must Read if u are considering       looking down the beach shoreline  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Holiday, would go back We went on a two week holiday to Sirenis Cocotal. We flew from Dublin via Paris which we would never do again, our advise is to fly direct if possible. But despite our long journey we were very pleased with the reception we got when we arrived. The bus trip from airport was about an hour and a half but we had a private air conditioned mini bus and it was quite comfortable.Our room was clean, air conditioned and overall we were happy with it. The only draw back was that it was across from the main entertainment i.e outdoor stage were shows were held every night, casino  nite club. So it was fairly noisey until about 2am every night. This didn't really bother us as we were normally out and about until this time anyway. It was cleaned most days and we were supplied with fresh towels and sheets, and our mini bar was re-stocked on a regular basis.I had no complaints about the food at all. There was a good selection in the main buffet and we ate there most evenings and every morning. We tried out the Mexican  Italian which were great, I'm a big pizza fan and I have to say they're pissa's were excellant. My advise is to book a few of the different restaurants, you have to queue up on the morning to reserve a table but its worth it. We had our lunch most days at the poolside bar, I found between 1 and 2 really busy so we normally went before or after these times.The entertainment was really good both at night and during the day. During the day the staff try to get you involved in poolside games etc., at first they seem really pushy but if you say no they'll soon get the message. If you don't like lazing around there is always something to do. I'd highly recommend a massage, it costs from $25 for a half hour and well worth it.The only few things I didn't like was that there were children (sorry we've no kids yet), the sand wasn't really white and the water wasn't as clear as we expected. Our advise is not to go the shops on the beach. The guys are extremely pushy and forward, if you even look at something in the shop the immediately start to put it into a bag for you to buy, I got really uneasy and scared when we went to have a look. The shops within the complex are very expensive. We went looking for a few souviners one day, so we picked up some ashtryas, fridge magnets etc..... it came to $160, needless to say we put them back. Another day I bought a packet of MM's and a tub of peanuts, it cost $16.00!! So shopping is a no no!!!Overall I would recommend this hotel if you want a really relaxing, lazy holiday because you are mile from anywhere and the trips were expensive.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Read this! The truth-       from our balcony  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Gross, smelly, dirty The other places we have been to: El Senador - Cuba and Rui Palace - MexicoI am not going to write a review but just post part of the letter of complaint that I sent to Sunquest and iTravle2000.I did receive word back from Sunquest and they said that I should have had my Sunquest Rep address my concerns to my satisfaction. Unfortunately we forgot our battery charger for our digital camera or else I would post pictures to go with this. Believe me it was gross.I recently purchased an all-inclusive vacation package with you for my husband and myself on May 9th that included a 1-week occupancy at what your company advertises as a 4.5 star resort and what Sunquest advertises as a 4+. This resort was definitely not a 4+/4.5 star resort. We were there from the evening of Saturday May 28th 鈥?Saturday June 4th.Upon our arrival we were placed on the Tropical side of the resort in a problem-plagued suite. In our room:oThe air conditioners did not work. A repairman came to fix it the night we arrived but was only able to fix the air conditioner in the living area and not the bedroom. When he could not figure out if the balcony door sensors were the problem he just pulled sensors out and left the wires dangling.oThere was water dripping from the light fixture in the hall between the bedroom and the bathroom.oThere was no knob on the thermostat in the living area and the one in the bedroom didn鈥檛 work whatsoever.oThere was no doorknob on the door going from the living room to the balcony. oThe chain lock was broken in our room.oWe were surprised to find that there were door signs for maid service as we did not notice any in our complex but saw one in the courtesy room. The maid had walked into our room on several occasions because of this.oThe furniture had deep gouges in the wood. oThe bed sheets had various stains and so did the towels. In fact, in one particular incident, the maid had changed the sheets and gave us fresh towels, only for me to find hairs in my new 鈥渃lean鈥?sheets and make-up on the towels (mascara). oThe shower curtain was missing rings and was doubled up in 2 places. oThe toilet had to be flushed 2-3 times to clear the bowl. oThere were tiles missing on the wall by the front door and various chips on the tiles in the living area. oThe bed was strangely soft on the sides and hard in the center. oThere was water damage on the ceiling in our room and the paint was peeling/flaking off.My husband called the front desk with regards to the air conditioner and they sent someone to our room about 15 minutes later. While we were waiting my husband went to the front desk to request a room change and we were offered a room on the Cocotal side, which we were fine with taking. My husband came back to the room to inform me and we locked everything up (as I had noticed that after the repair guy left, my watch was missing from the dresser) to go to the front desk and get the new room key. When we got there the lady my husband had spoken to was no longer there and the man at the desk said that the resort was fully booked and had no available rooms. The resort was clearly not at full capacity. When I tried to explain about the water coming from the light fixture he told me there was nothing wrong with it and that it was totally safe and fine, and that maintenance would be by our room at 8:30 the next morning. On further persistence we were told that housekeeping would be sent to put towels on the floor to absorb the water, housekeeping never came. The next morning we stayed in our room until 9:00 when we had to leave for orientation and no one from maintenance had come. We spoke to front desk to remind them, but don鈥檛 believe it was ever fixed as we occasionally had water dripping throughout the duration of our trip. The next day we requested a room change again and were told that there was nothing available, even though we knew a flight had left.In the resort:oThe center water feature was disgusting with 2-3 inches of algae and was full of snails with the fish. On many days the smell was disgusting. oBeach towels had stains and holes in themoThey claimed that the pool closed every night at 6pm for cleaning and because there was no lifeguard. But the 鈥淣o lifeguard on duty鈥?sign was up all day, everyday that we were there. oThe pool didn鈥檛 seemed to be cleaned at all during our stay as you would see straws in the pool or washed up on the side of the pool in the mornings. There was always sand in the pool.oThere was mould all around the swim up bar and gum stuck under the ledge.oThe water level in the pool became lower and lower everyday during our stay.oThere were blue pool tiles loose and people had placed them at the side of the pool.oThe walkway from the residential complex鈥檚 to the main building was dirty.oThere were only 2 showers by the pool area and I didn鈥檛 even notice them until Wednesday. We would wash our feet at one of the 5 pipes.oThere was garbage, cups, straws and water bottles left by the beach lounge chairs.oThe fabrics on the lounge chair cushions were coming off and on some chairs it was the bare foam on the chair.oThere were birds that came into the main buffet area and sat on chairs and ate directly from the buffets. I stood there in shocked amazement as I saw a bird eating a green-filled Danish of some sort and none of the staff seemed to care.oThe resort ran on the same electrical current as we do in Canada but had different outlets in the rooms. The room fridge and other outlets at the bar had the Canadian style outlet. They sold adapters in the resort if you needed.oThere was no shelter from the rain once you left the residential complexes and no umbrella鈥檚 either. We arrived at our al-a-carte wet from the rain and no one bothered to offer us a towel or even a napkin to dry off.oOur Sunquest Rep Andre said that the pool closed at 7pm when it closed at 6pm. oHe also said that we could book one al-a-carte for the current day and one ahead of time. When we tried to do this after orientation, Sidney at the reservation desk said that this was not true and asked if Andre had told me that. We accepted this but heard from other people that they were able to book in advance and when we tried to book for Friday on Wednesday we found that all the A-la-carte were fully booked.Everyday was a struggle for service:oIn the main buffet I found it to be a chore to get someone to stop at our table with water and ten times more difficult to get him or her to bring a beverage of any sort after we were finally given water. On two separate occasions I had to speak to who a man I assumed was the manager as he was standing to the side in a tie. oThis was the same scene in the poolside restaurant. One day I sat there for 15 minutes after I was already finished eating, waiting on an iced tea. I refused to leave or have my husband get the drink as, I was told by someone in a red vest that a waiter would bring one right over.oAt dinner in the main buffet I had a chip in my glass and flagged down a waiter to try and have it switched. The waiter acknowledged me and held up a finger indicating 1 minute. He was setting a table at the time so I was fine with waiting and resumed eating. The waiter never came. By the time he set his fourth table the same 鈥渕anager鈥?walked by and he had someone else switch my glass.oWhen we were dining at the Mexican A-la-carte we eventually left as no one came back with our dessert. oWhen you did go to get your drink your self the bartenders didn鈥檛 necessarily serve the person who was there first. On several occasions I told them that someone was there before me and had times when they served someone who walked up after me.oPool bar service was the only thing that was good. A lady by the name of Fior was there in the evenings and was always very nice and courteous but her replacement was very rude and rolled her eyes at my husband and muttered under her breath when she gave him the wrong drink. She was the one who messed up the order! If Fior and the guys at the lobby bar could get the drink order straight, then I do not think it was too difficult a task.We don鈥檛 have many complaints about the food; after all we were in an all-inclusive. My main complaint would be the cleanliness of the restaurants and the quality of the food.oAt the pay restaurant I ordered the beef and potatoes. I couldn鈥檛 even chew the beef and I got only half a potato.oAs for the 24-hour snacks it was fruit and cold cuts, there was no hot food. Our Sunquest rep warned us on the bus that is was not going to be the greatest spread and he was right.oThe food was not labelled at the lunch/poolside restaurant, so mystery meat was on the menu every day, not to mention possible allergic complications.oI was concerned about holding temperatures because they had a microwave for you to warm up your food. My husband is currently sick.The shows were ok. People actually got up and left from Grease and the Michael Jackson show, which made me, feel bad for the performers.In the nightly shows:oThe chairs were too tightly pack and there was not much room to move in between the rows.oThere were no fans in the show area and it gets very hot.oThe children spilt drinks on the floor and no one came to clean it up. This happened almost every night as the same group of children were always running around.oAs a suggestion - the performers should try and learn to lip sync the words to the songs to make it less comical. Also they seemed to forget to sing sometimes when they were dancing.Our Sunquest rep:oWe were told to take our own bags to the room and not let the bellboys take our bags.oAndre forgot that he told us that it was the bus driver鈥檚 birthday on the way in and for us to give him a tip if we liked and repeated the same story on the way to the airport, which was not met with appreciation. oThe drive from the airport took 1 鈥?1 陆 hours, contrary to what the brochure said. Our Sunquest rep brought this to our attention when we got on the bus. oKnowing this I was quite annoyed that on our way the airport we had to return to the resort to pick up passengers that missed the bus and to stop at the Sunscapes to pick up someone in need of a ride. We ended up being the last people there and despite my husband and I being first in line from our bus be were only able to sit together in row 35.We were very disappointed with the resort and by Tuesday we even contemplated going home early, but we figured we paid, so we might as well stay. Upon our return we spoke to my husband鈥檚 parents who stayed at the Baha Principe, Punta Cana the week prior to us and they said that someone had transferred to their resort from the Sirenis due the condition. We were not aware we had this option and were even further disappointed to hear this.I am not exaggerating and think that a considering it is called a 4+ it should have been nicer and the service better. If you go I hope you enjoy but don鈥檛 go expecting much. That may have been part of my problem; the reviews were all so good.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sirenis Cocotal - Would I go back......       Pure Luxury!!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than we Expected       Catamaran lesson  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than what we expected! We stayed at the Sirenis Cocotal Beach Resort from the 15th to the 29th of August 2005, and overal we would say that the trip was both relaxing and great value for money.The weather was better than what we expected, we had a couple of heavy thunder storms and apart for a couple of afternoons when it was overcast, the weather was very sunny and not as humid as we thought it would be.We were very worried before we travelled having read other reviews concerning the food and drink related stomach upsets, but 3 out of 4 of us (2 kids, 12  9) were fine. My wife did develop a stomach upset for a couple of days, but this we later put down to the coconut milk used in the pina colodas! I found out that coconut milk is a natural laxative!Overall we thought the quality of the food was above average. Bless them! They try so hard to please the American market and the only real disapointment was that we could not get to taste any of the traditional Dominican dishes that we had read about. The themed restaurants were not as good as the food you get at home, but you can forgive this as they try so hard to please. Only criticism I can throw at them is in respect of booking the themed restaurants. It is painful, you have to queue every day to book a table, and the actual process can be quite long winded. The standard buffet for lunch and dinner is acceptable, and there is something for everyone and plenty of it.The kids loved the idea of getting their own drinks, and we found the bar staff overal to be a friendly bunch. A dollar or peso here and there always worked, and having the courtesy to use a bit of Spanish is appreciated.There are plenty of watersports to be enjoyed if you want. We hardly saw the kids all day, as they were in and out of the massive pools, and taking part in the activities. What I particularly enjoyed is that if you don't want to get involved in the organised activities they will leave you alone.We did a couple of trips. We swam with sharks and stingrays $77 for adults and $39 for children, and visited Saona island $88 for adults and $44 for children. The former was a half day trip and was good fun, the latter was a full day trip including lunch and was breathtaking.Overal it was a memorable holiday.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cericdavies
<Content>A worthwhile experience!!       Reception  
<Date>Sep 4, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic!!! Cannot wait to go back!!       f104 the room we stayed in  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place to Stay My husband, my 4 years old daughter and I stayed at Sirenis Cocotal Beach and Resort for 11 days between Aug 12 - Aug 23.Sirenis Cocotal Beach and Sirenis Tropical Suite are side by side , sharing the same lobby, the a-la carte restaurants and the beach. The hotel is exteremly clean , the rooms are big anough and the staff is very friendly. If you want to tip you should tip daily because the staff is changing very often. They keep the lanscape in very good shape. They are also spraying two times a day for the mosquitos.Buffets are very good and there is plenty of food. Beach is nice but you need to reserve a bamboo umbrella before the breakfast because there is not enough especially if you have little ones. The pool is great, kids pool are excellent, nice sauna and the gym room size is big enough.It's a great place for families. They are lot's of activities that teen's can enjoy. My daughter didn't want to leave the pool and also loved the kids disco.If you haven't been Carribean before you should read about the country and its economic situation. Hotel stars are not really what you expect. You should consider to stay 4 or 5 star hotels. Road conditions, weather situations or bad flight experiences shouldn't be related to hotel review.We met a couple of British tourists who flew 12 hours and paid 10.000 pounds to come here. I am not sure whether I would do it but we went from Canada and it worth every penny. We certainly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>dirty and no valuable service We had to visit three dirty rooms and one busy one before getting our definite room. Towels were lacking and sheets were stained.The hotel is on the atlantic side, and not carribean. Tiny beach and no shade available, unless you reserve your space by putting down a towel at 7 in the morning.I didn't particularly appreciate getting into my room, and finding the roommaid trying out my night dress.Will not go back to that hotel.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>leanchick
<Content>An enjoyable time My husband and I stayed at this hotel 11th-25th April 2005. We travelled with Airtours/My Travel and I would strongly recommend upgrading to Premier Gold to avoid feeling like a tinned sardine on arrival at La Romana. We travelled from Manchester, which had picked up people from Gatwick before (many Gatwick people did not know they would have 3 hours waiting for the Manchester lot to get on). Actually I would recommend not going with mytravel at all :-). When we arrived at La Romana airport (I am informed that My Travel are the only ones who fly to this airport, most go to Punta Cana as it is closer to the majority of hotels and up to date, no screens when it comes to departing either) we were greated by a long queue of people waiting to fill in their tourists cards (Get this before and you can walk straight through). After collecting bags you go outside to attempt to find your coach, this was very difficulty as there was no-one to greet us from Airtours at the exit to tell us where to go, so I had to go round to each coach driver and ask, but the time I had found our coach a chap who though he was being helpful took our luggage and started handing to the wrong coach but it got sorted in the end. Hotel/RoomWhen we got to the Hotel, after about an hour and 20 mins on a very bumby road, we were very impressed with the look and layout of it. To be greeted with drinks on arrival was also a nice surprise. We found our room with ease and were not disappointed, The air conditioning and ceiling fan were a welcome relief to the humid heat. The only thing was a light hanging down showing wires in the bathroom but I mentioned it at reception the next day and it was sorted within the hour. Be warned, on our first night I did not realise that if you close you balcony door you cannot get back in unless someone opens it from inside the room. I had to shout from the balcony to some very kind people who were passing and they got help straightaway, although my husband and I couldn't stop laughing at my mistake. The maid cleaned our room everyday, ok maybe it was sometimes late in the afternoon, but who cares. We tipped her one day and she created a beautiful swan from a towel placing flowers around it. Food:We only went to the Steak House (mixed grill - very good) and Chinese (asked for 2 servings as had a taste for sweet and sour pork (very nice) and chicken chow mein (ok). The reason I only booked 2 resturants was the chap at the reservations desk was so slimmy it made you feel sick, a view held by a few people who decided to stick to the buffet. The buffet was fantastic the first week but the second seemed to go downhill, there was always something to eat for me but my husband often ate a big lunch at the resturant by the pool as he did not like the food in the main buffet. Entertainment:Very difficult to know where things are happening during the day and during the night they are just too cheesy, although my husband liked the ladies with skimpy clothes on during the magic show. The rep:Simon was hopeless, at the end we had a 9 hour flight delay and he knew nothing, he advertised going home by premier then when you tried to book it he said he was over subcribe...then why offer it???? We asked him the same question a couple of times but never got an answer so it was easier to find out ourselves. The weatherBit rubbish somedays with pouring rain, but bright and sunny other times. TripsWe went to Saona Island and it was fantastic, we went over via speedboat had three hours on a gorge beach, a yummy BBQ and then a nice trip back on a cat. Great weather too especially as it was pouring with rain back at the hotel. Watersports:Had a go at the kayaking it was fantastic fun, although my husband and a friend of ours both got struck by a sea urchin! ouch OverallI am a great believer in, you get out of a holiday what you put into it and I did the same with this holiday, ok the entertainment may be rubbish and the disco a rip at $5 a beer but overall I had a great time. I met loads of nice people, the hotel pool and surroundings are fantastic. Even though I would not go back to Dominican Republic (only due to unpredictable weather) if I did I would go back to this hotel. Some people may love it some may hate it, but at the end of the day you are on holiday and there isn't anything that I could see which would ruin your holiday. Be careful when you walk along the beach the guys selling stuff pester you to go in there store, keep away from the store just before the last as there is a chap there who is very pushy and very agressive if you do not buy something.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>paradise ! We went with high expectations and were very impressed,my wife loved it and my 2 yr old had the time of her life .The food is excellent the place beautifull and the staff super friendly (knowing a little spanish will help as the staff will be able to have a friendly chat with you).Entertainment is almost professional stuff with dancers that move magically and interact with the audience.Make sure you take the tours available as they are great...manati park ,quad biking, speed boats,jungle trucks and if you have the nerve helicopter tour.Prices are well cheap and worth it when you compare to other destinations.The place is heavenly so be prepared to relax as the word stress is non existant there.Music is there life so take a chance and try some of there dance lessons by the pool,you will be able to look good in the disco in the evening.When you leave the hotel on tours make sure you take sweets,colour pencils or small booklets for the kids outside as money given to them is usually spent by the parents on booze.overall an excellent place will return one day.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>palmplace
<Content>Sirenis Photos       One of the pools  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LOVELY PLACE, BUT VERY REMOTE A beautiful hotel complex in a very remote part of Dominican republic. A beautiful beach, with lots of water sports on offer, but to be honest, if you are wanting to see more of the Dominican Republic this is not the place to stay. Its is in a beautiful location, great rooms, clean, tidy, up to standard, and worth every penny paid, but it is very remote. We went for three weeks and to be honest its the kind of place that 10 days max would be great, but three weeks was too long with nothing to do. I recommend booking all the restaurants in the resort on the complex asap as the buffet dining area is pretty sub standard. Nice and clean sort of surrounding buts food very very average. The food at the restaurants on site is much better and worth queueing for every morning at 9 to book a different one very night. I would say 3+ star accommodation, as our brochure indicated, clean, tidy, helpful staff, but they dont smile much. Beautiful beach, beautiful location, but very very little to do beyond your immediate hotel resort. Too remote to get out and enjoy the dominican republic to the full, but if youre looking for a short relaxing easy going, stay, this is the place. Please feel free to e mail me for further details if possible. I reccommend connecting to the website for this property and sending them an e mail ahead of your arrival asking if there is any chance of booking a room in one of the blocks closest to the beach, as its well worth it. If youre in one of the blocks at the back your view is pretty dull, but if youre in one of the front blocks near the beach its amazing and well worth the pre contact e mail for the effort.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>willis1973
<Content>Great Holiday, but wouldn't go back My husband and I travelled with our three year old daughter to the Sirenis Cocotal Hotel (SCH) in the Dominican Republic in October 2004 on an all inclusive basis for two weeks. The flight was very good we paid for the upgrade offered by My Travel (well worth it with a small child).When we arrived at the airport, boy were we glad we had already purchased the visa's required from the DR embassey in London before we travelled. About three planes had arrived at once and everybody was frantically filling in the visa's whilst standing in a very long queue. We simply waved to one of the security staff that we had already got our visas and we were quickly ushered through passport control, like VIP's. If you remember to do one thing before you travel there - GET A VISA, it will save you alot of time!The ride to the resort - approx 1 and half hours, is like everybody seems to write, really bumpy!. One thing I noticed more though was the absolute poverty that exists in that country. As the bus drove through the town small children would hold out their hands begging, it was quite disturbing, if coming close to seeing children begging in the street and living in poverty is upsetting for you, do not go to the Dominican. Another quite annoying part of the trip, was our rep, who handed out yet more paperwork to be filled in en-route. Apparently it was required by the hotel, but writing on a bumpy bus, in the dark was not easy. It would be better if these forms could have been filled out on the plane!When you arrive at the hotel in the dark, it is very impressive, all lit up, it was beautiful. We were ushered to the reception desk and offered a cold drink, a welcome relief!. Checking in was slow but it gave us chance to look around reception (huge) to see what was going on.We were given our keys and told our bags would be brought to our room for us, they arrived very quickly and we tipped the bell boy. Our room was pleasant but had no view whatsoever. We decided to go to bed and ask for an upgrade the next day. We headed for breakfast the next morning after a very comfortable sleep, and then went to see the manager who showed us two different rooms. We plumped for one with a sea view, overlooking the main pool. It was beautiful. The room was clean, no bugs, which let me say for me personally was a major plus, the fridge was well stocked and the bathroom bright and again very clean.Once we had settled in, we went to the towel hut, situated near the main pool. Whatever you do, dont take beach towels to this hotel, for a small deposit you can have their own beach towels, which are large, and you can change them however many times you want.The pool is amazing, it virtually winds round the whole hotel, its huge. We found it especially good for our young daughter as it stays shallow for a considerable part. It is also very clean.The food at the hotel is very good, there is a daily varity but this is quite repetitive over a two week period. Make sure your not last for breakfast, burnt bacon remains are not nice! I have two main food tips, eat lunch at the poolside restaurant not in the hotel, its home from home food, and try the pasta for dinner, the chef makes it to order with any ingredients you like - yum!The beach is superb, clean and spacious. The only fault really is that the two security guards posted at either end of the private beach, reminds you that danger exists beyond that boundary. There are beach traders and all I would say is barter! they will not lose a sale, oh and dont buy sun lotion from them, its just old lotion left by customers of the hotel, filled with god knows what!Entertainment lets this hotel down. I would describe it best as Costa Del Caribbean, its very very spanish! and for me spanish music is why I travel for ten hours not two when I go on holiday. There were many spanish on holiday at this hotel while we were there and to be honest it seemed the entertainment was primarily aimed at them.We enjoyed our holiday I just felt a little 'enclosed' in this resort. After the rep told us that most residents on DR carry guns, it puts you off somewhat from going off the resort. The weather was wonderful for the whole two weeks. It rained at night sometimes, but I think we only lost half a day in the sun during the day for the fortnight.Another tip which we followed before we travelled there was to take a small selection of little gifts for tipping the ladies who cleaned our room. I visited the local 'pound shop' and bought a selection of lipstick, make-up brushes, nail varnish etc. we left a gift out every other day and sometimes a few dollars, this ensured our fridge was always extremely well stocked with water and other cold drinks, and more often than not she had made swan shapes out of our towels and sprinkled petals over them, a really nice touch!I would not go back to the DR mainly because of the intense 'spanish' feel and the worry of travelling outside the hotel. When I go the caribbean I like to look around the island I have travelled to and I felt we just couldnt do it there. I would go to another Sirenis hotel though, I think they are very well run.Because of the 'upgrade' we had paid for, on our departure we had access to a private lounge at the airport. This too is a must, you get free snacks, drinks and comfortable seating away from the crowds whilst you wait for your flight.Its worth travelling to this country but for me I have not found an island I will visit year after year. Spain with palm trees and warm sea I'm afraid!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BNL
<Content>Sirenis Cocotal Beach Resort was wonderful!!! Sirenis Cocotal Beach Resort was wonderful!!! After being there and remembering all the comments posted regarding the Punta Cana hotels, weather, food, mosquitoes, service, roads, currency, etc. etc. etc., I have come to the conclusion that research and planning for contingencies is beneficial up to a point. However, one should just relax, go-with-the-flow and above all enjoy the experience, even if it's different from what was expected. With this in mind, I offer the following account of our trip to the Sirenis.GETTING THERE.What to Pack/Immunizations/Transportation/Immigrations/Customs/Etc.What to pack? Remember that it鈥檚 a tropical climate and that should pretty much be your guide for what to pack in regards to clothing. Dress code at the hotel is quite casual; however, you鈥檒l see a range from dressy to shorts  tank tops. Men should probably pack a pair of long trousers for the specialty restaurants, but other than that the atmosphere is very casual. So enjoy. One note. . .shoes (at least sandals, flip flops, etc.) are required in the buffet and specialty restaurant areas; staff does enforce this rule. Pack hats, mosquito protection, medications, lots of sunscreen and whatever else you think you鈥檒l really need. Take a hand full of $1 bills for tipping (not required, but very much appreciated by the staff).Immunizations  Prevention of Stomach Discomfort: As a precaution, prior to leaving the U.S. we did get Hepatitis 鈥楢鈥?and Tetanus vaccinations (you鈥檒l need to get the Hepatitis 鈥楢鈥?vaccination at least 30 days prior to departure for protection to be effective during your stay). Also, just as a protection against stomach or intestinal discomfort, we took 3 Pepto-Bismol tablets prior to each meal. Neither one of us experienced any problems, but of course we might not have even without the Pepto-Bismol. The trip going. We booked our trip with Vacation Express through (---) (Agent: Heather-excellent travel agent). We departed out of Sanford/Orlando Int'l Airport onboard TransMeridian Airlines (chartered by Vacation Express). Our flight was delayed a couple of hours leaving Sanford due to the delay of another inbound flight (two to three flights come in to Sanford with passengers from other parts of the U.S. in order to marry up with flights to the Dominican). No big deal. Flight was pleasant and uneventful. . .two hours later we landed at the Punta Cana Int'l Airport. Very pleasant, small, tropical looking airport. The 'surprise' was paying the $10 per passenger Tourist Tax at the Immigration counter. You purchase a two part form, fill out the form and present it to the Immigration Officer who tears off the top part and gives you the bottom half to present with your passport upon departure (don't lose it or you'll pay the $10 again). Customs was a walk- through. Baggage handlers will immediately meet you at this point. We preferred to let one handle our minimal baggage ($1 per bag), even though we could have pulled them ourselves; we like to support the local economy, and hey, we're on vacation!!! The Vacation Express Representative (Aidia) met us and directed us to the waiting bus for the trip to the hotel. The bus was your typical 'island' bus, i.e., smaller than the typical U.K. or U.S. bus, however, it was clean, and air conditioned. Make sure your baggage gets put on board the bus you鈥檙e getting on; no problem, just a precaution. The trip to the Sirenis Cocotal took about an hour and a half, stopping at a couple of hotels on the way to let some passengers off. The roads are narrow, and somewhat bumpy, but overall better than expected. My wife got a little nauseous from the swaying; you might consider a motion sickness tablet if you're so inclined. The Vacation Express representative briefed us on what to expect upon arrival and provided some settling-in advice, like 'don't drink the water'. She was quite informative and helpful. THE HOTEL/ACCOMMODATIONS/POOL/BEACH/FOOD.In short, it is an absolutely beautiful hotel, and the staff is extremely helpful and courteous. (鈥楻ule of Thumb鈥? . .treat the staff the way you would want to be treated. Work on your Spanish; the staff will respond with enthusiasm and will appreciate the effort.) Upon arrival we were met in the hotel lobby by a small band playing music and a young lady serving fruit drinks during the check in process. The check in process was quick and the staff courteous. I would recommend purchasing the 鈥榢ey鈥?to the room safe ($2 per day), for stowing your travel documents, money, etc. during your stay. . .that way you don鈥檛 have to take the items with you to the beach, restaurant, etc. . . .鈥檖eace of mind鈥? A porter will escort you to your room. Our room was clean and spacious. Had a minor problem with the air conditioning, but it was attended to quickly by the maintenance staff. Overall, no complaints about the accommodations. One note: your hotel room 鈥榢ey card鈥?is also used to power up the air conditioner. Just inside the door on the wall is a slot to slide the card in and presto, you have air conditioning. Also, the sliding glass door to the patio has an electrical contact, so when the door is open the air conditioning shuts off. All this is to save energy. One last important note about the sliding glass door to the patio: it locks automatically when closed, so if your on the balcony enjoying the view make sure not to close the door entirely or that one of your roommate is inside. . .otherwise, it could make for a very long day!!! We didn鈥檛 watch television much, but they do have satellite cable with a variety of channels; reception varied depending on the channel, though. A small refrigerator was stocked daily with soft drinks and bottled water (don鈥檛 drink the water from the tap). Plenty of hot water available for bathing. Overall, the accommodations were fine. FYI, the staff lives on the hotel grounds and works about 10 days straight, then they go home for 3 days. So I would recommend tipping the room attendant daily, otherwise if you wait until you leave you might miss getting the tip to the person(s) who actually took care of cleaning your room during the stay. The pool and beach areas were clean and very beautiful. We spent 鈥榓 lot鈥?of time there and thoroughly enjoyed it. I must warn you though, 鈥榬eserving鈥?chairs is very common and can be rather frustrating when you are looking for a place to sit. . .this applies to both the pool and the beach, but especially the beach. Until a better system comes along, you鈥檒l find that if you want a nice spot under a palapa, you鈥檒l need to get there early and stake your claim. Other than this, the whole pool/beach experience was wonderful. . .especially the swim-up bars. . .nice touch. All the recreational water craft (non-motorized) are included in the package. We took part in the free Spanish lessons given by one of the staff every morning. We didn鈥檛 leave the premises during our stay, so I can鈥檛 comment on the day trips offered. Food - Very good buffet, so good that we did not partake in the specialty restaurant offerings (you鈥檙e guaranteed at least one specialty restaurant during your stay but may do more, space permitting). We especially liked the poolside buffet offered during the day. . .it was very well done and convenient. The buffet menu accommodates all tastes, i.e., European, British,  North American. Some dishes were better than others, but overall the buffets were beautifully presented and of good quality. The only negative would be the bread. . .looks great, but usually very dry. Croissants were the one exception (the French may not agree). Entertainment - The evening entertainment was enjoyable, not top-of-the-line professional, but fun anyway. We went to one show at the outdoor theater but especially enjoyed the entertainment offered in the lobby area nightly. Lobby entertainment varied nightly. The majority of the guests were from France  the U.K., with the balance made up by Canadians, Germans and Americans, followed by a sprinkling of other nationalities. We enjoy meeting people from other countries, so we were in our element. Again, you get what you give. Our experience was great.LEAVING.The sad part. Yes, all good things come to an end. Hotel check-out was painless. The bus trip to the airport, with stops at a couple of other hotels, was uneventful (again, make sure your baggage gets on the same bus you鈥檙e on). Processing at the airport was somewhat slow but went smoothly (don鈥檛 pack matches 飦?. The airport has old and new waiting area sections that are connected; one is air conditioned, the other not. Food and drink at the airport is ridiculously overpriced, so I would recommend bringing something from the hotel to tide you over. Flight back (2 hours) to Orlando was comfortable, and inbound processing at U. S. Customs was quick. Good to be home, but sad not having all our creature comforts attended to the way they were at the Sirenis. Would we recommend the Sirenis Cocotal Beach Resort? 鈥榊ou Bet!!!鈥?br/>  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You will enjoy the Sirenis Hotel I visited the Sirenis Cocotal hotel around June 28, 2005 for a seven day trip. I must admit I was worried because of the reviews, but once I got there I was relieved that i didnt have to stay at any other of the hotel we were thinking about staying at and happy to be there. When we first got there it was a beautiful resort. All of the workers appeared to be very friendly. There was one probem that I had, but you get use to it there was a long walk to my room but i was at the very last of the rooms near the pool so it wasnt horrible, but this means we were a long way away from breakfast as it was all the way on the other side. In the bedrooms they have several different channel in English Spanish French and German. One problem with the room was that you couldnt turn on the fan without turning on the lights there might have been a solution to this problem, but we could not communicate with our bellboy and just decided to give up. If you plan on getting reservations to a restaraunt do it as soon as you get there they are open form i think 8 to 12 and 4 to 6 to make reservations because otherwise you will be stuck with buffet which is not bad, but you really have to get use to it and if you could get a restaraunt you would prefer it. The Mexican was the best to me even though i didnt go to every restaraunt. The drinks were pretty good but i would not know what the aloholic drinks taste like consdering i am underage. Last but not least the shows were great they really put an effort to them and after the show you can go to a disco but out of the 2 days i went it was dead. I would go back again in an instant. By the way there were 3 days were a bird was flying around in what might be considered the main dining room and yes it did actually eat from the fruit bowls but the people who work there try to keep it out of the way so it wont interfere with your dining pleasure.I would definitely reccomend this hotel because i had a nice time the people put an effort into what they did and were very friendly always saying hello and had a smile when under most circumstances where i am from with what they have to do people would have the worst additude.Oh and please dont be upset with people for not understanding you or get mad because they still wont be able to understand, and be generous with tips Dominican Republic is a poor country so thats really why the maids expect a tip. oh sorry this was so long but those who have little children and arent use to topless sunbathers this is not the vacation for you.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>More like Butlins I stayed at Sirenis Cocotal Beach resort for 2 weeks with my boyfriend,and like most people was starting to panic before going after reading so many awful reviews, to be honest I nearly cancelled and changed hotel at last minute but we finally decided to see for ourselves. I am really glad we did as we would never have known and to be honest when looking at the reviews of other hotels Airtours offered in the DM they all had lots of negative comments!The journey from the airport to the resort took over 2hrs which was abit of a surprise as that wasnt stated in the brochure, yes it is very bumpy and the coach was old and abit shabby but on arriving at the hotel our first impressions were good. We were met with glasses of fruit punch whilst our cases were unloaded. Check in was quick and before we knew it we were in our room, we stayed in Block I by the pool/beach...all i will say for anyone wanting a beach view, with this hotel its not really a great view ,we had the back of the pool restaurant infront of us but on the other hand we never sat on the balcony so that was ok!We heard so many complaints from people about their rooms, our room was fine, not like i would expect from a so called 5 Star but it was clean and nice and big. The maids service was hit and miss, we often found ourselves without water in the fridge and towells not being replaced but no big deal really. Whilst I was there there was no smells of dampness in the room and the pools didnt smell either, I read alot of people complaining about that.The pool is really huge, make sure to get up and put a towell down before breakfast on a sunbed with an umbrella or u wont get one,and belive me when the sun is out the heat is piercing. The beach is much easier to sunbathe on as the breeze is lovely. The pool was clean but I am afraid the cushions on the sunbeds were really dirty, I couldnt bring myself to lie on them. They really need cleaning/replacing as they let the pool down I think.The beach is a lovely golden colour,the sea isnt very clear but its was quite windy whilst we were there. We were told by the Airtours Rep not to walk along the beach outside the hotel, we didnt for the 1st wk but then after speaking to lots of people who did every day go for walks along the beach we decided to also, it was the best thing we did, you come across hotels along the way and everynow and then we crossed other couples strolling along,was beautiful. You do get harassed immediately past the hotel boundary but just walk in the sea past them and they leave you alone.Dont bother going into those beach shops, unless you want ripping off. To be honest I didnt like the people in them ,we tried to look the once and they wanted $200 for a painting, we offered $60 and the man in the shop shoved us out saying we were wasting his time, I spoke to lots of people who said the same. Once a week the hotel has a market in the lobby and its the same thing, I dont think the hotel should allow their customers to be rudely spoken to. And as for being really poor , they seemed to have top of the range trainers and mobile phones? (By this i mean the people in the shops).We spent most of our money on tipping and you really do get a faster service by tipping a few dollars here and there, especially around the lounge bar.The food was really good I thought in the buffet restaurant, there was so much choice and I never had a bad stomach once. I really dont know how anyone can moan. However the speciality restaurants were shocking I thought. We went to the Italian (best of bad lot), Mediteranean (very rude and very slow service), Steak house (ok) to be honest I wouldnt bother especially as the whole queing system is a joke! I think there is so many back handers going on as even at 8am in the morning certain restaurants were booked before u could even book them, a few couples with young children complained they couldnt get a table anywhere even though they tried most days.I would recommend the Gourmet restaurant, you have to pay $25 each but its worth it and the lobster is lovely.There is alot of entertainment at the hotel running all day and i think this was a huge disappointment to most people (well Brits I spoke to), to say it was unprofessional is an understatement, we personally were expecting the evening entertainment to be more local music but it was all loud bands and to be honest even though one band was good the rest was awful.The shows are terrible, i just cant explain how bad they are , you have to see them to believe it and the beach party we went to was embarrasing for anyone who doesnt enjoy jumping around with a balloon between their legs.It was more like Butlins (fine if thats what you are expecting) and less like a classy hotel, there is no way this hotel is 5star, I think its wrong for the brochures to say it is. We saw a couple of other hotels surrounding it which are also 5 star, now they were really elegant and bit more refined, I know you get what you pay for but I would pay that bit more next time and go somewhere more upmarket. If you have kids I think you will enjoy it more but this place isnt romantic or really for couples I dont think. We saw a couple of weddings and has put me off getting married abroad after seeeing the set up.There were alot of honeymooners there to , and all i will say to anyone going there on your honeymoon is make your travel agent has informed the hotel as lots of couples were having to prove they were on their honeymoon and not getting the upgrades etc,which is not what you want.Lastly the Rep at Airtours ,just dont believe a word he says he really is useless. I really did enjoy our holiday, it was 2 weeks away from it all and the the weather was generally sunny and as a sunworshipper I was in heaven, but if you are not into sunbathing there isnt much else to do and once the sun went down i found it quite boring really. We tried to use the gym but its not airconditioned and in that heat its impossible to do a work out. I have been to the Caribean before but never the DR I dont think I will go back to this hotel but would pay more and go somewhere else, this hotel was the not really as special as it could be and baring in mind you really are in the middle of nowhere i think much could be done to improve it,there isnt really any escape short of excursions.See what you think??  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware the heat and humidity! As first time guests of the Sirenis, we found that the communication to the guests is somewhat lacking. For instance, we were not told that the lights and air-conditioning would not work unless a door key was inserted in the little box by the front door. When you remove the key, the power shuts off after a few minutes. Also, the rooms are the only place on the complex that have air-conditioning. None of the other bars, restaurants and public areas are air-conditioned. You will need electrical adaptors which are two round prongs if you wish to use curling irons, razors, etc. If you want a remote for the TV, you must ask at the desk. The safe must be paid for and a key assigned at the desk, also.The food was OK at best. They frequently changed the rules for making reservations at the non-buffet restaurants. It took us all week to get our reservations in at the three restaurants we did try. You were not allowed to reserve more than one at a time. The grounds are beautiful, the rooms spacious and kept clean. Be sure to take your walking shoes as we were a good 15 minute stroll away from the main dining room. The staff was friendly and usually you could find someone who would understand what you were trying to say. I heard many, many languages spoken so you have to consider all of the backgrounds to which they must cater. They did a good job and are most helpful if you want to practice your Spanish with them!Nutshell: Economical choice for a do-nothing get away. Take lots of books!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Good and the Bad We are from the United States and spent July 4-11, 2005 at Sirenis Cocotal/Tropical in the Dominican Republic (in reality it's one resort with two equal sides). I give it three stars out of five overall. Here are the pluses and minuses:GOOD--The staff is very helpful and friendly. The grounds are well-tended and beautiful. The pool is the best I've ever seen. It's about two hundred yards long. It starts shallow/walk-in at each end, then becomes more than 7.5 feet deep in the middle. There are two swim-up bars in the pool. The sleeping rooms are comfortable and are cleaned well every day. The food was plentiful, varied and delicious, from fruits to desserts. We ate at the buffet most days, but at at restaurants for dinner three times. The Italian and Creperie restaurants were great, but the Mexican restaurant left me with heartburn. One day it was seafood day for supper, and that was fabulous. In the buffet, you can also get made-to-order omelettes and pasta. The beach is wide, long and wonderful. We also loved the spa with its hot tub, sauna, cold whirlpools and massage showers.BAD--The worst thing was there were usually a couple of birds in the buffet room, and they swooped down and ate food from the buffet when and where they could get by with it. To avoid any problems with that, you could eat only the foods that are covered or made-to-order. The second major drawback was the toplessness at the pool and the beach. Topless women are common--about 10-20% of all the women. They're not entirely avoidable unless you don't go to the pool and beach. The resort staff generally understand very little English, except for a few standards phrases. But hey, the Dominican Republic is not an English-speaking country. They probably know our language better than we know theirs. There were guests there from England, France, Germany, and many other countries. We shouldn't expect the staff to speak all of those languages. The third major problem was the smell of the furniture in the lobby/guest services building. It all smelled strongly musty. This is not surprising, since the precipitation and humidity are high all of the time. But they should clean the furniture with bleach or something. A couple of the elevators smell so musty that they are practically unusable.NOT TRIED--We did not go to any stage shows or visit the casino or the disco, so can't rate them.THE WEATHER--It only rained about 2.5 days out of 8 we were there. And one of those days of rain was attributable to Hurricane Dennis. Most of the time, the temperature was about 86(f), with a pleasant ocean breeze blowing, so the weather was pretty good overall.WARNING--If you go to the beach, stay to the right side (facing the ocean) in the swimming area. On the left side of the swimming area, there is coral near the surface and close to the beach, and if the sky is overcast you won't see that the coral is there, and you might bang your shin or foot against the coral.OVERALL--I'm glad we went to this resort, and I do recommend it, if you can deal with the concerns mentioned above. Feel free to e-mail us if you have any questions.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>palmplace
<Content>great holiday I was really worried about this holiday as I read the reviews after I had booked it, it was to be a family holiday for us and our two sons aged 20 and 16 yrs old. We actually had a great holiday and didnot want to come home! As other people have said, it is not 5 star by british standards but for what we paid for this holiday which includes as much food and drink as you could possibly want, it is good value. Most of the staff are very friendly and do their best to speak english and other languages, the animation staff are brilliant, especially Christian and Jesus, they all work very hard and yes you will be singing the Serenis song for weeks afterwards.The transfer from the airport does take you along a bumpy road, but this is a poor country. We did put on our hotel comment form that perhaps the hotel could help to put the road right as it is a big chain of hotels and it would help when deciding to go on an excursion as you do have to go along this road every time.The food is good, the buffet has a very good choice and there is something for everyone, particularly my fussy 16yr old!The rooms were spacious and clean we were in H205 and our sons next door to us.We had a great family holiday and will go back one day  
<Date>Jul 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A mixed experiece at Sirenis Cocatal Friiendly, exotic. spacious is the resort. Plenty of breathing space amongst the pool and beach. Expect to do absoultly nothing but relax at this resort. HINT: you must ask for top shelf alcohol which is hidden away in the lower closeted shelves. Take plenty of antiacids and anti-diarrhea formularies on this trip if you are not used to eating and drinking in this third world country. The food is plentiful at the buffet and restaurants. It all has a caribbian twist and the presentations were top shelf but the food is not what I am used in the states or other caribbian destinations. I was ill after every meal no matter what was consummed. My fiancee was down for 24 hours with chronic diarrhea. Other travelers also complained about the food. I believe our hosts did the best they could with what the had.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unclean and Unsafe My family of four along with two other couples were sent to this hotel for one evening as our flight was canceled and our original hotel, Sunscape The Beach (fantastic) was booked.We were given keys to rooms that were in the K section and upon finding them (finally) one of the rooms were already occupied. The other two rooms were unfit to sleep in even for the one night! We then went back down to talk to our Signature rep to try and help us with this situation. She was not only not helpful she was outright offended that we did not LOVE our rooms and made it quite plain that she thought we were just unreasonable.Long story short we were finally (3 hours later) given rooms in the S section, though not as musty, I would have been in tears if I had to spend a week there. One couple once again was given keys to an already occupied room.At one point we had access to 8 rooms and no one seems that interested in keeping track of our keys and what rooms we were able to access. A young couple in the lobby was speaking to the manager at this time as there room had been broken into and there money and several things were missing.A five star maybe at one point in its history but now a 3 star on a good day.There are many many better places to stay that are safe and clean and I suggest that you look for them and avoid this one entirely.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A pleasant vacation ARRIVAL - After our flight was delayed 2hrs with Skyservice, we were very happy to finally get to the airport in Punta Cana. Getting through the airport was very easy and quick. The bus ride to the resort was approximately a little over 1hr on bumpy roads, some hills the bus barely made it up. Upon arrival at the resort we were welcomed with fresh beverages. Check in was fairly fast, but very disapointed with how little English the staff was actually able to comprehend.THE RESORT - The overall appearance of the resort is very pleasing. The lobby is very spaceous, never had any trouble finding a seat. It was faily clean and appealing. The pool was huge! Two large pools seperated by a bridge and surrounded by palm trees was by far the focal point of the resort. The pool was literally steps from the beach. You could see the ocean from the pool...amazing scenery. The resort also had a lot of beautiful fountains in the centre of walkway leading from the lobby all the way down to the pool.The beach is beautiful, however the water is a little cloudy because the sand is so powerdy it gets mixed in the water when the tides come in. The sand is very soft and you can walk for miles. Beware of the locals selling crafts and other things along the beach. They will come right down to the water and basically push you into their store, and then ask for rediculous prices for simple things.THE ROOMS - Upon arrival we were pleased to find out that we had been upgraded to a junior suite. We were excited about the idea, until we saw the room. The sleeping area was very small, 2 double beds, a tv and a dresser. The seperate sitting area contained a mini fridge that was replenished daily with Sprite, Coke,  Water, and also had a small table, a chair  couch. We never used this room once, it was pretty pointless unless you had a group of people to sit there and talk.We were very unsatisfied with the cleaning staff. The only day that our room was cleaned before 10am was the first day there. After that, our room wasn't cleaned until usually around 3pm. Even then, sometimes we didn't get clean towels and had to go get them ourself. ENTERTAINMENT - Very boring. These shows were so unprofessional and we usually left 20 minutes into the shows. The only show I would recommend seeing is the Michael Jackson show, it was decent enough to watch the majory of the show. Definitely try to make it to karaoke night!! This was by far the best night of the week. Everybody has a great time singing  dancing in the lobby.THE STAFF - Overall, the staff was very friendly. It was a little frustrating that so few of the staff spoke english or understood anything we were saying. You couldn't pass any staff member on the resort without them saying Ola! THE FOOD - It seemed like the food started off better than what we had expected and then got worse as the week went on. They were very creative with the food, making interesting designs out of melon. Towards the beginning of the week there was a fair selection to choose from. Nothing over appealing, but we never left hungry. Towards the end of the week the food got very repetative and we didnt look foward to going to eat anymore. THE WEATHER - We were pretty lucky with the weather. We had 1 solid day of rain, and only one day where it only rained in the morning. Later on in the week there was an evening of just lightning, no rain. It was quite the light show! It got very hot at time when there was no breeze. OVERALL - A decent vacation. Would I go back? No.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Read the real deal right here If you want a picture perfect beach, then this might be the place for you, and your family to stay, (We were on our honeymoon 06/17/05-06/27/05). The pools were clean, and very pretty. They had really nice animators that made things cute and fun. I am from, (KY, United States) so they did the best they could to help me in my language, and that was nice of them. They did pretty good too. The room was spacious, and pretty. And the food wasn鈥檛 great, but they make worse you know. The drinks were pretty good, but they have coconut liquor, so you can bet you can pretty much drink all day, and feel no different. But here goes the stuff they don鈥檛 tell you. When you first arrive, they present you with these lovely pretty drinks and great kindness. Everything is wonderful and you think, 鈥淚 am in paradise!鈥?Then we got checked in and were shown to our room, (Building J room 208, 3rd floor) The weather was no less than the 90鈥橲 the entire time we were there, and hardly no rain. On our first night, our air conditioner froze up and we woke up in sweat and heat because of it. We finally got it fixed . They also tell you that they have all of these special restaurants and buffets to eat at. What they do not tell you is that you have to make a reservation even go inside one of these places and you can only choose from three, if your lucky to get into three per one weeks stay. We only got into the seafood place, and all the rest were booked before we got there. The buffet is always pretty good. You can always find 鈥渟omething鈥?no matter who you are. Now here are our major gripes. 1. our water went totally our for a short time our third day there. When we called to report it, the front desk just said something broke and they don鈥檛 know what, and they will fix it. They did fix it, but after the air conditioner freezing, I wasn鈥檛 impressed. They had a small elevator on the bottom floor that took us up to the top. we almost got stuck on it, and thought it was a fluke, until we walked past it later and it was out of order, without power, and remained that way unfixed the entire week. The maid service was only so/so. One day they didn鈥檛 even come to clean our room and I actually had to call to have them do it because of all the sand in the bed and floor. I tried to get as much of it up as I couldn鈥檛 do it with just a towel. One night we were walking up the stairs to our room and these guys went bursting out of their room all frantic and spraying something like hairspray or something on a huge cockroach! I just stopped it to death in fear and disgust! warning! The balcony door will self lock the second you shut it. the only way to unlock it is from the inside! If your out on the deck and you lock your self out like we did you might have a lot longer stay than you ever thought about. We were on the 3rd floor and was lucky to get the attention of the landscaping staff to come and get us. It鈥檚 honestly a health hazard if you have kids or something.. You just never know. They have free non motorized water sports and all, but its for only like one hour a day, and they hound you each and every time to purchase insurance before you do it. They take advantage of our money, and they charge more for common things by triple! So bring things like bandages and peroxide and alcohol and ointment. My husband got an ear ache and we went to the pharmacy and the kid had no clue what he was doing, and was going to try to give him eye drops for his ear infection. I finally pointed and got this tiny bottle of alcohol for him. The boy took forever, and didn鈥檛 know how much to charge us still so he just guessed. Another thing that made me mad more than anything was that when we did go to a buffet for lunch and it would have a lot of people at tables, and all the two people tables were full, we would sit down at a four place setting and on a few occasions they actually had the nerve to tell us to get up and move to a smaller table, almost like we weren鈥檛 good enough or something, and they didn鈥檛 even offer to help us. That made me furious. One night, a couple of young men working there came up to my husband and put his arm around him out of no where, and flexed his muscles and asked him if 鈥渉e wanted some of that鈥?and My husband had a good mind to let him have it right there. It was amazingly awful and rude. This place is pretty, but I want quality. If they are a 4+ star resort , I鈥檇 like to see a 1 or 2. I wouldn鈥檛 go back to this place, I won鈥檛 tell any of my friends to go there, and If I go back, It won鈥檛 be there at that resort. Be careful and aware if you go there. stay informed! We wish we were. Hope this saves you.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>onthego4life
<Content>The real sirenis cocotal First let me say that if you are looking for an experience similar to one you would receive at the Plaza Hotel or Waldorf Astoria then perhaps you should go there. Some of the reviews written here fail to take into account that they are visiting a very beautiful, but very poor country where the average income is only two hundred fifty dollars a month. My experience at the Sirenis was amazing. The palm trees tower along the entirety of the beach and the warm water is a relaxing shade of turquoise. The primary staff has a working grasp of english and most of them speak five languages. Despite the language barrier that presented itself occasionally we were always able to manage to just fine. You can find someone that will help if you need it. I have no complaints about the cleanliness of the resort. The beach is meticulously cleaned daily as are the pools grounds. I can't recall seeing any trash anywhere. The only thing that was a minor issue was the bed comforters. Because the humidity is so high there is always a considerable amount of moisture around. This caused there to be moldy smell on the pillow cases but all you have to do is request replacements and all is good. The weather was great..similar to Miami. It rained the first day there so we just toured around to see where everything was located...you can't blame the resort for the weather. It will won't stay rainy for long. All the showers moved through in minutes and then the sun was out again. Sirenis is huge so look to do a little walking to get from place to place but it's not an issue except at night when the mosquitoes come out. They weren't terrible but you will be bitten so I can suggest some repellent. The food was great and you will have no problem finding something you like. Make sure to make your reservations for the restaurants in advance because they do have limited space and are not available every night. Keep in mind that while you are feasting on the best they have to offer and discarding plates of food, there are those that are desperate for food just a few miles from the resort. Everyone we met was great an willing to help. The day trips are great and I strongly recommend them. Just talk to Abbis, the Vacation Express trip guide. She's awesome! I had the best massage ever at the spa followed by a great stretch in the steam room. Do not go shopping at the local merchants if you tire easily of bargaining. Understand that this is their living so they are very persistent but it still can be annoying at times. If you want to find something to complain about chances are you will find it. It鈥檚 a vacation, relax, have a drink and enjoy. Overall, great food, free alcohol, great trips, great people and wonderful wonderful location. I will be going back and recommending it to all I know.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the super sirenis The sirenis hotel, for me the bets one that i have been in. I went to sitenis last summer and it was great, I like it so mouch that I'm planning to go back thi ssummer. The food the beach and the pools are great also the clubs and all the other stuff aare excellent. I recomend evrybody to and visit this hotel, you will love it I garantee it.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Sirenis Super!!!!!!!!! My Wife, son and Myself just returned from a superb holiday at the Sirenis Cocatal. They should change the name to the Sirenis Superb. It was great my son is 7 and he took part in the Kids club. He loved all the activities and the ladies who directed it was very kind to all the children. The food was good. We ate at the buffet, Steak house, Mexican, Chinese, and Italian resturants. They were very good. The Lunch buffet at the pool was very good also much to choose from. Pizza, Hot dogs, hamburgers, fries, pork chops, grilled chicken, fish, fruit, salads, cold cuts, breads, crepes, nachos, ice creams, pastrys and drink of all sorts. The tropical drinks were great especailly the coco loco punch and the Banana mamas. Those are a must.The rooms were very nice. we stayed in tropical suit S with an ocean and pool view beautiful sight first thing in the morning. The entertainment was great. Just remember to take your walking shoes and relax at the pool and don't forget to visit the swim up bars for you drinks. This was our third time to the sirenis and would go back again. We love it love it love it.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great honeymoon there. Read an honest reveiw. This hotel is not a five star. If it was a five star it would have cost us 3 times what we paid for it. If you go along looking for the finishes of 5 star you will be dissapointed. It is however a great resort and the food was very well presented and we had no tummy troubles, neither did we hear of any. The resort has a team of guys with mosqito sprays who go round the whole site at 7:30am so you will not be bitten during the day. After sunset use mosquito sprays on yourself as you would any other tropical place. The entertainments team there are the best I have seen. Super with the kids. They speak English, Spanish and French and really get all nationalities together. Please accept that the waiters may not speak such good english and get a lot of unnecessary complaints. They will be your best freind if your nice to them and your worst enemy if you keep complaining. We tipped our maid 2 dollars a day and she done a beyond the call of duty on our room. Flowers and swans out of towels. The reason for the bad press on this hotel is the moaners who want five star for three star prices.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Recent report on Sirenis Cocotal Resort We arrived at the hotel which was gorgeous and were immediately given a refreshing tropical drink so we thought we were in heaven! Once we had completed the check-in things changed!The lobby furniture was dirty; the cushions were so siled we hated to sit on them. The pool area needed to be pressure cleaned. Again the mats that go on the chaise lounges were filthy and ripped, The towels, however, were clean. It rained alot and our roof leaked. We must have called 5 times and went to the front desk as well. All we wanted were some towels to put on the bathroom floor to mop up the water and to prevent us from slipping but nobody seemed to care and we got nothing. We sat at the desk of our travel guide for 2 hours one night which was her scheduled time to be there and she never showed. The next night I asked where she had been and she apoligized and said she had called the front desk and asked them to put a note there stating that she would be there early the following morning but nobody bothered. We had asked the front desk if they might know why she wasnt there and they said no. The restaurants are done by reservation and each day they run out of space--but the restaurants are never more than a third full.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definately not a 5 star! Having stayed at a 4 star in Punta Cana last year (the Occidental Grand Flamenco) and having the most fabulous 3 weeks of my life (even though there were negative reviews about it on the internet), I decided to ignore the negative reviews of the Cocotal and was sure that it would be fantastic.However, the first room we were allocated on arrival on Mon 16/5 had light fittings hanging out of the bathroom ceiling with water pouring through, we went back to reception and were allocated another room which had extremely brown water like sewage running from the taps. The hotel admitted there was a problem but did not move us until Thurs 19/5 - a long time to go without a bath!There were other issues such as birds in the restaurant landing on, walking all over and eating the bread and fruit, one night a cockroach on the ham, food poisoning from the Mexican (every person that ate the chicken and beef there on the same night I went all fell ill), the lobby area had a constant stale/mouldy smell and the chairs smelt badly of body odour, the blue lights that they have to attract and electrocute the cockroaches were placed right outside the speciality resaturants and you could not enter without getting swarmed with them, etc. etc.Another warning is to never lie directly on the sun bed mattresses as they are infested with mosquitoes and the resort itself has a huge problem with mosquitoes. Despite using 3 cans of insect repellent I got 86 bites! Our rep who was only coverning at the Cocotal had been in the Dom Rep for 5 months and never had a problem with bites, but after a week at the Cocotal was herself covered.On the plus side we did meet some fabulous people (Hi Kate, Mike, Hayley and Rich if you read this) and the Spa and Casino were excellent.If you want a drink after midnight when the lobby bar closes, just place a 100 peso bet in the casino and you get free drinks until it closes.Fermin (on the entertainment team) was the nicest, friendliest bloke I have ever met and some of the bar staff, waiters and waitreses were also amazing (Frank, Sucre, Henry, Joselyn and Erika deserve a special mention).Unfortunately we had a bad start to the holiday and other little problems that we would probably have overlooked under normal circumstances just seemed to be bigger. The hotel was very busy when we stayed and they had torrential rain for the week before we arrived and for the first week of our holiday, so maybe this is why the standards were not so good.If you have booked to go to this hotel and have stayed at other resorts in the Dominican before, then prepare to be disappointed (it is nowhere near as good as the 4 star Occidental, Bavara Beach or Bahia). I would only rate this a 3 star in comparison.If it is your first time in the Dominican, just beware of what food the birds have been walking over and hopefully have a great time.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome place to be. Paradise       Fridge is in the desk.  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bored to Tears this hotel has beautiful surroundings but the weather was terrible and you could only sit at the bar or swim in the torrential rain on these days which were many in the fortnight i was there...there wasn't much for the kids to do just a short disco at 8-30pm which most nights lasted for about 15 mins..it is a place mostly designed for young couples...not singles like me..don't bother to leave your laundry out the maids dont bother to take it..The staff are very friendly always ready with an hola and they love the babies and children...I personally wouldn't go back to this hotel..  
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>artoisdobes
<Content>Paradise!!! What can I say - PARADISE!!Staff were really friendly and the whole complex ran like a well oiled machine. No negatives about this hotel at all. Food was varied and of excellent quality, rooms very clean, pool superb and beach beautiful!!The drive from the airport is interesting with only half of the journey on decent roads - but hey - this is a 3rd world country - what do you expect?If you want a totally relaxing, quiet holiday in paradise you cant go far wrong with this one. If we ever went back to the Domincan it would be to this resort.  
<Date>May 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great stay! (i've included pictures)       our "lounge" in our suite  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just got back, wish I was still there!       Show off.  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sunshine261976
<Content>Just Stay Home If you are planning on going to the Sirenis Cocotal Beach Resort think again. This hotel is the worst place that I have ever been, the resort would like you to cut the power to your room while you are out. When we arrived to our room the air conditioner was broken, roof was leaking, and the enterance light was broken. After calling the front desk three times to speak at a spanish only speaking employee we finally went to talk to our Tour Rep Andre who was godsent and had our problems fixed. A small suggestion would be to drink a lot, buffets are horriable and the only way you would eat the crap they feed you is to be loaded. Eat at the a la cartes as much as you can they will keep you from starving to death. Avoid the night shows, context is inapproate with naked men and domestic abuse all rolled into one show. Entertaiment in the lobby is far more interesting. Please be advised that you will need to bring a plug adaptor for any of your items. Hope you have a good trip dispite of our problems.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unforgettable - want to know why? Read on....       Fit for a postcard  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>don't bother - get a refund before it's too late! Flight was unbelievably long and uncomfortable.Accomodation - damp,smelly, noisy form the pool area and the disco, dark, broken hairdryer, light hanging off the bathroom ceiling.Hotel complex - miles away from anywhere, allcoounal areas were very smoky, no feeling of community or soul - we met a couple an the first day and didn't see them again until the flight home.Food - very dull and tasteless - the best meal of the day was breakfast. sometimes it really is quality, not quantity that counts. A la crate was far over-rated and had to queue for at least 20 mins to book each day.Drinks - all inclusive obviously. would have been nice to have had a bottle of wine to share on our balcony, but coul;dn't do that.Staff - very helpful and friendly. Some people moaned that they didn't make the effort to speak English...HELLO...we were in their country as visitors.entertainment - very loud around the pool area all the time - we had to walk right down the beach to get peace and quiet. Evening ents didn't satrt til 10pm - too late for us, but by all accounts was very amateur-ish.Cable TV - most channels had a constant buzz in the background.Maid service - really good - we tipped her $5 and our room was filled with fresh flowers for the remainder of our stay.conclusion - the trips were the best part of the hol, but took ages to get to anywhere. First impressions of the hotel were big ang posh, but in reality it was over sized, loud and tacky - and far too far to travel to be that disappointed. It should be given 3* rating as it defo isn't 5* - the brochure is very misleading.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good for kids March 2005Initial conditions:Two adults - one recovering from broken leg - children age 6 years and 16 monthsBooking:selloffvacations Initially planned to go to Mexico or Jamaica but this gave a much better dealunder $4,000 Canadian for 2 weeksTravel:left car at DirectParking, Toronto. Initial site was full. More on that laterIt was day of Jetsgo shutdown so plenty of cancelled flights - luckily not oursDe-icing was done incorrectly which led to an hours delay. Pilot cheerily said Just one of those things That would be inefficient workers and a system that does not automatically bump incorrectly done planes to the head of the queue. Not a good startReturn coach trip several people were sick. Not sure pot-holes were to blame as much as general coach sickness. Had to wait an hour to get picked up by shuttleFor car park. Took 100 calls to get through. Some people had to take taxi. Then they attempted to charge for the more expensive site although our first choice had been full 鈥?no indication on Internet to that effect. Finally got $20 refund but recommend steering well clear of themReception: Bit haphazard. Keen to take a photo, for later payment, but little direction on directions to coachesStill no major problem. Comfortable, air-conditioned coach about 1.5 hours from Punta Cana. Efficientcheck-in with time for lunch prior to room being readyRoom:Good decor, slight signs of age. TV with 30 channels good for keeping kids quiet for a few minutes and catch up on news. Had some ceiling leakage was fixed whilst we were outLocation/Climate:30C every day. No rain. Some cloud cover. Great contrast between beach with sea breeze and pool areajust a few steps away. Great, lengthy beach but miles from anywhere. Saw a couple of whales breaching one dayFacilities:Gym/Spa. Impressive building but never used personallyGolf Driving nets. A jokeWater Sports. Don't build your vacation on it. Catamaran was fun but tended to catch theAnimation. Always something on not over-pushyPool. Definite highlight. Good design with several different areas including very shallow walk-in under shade Our one year-old had a ball throwing himself under waterOnly available between 9 and 6. Smaller pools could have had different hours surelyFood:Confirm previous comments. Some variety in buffet but quality 3*. We had no trouble booking for Mexican and Creperie (got there just before 8a.m.)where presentation was superior but still not remarkable qualityExcursions:Never needed to take one. Heard some favourable commentsClientele:Quite an age range. Several families. few teenagers. Lots of couples in 20'sCanadian/British/French/Dominicans at Easter. No Americans -Not too rowdy but with Brits there were plenty of topless and tatoos on viewStaff: Plenty of them. Friendly enough but limited English. certainly helps if you have a baby and a Spanish-speaker (as we did). Better at taking plates away unnecessarily than refilling wine glasses and coffee cups but no major problems. Room was always serviced when we were awayService in most bars was swiftKids Club:Takes 4-12 year olds so quite a range but our 6 year old loved it. Two two hour sessionsevery day, a mini-disco and sometimes a dinner. Good variety of athletic and crafts on offerand excellent staff. Competitive kids could pick up plenty of certificatesSuggestions:High chairs need replacing with type that actually contain kidsRocker or Slider in lobby area would be good for getting babies to bedScales for weighing people in and out and checking baggage weightLengthen pool hours - especially for smaller facilitiesLaundromat - laundry service was in Euros (v expensive). I expectmost people DIY'dReplace Golf nets with mini-golfOverall:We were pleased but we had perfect weather, a good deal and the children were well catered for. I can see that the shortcomings might prove unacceptable to those who were expecting 5* quality and service  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not 5* Butlins with sun We arrived after a flippin awful flight (5 hours delay) with My travel. Will never use them again. Had to pay for water ! What sort of people do that? We arrived to our rooms and smelt a rather damp smell. We waited one full hour for our bags and the bell boy hovered wanting a tip. Felt we had to but he didn't deserve it. Get more bell boys in!!! The rooms are fairly spacious and we were facing the sea so that was good. The food in the main restaurant was considering it keeps going all day is pretty good, wide selection and the fruit is luvverly! The so called specialist restaurants do try hard but in truth all the chefs need to go training to discover how to cook and in particular to make desserts. Bless! They just don't understand how to get the textures! The evening entertainment is pretty naff, loud, they can't get out of the 80s No No No limit days. Come on times have changed. The noise permeates to your room and we felt that at 11.30pm it went on too long and for small children far too long. The best thing about the holiday was the trips. The james bond and Saona island trips were excellent. Shame thety had nothing to do with the hotel. When we were away from our resort our holiday was at its highest. When we got back to the Butlins hotel it felt like a let down. Don't bother coming here if you want peace and quiet. If you have kids its a good place but overall the place is soulless and lacks class. 5* more like 3 and a quarter  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>787
<Content>Sirenus cocotal We just arrived home from the Sirenis Cocotal a few days ago and had a wonderful time. The weather was gorgeous and the hotel was bigger than I imagined but always very clean. At times though we found the bar and restaraunt staff to be quite rude and this is less than I would expect from a 5 star hotel. An example of this was one evening we had booked a table for four in the Italian restaraunt but when we arrived the booking had only been made for two. Despite the restaraunt being half empty and the fault being on the part of the hotel the manager refused to seat us. It wasn't untill we threatened to complain that he relented and let us eat there. Unfortunately we have many more examples of rudeness and disinterest on the part of some staff.On the whole the food was very nice with a large selection, the specialtiy resteraunts being particularly nice. The beach and pool area was fantasitic, very clean with plenty of space. If I could recommend one trip it would without a doubt be a visit to the marinarium. Here we snorkelled with nurse sharks and sting rays and then stood in the middle of the carribean sea in only waist high water sipping rum and coke as Bob Marley played from the boat. Absolutely unforgettable (even better than Saona Island). Ps, you will be singing the hotel song for weeks when you get home!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Friendly Resort Hi, My husband and 21 month baby just returned from staying at the Sirenis for a week and must say it was a lovely, friendly resort. The staff were great and very helpful. (they love kids!) The hotel itself is nice and good for kids. There is plenty to do and the evening entertainment is not bad. We were worried after reading negative reviews but must say we were glad we went. There is a funny smell in the rooms and some areas of the resort but it may be the detergent or cleaners they use! Otherwise the resort is very clean. The food was good with plenty of variety including the speciality restaurants.The hotel beach is lovely and so are the pool areas where they do water aerobics, and other entertainment.We would recommend this for both couples and families with kids as it is an all round resort.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay We had a great time at this resort. We had a room with a view of the beach and ocean, it was absolutely beautiful. The beach had covered huts and palm trees which made it possible to enjoy the beach much longer, we would stay there for hours. We liked most of the restaurants , with the exception of the french one. The entertainment was not that great, not very professional ... The staff was very very friendly, though there is very little english understood by anyone. Overall we found the resort to be very relaxing and well kept and would recommend it to others.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sad to leave... The negative reviews on this site almost scared us off, but I'm so glad we decided to take the chance! We were at the Sirenis Cocotal from Feb 26 to March 4 and we had an incredible hot, sunny and unforgettable week. My husband and I wanted a place to relax and have fun with our 2-year-old son. Here's the skinny:Pools: beautiful and varied - there's something for everyone from very shallow kiddy pools, to deep areas, to the swim up bar. Beach: yes, it can be windy, and there are some magnificent waves, but we were still in the ocean (with the baby) every single day. The sand is perfect for sandcastles!Room: standard room - big enough for all of us. The full tub was an added bonus for bathing our son. We requested a ground room with an ocean view and we got it (sort of...we got as close to the ocean as possible with the layout of the hotel).Food: we thought the food was great. We preferred the buffet by far - we only tried the Italian  Steak restaurants and they were both disappointing. There really is something for everything at the buffet - don't turn up your nose just because it's not exactly what you would eat at home...because you're not at home!!Service: it was impossible to pass an employee of the hotel without them saying 'hola' and smiling and trying to make our son laugh - they were certainly nicer than any hotel staff I've ever stayed at in North America or Europe. Our only complaint is that we had to ask about 5 times before getting the crib we requested (including a phone call by my husband the week before we arrived). DON'T GO TO THE SIRENIS IF YOU: - are impatient and want to be treated like royalty. The staff is delightful and kind but they don't care if you have to wait 10 minutes for your pina colada.- don't like kids. The resort was crawling with children of all ages - it was good for us, but probably not desirable if you're on your honeymoon or just want peace  quiet - this is a pretty noisy resort at times.- have trouble walking. The Sirenis is HUGE and depending on where your room is it can be quite a hike up to the restaurants or down to the beach.Otherwise, I would definitely recommend the Sirenis Cocotal! Pack your sunscreen, your sarong, and your patience - and you will have a perfect vacation.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>PLEASE READ THIS REVIEW!       Check in Desk  
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Resort, just a couple glitches When you first enter the resort the view is beautiful. The room is basic but what do you expect, you only use it to sleep and shower anyway. The restaurants are open and spacious. The pool is nice and large. The food was great in my opinion but I know some people who didn't like it. I guess you will have to figure it out for yourself. The entertainment was great and the staff make a lot of effort to keep everyone having fun during the day with lots of activitiesPoints of mention:-Do the trips, they are excellent and a great way to meet people from both your resort and others. Bavaro Runners was especially good.-Make sure you convert your money before you go, they will not exchange currency at the hotel. Make sure to take lots of 1's for tips-If you have anything that has an adapter that you will want to plug in like a battery charger then either take an extension cord or you can buy an adapter there for $3 US. The plugs have a casing around them that prevent an adapter from being plugged in.-The beach is nice and large and there are no resorts for like a 45 minute walk to either side so you have lots of place to roam. Make sure that there are other people around though if you go walking because a couple we met there got ROBBED just a couple of minutes to the left of the resort. They had a broken bottle held to the man's neck and the woman had her chain ripped off and their camera bag stolen. There just happened to be only one other person around at the time. All the staff at the resort seemed shocked to hear it and said it never happened before. It was probably an isolated incident but be careful anyway.-Finally, for people looking to party hard, this may not be the resort for you. The disco is not very busy and a fair number of families go here. The lobby does have good entertainment and two bars though and it was great to go hang out there in the evening and meet people.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PrairieGal
<Content>Enjoyed our second visit to Sirenis We just returned from our trip to Sirenis Feb.17-24. It was our second visit to this resort and we were not disappointed. My husband and I brought our two children (aged 2 and 5) and met up with relatives at the resort. Here is a brief (LOL) review based on our experience:STAFF: The staff were awesome. Everyone from the front desk to the cleaning staff were great. Our reservation for Cocotal had been lost in a paper shuffle and we were given an immediate upgrade to the Tropical Suites. We did not know this was the case until presented with our room key. A nice suprise! Our room was very close to the beach and was well appointed.The wait staff in the main buffets were great. They got to know us so well that our drinks were brought to us at the table without us even having to request them! Never did my husband have an empty cervesa glass. He even had to turn them down sometimes they were sooo efficient at refills!We did not have the same maid for our room each day, but each that we did have were very pleasant. One day the kids were having a siesta when the maid came by our room. Although she did not wake them, she felt so guilty about disturbing us that she later brought a large bouquet of fresh flowers to our room. It was lovely to have those flowers to wake up to all week.PREMISES: The property is very well kept. The groundskeepers work day and night to keep it looking fabulous. We never had any problems with mildew or bugs as some have complained about.FOOD: The food was average. It did not make or break our trip. We always found items to eat and were never hungry. One must remember that you are in a different country where goat stew, manioc , squid dishes, and turtle soup are customary. They deep-fry foods in coconut oil and many drinks use coconut milk. Coconut is a natural laxative, so eat and drink using discretion.POOL: The pool is huge. The Tropical side is much more quiet than the Cocotal side where activities are held. We never had trouble finding loungers - even in the afternoon. The only problems at the pool are the tourists who hord 2 cushions for one lounger so that some loungers are left bare. That is very selfish behavior that we saw happening more than once! Our kids loved the pool as it slopes very gradually and has a large shallow area for children. Bring some inflatable toys for the little ones - hours of fun.BEACH: One of the best things about Sirenis is its remote location. The beach is very long and you can walk for a long distance between Secrets and Sunscape (Sirenis is in the middle). It was windy while we were there, but you could still take out the boats and do water activities. One day we watched as the locals tracked a large sea turtle swimming down the beach and then caught it in a net. They were very excited about being able to have turtle steaks for supper. I don't think that we could have seen that sort of activity on the more crowded beaches. ENTERTAINMENT: The daytime animation staff were always involving people in games, etc. but were not overly pushy so you could relax if you wanted. Prizes were bottles of Rum. In the evening, there was always something different going on in the main lobby: karaoke, bands, lounge singers, even a market bazaar one night. There is a casino, but we did not check it out. The 10 PM dance shows are really not that good at all. The quality of the dancers was pretty poor. A couple of the dancers even looked like they were just learning the routines for the first time while performing on stage. These shows could use some major improvement as many people walked out halfway through. The only reason we stayed was for a good laugh.KIDS CLUB: This works really well. The KC have great facilities at the front of the resort. Even my 2 year old loved the huge play structure they have there. Kids are well cared for and can participate in a variety of activities. In the evening the kids can go to the Disco for their own dance party. Great fun. The kids get to do crafts, etc. and we always knew where our son was on the days he chose to participate.EXCURSIONS: My husband and I were fortunate to be presented with the opportunity to go for a helicopter ride with Helidosa. This was a fabulous experience. We were in flight for half an hour and got to see the entire coastline as well as inland, so got to appreciate our remote beach from the air. Our pilot even pointed out some whales to us! I highly recommend this excursion if your budget allows.Another note of interest: The Bavaro Runners say that they stop at an unpopulated stretch of beach for boogie boarding, etc. This strech of beach is in-between Sirenis and Secrets and is easily accessible via foot. LOL. If you sign up for this trip make sure it is for other reasons.IN THE END: Everyone in our party had a fabulous time. My husband contracted something his last day there, but it did not ruin his experience. The only thing is that his bus ride to the airport was nauseating due to the driving and road conditions. Luckily the guide escorting us understood my husband's attempt to get the bus pulled to the side of the road so he could relieve his tummy. Our apologies and thanks for the understanding passengers on the bus who ended up having to wait in line a little longer at the airport due to that slight delay.Would we recomment this resort? Without hesitation. We found it a great resort to go to with small children. Everything is nice and close for walking to and from the beach to your room and restaurants.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic except for the rooms I am just coming back from the Sirenis and I have spent fantastic holidays. Everything is great :the pool ,the beach,the food, the cocktails but there is just a problem with the room with an awful smell and certainly not 5 stars but 3. Anyway a very good value for money.We were 7 people and we all enjoyed our holidays.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Satisfactory - This is family resort Apearance: Amazing!! Everything looks AWESOME! Food: Appearance, variety and quantity over substance. Looks good, but is bad. All food made me sick. Food is 2 out 5, very bad quality. Mass produced. A la carte resturants are 3.5 out of 5.People: Family resort. Disco: Not a lot of people. Many times bad music.Drinks: DecentBeach: NOt that great. Its small. Ocean is dark. Very very windy. Sand is yellow and has rocks.Room: Supierior!Entertainment: Decent.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Didnt want to leave I have just returned from the sirensis hotel (14/02/2005) and my first impressions lasted, after our flight which was gatwick, manchester to la romana we had a hour and half (felt longer) journey to the airport and yes the roads are terrible with huge potholes but this is an up and coming area so hopefully these will be dealt with. As it is in the middle of nowhere, if you do want to go on the trips they are nearly all a 45mins - 1.5 hour ride away (so ask before booking if you are not good at traveling) but Saona is recommended (see further on for my recommendation on out and about) ROOMS-Were spacious and very clean, lots of room for clothes, TV, Hairdryer, Fresh Towels Service everyday. Safe in the room (buy a key at reception)FOOD - in the buffet restaurant was fab, although was similar most eveings but hey, you just have to try everything. The speciality restaurants, creperie, italian and mediterean restaurant food was excellent, lobster was beautiful and the staff were very very attentive and deserved their tips (not often i tip). The pool buffet (by night the italian) was brilliant too! with it's chocolate pancakes. However we did find that in order to book these restaurants for evening meals you had to go to guest services (only open several hours a day) and there was always a queue, so with full occupancy you may have a bit of a wait.POOL- excellent and huge, clean and lovely layout. Had no problem with beds, just the cushions but managed to locate the odd one here and there. BEACH- Clean and lovely white sand, palm fringed long beach, and yes as we are on the atlantic there is a current, so the waves were big, and we had only 1 day out of 2 weeks with a red flagREPRESENTIVE-We booked with Airtours, Darren although may be good at his job, was hardly attentive and very laid back (i think he's been here too long) We had to visit the hospital via the Doctor at the hotel, who were fantastic and had ambulance on site, to take us to Punta Cana Hosptial (40 mins) Hospital treated my friend with a discolated shoulder in no time, insurance took a little longer but he got better treatment than in UK. However Darren never once checked to see if he was ok. Not a good Rep in my eyes. Sorry Darren but USELESS comes to mind.OUT AND ABOUT-We booked our first afternoon trip with Jimmie (by the pool/towel centre) for quad biking which is a great adventure and very well organisied. You can venture up the beach for a better price however we heard some bad experiences of locals jumping on the quads. So stick with Jimmie. I booked a scuba diving trip but with hotel next door with scuba caribe (Benjamin) This is a PADI CENTRE at The Secrets Excellence HOTEL) which was safe and an excellent trip to Catlina Island, I recommend them rather than booking with the (Manwell) at the Scuba place in Sirensis Cocotal resort. Airtours trips to the OUTBACK was educational and fun, MANINARIUM was excellent to snorkel with nurse sharks and rays, however more time would have been better. The JAMES BOND EXPERIENCE was the best. A Must do, the guides on board (although is was not a fine day so may have been more aware of the swell) were extremely excellent towards our safety (they got a tip too) We also booked the dolphin trip to Manatee Park which is not on the airtours trip, but booked in the hotel for $75 (拢35) you could visit the park with turtles, parrots, horses, monkeys, and swim with the dolphins (only for 5 mins) but they are animals and everyone wants a go, and fantastic professional photos are taken. Airtours say they do not do this trip as the WWF feel it is not fair for such a small pool for three dolphins which i do agree, but these animals looked well cared for and look very well treated and adored by their carers. SAONA island is a must, and we had chance in FEB to go WHALE WATCHING at SAMANA (bit further north) we had to fly by 10 seater plane and was promised by Darren a 50 seater speed boat, Not the case they crammed 75 of us (not everyone had a seat) onto a slower boat, but the experience was outstanding to see 8 humpback whales - WOW!!ENTERTAINMENT-was excellent the guys during the day for activities were great fun and such a laugh, but if you said no they were fine and left you alone. BY Night the dancers were great and had a fun sense of humour too, in two weeks we never saw the same entertainment show. Well my friends and i were not ready to leave after two weeks and i say WE CERTAINLY HAD A BLOODY GOOD HOLIDAY, what more can you ask for CLEAN HOTEL FACILITES, SUN, SEA, SAND, FOOD, DRINK AND GREAT ENTERTAINMENT. Well done, a big hi to Emmanuel and Morales (Bar staff)  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful resort Just got back last night from a one week stay at the Sirenis Cocotal. I went with my 15 year old daughter and a friend of mine. We were very impressed with the facilities and the people. The food was plentiful and very tasty. None of us were sick and as far as I know no one else at the resortl was ill. The mosquitos were not a problem either. There is something for everyone there. We rented a couple of four wheeled dirt bikes and rode up the hillside and through a village. It was wonderful. Very fun and nice to see the countryside. My daughter fell in love with the staff at the resort. The animation (entertainment) crew were terrific. Very energetic and funny.  We will definetely go back.   
<Date>Feb 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a fantastic 30th birthday present My husband surprised me for my 30th birthday with two tickets to the sirenis cocotal beach resort for the 10th January 2005. I immediately checked out reviews for the hotel and was very disappointed with the slating the hotel got. (My husband even rang the travel agents to try to change the holiday.) We only went for 1 week and to be honest its a very long way to go for 1 week, but it was well worth it. The hotel rooms were spacious and cleaned every day and the grounds of the hotel were immaculate. The pool and poolbars were fantastic and so was the beach.  We are not really into the entertainment side, but there was other places to go to have a quiet drink. We did go on a couple of trips. We did a combination day in the morning the James Bond speed boat and snorkelling and in the afternoon the Party Kontiki boat which was excellent (steel bands, limbo,dancing and a Michael Jackson impersonater) we ended up getting off the boat very drunk!! I would definately recommend going on that. We also went swimming with the sharks and stingrays which was also a fab day out. The hotel is miles away from anywhere and they dont recommend hiring a car, not that you would want to!! so you have to go on the trips to see other places. The only down side to this holiday was the food was only average. The breakfast was delicious and the self service bars were very good, But the theme nights were not worth the queueing up for. The gourmet food was horrible, i had a overcooked lobster and had to pay $25! and they dont tell you that you have to pay for the wine.  We found the best theme was the mediteranian where i had lobster without having to pay extra for it! and the steak house was ok. Avoid the italian and mexican  all in all i would go back to this hotel, its great for families and its very relaxing for couples. We also found that the holiday rep for airtours was very helpful.   
<Date>Feb 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ab FAB !! I first went to Sirenis with my sister in September 2004 for her 21st birthday. We had a ball. There is not one bad thing i can say about this place. The staff, from gardeners and cleaners to the animations team and catering staff, are fantastic. So much so that we kept in touch, and have made some truely great friends. I loved the people and place so much that i returned, on my own for the xmas vacation. It is also a safe plave for people to holiday on their own. It was like seeing my family, obviously my friends who i talk to regularly knew of my return, but even those who did not, still recognised me months later. That says alot about their great attitude towards people.  If you want to dine in ball gowns, drink cristal chamapgne, and sit in a body wrap all day dont come to this resort. It is a place to meet people, guests are from all corners of the world, and all want to talk, meet new people, interact and have fun. There is plenty to do for the kids, and the evening theatre performances are fantastic. The dancers train all day and you can watch then practice too. !!  Each day there is loads to do, fun activities and plenty of laughs. You will find the following people in the following places, i cant name everyone, but these people have now become friends of mine and will make your stay a fantastic one. !  Samuel perez - guest service Jordan, christian, hose, jesus, toni, amauri, - animations Nicola and deni - kids club ... brill grils and kids love them ! Dehli, samantha and edison, yorkin, jiro, - animations dancers Delisse - restaurant ( she is also pregnant so you wont miss her )  Gilberto - Restaurant manager - usually mexican restaurant Daniel, estuban, alexis - bar men at swim up or lunch restaurant bars, these guys are great and will look after you and get anthing you need.  If you want to see the place go on the Saona island trip, this place is a small bit of heaven, you will know what i mean if you go. swim with dolphins in the sea, go to manati park, the safari day, all the trips are fantastic.  If you want to go on a horse back ride or a quad bike outing, go and see Jimmie or Raphael, they hang out by the beach towel hut. The comapny is called 4 Track Safari. These guys are great and will look after you and make you laugh. Ask for Jimmie and tell him INDI sent you, he'll know who you mean.  I cant say enough about this place, and they recovered really well after the hurricane hit them. I can see many changes, but it is still all good. The main thing about this island is that the people have such fantastic attitudes, so if you are british get rid of that stiff upper lip, chill out, and get into the dominican mind set. its one of the best things you can do. Make friends and love your time there, its what life is all about. !!   The rooms all have tv, fridge, ac, showers and bath, and maid sevrice is daily but at varying times.  If you want to contact me with any questions please feel free. My name is INDI and i hope you enjoy your stay as much as i have mine!    
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nadege
<Content>loved       me and elias from entertainment  
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't do it! My boyfriend and I have just returned from 2 weeks staying at Sirenis Cocotal Beach Resort. What can I say....? It was absolutley terrible! Do not go there! When we arrived I must say the first impression I got was that it was going to be wonderful, as the resort itself looks spectacular.We were in the middle of nowhere so you can't venture out at all! ( and the roads are terrible !!) When we got in our room I went to our balcony and we were facing an old derilicted building and overgrown bushes, it look really horrible. We had a leak in our bathroom also.We had only only been there for 2 days when our cleaner kept hassling us for money! She knocked on the door serveral times waking us up and at one point called me over and asked for money! I thought this was rude and unexeptable as this was supposed to be a 5 star hotel.We were told when we booked the holiday that our resort would be facing the carribean sea but it wasn't, it was the Atlanctic and was really choppy. The red flag was up most days so we couldn't go in.The animation team were great and tried really hard everyday to keep everyone entertained, although the shows were not that great they did work extremley hard. (Jesus and Elias were really friendly and fun)A large number of Portuguese people came to the resort beacuse of a radio station called CIRV FM and they overtook the place. We heard that most of the food and entertainment had been catered mainly for them! Not only did they have our 1 hour show to watch they had another show after especially for them that lasted for about 3 hours!! All in all this was a bad experience and we will not be returning. (oh and don't book with Airtours our rep was awful!)TRUE RATING: 3 STAR (If that!!!!)  
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>BRILLIANT HOLIDAY ONE OF THE BEST we stayed at this hotel in jan ,myself my husband and 2 kids ages 6 and 9 the food was lovely the service in the restuarant was excellant you did not have to queue for your meals we found the staff friendly the pool was amazing it went from the cocotol side right throught to the tropical side the cocotol side was the lively side the tropical side the peaceful side the staff at the swim up bars were really friendly the beach was nice some days it was very windy on the beach our room was ok nice and clean the weather was mixed while we were there we got one really bad day it rained for most of the day we did not bother with the trips as they were over priced the soana island trip is worth visiting we went there last year when we went to the south of the island but we paid half of what the reps wanted here the only downside is DO NOT GO WITH AIRTOURS they really do mess you about we thought we were going straight from manchester to la romana but when we got on the plane they said they needed to stop at canada to refuel so we ended with a 12 hour flight and on the way back when we were checking out they said the flight was delayed 4 hours which is fair enough but that 4 hours we had to spend in La romana airport which turned into 5 hours also we had to stop off at gatwick on the way home and get on another plane where we had to wait 2 hours so we ended getting home 8 hours later we would go back to this hotel but not with AIRTOURS  
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>1happytraveller
<Content>nice hotel or two.... Hi, I arrived at this hotel on the 10th January after a very long day of travelling. We booked this holiday with My travel flying from Gatwick - Manchester - La Romana, we were diverted to fly via Goose Bay Canada due to Extreme Weather conditions. We took off from Gatwick at 0730hrs (gmt)  arrived at the hotel around 9pm (D/R time - 0100gmt). I had booked extra legroom but would definitly book premair gold next time.The hotel is a good 4star A/I resort. It had all the facilities i wanted to make use off, from a extremely large pool, very nice sandy beach, lovely gardens, nice spa  gym area, great entertainments team keeping most people busy  the security was excellent. The restuarants were good, the buffet being our favorite, with the Gourmet restuarant being a close 2nd - the lobster was great but had to pay $25 to eat there. Our room was in block D/102. The room was very big, with tv  good storage area for clothes, also a very nice bathroom, decor was good  had a nice sized balcony. There were many watersports available if you wanted to make use of them. Beach/pool towels are provided, so you DO NOT NEED to take towels. The majority of the staff were polite (apart from the obnoxious staff member doing the resturant bookings on the sirenis cocotal side), and were on hand for whatever we wanted, when we wanted.We did several tours, i would recommend the monster truck safari, saona island, marinarium  hire a speed boat for a fantastic James Bond experience.I did read several of the reviews before going to this hotel, and i would definitly not put this resort as a Butlins in the caribbean (I have stayed at Butlins several times - has that review writer?). I did not suffer food poisoning during the two weeks that i was there.My only complaint was the amount of Portugese that arrived during the second week of our stay  a group of happy travellers - CIRV that did seem to take over the hotel  were up at dawn to reserve half of the beach  most of the sunbeds. Somehow they even got the hotel to change all the evening entertainment times. I would recommend this resort to anyone that wants a relaxing time in a very nice hotel in a quiet location on the Island - as there is nothing outside the hotel grounds, apart from a few shack shops along the beach. The shops within the grounds are expensive.This hotel is also part of a resort of two hotels in one, the Sirenis Cocotal  Sirenis Tropical Suites - both use the same facilities. Happy Holidays.Paul.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxing Beach Hols We went to this hotel from 3rd Jan 05 to 17th Jan 05. Very good. Very Clean, Food is good and there is quite a wide range of choice. Great Pools and the rooms are v clean. Staff are good apart from the bar staff who need a small tip sometimes to get your glass filled over and over again. The only bad point is to say that the roads esp to this hotel are very very bad so much so you do tend to take your life in your hands, and we were in a large coach. Apart from that would recommend those who want a relaxing beach holiday and nothing else. Evening entertainment ok. We would go back again.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't waste your money! I have been to resorts from a 2 star to a 5 star. This resort I would give a 1 star. I tried to get my money back when I finally got home. It was like being in a prison camp. I wanted to leave the first day I got there! My room, I am guessing, use to be some form of closet. The plugs were not adaptable to Canadian plugs, the bath water was yellow, the noise in the hallways at night was terrible. The beach had sticks all over it and the water had plastic baggies floating in it. The food was really bad. I lost 4 pounds while on vacation there! I guess the rice was okay, if you like rice 3 times a day. There is nothing to do there, and the side trips are a joke. Kaeioke is not my idea of night entertainment. We spent most of our time in the lobby, it was the only nice place to be. All in all, we had the worst vacation ever and could not wait to come home where it was clean and there was food worthy of eating!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Transferred hotels the same day My 3 year old and I just returned from Punta Cana. When we arrived at this hotel, we had to wait an hour to check in. After a 4 hour flight and a one hour bus transfer to this hotel, we were not very pleased.Once we finally entered the hotel room, we noticed that there was no hot water. When I notified the reception about this, they didn't do a thing. Also, they told me that someone would take my bags upstairs but no one did. So my daughter and I had to go downstairs to retrieve our bags. The hotel room looked more like a 3 star resort rather than a 4 and a half star resort as advertised in the Sunquest Brochure.The balcony had wooden bars spread 30 centimitres apart. Enough room to allow my 3 year old to go through. Luckily, there was a roof on the other end. The beach was a 10 minute walk from the hotel and the property was quite large that a child could easily get lost in it. I spent a total of 5 hours at this hotel and complained to the Sunquest Rep in the Dominican to transfer me immediately. I was fortunate to have been transferred to Punta Cana Princess which was the perfect resort for us. There were many Canadian tourists as well at this resort, unlike the other.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Been twice would go back again!! I have been to this hotel twice and found it absolutely superb, could not find any faults at all! Other people need to realise that when they go abroard they need to adapt to other countries cultures and then they would find far fewer problems.The room was clean and well maintained. There was maid service every day. The fridge was always well stocked, she even gave personal little touches like making the towels into swans etc!!!The choice of restaurants and standard of food was unbeatable. The food was always hot and very well presented. The serving staff were all very friendly and helpful.The grounds of the hotel were very very well maintained.Staff were working around the hotel grounds from about 5 in the morning cutting the grass and ensuring there were no leaves lying around etc.The pool area was fantastic, something for everyone. There was a deep pool if you wanted to swim, a lazy river for chilling, a shallow pool for children and also 2 swim up pool bars which i thought were brilliant!! You even get a freshly washed pool towel everyday!The beach was gorgeous, lovely soft sand and enough sun loungers for everyone. If you went for a walk along the beach the views were fantastic.The sea was sometimes a bit choppy but had loads of fun jumping around in the waves!!The entertainment was very good too, something for everyone. I personally enjoyed the casino and the nightclub where we went after all the other bars closed as it was open until 2am.All i can say is that i loved it so much i am going back for a third time next year!Also if people expect the standards, facilities and customs to be the same as they are at home.........then they should stay at home, simple!!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>angie_shad_1967
<Content>food poisoning just read a review about this hotel. me and my husband went for two weeks in november and all ive really got to say is its the WORST holiday ive ever had BUTLINS IN THE CARRIBEAN but the foods worst. ( i have written proof from enviremental health that i had food poisoning and it wasnt the mildest dose by any means) but ilness is a common thing there. And just before any one says its a third world country weve been to the dominican republic before stayed in a 3* hotel called the victoria hotel in purta plata and it was fantastic so before anyone books this hotel YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED. AS FOR THE REVIEW DATED 31/12/04 I THINK YOUVE GOT THE HOTEL NAME AND COMPLEX WRONG AS IT WASNT ANYTHING LIKE WHAT YOU WROTE.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>FABULOUS HOLIDAY Before we went on this holiday, we almost cancelled, due to some of the negative comments we had read on this website, thank goodness we didn't, as we have just spent the best new year there that we have ever had. Who are these people writing these negative reports, as everyone we spoke to at the hotel agreed with us, that the place is brilliant. We notice that most of the negative comments are from Canadians, and must admit that some of those we heard around the resort did not appear to be a group of happy chappies. They always seemed to want to moan about something. We would not generalise here, as we met some nice people from all nations including Canada.We travelled with our two daughters ages 11 and 9, and our only complaint was that we never seen them, due to the amount of activities being offered to them. We had to persuade them to even eat with us of a night time!The points which we were worried about were: 1) CONDITION OF ROOMS - We had a beatuifully clean room, overlooking the Ocean, (we had requested this by e-mail before we went and would like to say thank you to Javea for arranging this.) We did speak to one couple whose room was still damp from the hurricane, so it may be worth contacting the hotel before you depart. Maids kept it immaculate, producing fabulous works of art with the towells and bedding. Bathroom spotless.2) FOOD - Having travelled extensively, we found the food to be excellent, with the only problem being what to choose everynight as there was so much choice. Occasionaly an odd item may not be red hot due to standing on a buffet, but this is normal in all hotels, and the Sirenis provides a microwave which comes in useful for those wanting everything piping hot. Some of the comments from other users mystify me, as there was so much choice, I would defy anyone to find something they didn't like. Everything from carved meats, to Salmon Wellington, peppered beef, lasagne's, pizza's, salads, various veg and potatoes. Even my daughters who are extremely fussy were well impressed with the pasta bar, where meals are made to individual requirements, and the breakfast omellete bar. Of course for children there are also generous amounts of chips offered everynight.!! We were also impressed with the a la carte restaurants, although booking them at times proved to be difficult, due to the number of guests staying at the hotel for new year. I would advise booking them as soon as you arrive, although this may not be a problem if the hotel is not full. We ate at the steak house, the creperie, and the Mexican and were impressed with them all. Yes service may be a bit slow, but hey come on, your on your holiday, what's the rush? 3) SMELL AROUND RESORT. - Major concern before we went, but don't really know what the guests on this site are talking about. At it's worst there might have been a slight musty smell on one or two of the chairs at the back end of reception which we wouldn't have noticed unless the doom seekers on this web site had pointed it out! 3) SICKNESS AND MOSQUITOS- My husband got a grand total of three bites, the rest of the family didn't get any, hardly a health worry, although we did use plenty of mosquito spray before we went out of an evening, and used an electric plug in mosquito machine in the wall, which we left on by leaving a spare key in the electric slot. Also remember to take mosquito tablets before and during your visit. Husband was also the only one out of the family who had a mild upset stomach, but again this happens to at least one of us everytime we go away, so I certainly wouldn't blame it on the food, more than likely the change of climate, and rinsing toothbrushes in tap water etc.4) SERVICE- Friendly helpful staff on front desk and throughout the resort, who couldn't do enough for you, and were always ready to crack a joke. To those of you on this site who had a problem with staff, I would say maybe if you treated them with a bit of respect and friendliness and a smile, you might have experienced a different response. I found it utterly degrading and disrespectful seeing some of the attitudes of other travellers who seemed to think that the staff are there to be treated like servants.5) Beach and sea are on the Atlantic side, so water is choppy but beautiful and warm. Beach is beautiful and it was fun to talk to some of the Beach Sellers, particuarly Chippy Chippy! Yes they do pester you, but take it in your stride and enjoy the experience and culture. We had great fun just buying a snorkle. They're only trying to make living after all, and if you don't want to buy a firm no does the trick. We had a good look, but never ended up buying anything we didn't want.OTHER POINTS.To the Animation Team, - A Big Big Thank You to you all for making our holiday so special, you were fabulous. There is as much or as little going on as you want to do. You can choose to join in the fun around the pool, or just sit and Looky looky. If you want a peaceful day, just position your sunbed around the Tropical Side of the pool where things are quiter. The personality of these guys is incredible, they work long hours entertaining day and night, and never seem to get fed up doing so. The night time shows are a must for adults and children. They normally start at 10.00 and some of them are like watching west end shows. The talent of the dancers is second to none. Most of them must have been professionally trained and the Choreography and costumes used are incredible.Sunbeds - As hotel was at it's full capacity for new year, it meant the usual early morning rise to do the sunbed run, but I'm not sure if this would be necessary when there are fewer guests.New Year - If you are contemplating a new year break, then take it here. Atmosphere was fabulous, hotel excelled itself with Gala Dinner and excellent international show.FINALLY TAKE NO NOTICE OF SOME OF THE WHINGERS ON THIS WEBSITE, WE TRAVEL ABROAD TWO OR THREE TIMES A YEAR TO PLACES ALL OVER THE WORLD, AND IF YOU DON'T ENJOY YOURSELF ON THIS HOLIDAY, YOU WILL ONLY HAVE YOURSELF TO BLAME. IF IT'S NOT A 5 STAR HOTEL BY BRITISH STANDARDS, THEN IT'S CERTAINLY A 4 AND THREE QUARTERS!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic I am currently in the process of booking to go back to this hotel and I cannot believe the amount of negative comments that have been made. I feel that there must be an awful lot of people who are simply impossible to please.When we stayed in June 2004, we found that that the staff couldn't do enough for us. That goes for everyone from the maids who cleaned the rooms throughly every day, to the bar staff, dining staff and up to the staff on the reception desk. They were polite at all times and extremely helpful. We travelled independently so therefore had no travel reps to fall back on if things were not right. Everything was perfect. The beach was beautiful. The snorkelling was wonderful (take bananas out with you from the dining room), the fish love them!!!!! We spent hours feeding them.Everywhere was exceptionally clean and we could not complain about anything. The food was delicious. Having heard absolute horror stories on the plane home about illnesses in other resorts we were grateful to have stayed at the Sirenis.The marinarium is definitely worth a visit. We went twice it was so enjoyable. It was amazing to be able to swim with the sting ray and nurse sharks. Definitely an experience you won't forget. We went horse riding (located at the end of the beach). It was brilliant! We had a great time.At the end of the day, you have to make your own minds up about whether to visit or not, but as for this family, we would not hesitate to return!!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Well worth a visit We have just returned after spending 2 weeks at this hotel,we had a lovely relaxing holiday and our 9 year old daughter did not want to come home.I had some reservations about going here and very nearly cancelled after reading lots of negative comments on this site. Thankfully I did not and we went with an open mind to make this holiday as enjoyable as we could especially as we were away for Christmas for the first time.We have nothing but praise for the staff their they are very pleasant and courteous people who would do anything to help if they could. However this could not be said for some of the guests staying their who seemed to go out of their way to be rude and obnoxious.We had a lovely room with a fantastic view that was kept clean and well stocked with soft drinks,the air conditioning was on all the time as they provided us with an additional card.The facillities were excellent and the resort was kept clean and tidy.Our daughter attended the kids club every day morning noon and night and loved every minute of it, Anjelica,Nicola and Denny are worth their weight in gold and could not of been any better.We ate at the speciality resteraunts every night and found them all very good the food was lovely and the service good,a little slow but whats the hurry your on holiday.The beach was fabulous we got a good spot everyday and had no problems finding sunloungers. The walks up and down the beach were so relaxing and the scenery breathtaking. The beach hut vendors do hassle you a bit but it became part of the fun as they are all so friendly and only want to show you their gifts.There is so much to say about your own experiences and everyone is different and have different expectations but this resort is definately worth visiting. We went straight to the travel agent when we came home to look at booking next year, we would not go in the cocotal side next time as having our daughter in the same room in the bed next to us was not pleasant, the suite side have 2 rooms which i feel would be better.If i had to rate this hotel out of 10 i would give it 9 and would ban the french!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Ineedavacation
<Content>Had a great time I just returned from the Sirenis Hotel yesterday (Dec 23rd) after two weeks. I personally thought the hotel was fantastic, but I also acknowledge that it's geared towards families more than singles or adult couples.Having read 40-50 reviews prior to my departure I was concerned about many of the negative comments. The biggest complaints seem to be about the staff and the food. So although I was optimistic when I arrived, I was also prepared for an unpleasant experience. Thankfully none materialized. Not just for us, but we meant probably 5 other couples, most with children who had nothing but praise for the facility.In fairness to others, I should point out this was my first inclussive resort experience so my frame of reference isn't in relation to other hotels, rather it's based strictly on our experience and enjoyment of the trip.In general, if one wanted to find things to complain about they could. When we first arrived, we and other couple had difficulty finding out suite (H202 was ours) but we could have waited for the Bell boy since he arrived before we did. Our suite was clean and somewhat upscale. The room is fully tiled and can be slippery when wet. The water pressure on the 3rd floor was on the weak side and the fan was noisy to the point we had to turn it off, and it took three calls to actually get it looked at. And the elevators in most units didn't work. This was about all the faults we could find.The fan was no big deal really as the airconditioning is good and given the amount of people at the resort I wasn't too upset about having to press the issue regarding the fan.In terms of food. I thought it was very good. I can't even understand how you couldn't find something to like. The specially resaurants were also good although we avoided the Steakhouse as I read prior to arriving that they tend to over cook the steaks. This was confirmed by one person who ate there. However, it's also my understanding that many other hotels do too.We ate at all of the other specialty restaurants and found them good, although the service was slow at times. But having lobster as an option was more than we expected so I wasn't about to get bend out of shape over service.The pool was fantastic. It's large and the two resorts, (the Tropical being the other) are essentially laid out as one big hotel, so the pool winds into the two resorts. I have a six year old daughter and the pool was an important feature. Also important was the kids club. This two was fantastic as they would take the kids three times a day. 10-12:30, 3-5, and 7:30-9:15 and either eat with them, swim with them, or otherwise put on shows for the parents to watch. The shows were well done and the kids all seemed to really enjoy being on stage. However, I could see how someone wanting to be entertained by a gread disco or something similar would be disappointed.The beach was also good, as were the activities. The ocean was a bit choppy and it wasn't clear, but those weren't issues for us, but they could be for others. The sand was fine and as others have mentioned, it was golden rather than white but this is hairsplitting from my persective as the colour of sand is pretty low on my list of priorities. The Casino was a joke as I went there once, quickly lost $20 on slots and left. I had gone there hoping to play Texas Hold'em but they only had three tables for 21.My wife played tennis a couple of times, as well as vollyball and dancing leasons. All three of us did the water exercises on occasion.In terms of having access to nice tanning or shade locations, we never had any problems whatsoever, although the last two-three days was harder than the rest as the resort seemed to fill up near Christmas.We both personally thought the staff was friendly and we went out of our way to say thanks whenever possible and that seemed to be appreciated. I purposely wanted to show them respect given that we are in a third world country living the high life while they continue to work hard and smile.The country itself is somewhat disappointing in that many are so poor. It made discarding half a plate of food, almost criminal.Anyway, it's Christmas eve and since I received a lot of insight prior to my trip I felt it necessary to provide my opinion. In general I found it perfect for our particular desires and I wouldn't hesitate to go back and although I might not call it a five star hotel it's certainly a 4+ as far was meeting our needs were concerned.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>xxxpinkladyxxx
<Content>Lovely hotel, but a bit boring       Entrance to hotel  
<Date>Dec 21, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>smells like a 2 star ... Just got back from the Sirenis on Monday- flight with Sky Service was okay - a bit late departing from Punta Cana on the return, but otherwise uneventful. The hotel could be quite nice. It's not a 4 1/2 star property by any means - but the grounds are are well kept, the buildings are logically spaced out, and there's plenty of room for lots of guests. The food was bland and often cold. I had dinner at the 'steak house' one night, and barely ate any of my 'tenderloin.' I think someone forgot to turn the grill on ... the meat was served cold and gray - yuck.Travelling as a single woman, I never once felt unsafe or out of place.Most of the waiters were overamorous - and the pushy vendors on the beach were a bit too much ... but other than that I had no problems being alone at the Sirenis. I suppose I could have socialized if I had the energy - but I was there to sit on the beach, swim, read and relax. I didn't find anyone particularly rude - well except for the front desk staff - but I can't quite pin down what their poor attitude was stemming from. They could certainly all use some customer service training - or they should consider another line of work. The beach was lovely - very long, and great for walking - but the water was quite rough for the first few days. Don't expect turquoise water and white sand - this is the Atlantic, not the Caribbean Sea. The pool was great - very large, deep enough to actually swim in - pool bars never too busy - no complaints.  If you get a chance, make sure you use the facilities at the spa. There's a fairly decent gym, with new equipment, a large jacuzzi area, and a Turkish steam bath - all clean and great to relax in after a day on the beach. I had a lovely aromatherapy massage - $35 US for 45 min - and the treatment room was very nice - with flower petals and hibiscus blossoms on the massage table, incense and candlelight. They offer a full array of spa treatments, from pedicures to facials to body wraps- all reasonably priced. The only real complaint I have is the smell on the resort and especially in my room - a very potent mould smell. I thought the fella who said he and his girlfriend could still smell it after several showers was exagerrating - but I'm having exactly the same experience. My suitcases are out on the balcony, hopefully getting aired out before I go away for Christmas next weekend. I'm also hoping the smell will finally be out of my hair tomorrow - it's unbelieveable that it's still hanging on after 3 days ...I'm a travel agent, and I can't say that I would heartily recommend the Sirenis after my week there. It's a decent value if you book last minute, but with the wide array of great resorts in the Bavaro area - which is closer to the airport than the one hour plus transfer to the Sirenis - I would say spend a few more dollars and go somewhere else.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not a 4 star resort I did alot of searching for a vacation that I desperately needed. I checked out this site, and found that the majority of people thought highly of this resort. Were you all drunk! I honestly can't say I have much experience in travelling, but this was a disappointing trip. If Im ever lucky to be able to afford another vacation it would be by word of mouth. The resort was beautiful, they put my son and I in a suite. I found it to be very quiet, except for the staff in the early mornings making alot of noise. We had nobody behind us on the bottom floor and we had a view of the mountains. We had no air for the first two days, the reason was the maid kept leaving the patio door open which triggered a sensor for the air not to come on. Now for the maid, pleasant enough but not to bright. Our patio door was broken, she knew it but never reported it. On the second day we realized the problem and had her call it in for service. No one showed up, so lucky for us our sunquest vip got someone on it immediately. I have to agree with the other person in his or her comment about the smell. I can't seem to get the smell out of my clothes yet. Then there's the food, we had pasta and pizza every nite. The rest of it was, how would I say it YUCK! If you go bring some salad dressing, your salad will taste better. Mind you we did get two la-carte dinners. Italian not to great, but the mexican was good. Nite life, well let's see there isn't any. We found out late about the disco, but you had to purchase your own drinks. The staff put on skits, they tried and they did do their best. I don't drink so what to do but stay in your room and watch movies. Smoking there was terrible, even with everything being open. I also met some kind and wonderful people, they helped me with my shopping. A thank-you to the couple who went four wheeling with my son and took some great pictures of him for me. The beach was lovely but, where was the white sand and blue water? In my pictures they look no different than if I was here swimming in Lake Simcoe. There was lots of waves because of the high winds, which was great if you like windsurfing. If you do decide to go, remember to bring the neccesities along with you. Protein bars, snacks like chips, pretzels, peanuts, etc. because you won't get them down there without paying alot of money. Careful where you get your pecos from, the hotel charged me 22 pecos to one american dollar. I found out that the Riu was exchaning 28 to $1 and some places as high as 35 pecos. Then again it's easier to deal with the american dolllar than coverting. Overall I had no or minor problems with the staff. Latest news have to make sure my son and I didn't contact malaria while we were down there. How wonderful! Good Luck!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>weather was great, beach was ok met a couple of great people but thats about it Just returned from a week at this resort (Nov 23-30). This was our first trip to the Dominican having usually gone to Cuba. It was a fairly disapointing trip for several reasons. I specifically stated i wanted blue water and white sand, not at this resort hit Bavaro beach area for that. Beach was nice regardless and you could walk for miles once you got past the horrible beach vendors. water was nice and wavy with mostly a sandy base to walk on, the biggest downfall is you need to be up at the crack of dawn to get any of the beach chairs that sit up, most lie flat and there are no where near enough of them when resort is the full ! This is one HUGE resort and meeting people is almost impossible, you almost never see the same faces twice. The front desk staff are extremely useless just saying come back later so they don't have to be bothered with you. It took me 3 days to get an internet card and only then after causing quite a scene after being passed around from front desk to reservation desk one too many times. We never did get any reservations for any of the a l carte restaurants always booked up even after tryign the morning after landing yet others the same week just went in and sat down and got severed without reservations/ The biggest disapointement was this trip was it for my birthday they flat out refused to help out in any way with dinner reservations ordering a cake or anything, same for another couple traveling for her birthday the same day as mine. In Cuba you just tell them it is your b-day and they go out of their way to make sure you have the best seat in the restaurant, band playing cake etc... That was totaly unacceptable to me !!!Rooms are nice and kept very clean maids were always very friendly as were most of the staff with the exception of the front desk and some bartenders. The rooms are not exactly sound proof and unfortuneatly we had a couple from England above us that i swear were a heard of elephants!! they were that noisy especially first thing in the morning(6:30-7am).There also was some theft on the beach so don't leave anything about that you want to go home withThe biggest downfall to this resort was the amount ( over 80%) of the most incrediable rude obnoxious people from France i have ever met. They sure could use alot of lessons before travelling on how to have common courteously towards others!!!!!!!!!!They think nothing of literally shoving you out of their way so they can deal with their issues which certainly must be more important than anyones elses. I litterally got shoved back down the lobby stair case when a couple were coming down and i was going up, pretty sad considering there was no-one else about and it is over 30 ft wide !!This was the first trip i have ever been on when the whole bus leaving were all saying thank god we are not staying another week !!I would return to Bavaro beach area of the Punta Cana but certainly not to this resort nor would i recomend it to anyone unless you are prepared for the huge European clientel that have no manners  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cutieddpie
<Content>People are great Hotel needs help Stayed the week of Nov 18-25th 2004. Food at the buffet and pool house(only 1 open) ok, bland, salt,pepper and oil are choice of seasonings. Lots of cold cut meat and cheeses and they seemed to be used in everything (possibly being re-used) for many upcoming dishes. Drinks are good and plenty, very strong so if you like them weaker just ask! There was a shortage of $1.00 dollar bills, we couldn't buy any except from our tour planner and she would only give up $5.00 worth. English, esapnish and French are spoken at the resort. The Dominican people are fantastic and make you want to party. The pools and beaches were very clean. There were lots of unattractive naked topless woman and men in speedos around all areas of the pools including the children's area. Our hotel room was average....not by any means a 4+ resort. The water in our shower dribbled out, stains on the bathroom ceiling, cuboards not opening and no tv remote unless you went to the front desk. We rented a safe for $15.00 US and felt no fear what so ever at this resort at anytime. There are guards at either end of the resort and the front entrance with shot guns to keep the tourists safe. Weather was hot for 3 of the 7 days , 1 HEAVY rainpour(another hurricane) ha ha, and the rest was overcast but warm. Tours, Bavarro Runners was excellent and would do it a second time, we brought toys for the children at the village. Stay away from the Bavarro Treckers ATV quads, we had bald tires,m no brakes and had to constantly have th eequipment re-started......junk and $80.00 per person save your money. Sickeness, bring pepto bismal or imodium..$18.00 US bottle. We made the mistake of sharing ours with other guests who felt sick and we were both sick with vomiting and diahria by the 3 and 4th days. Lasted 2 days each. Kids, they have a great program and it runs every day. We took spanish lessons there and had a blast. Ocean is quite murky, hard to snorkle and the yellow flag was up 5 outta 7 days meaning use caution. There are tons of geckos and butterflys and awesome plants there. The roads suck, we were in a minor accident and our driver justr continued on. Lots of potholes, get the front of the bus if you can. No face cloths but huge big towels. Pay only 1/4 of asking price for any items. Santo Domingo is a dangerous place so use caution we were told. In all, we w2ould not return to this resort as everything was at least a 40 minute drive to any excursion. Plane trip home people were getting sick and using the bathroom non-stop...Malaria and E Coli warning from some other users. The Dominican People are beautiful, very happy and friendly. Hope this helps.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>At least the weather was nice Spent the last week of November at Sirenis Cocotal Beach Resort with my girlfriend. The resort itself was decent. Weather couldn't have been better, one day of rain, but thats okay. But I wish I could say the same about the staff. The staff at this resort needs a good lesson on Customer Service. For the most part they had an ignorant attitude about them. Whenever I'd ask for assistance at the front desk, whether it was to obtain an internet access card or just to get some information nobody would offer me any help. They would just pass me onto another person who knew less than them, and didn't really care for serving their customers. The cleaning staff was very slow and never came to our room at the same time, one day they showed up at 5:00pm, when we had just returned to our room from being out at the beach all day. So naturally, this was a very late and inconvenient time to show up. The food was very bland, boring, and around not very good. Not very much variety. We got very sick of this food, even the steak house restaurant was not good food. One day we showed up to the main buffet restaurant at 10am, when breakfast was supposed to be just finishing. The lady at the door told us they were closed and to come back in another 20 mins and they would be open. It wasn't until after 1pm that they opened up again. Once again, customer service prooved to be horrible. It was almost as if the staff are trying to stress out the customers by giving then attitude. There was this mouldy smell throughout the resort, everywhere you went. Which we just passed off as being from the climate in DR. Well, when we arrived back in Toronto and had a shower, we noticed that this awful smell stuck to our hair and skin, even after washing our clothes you can still smell it. Its been 5 days since being back, and about 7 showers later and I still can smell it.I wouldn't recommend this resort to anyone, if you have a trip booked here, cancel it. From the very poor customer service, poor food, and horrible stink this place isn't worth $10. The weather was great though! and so was the company!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2004
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okay, but some concerns Just returned from a week one visit to the Sirenis Cocotal Resort.The resort itself was beautiful....pool area and beach were wonderful.Did have some concerns about the resort:-food was horrible at the buffet. Same food, and no flavour. Dined at the Steakhouse, Italian and Meditterean restaurants, all of which were very good. -service was very slow at the resort. Would often wait an entire meal before a drink was served-as this is a family resort, was not impressed with the topless bathers around the pool. The resort handbook says it is not permitted, but I never saw anyone enforcing thisWhile I had a great time with the family, I would not return to the resort.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>brilliant time had by all Just returned from two weeks at the sirenis. Went with my boyfriend and another couple, it was their first time in the D.Republic and they were amazed at the beauty. Most shocking for them was the high standard of this hotel and the quality of everything there, they were especially amazed with the food and the drinks being free flowing as this was their first all inclusive. Go to the steak house and pizzeria. the chinese mexican and creperie are not so good but the buffet is great for food options. If you fancy and extra special treat pay the $25 to go to the giardanetto it is great.While we were there we enjoyed some trips, highly recommend going on the monster trucks,saona island, and especially the JAmes bond aquatic experience this is amazing. We also went on the helicopter ride which i would recommend you see the hotel and surrounding area from a birds eye view and then shoot along the beach at low level at around 130 mph, absolutley brilliant. Overall the holiday was a huge success, my boyfriend gained his PADI scuba diving certificate while out there which has been his ambition to do for a while.The reviews for this hotel are not always great but i recommend you make your own judgements, this is my second time here and it just gets better.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC...GO GO GO GO       fantastic family pool  
<Date>Nov 13, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!x! 10/10 - no regrets!x! Well what more can i say, it was the best experience ever! we loved every minute of the holiday, and the only regret we had was coming home!It was a massive resort, loads to do for the kids and the adults, definatly suitable for everyone. the atmosphere was superb, as we arrived they welcomed us with a drink and showed us to our room. the cleaners came everyday. the rooms were exellent sized, air conditioned and several fans about. There was entertainment on everynight so you can garantee not to be bored.there was so much to do, and its right next to the beach. The food was nice, not much of a variaty but it was decent. 2 pool bars which was great and with all the things to do:water arrobics, sailing, banana boats, or just to relax!!! we went for 2weeks in 2003, the best holiday i have ever been on, 10/10 in every asspect. and not a word bad to say! i hope this has helped in chosing your holiday and i hope you have as much fun as we did! and also the suites are absolutly fantastic!!! No regrets!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kinoxl
<Content>One of the best times ever. Awesome, really excellent hotel. From service to rooms, to overall apperance of property. Many hard working people kept the grounds immaculate. The grass looked like a gold course, beach was perfect. Food kept impressing us each night with the selction and variety. And the specialty restaraunts were great as well. Only down side, lots of foreign people who did not speak english. Alot of couples, not the hook up sot we had hoped for. Tipped the maids $2 each day and they made our beds, cleaned up our shoes and gave us bigger pillows. Great for any couples, not really single guys.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The people are awesome I returned from a two week stay to the DR on the 21st September and had a fantastic time for the first week. The place looks fantastic as you approach and checking in was easy and fast. There were plenty of bell boys on hand to take your luggage from the coach to reception, and then onwards to your room. Our room was extremely clean and was pleased to see we had some air conditioning and soft drinks available in the mini bar-ideal!I am quite a traveller even at the tender age of 21 and know that you should never expect too much from anywhere but i was pleased to say that i was extremely satisfied. We stayed in G block which is quite a convenient location as it is directly between the pool and the restaurant. The restaurant is fantastic with such an array of food,i am annoyingly such a fussy eater but i was amazed at how good the food tasted, Yes there was chips and rice every night but what other accompaniment do you expect with food, caviar? I ate so much and being a tiny size 6, i still managed 3 helpings for lunch and dinner! The waiters immediatly fetch chilled water to your table and take your drinks order and your plates are never left empty infront of you for long. The pool and beach is fantastic, and the pool bar is excellent, i recommend the tequila sunrise, the waiter makes it perfecto! Some advice for the watersports enthusiasts, if you havent tried these before then i suggest the lessons they give at 9am every morning. My boyfriend and i tried kayaking and failed miserable, ending up back on the beach in 2 minutes. The sea is choppy but i also can't kayak! It is a very quiet resort yes but the Carribean is full of laid back charm so don't be snobby and expect people to fall over themselves, if you want that try Sandals! A few dollars do go a long way! I mentioned the holiday was fantastic for the first week only due to Hurricane Jeanne, which was no fault of the hotel, that is an issue i have with My Travel but i will say this; some of the hotel staff lost their homes and while all the guests were sat down moping about going home they were all keeping us entertained at all hours of the day; now if that isn't customer service for you then i dont know what is!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Amandat60
<Content>MY WONDERFUL TRIP TO SIRENISSSS A Year ago today,September 17........ I was in Sirenis Cocotal Beach R. for 2 weeks. The food was great,but sometimes repeated. There's 2 buffets,they're the same.Just one is on the Cocotal side and the other is on the Tropical Suites.The buffets would fix up beautiful shapes,animals with fruits.Very nicely done. Everyone that worked there were just ALWAYS happy,ALWAYS smiling,and ALWAYS with an 'Hola!'.Everyone was just very friendly,kind and helpful.Ofcourse, they didnt' speak very much english,but they tried.ALTHOUGH WE ARE THE TOURSITS IN THEIR COUNTRY,WE SHOULD TRY TO SPEAK THEIR LANGUAGE! But they spoke alot of languages,like German,Dutch,Italian and many more. The animation team was GREAT! They're also very friendly and always trying for you to come and play games with them! Few animators were Carmen[Electra] {they match up their First names with a Celebrity Last name},Marcos [Polo],Ricky [Martin],Robert,Roberto Anthony,Jesus,Naomi [Campbell],Manuel,Jos茅 Manuel,Angelika  Mimi[with the KIDS CLUB],Condolito,Gonzalo,Denise,Alexandra,Elvy,Gernando and SO MANY MORE.I just love them all. I had a blast with them.They are all VERY GOOD LOOKING ! ! ! They flirted so much! WOW! LOL. They worked very hard for the shows at night,and some of them didn't even have time to rehearse the shows.Everyone at the resort was up just SUPER early,and were in a good mood,or pertended to be.LOL.Although sometimes the shows were very 'Amataurish'[Stupid].Few nights,the shows were Dancing,CATS broadway show,Micheal Jackson Show[Very Well Done!],the shows were alot with the audience,and many more.Watching them rehearse in the daytime is also fun to watch,but it spoils the fun for the night,although they change it up alot for the night and add things. A few games, and lessons they had were,Spanish Lessons,Archary  Shooting[which they took you away,out of the Hotel],Aerobics in the pool and on the beach,pool games,Ice Breakers[games before the shows start at the Show{hut}],theres a Disco[not that great,lol.],and many other games. It didn't rain at all,except for 2-3 times,and it didn't last long at all.It would lightning at thunder and rain hard,but it would last for about 15-30 mins,then it was clear to start TANNIN AGAIN! It's hot,yes,but there is always a breeze which was GREATT ! The water in the ocean,was beautiful,really. The resort is huge,and beautiful.Also for the Lobby.I was in the block J. Each block had 2-3 floors,and the ones with 3 had elevators.I was on the Beach View. The rooms were very nice,also for the bathrooms.With Granite tops. At Night,WARNING, BRING BUG SPRAY !! The mosquitos,are literally out to get you! The hotel song,is wonderful. It was my first resort when they had a very nice song.It can be found on the Sirenis.Com site. Remember,for the days you are there,all you will hear will be; PROBLEMO PROBLEMO[Tourista],CATASROPHICO,CLAPPI CLAPPI,DRINKI DRINKI,NON RUMPI BUMBI, song ''YOU FEEL IT YOU FEEL IT ITS BURNING ITS BURNING HERE WE GO NOW HERE WE GO NOW CON LA PALMA CON LA PALMA I LOVE MY JOB !'',I Love My Job. ITS A GREAT PLACE. I REALLY WANT TO GO BACK. I LOVED IT. WORDS CANT EVEN DESCRIBE RIGHT NOW. I TRULLY MISS SIRENIS. Everyone,ofcourse has diferent experiences with it.But maybe I wouldn't exactly rate it a 5 star,but definitly a 4 and a half.  ................ But today, September 17 2004, Sirenis Hotel got hit with a Tropical/Hurricane Storm called Jeanne. The resort is ruined. The waves/ocean reached the pool. The pools are flooded with sand. The palm trees are down,all the huts are also ruined.The winds almost reach 100 MPH.  Please, we pray for all these people suffering right now and the people stranded with nothing at all at the Dominican Republic. We all remainded mouths opened when we heard the news of Sirenis. We are devestated with losses, and the loss of OUR hotel. We Pray Thank-You  
<Date>Sep 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely resort with friendly staff. Just came back from 1 week all-inclusive at the Sirenis Cocotal and I must admit that it was much better than what I had in mind. I'm going to be honest with everyone and tell you that this is my first all-inclusive, so I might not have lots of base for comparison, but if you're looking for a place to mostly relax and have fun, this is a good place to go. If you're the party type with a huge appetite for night life, this might not exactly be the place. The entertainment crew was really friendly and fun to hang out with, keep an eye out for Jordan (Jose) and Babyface. As for the food, I must admit that it is not exactly the best food that I had before, but you won't go hungry for sure. If you want to go out of the resort, try the Marinarium. It might be a little bit pricey at 75U$, but I feel that it was well worth it. In terms of the restaurants, Mexican and Steakhouse is a must, but the Meditaraneen can be skipped. As I mentioned previously, there is not much night life going on, but the shows that the entertainment crew put on is actually quite funny from time to time. The buttom line is, I would definetely recommend this resort to my friends :)If you have any questions about the resort, you can email me at peter_quach88@hotmail.com and I'll be more than glad to share my experience with you.Have a nice tripJacky Chan (Nickname given to me by Jordan)  
<Date>Sep 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good bits, bad bits. Tedious flight from the UK - 12 hours in all from Gatwick after stopping at Manchester to pick up our Northern contingent. The airport was no worse than we had anticipated and after collecting our luggage and parting with US$30 at Customs it was on to the bus for a 90 minute rollercoaster ride into Punta Cana - bit like Paris/Dakar but with a merengue soundtrack!!Check in was efficient with complimentary drinks and we were soon on our way with the bellboy hot on our heels with the bags - worth every dollar just to watch him lose to two 25kg dive bags, a buggy and a suitcase the size of a coffin!Very pleased with our room - spacious, air con, satellite tv and a non alcoholic mini bar. Our room was kept spotless the entire time we were there with flowers and some of the maddest towel 'sculptures' I have ever seen - again, worth a couple of dollars. We were in Block L so nice view, close to the beach, dive school and pools. The walk back to the main reception and bar area probably took five to ten minutes but hey, who's rushing you're on holiday right.We ate in the buffet every night as it suited our rather disorganised approach to timekeeping ( that and a 4yr olds idea of what time tea time is! ) and I can honestly say that I didn't eat the same thing twice in a fortnight. Now I'm no all inclusive expert but I wasn't disappointed with the food, quality or quantity. The only drawback seemed to be with the waiter service as it seemed to diminish from week 1 to week 2 to the point where we had to mug the waiters for a couple of beers or a jug of water.We spent our days around the pool where we were more than happy to let our 4yr old loose with all the other children. There were a few cases of ear infections among the kids which, apparently was due to the alcohol content of the pool - that's the problem with pool bars I guess and I guarantee you will pick at least a dozen discarded plastic cups out of the water during your stay. We used to drop the pool guy a few dollars a day and he would keep our beds and umbrella for us until the following day ( no getting up at 6 in the morning to put your towels out! ). It was not particularly busy when we were there so I don't know if you'd get away with it in peak season. The only downside was that our second week was designated refurbishment week for one of the poolside restaurants which had the roof ripped off and replaced - not a massive inconvenience as the other restaurant was only seconds away but annoying all the same.Entertainment was, on the whole, very good for both the adults and children alike. On the nights we sat and watched the shows it was all pleasantly enjoyable if a bit like Butlins. Even the kids disco was bearable for the adults, more than ably assisted by the four finger measures of spirits from the bar just outside the door - just remember to get the 'under the counter' stuff.Our little boy was less than impressed with the kids club and to be honest the crowd of kids around the pool seemed to be having a better time on their own than those that were in the kids club.If you fancy doing some scuba diving while you are here then I recommend that you try to get to Catalina Island - Manuel from the Pro Dive on-site school takes the bookings and will be able to cater for all your diving needs from try dives to full on certification if you wish.All in all we had a great holiday here, we met some fantastic people - both guests and staff. Weather was great ( listen, when you come from England even warm rain is good! ).I know there are some complaints about this resort but to be fair any issues we did have were dealt with with the minimum of fuss. If your everyday life leaves you with such high expectations from your holiday the you are very lucky - I certainly don't eat  drink as well or live in such beautiful surroundings at home. As for the language not everyone in the world speaks English and I'm sure it wouldn't hurt for us to learn a few words of Spanish. Go here, enjoy it for what it is and forget that you've got to go back to work for a couple of weeks. Adios.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not what expected August 2004My Fianc茅 and I just returned from visiting the Sirenis Cocotal Beach Resort and are glad to be home. This resort was nothing like we expected. We read several reviews after we had already booked our reservations some good and some bad but decided to give it the benefit of the doubt and not cancel. Looking back I wish we had at least changed resorts before traveling to the Dominican Republic. The Island was very beautiful, crystal clear water, great weather and that's about it. We are avid travelers and have always enjoyed each adventure except for this one. It started out really great - we met some fun people at the airport (staying at a different resort of course - The Paradisus - they said it was Awesome) anyway we made it to Punta Cana airport and easily made it through and received our luggage very quickly, we were impressed. We found the bus that would shuttle us to our hotel and were greeted with a warm welcome by a couple of young men working for the agency we booked with. So far so good... the bus ride to the resort was not the best but the gentlemen made it fun, they were very friendly and spoke broken English but good enough to understand. They told us our hotel was far out and that it would take over an hour so if we wanted they would stop along the way for beer, rum or bathroom breaks. This was great because we were in the mood to start our vacation; we stopped for beer and then another stop for rum (Mamajuana) - make sure you ask about this rum to find out the story behind it. Anyway after two shots of Rum we loaded back on our bus and eventually made it to our resort. I didn't notice the potholes or the driving since I was feeling pretty good, (wish I had drank the rum on the trip back to the airport). Finally we pulled up to the Resort, it was very nice, beautiful landscaping, well kept grounds, and we were ready to relax. We get checked in, we had upgraded to an Ocean View room when they told us which bldg we were in they began to laugh. I know why now because it was in T close to the beach but so far away from everything and there was no other transportation other than your feet at this resort. Oh well no problem because I like being close to the beach. We get to our room and open the door to find a mess. Our room wasn't clean - no big deal, the maid was right there and she said she would clean immediately. We left our luggage and were starving so walked around looking for some food. Only one snack place was open at this time - 3:00 pm. It looked like it had been left out since noon. I ate french fries. Okay not the way I wanted to start out - finally 1 hr later our room was clean but with no bed covers or wash cloths. Finally got those and rested. It just got worse from there our room was cleaned everyday by the same maid and she wasn't very good, nice but not good. It was never done at the same time, it seemed as if anytime we were ready to get out of the sun - she was in the room. One day no toilet paper was left (which we definitely needed) and towels she used to clean were left in our room, along with trash. She never refilled our refrigerator. It became very annoying. The worst thing had to be the food and customer service - I ate bread and french fries most of the time because that was the only thing that my taste buds would allow me to keep down. However one night we went to The Gourmet restaurant. You have to pay $20 US dollars each to eat there - we thought, it should be good. We were wrong, it was the worst meal we had. One night was included in our upgrade so luckily we did not have to pay for it. Our glasses always sat empty at least 5 minutes before we finally were able to flag someone down for a refill. It was like this at all the reservation only restaurants. The Mediterranean and Italian Restaurant had the best food we thought but still with poor service. Half way into our trip we wanted to leave but stuck it out. This will be a vacation I will forget as soon as I finish this review along with a letter to our travel agency. If you want to go to a resort with nothing to do but sit at the pool or beach all day with minimal water activities than this resort it great but don't expect any shopping or site seeing unless you want to spend all day on a bus. One day a lot of time was spent in the bathroom so take some Imodium AD or Pepto and I didn't drank any water or did I brush my teeth in it so not for sure what happened. It was just a bad vacation and actually a little stressful because we were surrounded by rude people, I won't mention their nationality. Finally Friday and time to go home... YEAH.... we almost didn't make it because I thought our driver -same as before was going to crash our van. He was driving 130 KM approx. 80 mph, I'm surprised this van went that fast. It was way to fast for the dirt roads we were on, it was 2 lanes and he made it three, anytime we passed a motorcycle, mule, person walking, I thought we were going to hit them because he came so close. Another couple that arrived and leaving the same time as us were sick and this ride was making it worse. They too had a bad time and were really upset. All in all I will never return to this resort, maybe one day we will get back to the DR but probably not. The worse things again at this resort were the Food and Customer service, which to us is very important. One other note - we found only a few people working there that spoke any english. But just as we did anyone who reads this should form his or her own opinion just do some serious checking into this resort before making your vacation reservations.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved this hotel!!! fantastic!!!! the sirenis cocotal beach resort, is fantastic, food was great, i only went for a week with my friend she is in her 30's and i am in my 20's. the entertainment staff were fantastic especially babyface, ronal, jesus  joshua. the shows were great, it ranged form cats, to lots of dancing shows and competions. we played darts on the beach and my friend won a trophy and t-shirt for coming 1st.this hotel is 1st class. DON'T LISTEN TO ANY OF THE BAD REVIEWS they obviously dont go on holiday to have a good time, it is wot you make of the holiday. i will definately be visiting again!!! as i work for a travel agents i do recommend the hotel to all my customers  
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good 4 a week. Not 5* Very impressed on arrival. Downhill after that. Food the first week was reasonable but they did not seem able to cope with the influx of guests the second week. Service in buffet restaurant was very poor. Too many guests for the size of the restaurant. Evening entertainment was just about non-existant, they only had a show for one hour a night following Bingo and Kids disco. Shows were very repetitive (ok if you enjoy watching dancing).Not much for teenagers except daytime activities.Hotel itself was very clean and well kept. Staff spoke little English. Didn't feel that this warranted a 5* rating.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Natalie24
<Content>Fabulous Visited Serenis in July for 2 weeksI would just like to say what must people want and expect if they think the Serenis is a bad resort.I have just returned from two weeks at the Serenis Cococtal Beach resort and had a fantastic time. We flew from Manchester to La Romana with My travel, and the flight was 8 and half hours long, but it was comfortable. We arrived at La Romana and just walked into the visa check where we bought our tourist cards for ten dollars, this was quick process and we just had to fill them out and hand them in to get our passport stamped, we then went through to the luggage hall where our luggage came out straight away, so we was in there for about 2 min then it was off to find our rep. While on the walk to the coach we though we had done well not letting any of the porters take our bag as it was only a short walk, but when we were only a few feet from our coach someone asked for our coach number then took our bags to put them on the coach. At first we thought this was the driver but when he had put them on the coach, he was asking for money! The drive to the hotel is quite long, it took about 1 and half hours and you can see how the Dominicans live, and for the last half an hour the roads are very bumpy!!When we arrived at the serenis resorts it was about teatime, we were given a free drink on arrival while we checked in, the bellboys get all your luggage off the coach and into reception where once you have checked in and been given your stickers, you stick these on your luggage for the bellboys to bring to your room, ours took about ten minutes after arriving in our room to come to us. We had requested a high floor room and a sea view room but unfortunately we did not get this, so we just went back to reception to explain and they said we could change rooms the day later, which would have a sea view, we did this and ended up with a lovely room with a lovely view of the sea and all the palm trees. The next night we returned to our room and there was fruit basket waiting for us which we thought was very nice, we dont know exactly what it was for, as there was a little note with a heart on it saying all the best, we figured this must be for honeymooners, which we were not. But my partner ate it anyway!!The Beach is lovely, not white sands and turquoise waters but still they are both very clean, the beach is cleaned on regular basis, and if you walk either side of the resort up the beach you will see how clean it is. The pool is massive with all different depths, and the swim up bar is very appealing. We never had a problem finding any sunloungers, but if you wanted ones with shade, there are only a few and are always taken first so I guess you would have to get up really early for them. There are watersports on the beach that are free, but you do need to have lessons to learn how to do some of the activities.The food was very good, always have a good choice of things. The breakfast had tons of choice, from continental, cooked English, and pastries and pancakes, they also had different varieties of cereals. There was also a grill that made fried eggs and omelettes to your fancy while you wait. The dinner and tea where very much the same always with chips, and various other meats and fish in different sauces, and different varieties of rice. There was a pasta station cooking various types of pasta and making the sauces and fillings to your choice, there was a grill that had burgers, sausages, steaks and chicken, a station that had someone carving different types of meat, such as roast chicken, rack of lamb etc., and on various nights they did specialities such as Chinese, Spanish and Dominican.The bars all had very nice staff always with a smile and sometimes were totally mad and would start singing and dancing. There was a wide range of cocktails, alcoholic and non-alcoholic, but beware the measures are very large and the drinks can be very strong. They also have all the name brands such as baileys, martini, but they are under the bar and as long as you ask for them they will give it to you.The entertainment at night was always something different but nothing really took our fancy so, we spent most of our nights sitting round the bar area, and on several occasions we went to the casino, we which found fun, there are quite a few slot machines and blackjack and roulette tables.The Weather was great throughout, although it was rainy season when we went we only had one bad day out of 14. It did rain late at night at lot, but that didnt affect us, so we weren't bothered by it.While we were there we booked with our travel rep, My travel, to go on two different trips. The first being the island Saona trip. We found this trip really enjoyable and loved every minute of it. You went on a catamaran out to the island which took about 2 hours, we then had time on the beach to ourselves, which was perfect white sands and turquoise clean waters. We also had a barbecue on the beach, all drinks and food were included in the price. We then went by speed boat to the natural swimming pool were everybody jumped off the boats and the water was only upto our knees even though we were in the middle of the 2 islands, and there was also starfish all around which could be picked up. We then went back to the dom. rep by speed boat and only took about 15 minutes. Once back we could buy some Dominican rum that had our picture on it that they took at the beginning of the day. The second trip was the calypso boat were we could go snorkelling. We had booked it for one day and 2 hours after the specified pick up time we were still waiting. After seeing our rep, she had said someone was supposed to tell us that it had been cancelled from our hotel as we were the only people on it that day. In the end she got us booked for another day and gave us a refund for 1 person. On the second day we were to go on it, again we waited for a hour to be picked up but never was. Our travel rep said she would give us a full refund and something extra for the trouble that was caused. However, she didn't end up giving us anything extra just our money back.On our return our flight was delayed, but they told us before we left for the airport, so that instead of spending hours in the airport, we got to spend it in our hotel with all the free drinks and food. When we got to the airport we went to find our bags but one of the porters had already taken them off, he took them in for us all the way to where the queue was, but when he stopped he was looking in our hands to see if we were going to give him a tip, we did but we thought that was a bit rude. While at the airport everybody on our flight was given 8 dollars to spend for food as the flight was delayed. When we got on the plane 4 hours delayed we were told that we had to stop off in Venezuela to change cabin crew, that took two hours. Our flight was also a London Gatwick/Manchester, originally it was supposed to go to Manchester first but because of they delay they decided to go to Gatwick first. We eventually got back to Manchester 9 hours later than we were supposed to!!Overall we had a wonderful holiday, our stay at the Serenis was fabulous and I would advise anybody to go there as it truly was a 5 star hotel!!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the worst 'all inclusive' resort in punta cana! This resort could not get any worse! Four teenage friends and I had the worst vacation imaginable. The rooms had major problems. For example, the air conditioner leaked onto the tile floor (which causes it to become very slippery),the shower head turns off sporadically,the ceiling fan makes noise, and the tv does not come with a remote!The service is worse then the rooms. None of the workers speak english.(talking to the workers is like talking to a wall)  The all inclusive deal is really not all inclusive. The drinks at the disco are not free and one of the resturants cost $20 each person. The resturants are by far the worst part of this resort. The food is inedible and the waiters are extremely stupid. We asked for bread and the waiters saidThe bread is over there and pointed to the other side of the resturant. the food is usually prepared during the day and when you order it they put it in the microwave and serve it to you on an extremly hot plate.  There is never enough beach chairs on the beach nor at the pool. You must wake up ridiculously early and go reserve seats to be able to sit by the beach or the pool. The buffet near the pool is atrocious. They have flys flying around the food and when it rains it goes right through the straw roof.  The alcholic beverages were cheap brands of alcohol called Normandy. If you would like a more well known alcohol, you must ask for it and they will take it from underneath the counter. The bartenders are amatuers and dont know many cocktails. Overall the resort is a mess. They need to teach the workers some english and stop hiring retards as their staff. I give it one circle because there isnt a zero circle. I defintly advise you to go to Iberostar because that is where you can the best vacation possible.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poor Customer Service One frustrating week!! My self my wife and my daughter had planned to rest and relax for a week, but the staff at Sirenis had other plans. 2 hrs to get our room, then we get it and it is not ready. When they get it ready, they leave one towel for the three of us. We call down, two hours later we get another towel. We advised the maid that we should get three for the next day. The next day we get one towel and our access key is removed from the power box leaving the room with no power. We call down, an hour later the maid comes by, gives me a towel and with some fuss returns my key telling me to save energy. Next day...same thing. I call down they tell me to go by and they'll give me another key. After borrowing a towel from another guest, I make my way down I get another key from the front desk and I am further reminded that I should save energy. As it happened I ran into the Sunquest representative who immediately called to rectify the problem. Next day I get no towels. I think this gives everybody an idea as to what the rest of the week was like. The bottom line is the resort was very nice but there is a serious problem with the way vacationers are treated. As a result I STRONGLY DO NOT RECCOMEND this resort to anyone especially given that they claim to be a 4+ stars hotel.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beyond all expectations Let me set the scene, fourteen 18 year olds wanted a break in the sun. This hotel was the cheapest we could afford. When we arrived at this hotel, after a 11 hour filght and a two hour transfer this resort had to be amazing. And boy was it. driving up to the resort with a row palm tree's either side and a beautiful entrance. Our group were amazed. Signing in wasn't a problem even though we didnt speak spanish (it does help on the holiday) when walking down to your rooms, your greated by a lovley lake of fish and flamingo's. It soon hits you that you are actually in the caribbean. Each and every bar are very nice and serve a great range of drinks, but beware for young english drinkers, they put a hell of alot alcohol in your drink, so dont drink to quickly. The staff are very friendly and if you tip the waiting staff your drinks will be constantly topped up, whether its one or fourteen drinks!! The people at this hotel were all great the children are polite and no one seems to get in anyones way.The beach is gorgeous and must be a big attraction for people thinking about coming, its paradise, clear water hot sand and loads of it, you can walk for miles in the beautiful sand, but you do get pulled into the shop's if you walk to high up. The shop's are all alike with there products, but for $7 for 200 fags, its worth going in, but be prepared to haggle for a bit, never exept any price they give you, set your own and stay by it! not sure if its a good idea for young children but quad biking was brilliant, a big eye opener! get taken threw the country side and threw the shanty towns, could say it was very educational, the races we had along the back tracks werent though:)The pool was great and so big, i will never know why people get upset if young children splash people, your in a pool! we didnt mind, its so nice to chill in a pool with a beer (english sterotype) the pool bar is great and the sun was amazing! dont go to the weather report site as its rubbish, i was predicted four days of scattered t storms?? 6 out 7 days were 90+f and my tan proves it!!The night life isnt for people who want ibiza holidays but for laid back drinking its good! the family shows were entertaining and the casino was expensive (for me!!) but gave you another option! yanks are too lucky though!! you need to know your games before getting there as no card dealers speak any english! and play in peso's its much cheaper, also the exchange rate for peso is much better in the casino then reception (43 peso to the $, were as 37 peso to the dollar $ in reception) The food, repetitive, no. good yes. The food here is very good we ate in the buffet resturant every night as it was very good. The main meat was varied every night, and the pasta was excellent. To prove the food was good not one of our fourteen got ill! All in all, if you come away from this hotel and dont like it, what do you like. A holiday is what you make it, and in this hotel you can make it what you want. It was the best holiday and the most amazing hotel i have ever visited and ive been to three other all inclusive 5*'s in, turkey, egypt, and ibiza. This hotel was by far the best!!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best experience My parents and I just came back ( 15th July'04) from our trip to Sirenis cocotal beach resort. We were very happy with our holiday, we had the best time! I loved everything there, the food, the atmosphere, the beach , the entertainment and lots more.   We were very amazed how beautiful the resort was, and how nice the people were. We enojoyed the water fountains and flamingos as we walked to the beach. The people were nice.I had the biggest experience there, when my father and I went out of the resort to the Marinarium, we swam with sharks and rays, its a must if your adventurous, courageous, and a little crazy. That was a fantastic experience.  We went to a few restaurants other than the buffet. We tried Mediterranian, it was okay, but service was not that good. We also tried Mexican, it was excellent, if you like Mexican food like me, you will like it.  We went to the beach a lot, and spend time there instead of the pool area, we don't understand why people sat under a hut near the pool area, when there is a beautiful beach with golden sand with torquoise waters. We loved the beach, and I miss it! Near the beach there are some stores on the left and on the right. We tried going on the left and they seemed alot more desperate. We went over to the right and bought a few things, and got free necklaces. I tried a few of the dances on the beach, my mother loved them, it was great excercise.  The night entertainment was fun. They had a different show on every night. We saw the dancers show, Grease, Micheal Jackson, Tropical show, Musical Cats. Its alot of fun. There is so much more to right about, I have to say if you are planing a trip to Punta Cana Sirenis, remember to try any experience you can, and don't sit in your room, sit in the lobby, or if you are going to swim try swimming in the beautiful ocean, not the pool.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travel74Travel74
<Content>Horrible customer service I was so dissapointed with the kind of service that we got at the SIRENIS COCOTEL. It just seemed that they didn't care. Noone there went out of their way to make sure you had an enjoyable time. Actually, it felt like they went out of their way to make you unhappy. Our room wasn't ready when we got there. The manager (Gregorio) didn't seem to care. When it got cleaned we actually went into the room (2 hours later) there was mold all over the ceiling of the room. When I went and told Gregorio he told me to come back the following day at 10am to switch rooms. The funny thing is that he wasn't there and the person there (Sandra) didn't want anything to do with us. The beaches and pool were very nice but the customer service was horrible. I would now recommend this place ever. It just felt like everyone was upset when you ask for anything. Even for directions....Just not the place to go and relax for vacation....  
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had the best Time !! Myself and my Boyfriend Just got back from the SIrenis Cocotal Beach Resort and we have to say we are totally gutted to be home!! We had an absolutely fantastic time. The beach was great the weather was lovely it only ever rained when we were asleep in the middle of the night. The pool was lovely the hotel was gorgeous and very scenic although it was not a 5 star it was pretty and more than comfortable and looks great in our photos!! The Sirenis was better than we ever hoped for. After reading some bad reviews we were curious. There is no way it is a bad hotel so whatever negativity you read take it with a pinch of salt some people are never satisfied. If you can say you live amongst more beauty at home then you are very lucky. For what you pay to go here there is no way you can complain about the food you will NOT starve!!!, the food is satisfactory and sometimes it was very pleasant there is a load of choice and available 24 hrs. If you go on holiday just to EAT then dont chose this resort.!!!! If you go on holiday to enjoy the beach the pool the beautiful scenery and relax then definately go to this resort . The all inclusive deal is good value for money and there is alot of choice the staff are friendly but dont speak much english. The entertainment is somewhat tacky but I can see how the kids and families would enjoy it. Bare in mind most of the entertainment is in Spanish and if people miming songs from grease is your idea of great entertainment then you will have a ball. For couples and families who want to get away from it all this resort is perfect. For groups of friends looking for fun its not so good its not a party island and the only people to flirt with will be the waiting staff!! Me and my boyfriend found it very romantic and great for couples. Just remember one thing this country is sooo expensive you pay $3 for a can of coke at the airport!! they rip you off at the airport charging you for luggage on the way home!! and trying to buy gifts in the hotel is a waste of time as they are too expensive So if you dont enjoy the all inclusive experience go elsewhere.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great resort!!! After booking this resort, my boyfriend and I visited tripadvisor to read some reviews. I was frightened. I read everything from rats to horrible food to bad service. So, when we checked in, I was surprised by the friendliness of the staff 鈥?who were waiting with Caribbean Surprise drinks when we checked in 鈥?the cleanliness of the entire resort and the cool, Caribbean vibe that everyone had.The resort. When we checked in, it took about 20 minutes 鈥?it was a large group, our bags were promptly taken to our room. Actually the bags got there before we did. The bellhop and the people at the front desk explained that to keep your electricity on keep the room key in the electric slot. A great idea for a country that caters to Westerners who waste electricity by keeping TVs and lights on when they aren鈥檛 in their rooms. The resort is very spaced out, so if you do have mobility challenge, you may find it a long walk to your room. But, all the major paths are paved and the buildings have elevators, so if you are using a wheelchair, you鈥檒l be alright.Hands down, the resort is beautiful. Well-manicured lawns, clean pools, nice lobby and fun bars. The staff were wonderful 鈥?the bartenders and waitstaff by the pools were always ready to crack a joke with you or offer you another drink. The staff in the buffet restaurant were more formal, but always ready with an 鈥極la!鈥?when you came in.The food. I read reviews saying that the food sucked. It didn鈥檛. My boyfriend, who is a picky eater, found more than enough to eat and be happy with. The steakhouse was amazing 鈥?we were both pleased with the menu and service. The breakfast buffet was nice, with lots of fresh fruit, yogurt, made-to-order omelettes, cereals, bacon, sausage, potatoes, etc. Unless you鈥檙e looking to be miserable, you鈥檒l find something to enjoy. Besides, in plus 40C weather, who鈥檚 looking to chow down? A bottle of water, two pancakes and some pineapple kept me happy most mornings.The entertainment. The resort is secluded, so unless you鈥檙e planning to take a taxi into town, get ready to have fun at the resort. During the day, the entertainment staff held dancing lessons, various competitions and sports tournaments. Every night the entertainment staff put on a different show. One night it was lip synching, another night it was Dominican culture, a third night it was different styles of dance. Also, at the main bar in the lobby, there was always action 鈥?a Dominican market, karaoke, a live band playing. After 12, many of the young people and the entertainment staff hung out at the disco. They played merengue, bachata and lots of hip-hop, dance and pop. It was lots of fun and you may be asked to dance, so wear your dancing shoes and be ready for a quick merengue lesson.Don鈥檛 sit at a pool or beach and complain that the region is boring. Get out and do something 鈥?take a dance lesson or go on a tour. All the islands of the Caribbean aren鈥檛 all the same. They have different histories and cultures. It鈥檚 up to you to find ways to amuse yourself and find out about where you鈥檙e staying.If you wanted to chill out 鈥?which I did 鈥?you can. If you want to get involved, you can. There鈥檚 a lot to do or not to do; it just depends on what you鈥檙e looking for. All in all, it was a great vacation. The price was right, the food was good, the people were fun and there was nothing to complain about.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It! My boyfriend and I just got back from this hotel June 19-26. I had read some of the reviews here about the hotel and my stay was very good. We had a nice room with an oceanview and a balcony It was beautiful.The food was good and the a la cartes were great as well. I would recommend you go the steak house. The steak was similar to the Keg. There was always going on at night. They had games, shows etc. All of it was great. There was always something to do at night. The casino wasn't that big and the games were fun. Nothing like what we have here.The staff was very friendly. Most of them spoke english, spanish and french. The maid service was great. They gave us new towels everyday and stock up on the mini fridge in the room.I have nothing bad to say from this hotel. It was all great. I don't understand why people rate it so low. I had a great time and I would go back next year and recommend this hotel to others as well.I hope that this helps.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AZHawkeye
<Content>Great Week We were a little apprehensive about our planned trip to the Cocotal Beach Resort after reading some of the negative reviews but after the great week we spent there we came to the conclusion that this resorts competition must be putting on thes negative reviews. Anyone that would not enjoy this resort should stay home. We cannot think of a better choice than this to celebrate our 40th wedding anniversary. We had a relaxing time, ate good food, met nice people and would gladly return. Who knows??? Maybe on our 45th or 50th if we wait THAT LONG.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely lovely My finac茅e and I just got back from a week at the Sirenis Cocotal resort. Having read some of the reviews here AFTER we booked back in February, we were looking forward to find out what the place was really like.As other reviews have said, the hotel is a little remote but the transfer time from La Romana airport (90 mins) by air-conditioned coach is similar to most resorts we have previously been too. In our opinion, the further away from the airport the better! (Not a single plane in sight..)The staff were very friendly and helpful, and generally spoke good English with the exception of a small minority who had to refer us to a more proficent members of staff in some cases.We noticed that the food has received mixed reviews. The Americans tend to rate the food poorly while the English tend to like it. Personally, we thought the food was very nice and didn't cause us any problems down below. The food caters for many tastes including typical American 'fast food' dishes (so we are surprised to see the Americans moan) and the desserts and freshly-blended fruit juices are plentiful and delicious.The only quabble we had about the food is the booking system which allows you to eat at a number of 'a la carte' restaurants during your stay. Trouble is that these filled up quickly so most days you were left with the normal restaurant. However, 'normal' by no means suggests any less nice than the 'a la carte' options. Don't bother with the US$20 'gourmet' restaurant - not the best menu we've tasted.The pool is clean and and surrounding beach is lovely - better than the 'paradise' beach that you visit on the Saona island tour. Coral reefs a few meters from the coast are perfect for snorkeling.Don't bother going to the shops to the right as you get to the beach - the 'salesmen' are pushy and desperate, and there are no prices on the goods. One guy thought he could sell a box of 10 fake cigars for 4000 Dominican Peso's (about US$100). After I refused his 'generous' offer, he slashed the price in half. He got the hint when we walked out. We were warned by our tour rep that the cigars there are made from banana leaves. The shops leading up the resort are much more pleasant to browse although a little expensive.Do the shark tour at the Marinarium, Punta Cana. The guides are friendly and knowledgeable and of course you get to swim with Nurse sharks and Sting Rays in a purpose-built enclosure. Again, lots of coral reefs to explore on the way to the enclosure from the boat using the provided snorkeling gear.You'll only need US$ (in cash). The reception only gives out Dominican Peso's when you exchange your travellers cheques. The Dominicans have creative minds when calculating the exchange rate from US$ into Peso's (should be around 1:40 respectively). Our tour rep told us we couldn't exchange our Peso's back once we got home although we had no problems at TravelEx.All in all, we had a great holiday - our only regret was not to have gone for 2 weeks instead!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>raybsax
<Content>A lovely resort We stayed at the Sirenis Cocotal May 22 鈥?May 29. We found the resort to be very nice, well kept. It has a fabulous pool though we spent our days on the beach and went to the pool occasionally to swim. I found nothing exceptional about the beach, it was your average beach, sand and palm trees. We were quite fortunate, during our stay it appeared that the resort was not very crowded.Our check-in went well- but we were at the beginning of the line. I can see where it could take a lot longer if you came in with a large group of people and were near the end of the line. I had e-mailed and faxed ahead requesting a room in Building K or L. My request was honored and we were in building K. We were not informed of the use of the card key for power, AC etc. However, research prior to the trip made us aware of the situation. Our room was nice and kept clean during our stay. We left a tip daily but I don鈥檛 feel as though we were treated any differently because we did.We spent our days on the beach. Sun chairs were available and we traded in our towels each night for fresh towels for the next day. There did not seem to be an issue with people holding chairs or palopas. Most of the palopas on the beach were taken by 8 AM or so. The resort has planted additional palms that are lower to the ground to provide shade on the beach.  The unfortunate part of our stay was the food. This is our 9th trip to the DR, our 5th to Punta Cana so we have a basis for comparison. We don鈥檛 expect food to be like it is at home. We like to try different foods and always manage to find something enjoyable. This was not the case here. The quality of the food was average and there was little variety. The food at the dining buffet was probably the most acceptable. The buffets provided a reasonable amount salad items and there was always delicious fresh fruit. But The Mexican and Steakhouse specialty restaurants were below average. Basic opinions:The resort was below its occupancy capacity. This made our visit pleasant. The pool was magnificent. The beach is average. No sugar white sand. We went snorkling but there wasn鈥檛 much to see. Sun chairs were available and we never had problems with getting clean towels. We ate at the Mexican and Steakhouse specialty restaurants. Both were below average. The food at the dining hall/snack area down by the pool (which doubles as a specialty restaurant in the evening) was really quite poor. All the buffets have a reasonable amount of items for salads and fresh fruit is also available. This is a good thing. You won鈥檛 go hungry but the food available to us during our stay lacked quality and variety.  The staff at the resort was wonderful. You never waited for anything. Of all the resorts we visited, the staff here is the best. Though we will probably not return to this resort, I think it is worth a visit. Keep in mind, things may be different when the resort has more patrons. Overall the only complaint is the food.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation My wife and some friends just returned from the Sirenis Cocotal Beach Resort. We had a blast the entire week. The monster truck tour was great we got to see parts of the country that the everday joe blow would not get to see. It only rained on us 1 day so that was the day that we went to town shopping. It is hard to do any good shopping because you are so far away from anything. We rented a local he took us on the tour and shopping for about 6 hours for around $70.00 US dollars. The food at the Resort was good but remember it is not the food we are use to in the US. It was hard getting reservations for some of the resteraunts but the buffet is great. The complex is very large and there is alot of walking. The beach, pool, and drinks flowing. The beach is topless and some of the pool. Great time   
<Date>Jun 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I Had the greatest Time!!!!!! I really had an excellent time. I don't understand why this hotel had any bad reviews. Once we got off of the plane we took pictures with the airport staff and we were greeted by the native people drumming. We then got on a bus and we proceeded to the hotel. The bus ride was bumpy, but its only 45 minutes and one can enjoy the scenery and chit chat with others on the bus. The bus dropped off others to other resorts and the tour guide on the bus was very funny and cool. He was also ghetto fabulous because he answered his cell phone while he was talking. The resort was so beautiful; and so were the people. We were greeted with fruit juice and we checked in. The people who worked at the resort were very cool! IJordan, Geraldo, and Carlos were the coolest. I was mad because I didn't speak any spanish and it was hard to talk to some of the staff; especially when I lost my key. Carlos that works in the watersports section speaks English so he was my interpreter the whole time. The rooms were nice and every room has a balcony. Although I am black, I got much blacker while sitting sea side. The entertainment was really good especially if you are into Hip Hop, R and B, and Carribean music and dancing. I liked it when they called people up out of the audience to dance and stuff because it was hilarious. The food was okay. It's not going to be American food. They had weird stuff like mushrooms with eggs and Rice with shells in it. The Chinese spring rolls were good, the seafood restaurant wasn't too good. I stuck with the french fries, watermelon, cereal, and fruit juice-you know because I had to look good! There were like four or five pools that were kinda connected. Overall, I had a good time!!!!! I miss it and I will undoubtedly be back. I traveled between May 6 and 9. It was a short time, but it was a good short time.   
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sirenis was great!! Just returned from Punta Cana (May22nd-May29th) with a couple of friends. We flew skyservice not to impressive but once we finally landed in Punta Cana we were in Heaven. Stepped out of teh plane and got a whiff of the islands and once we went intot eh airport we were greeted with a marachi band. There are porters waiting to help you with your bags. The drive to the resort was quite bumpy, but the scenary was great, it makes you appreciate what you have in life. Once we arrived at the resort we were in awe of the the grounds surrounding the hotel, we were greated with a coctail and the staff at the front desk were somewhat friendly. We were disappointed because our rooms were not ready till 3 o'clock and we had to leave our bags in the lobby. We were quite starved and headed straight to teh buffet, they have quite a variety of food, so everyone should be able to find something of their liking. We found that the staff was very friendly and always willing to help. The animators love to get the guest involved in their gmaes and if you are a sigle girl watch out because they'll be after you. The baretenders we very nice and friendly- At the pool snack bar see Domingo, he makes the best strawberry daiquiris in the resort. The pool was really big and 2 bars, one at each end. You need to get up warly to reserve chairs by the pool or on the beach. We ate at the mexican and steak house and they were very tasty, we heard teh chinese restauruant wasn't very good, so we stayed away. There are many activities to participate in throughout the day (beach and pool volleyball, aerobics, soccer, frisbee, darts, pool games, meringue and salsa lessons, spanish lessons etc. all organized by the animators). you can also go sailing, catamaran, kayak) you have to pay extra for the bannana boat and scuba. If you snorkel near the coral bring a banana from the buffet and put som pieced near the reef and you will soon be surrounded by fish, it was awesome. The disco is good thursday,friday and saturday because the staff is allowed to go and they aren't shy to ask you to dance. We were very disappointed that you had to pay for your drinks at the disco- all inclusive??? We brought stuff for the maid from the dollar store and she always left us flowers and stocked the fridge. Remember to really bargain at the vendors because they try to rip you off, go at least half of what they ask or less and thenleave and they will change their price. Overall it eas a very clean resort, staff was very nice, beach was gorgeeous, the water was beautiful and food was decent!! I would definetly recommend this hotel. Don't be suprised at the women walking around the beach topless!!!   
<Date>May 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Won't be going back Just returned from 7 days at the Sirenis Cocotal, 4 couples. Chose this location because of the cheap price, and you do get what you pay for! Not our first all-inclusive, Allegro at Cozumel, Breezes at Montego Bay, so some basis for comparison. I won't go so far as to say sorry that I went, but I won't go back.Good points- beautiful resort, spacious room, nice beach and pool.Bad points-The resort is very remote, no where to go less than an hour bus ride away, best excursions are at least 3 hrs. each way. Employees have very limited English, brush up on your Spanish! If there is an emergency at home, don't count on getting a message, I didn't and was called 3 times. Sirenis is handicap accessible, but if you have breathing problems don't go. The only A/C is in your room, and in the gourmet restaraunt. All other dining facilities are open air with some ceiling fans that do very little. Food lacks variety and taste. Only meal we enjoyed was the Italian. The $20 fee for the gourmet was a joke, my lobster was the size of a large crawdad, steak was at best 'eye of round' and tough. If you must go, the reservations desk only takes cash, which was a real problem with travelers checks there and at reception.Shopping on site is limited to a few shops out front and about 10 vendors in shacks on the beach. Poor selection and quality with outrageous prices, esp. compared to other islands. You really have to haggle to get anywhere close to a fair price. T-shirts that are 3 or 4 for $10 in Jamica, are at least $10, after bargaining! not 'cheapy cheapy' as the vendors say!The beautiful, large pool closes at 6:00 pm. What a waste! At other resorts we have been to, sitting out by the pool and getting in at night was very enjoyable. Bars close at midnight, except in the Disco where they are not free, and in the casino where the bar is for players only. The evening show, put on by staff, was OK some nights, others- not so good. A last note. as this is a family resort, parents should be aware that this is a topless beach and pool without exception. We saw many families there, with mom topless. Not what American families expect to find at a family resort.   
<Date>May 30, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Where to begin? Absolutely fantastic, having read some of the reviews here I wouldnt have though we had visited the same place! I went to the Sirenis Cocotal in November last year, I must admit the bus journey there is a bit on the shaky side but well worth it! Arrival - We arrived to be greeted with drinks and smiles  the staff were very efficient in checking us in  taking our luggage to the room. The Room - The room we had was very nice and clean  we had no problems whatsoever with anything in the room or the maid service.The Staff - Very friendly, In the lobby bar we tipped one of the waitresses $5 on our first night  she trated my partner and I like King and Queen for the rest of the holiday, as soon as we sat down she would bring our drinks over without even having to ask. The entertainers are also very friendly, we went to the nightclub with them one night and they were such a laugh.Entertainment - Very good, we participated in the Sirenis Ideal Couple Competition and won! which was great  they had a good variety of shows on each and every night.The Pool - Absolutely fantastic, thats all I can Say!The Food - Very good, I would definitely recommend the steak house, as it was quiet we managed to visit this restaurant 4 times during our stay. The buffet restaurant is very good too as is the service.The Bars - Very nice drinks, I recommend the Sirenis Special Cocktail  the presidente beer!The Beach - Very nice, golden sands and watersports on the hotel doorstep, excellent.Overall I had a fantastic holiday and we are returning again this October, if you have any questions at all about the Sirenis Cocotal then send me an email  Ill be happy to help!!  
<Date>May 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>HORRIBLE!! My entire experience at this resort was HORRIBLE!! The staff has no idea how to treat or accomodate customers. There is a huge language barrier. If you do not speak Spanish, forget communicating with anyone. You receive no instruction or orientation to the hotel (ie: you have to put a room key in the wall and leave it in order to have electricity in your room - had to figure that out on our own). The food is disgusting... hardly edible. Both the buffets and the theme restaurants. The resort is extremely remote, keep in mind, so you have no choice to go somewhere else for food. The pool and beach are nice, however, if it's raining there is absolutely nothing else to do. My friends and I are able to have fun just about anywhere, but not here. No one could pay me to return and I would not recommend this resort or destination to anyone.  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shoegal619
<Content>If you're American, don't stay at this resort Wow-where to begin...I went to this resort with 5 other girls for a weekend getaway. The bus ride from the airport was a nightmare, definitely take a bag to throw up in and some motion sickness medicine to possibly save yourself. The check in took an hour. There was no explanation during check in that you have to use your room key to turn on the lights and the air and that you have to ask for a remote control. The staff is very unfriendly and speak NO English. They are not accommodating to their guests at all. The food was nauseating, by the third day, just the smell of the breakfast buffet was enough to make you sick. The specialty restaurants are just as bad. Only the tuna salad at the seafood restaurant was good. We had to ask for coffee and bottled water 3-4 times each morning and still never got it. Nothing to do here but swim. No entertainment at all. I could go on for days about everything bad about this trip. The only good things are the pool and the beach. Maybe I am spoiled by travelling so much in the US and staying at a real 5 star resort, so if you are in the same boat, prepare for a let down.   
<Date>May 25, 2004
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>jkellerfsu
<Content>Complete Disappointment I want to keep this short and to the point. I returned from a 4 day vacation on May 24, 2004.1) This is NOT a 5 star resort. 3 Tops.2) It is an hour trip to the resort from the airport3) 45 minutes to check in4) No bell hop was available to take baggage5) Can not make restaurant reservations via phone. You must do this in person and wait in line for 30 minutes to do so.6) No Iron available, bring your own7) The food is terrible. I survived on bananas for 4 days. If you would like a complete description of the food email me at jkellerfsu@yahoo.com8) Keep in mind it is remote and you can not go to a restaurant to make up for the resort food.9) Make sure you are getting a good deal if you do decide to disregard this post. I paid $500 less than the couple next to me on the plane who traveled less distance.10) I have to give proper credit to the waitstaff. They were very efficient and friendly.Good Luck. I would never recommend this place.  
<Date>May 25, 2004
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing Stayed in the Sirenis in April. Rooms were really nice - very clean. Food was good especially the steak house. The daily activities by the pool and the nightly shows were really good fun due to the hard working entertainment staff (look out for Babyface and Jordan). Would definately return in the near future and would recommend this hotel to everyone.  
<Date>May 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Key Word Is VALUE We (wife  2 teenage sons) just returned from the Sirenis Cocotal, and I must admit I was a little nervous about our choice after reading some of the reviews posted here. I'm happy to say we were pleasantly surprised with our week's stay. No, this is not a luxury resort. No, it doesn't offer the last word in pampering. But it is a very pleasant facility, with an excellent beach, fantastic pool, good (again, not gourmet) food, and a friendly staff. Although it doesn't compare to some of the all inclusive resorts we've stayed at in the Riviera Maya, we paid about half of what we paid there and had a resort experience that was, for the most part, equally enjoyable! For the money, the Sirenis Cocotal represents an excellent value and we would (and probably will) return. Only one word of caution....be carefull when using the hotel phone to place international calls. We used our calling card and still got charged over $70 by the hotel system....something about 800# calls not getting through the normal line and being automatically switched to a pay service. I'd use the lobby phone to make calling card calls next time and avoid the in-house system altogether. If you're thinking of going to the Sirenis, take the negative reviews with a grain of salt and enjoy!  
<Date>May 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good relaxing holiday Went to the Sirenis in March 04. First impressions on the hotel ... absolutely beautiful. The check in was really quick and we were greeted with a drink. The staff were friendly throughout the holiday but you found that the women got served at the bar quicker than the men! The room was cleaned everyday and was always spotless. The pool and beach were always clean. The food wasnt too great, breakfast was very disappointing, we ended up just having toast every morning for the whole 2 weeks. The buffett lunch and dinner was okay but very hit and miss. I would defintely recommend the stak house though. The shop on site is very expensive and make sure you take high factor sun tan cream cos the highest they have in the shop is factor 4! We both had an upset stomach in the second week which was down to the food but it didnt stop us from enjoying the nice warm weather. We didnt bother with the entertainment at night, we just sat in the bar as they had everything that you could need ... free beer and cocktails!! Overall we enjoyed the holiday but the only thing that let it down was the food.   
<Date>May 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fab Sirenis Cocotal!! Just came back from the Sirenis Cocotal after enjoying almost two weeks of total relaxation in the caribbean sun. Went from 21st April to 3rd May, weather was perfect nearly the whole time despite weather reports on the internet to the contrary. Lovely hot sun with pleasant breeze near the sea. The resort was clean and the staff friendly and helpful. We tipped the maid on our second day and she put flowers in our room and always kept our mini bar fully stocked. Went on one of the excursions - snorkelling with sharks and rays, which was I would highly recommend. After reading some of the reviews I was very pleasantly surprised and would be more than happy to visit this hotel again.  
<Date>May 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>grneyedmustang
<Content>Sirenis was great, but look elsewhere if you are seeking the nightlife... The Sirenis Cocotal was a very nice resort. I stayed there for 4 days and 3 nights. The ride from the airport is a little rough, and the ride takes about an hour and fifteen minutes. The rooms were very nice, and the maidservice was great (although tipping made no difference, in my case, of the quality of the service we received). The staff was great (make sure you see Fransisco at the bar and participate in Jordan's merengue lessons)!!! There is a variety of things to do during the day, but everything shuts down fairly early. The merengue lessons were fun. The all inclusive package includes non-motorized watersports, and the motorized ones are available for reasonable prices. They have a variety show every night at 10:00....some days it was better than others. The disco opens at 11. The disco was OK....nothing to write home about, and it closes at 2. Your drinks in the disco are not included, and the bars close at 12.Make sure you see the vendors down the beach and haggle for prices, instead of going to the shops that are in front of the resort. In most cases with the beach vendors, you should be able to get your items at 70% less than the price they are requesting. They also have photographers taking pictures throughout the day at random places. Make sure you get one!There is one small downside to this resort...the food. I think the food is catered to a European palate, so most Americans might not find the food enjoyable. The food was OK, in my opinion. I found things that I could eat every day, so I didn't go hungry, but some of the items they serve is a lot different than the way Americans eat them at home. Make sure you don't drink the tap water - water is provided by the resort, even in your room. The ice is ok....it is made with purified water. There are also restaurants that you can make reservations for. I had the Mexican one night, it was ok; but I could have done better at the buffet. If you are looking for R  R, this is a GREAT resort. If you are looking for happenin' nightlife, this might not be the resort for you.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Angie124
<Content>Wow, what a Hotel! I just came back from the Cocotal resort April 15/04. I had read most of the reviews on the hotel before I booked so I knew what to expect.We arrived at the hotel around 4:30 and were greated with fruit punch. My first thought of the hotel was it was absolutely beautiful, felt like a 5 star in the lobby. The bus ride to the hotel is long. I would recommend taking some gravel before the bus ride. My boyfriend and I have some pretty severe motion sickness.Check in was very easy and the staff are very friendly. The bell boys are waiting there and take your luggage to your room for you. One thing I must say is the staff is always making sure that you are taken care of. I never had to wait more than a minute for anything.The room was basic. Nothing special. If you are looking to get a king sized bed we were told there were none on the Cocotal side of the resort. No big deal for us as we just pushed the two beds together.The grounds of the hotel are very well kept. The resort is large. The pool is beautiful, so big I don't think you could swim easily from one side to another, and a bonus of a pool bar on each side. The only downside is you have to get up early if you want a hut by the pool or ocean. But I found it not a problem to get up a bit early as you can nap any time during the day. Take a travel coffee mug, it helps to keep the drinks cold and two fit perfectly in my cup.I would recommend taking your own beach towel. There is a shortage there and I was unable to get one for the first two days.The food at the resort was fairly good. My boyfriend and I found the food to taste a bit funny some days, but what can you expect, you are in a different country, things are not going to be the same as back home.We had read some reviews and they said to bring bug spray, but I did not see any bugs or get any bites my whole time there? But you might want to bring some just in case. Make sure you bring 1 large 2 two bottles of sun screen. Unless you want to look like a lobster and hurt you must reapply often.We went on one excursion Bavaro Runners. This one is excellent and give you a better idea of the culture down there. I would definitely recommend this tour to anybody. Cost is $75 US.All in all, I was extremely happy with the resort. Very very clean and the staff are great. The drinks are also very good. Try the Presidente beer, very good. This was my first All Inclusive holiday and it was awesome. If you are looking for a hot relaxing holiday in the sun, this is the place for you.As for the bad reviews on this hotel, I don't know what people expect, 4 to 5 stars are not the same over here as they are in different countries. I think those people are just too fussy, relax, it is your holiday. I would definitely go back there, if given the opportunity.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good but not great Generally a good holiday but with a few irritating points that stopped it from being a fantastic holiday. We returned from our 14 night holiday last week, here is what we found good and bad. Good - Mytravel flight was on time there and back (wow). Lovely looking resort and grounds, pretty gardens with wildlife, beautiful flowers all well maintained. Very large pool that was always clean. Beautiful palm tree lined beach and warm sea (not white sand and clear waters but still really lovely). Generally good food with lots of choice if you are a meat eater (He is, i am not). Lots of choice at breakfast and dinner, less at lunch. Nice pancakes at the pool restaurants. Fantastic excursions, do not miss the opportunity to get out of the resort, quite expensive, but if you don't leave the hotel you could be anywhere and miss out on some great cultural experiences. Games room is great for spending time out of the midday sun, not that very many people seemed to do this! Lots of cocktails to choose from and it was nice to not have to hand over any money for anything. Bad - I am vegetarian, not much choice for me. Chips, rice, salad and pasta, all nice but got a bit boring. I could not eat at most of the speciality restaurants as there was not a single dish that didn't contain meat or fish. If you are veggie do not be fooled into thinking that your mealtimes will be saved by the vegetarian speciality restaurant. Almost unedible, same nasty tasting, unidentifiable vegetables used in all dishes whether it be lasagna, cannaloni or fajitas, not nice! I had terrible upset stomach most of the time, not sure if it was the food, heard of others with same complaint. Beware shellfish as advised by my partner! The hotel was at full capacity which meant you could never get a sun lounger past 8am (we didn't the entire two weeks) and often had to wait for a pool towel for more than 1 hour. We ended up keeping the same towel for several days even though in theory we should have had a clean one every day. Could never do any water sports as there was always a queue. If you like to lie in do not go here when it is busy, it is anything but peaceful in the mornings. The maids start work at 7.30 and shout alot. The walls between rooms are paper thin so you can here what you nieghbours are saying day and night and the music starts playing in the grounds at 8am. The rooms are comfortable if a little worn and are damp so even your clothes hung up in the cupboard never really feel dry when you put them on.Tips - Beware the sun is very strong. We had to wear minimum factor 30 suncream. Neither of us is very fair but we got burnt with factor 15 the first day after only 2 hours in total cloud. Take plenty of sun cream with you as the resorts shops are very, very expensive. Take mossie spray, you don't see them but they are there. Do go on the Outback Safari, Marinarim and Aquatic Tour, well worth it. Beware shops on the beach, they all have the same thing and are desperate to sell to you, to the point they can get quite frightening. The enterainment and night is ok but as there is nothing outside of the hotel and there is not much else to do at night. All in all a nice holiday, good weather, nice staff in a 3-4* (not 5*) hotel, but a week would have been enough. We would go back to the DR but not to this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bring plenty of immodium!! My family and I just spent 6 nights at the resort and here's our review. We found the resort to be clean and the grounds impressive. The rooms were spacious but a little outdated for a 4 year old resort. The pool and beach were the best features of the resort. The pool was large and had two bars.The beach was really nice and the water was clear.However, we were very disappointed with the food.There was no variety in the buffet. The specialty restaurants were not even adequate. We did not find any kind of seafood during our stay. We all had problems with our stomachs during and after our trip. By the last day, just walking into the buffet caused nausea. As for the nightly shows, they are very amatuerish, performed by the pool staff. All in all, if you like to drink and don't care too much about the food, then you'll enjoy this resort. As for myself i would not recommend this place to anyone specifically because of the food.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JohnSusan_8
<Content>Nice pool But.... Recently spent seven nights at this resort. 3 star at best. The food was marginal with the buffet outperforming the a la cartes. Ceiling in room leaked and sink was plugged for three days before being fixed. Found reception staff unhelpful. Different guests charged different prices for in-room safes.($7.00-$11.00)Waited on the average 2 hours for dry towel at pool. Chaise cushions old and filthy. On the up side, pool was very nice as was beach area.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>don't go for the food! beach and pool is nice just got back after a 6 night stay... the beach was nice. if you want a tiki hut on the beach or near the pool you'll need to get up by 6:45-7:00 am. you can reserve the huts with your towels and then go eat breakfast. but don't get too excited about the food. we just can't understand all the reviews stating how great the food was. i would suggest you reserve as many of the non-buffet restaurants for dinner as they will allow you. the food is better there but still not great. the buffet breakfast and lunch is the same every day. the room wasn't bad... a little damp smelling. we had hoped to get some beer in the mini-fridge but the maid informed us no cerzasa. you can buy a bag of chips in one of the shops at the hotel for $8 u.s. make sure you have enough suntan lotion... they sell that for $35 u.s. for a small bottle. i'd go back to the dominican republic but i'd try another hotel... maybe spend a little more and hope for better food. oh, and if you want a safe in the room it's $10/week. and don't forget to ask for your tv remote control when you check in... they don't leave them in the room. last thing, we paid for our airport transfers ahead of time with turinter. if you plan on using turinter - good luck! i had too many problems with them to list.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fundaysunday
<Content>Job Vacancy for Pied Piper of Hamlin!!! I took my family to this Sirenis Hotel as we hadn't been to this part of the Dominican before and felt the change would be nice. This hotel is one of the largest we've stayed at ever, and although it is on a level plain there is a lot of walking to be done going from room to rception to beach etc. Someone commented on Trip Adviser to bring your skates well a bike would be useful. We found the hotel too large for our liking and although the brochures are now claiming this to be a five star hotel we would not rate it quite so high. The staff are less friendly here than the other (many) hotels we've stayed at in the Dominican. This is probably due to the hotels size and capacities. For the two weeks we were here there were some things that made us a little concerned. Like most holidays you can always find faults but this was not our intention to do so and these are our clearcut observations. The swimming pool(s) are vast and for the majority over 6 feet deep so we had to keep an eye on the children. All three of my children cut their feet on the pool tiles. The cuts were abnormally deep and long. Two had to be bandaged and they were not allowed in the pool for two days on both occasions. The life gaurd Ernesto was good at first aid. One set of step was damaged and several people cut themselves on these. One Canadian boy had gashes to both legs when he got out by the steps. The pool water is about 10 inches down from the edge and there are many ledges to be aware of. The lights in the pool were always falling out for the lifegaurd to refit. Our room cocotal c006 was OK but upstairs had a problem, everytime they had a bath or shower their waste leaked into our bathroom. Despite the staffs efforts (and they were prompt to arrive)to sort the problem they were unable to cure it. It became a joke with me phonig upstairs an asking them to put more shower gel on. The other room we had c007 smelt foisty and nomatter what we did it stillremained even when we left. The beach is nicely laid out and there is a bouyed off area for swimming however from day one i looked at the sea and deemed it unsafe for bathing. The area set aside for bathing was for the most reasonably shallow however within two steps you could go from being in just over knee high to unable to touch bottom. At times there was a latteral rip within 20 metres of the beach that you could see good swimmers unable to cope with. On the 12th day of our holiday the most unfortunate happened an a man in his 30s drown close to the beach It was noticable the last two days that nobody ventured into the water. Water sports are few here as there are too many reefs. Only one other thing that was off putting at this hotel was the RATS. Yes you here about them but this was a case for the Pied Piper. We first noticed one after being here for three days, during the day time. We didn't bother much about it but none the less reported it to the hotel. As we cmae to the last few days of our holiday i became apparent that there was an infestation of rats. From the lobby bar down to the turn off to block B I counted more than 20 as I walked. You could sit in the lobby bar watching them feed at night. Some people were quite content to feed them. This Hotel is all but one the furtherest away north from the Airport and the road is none to good getting here. All in all my family had a reasonable holiday we have stayed in better hotels This is more akin to a moderate 4 star hotel  
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very disapointed Hotel is OK, clean, but no 5* it will be more a 3*When we arrived I made 4 calls, waited for 3 hours and finally at 01h30 I received my bed. Don't take any excursions in the hotel because you'll pay 3X the price. The only excursion that is good is the trip to Saona. A Avis rental car cost 100$ a week and if you book direct you'll have the same car for 52$. Service is very bad e.g. : it took 4 days to recuperate a package at the reception. The guides recommends only restaurants who tip them for 10 $ per customer. Food is lot of kilos but bad of taste. There are indeed a couple of restaurants but you have to reserve every day and only one at the time, if you want to wait because there are 10 people in front of you... you'll see. The only restaurant which is ok is the Steakhouse. The local Dominicans who serve you are lovely and very kind, management is bad. When you do your check out they rip you off for the last time. Do the test and ask different people your bill, you'll have 3 different prices and control the peso-dollar rate. Robinson was the most expensive.If you are used to go to touristic 3* hotels you will be happy, If you like good food and expect a minimum of service don't go there, it's not a 5* and not a 4*It?s a beautiful island with very nice people, but go to a good hotel (in Punta Cana there are 45 resort hotels) If the locals who earns 80 $ a month try to ask you too much I have no problem. But when a international group of hotels like Sirinus rip you off ??.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this resort! Will always remember this trip! Spent a week at the Sirenis Cocotal in November of 2003 and loved it! Food was excellent...and what a variety!! Beaches there are gorgeous ...was really impressed with the service at this resort. I would highly recommend it to anyone who plans to visit the Dominican...I just don't see how it could possibly by any better than the Sirenis Cocotal resort...friendly service, great pools, wonderful rooms that are really lavish...The accommodations are wonderful in every way. I am going to Aruba in May and will someday return to the beautiful beaches of Punta Cana and when I do, you can bet I will stay at Sirenis Cocotal again!!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>absolutly fanastic i went to the sirenis cocotal beach resort about 2 months ago. this is the 3rd time i have visited it and i cant fault it in any way. i am only 16, however i went with my family, the staff were always kind to me, and in fact i am still in contact with them now. i dont think that i have ever eaten such great food and i would recommend it to anyone.Hope you have a great holiday  
<Date>Mar 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>suzyl27
<Content>hola hola coca loca... I am actually staying at the sirenis cocotal at this very moment and it is wonderful. We are having the time of our lives and the children are loving it. The room is lovely, our maid wonderful, and we have a view of the stunning beach and sea from there. The beach has got to be the most beautiful I've ever seen the coconut grove is amazing. This is quite a chilled out laid back kind of place and the staff are very friendly and helpful - remember manners cost nothing and nothing is more irratating than rude customers and I've seen several here......The food is good and the coctails delicious, try the sirenis especial...mmm yummy. Ignore the bad reviews some people are never happy if you don't like this place you need to take stock of your life and appreciate how lucky you are to come to a place like this where the people have little but are content......stop whining - get a grip! Enjoy your holiday. Adios  
<Date>Mar 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome!! This was my first trip to a tropical place and I loved it! The plane ride was ok, but I have to say we lucked out and got excellent seats both on the way there and home. The service was great and the food was as good as can be expected.The bus ride from the airport to the hotel was interesting. The trip was about an hour but the country was beautiful and it flew by... for those with weak stomachs I recommend gravol.The resort was awesome, very clean, the people were great and went out of their way to make you feel comfortable and welcome. We really enjoyed the entertainment and had the most fun at the beach party, though all of the entertainment was great.We had an excellent time snorkeling on the coral reefs right by the resort and we saw lots of fish and even a barracuda one day.We went on 2 tours - to Saona Island and on the Monster Trucks. Saona Island was beautiful and we got to see real star fish and swim in the carribean sea. The water was breathtaking and was so blue... just like in the brochures! We had a great day at Saona, but truthfully, most of it was spent on the beach which we could've done at the resort... if you do go to Saona, be sure to bring your snorkeling gear, there's a ton of fish in the darker areas near shore.The Monster Trucks were a lot of fun, but for those who are bringing pencils and gifts for the children, you can't hand them out on this trip. All in all it was a great day, we saw where they filmed Jurassic Park, Crocodile Dundee, Rambo and some other movies, saw a fake cock fight, visited a VooDoo Doctor and visited a school and some Haitan children.The weather was very good for most of the trip but the last four days were windy, overcast and one was rainy. The food was great and the pasta especially is awesome!! No one on our trip got sick from the food, which is rare when travelling I'm told. The bugs weren't noticeable but they're there!! Make sure to wear bug spray at all times! I got very badly bitten... you might want to take some Band-Aid Spray On... it helps with burning/itching of bug bites and seems to help them to heal faster.We had a great holiday and are planning to go back next year. I hope your holiday is as great as ours was.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding Resort in seclusion! We visited for 2 weeks in August and the weather was spectacular! The resort is secluded and peaceful. If you are looking for a party place or shopping then this is not it. If you are looking for relaxation great food, an amazing beach you will more than satisfied! There was a buffet that ran a later hours that was perfect if you dont want to adhere to a schedule. But if make reservations at 8:00 am each day then Sirenis had great a la carte restaurants. Mexican, Italian, and the Steakhouse all had great food. The chinese restaurant wasnt very good. The beach was beautiful and water was great. You can walk endlessly along the beach for kilometers. Sports were pretty good! If you plan to leave the resort the lowest priced excursion was $50 US. Most of the excursions were very pricey (approx $100 US) and even a taxi ride to the city will cost $75 US! If you want to buy souvenirs then you have a few small huts next to the beach offering many items. Overall it was a great experience. I would return again!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not bad but not good the hotel was fine but our room smelt of damp we have come home and can still smell the room. The entertainment was rubbish, the only good point is that we met some nice people we would not go there again  
<Date>Mar 5, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our First Trip to an Island from Huntsville, Ontario We spent a week at Sirena's and had a very nice vacation. The beach at Sirena's is indeed lovely, as well the staff keep it very clean. There are security personnel at each end. The pool is also very nice, clean and again well kept. If I see another buffet I may scream!! The food was well presented however being a fussy eater I felt it had an after taste making most things taste the same. Perhpas the after taste etc. is unavoidable? Not once did my husband or myself feel sick. We were concerned about this and had not a moments problem. The hotel is very clean, the rooms were clean and the staff that clean them very friendly and accomodating. Some people complain about the language barrier which is to be expected when going to another country?! I felt all staff members were friendly and most accomodating. They make about $40.00 per month and work very hard for what they earn. I was pleased to tip them for their hard work. If you want shade you must get up early and reserve yourself a spot. I would very definitely recommend this resort for families....children are most welcome and the pool area is very accomodating for them as well. The El Presidente beer is very good. The bartenders really put out efforts in making nice drinks complete with the lemons, limes and umbreallas where necessary; it might be easier to leave this out when going all-inclusive but at Sirena's they do not. Have a nice trip!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great first experience with an all inclusive       First time in the Ocean!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Below Average We were dissappointed with the rooms, meals and remoteness of the resort from the Punta Cana airport. The rooms are beginning to show their age (cracked tiles, stained carpet, etc.) The food was mediocre at best in the buffets and beach side restaurants. The food in the upscale restaurants was just a plain joke. We could not beleive we had to make a reservation to have the privelege of eating that stuff. Getting to the hotel is a 75 minute bus ride over what has to be the worst roads in the western hemisphere. The drivers main duty was to keep us out of the potholes on the paved roads. The dirt roads were by far the smoothest during the journey.There was also a major language barrier for English speaking patrons with the staff. Most of the staff spoke better French than English. I guess this would make sense since the French appeared to me to be the largest contingency of patrons.This resort overall was not up to par with other resorts we have visited in the Dominican Republic and nowhere near what you find in Mexico.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic! Came back a week or so ago having spent two weeks at the Sirenis.This is the third time we have visited this hotel and were pleased to see people holidaying there again from last time. The hotel continues to improve and this year was faultless.We made full use of the speciality resteraunts and never had a bad meal. Our room was always clean and tidy, with fresh fruit on arrival, I assume because we had visited before.Would thoroughly recommend this resport to anyone who wants a relaxing time, with as much or as little to do as they want.Recommend the visit to Saona, and also the Aqua Safari.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First time all inclusive - amazing We just returned from a week of awesome luxury in the Sirenis Cocotal Hotel. It was our first all inclusive trip we took (my husband and my daughter). The Skyservice flight arriving into Punta Cana was a little shaky and our ears were hurting alot when the plane was landing. I wasn't sure if I was able to hold from screaming much longer. Everybody complained. It took almost a day and half for our hearing to return. The bus ride is definetly bumpy especially after a shaky plane ride. Some people were close to getting sick. But we finally arrived to this beautiful resort. The people were friendly, helpful and attended to our needs. The staff were helpful getting to our rooms. Tipping is definetly a good idea. Even if you didn't tip, the people were very nice and helpful. The rooms were cleaned every day. The airconditioner worked good. The grounds, the beach, the whole resort was immaculate. The weather was fantastic everyday. They get up early in the morning to make sure that when you start your day, the grounds are clean. The food was amazing. We did not have any problems with the food. They tend to serve sometimes room temperature water (always bottled spring water). Ask for cold water. It tends to smell a little if is too warm. When you go to the beach, we found it hard sometimes to get the huts for shade. I think people either get up really early (5-6 am) to go put there belongs under the huts. It was secure to do that. Clean towels from the beach was difficult to get. I don't know if they didn't want to give it to us or if they wanted a tip everyday? I don't think so. The entertainment during the day and evening was excellent. They always kept the tourist busy and also respected your time to yourself. When you go shopping to the hotel resort stores, be prepared, very very pricey. Bring alot of your own suntan lotion with you and toiletries. The return on your money is very poor. They should be giving your rates between 40-50 US but they try at 35. Bargain alot to the point of at least 70% lower on what they are asking, especially at the Dominican Mercado. I would definetly go back to the Sirenis Cocotal Hotel but this time, for two weeks.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pack your rollerskates Not impressed with this hotel. Way too much walking involved. All the day trips were very expensive. Best bet is to buy your day trips from the guys on the beach, they are not greedy. The food looked beautiful, however, all the food over there tastes pretty bland. Entertainment, what??????? Dont recall any, nothing memorable. As far as casino, keep your money in your pocket, they have sharks in their machines. When a hotel offers all inclusive, that is what i expect to get. This hotel makes you pay to go into their disco. Service at the front desk was not pleasant either. All they tell you is go to the gift shop across the street. If you are going to this hotel, make sure you have conditioner with you, they dont offer any in the rooms. The people are awsome, the maids are lovely, however none speak any english. No bugs or mosquitos at this hotel. Weather was fabulous, rains almost everyday for ten minutes or so. The quad bikes are awsome to rent on the beach 2 people for 75 american. The beach is not what i was told it would be, it was brown coloured sand with alot of sticks thru it, not pleasant to walk on. I think i will stick with Mexico. Hola  
<Date>Feb 29, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>crazyshamoo
<Content>Not bad if nothing goes wrong.... I just got back today after a wk at this resort. Skyservice is not the most comfortable airline to fly with as quarters were cramped (and I'm small). The one hour bus ride to the resort was pretty bumpy because of the holes in the road and I was pretty nauseous by the time we arrived. The staff were really friendly and the resort was well maintained/clean. There was an excellent variety of food although it was a little salty at times. The pool area is big and clean and the beach was not too bad. You did need to get up early to get a recliner by the pool and the beach.  The guy who gave the 'free scuba lesson' in the pool (which consisted of putting on a tank and submerging) was unfriendly and abrupt otherwise pool staff were enthusiastic in getting people to join their planned activities.  Our rooms weren't really 'cleaned' as much as they were 'tidied' during the week... the beds were made and new towels were given if you indicated you wanted new towels but our floors weren't really cleaned.  We did have a power failure one night lasting about 20 min so there was no light or water. A few days before we left, the air conditioner broke. The night staff at the reception were not helpful at all; they were busy flirting with young female patrons and then they came over to talk to us and told us that it would be fixed. They wrote down the room number and we left. An hour later we went back to the reception desk who mentioned they didn't know anything about it. THey then sent over a guy who fiddled around and told us 5 minutes. Half an hour later, it still wasn't fixed. We went down to the front desk and told them our phone was not working either. The guy who came before was now off duty and someone else would be sent. To make a long story short, the air conditioner was not fixed until the next evening (we had approached our Sunquest rep that morning with our complaints). The guys at the reception desk gave excuses which didn't make sense and they would actually walk away in the middle of talking with us. The manager was even informed of the situation that night in front of us and without even talking to us, he walked into one door and left through another. Thank God for the ceiling fan....  Anyway, that experience was enough to make it less likely for us to return to that resort. We did enjoy the Marinarium outing (well worth the $75) but the dolphin swim was a rip off (the advertised 10 minutes is actually 7-8 minutes: 3 minutes in the pool with 7 other people petting the dolphins and then a 5 second ride to the other side of the pool..)  Overall, it is a nice resort and the majority of the staff are friendly. As long as nothing goes wrong with your room, things should be great. For us, we'll try elsewhere before returning.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>dm_garner
<Content>Great Experience - First Time Domenican Republic We were thrilled to be placed in a tower suite located in a lighthouse-like extension to one of the regular buildings (the regular buildings that house 3 floors of standard rooms). Our room was on the 3rd floor completely surrounded by windows and with a balcony overlooking the beach and ocean. Other ammenities included a very large jacuzzi tub in addition to a wonderful shower area. Our facilities were excellent. Excellent cable TV and movie access (Cinemax) etc. NOTE: We were fortunate to have taken a student ID card (the size of a credit card) which we could leave in the slot next to the entrance door to our suite which allows the room electric to work. Otherwise you have to either use the tab provided with the room key (and attached to the room key) which would mean you couldn't keep your room cool. (It takes a while for the rooms to cool down. ALSO - VERY IMPORTANT - TIP...all windows and doors must be completely closed and latched in order for the air conditioning to work. We suffered through the first night with just the ceiling fan because we couldn't get the air conditioning to come on. We tipped a lot with $1 bills (US). It really made a difference at the bars...first they could see it in your hand and would serve you right away...second they remembered you when you came back and would take care of your fast. Only downside for us was the food. Just not very good. We suspect it is probably just part and parcel of the Domenican Republic. None-the-less, but the end of our long 4 day weekend, we were glad we were not going to experience another dinner. Even in the specialty restaurants we found the food marginal. We ordered chicken fajitas in the Mexican restaurant and the chicken had a fishy taste. Guacamole was great, tho. Also, the breakfasts were good...especially the made to order omlettes. If you drink scotch, they use Dewars and JB as their bar scotch...not something local like in Mexico. You can also order Baileys...and they have Absolut and Smoley available if you ask. Highly recommend the Serenis Special drink. We read reviews before we went and were told to try these...we got one at the bar on our way to the room. Super. Evening music and dancing was great. We did not have kids with us, but this place really goes out of its way to take care of the kids. Wonderful experience. Vacation Express does a great job...however, we really disliked leaving at 12:30 for our 4:45 flight departure. We sat for over 3 hours in the airport. No reason we could see for doing that. TIP - take a book for the 1 hour bus rides to and from...also for the long airport wait. Also bring food from the resort with you to munch on at the airport. Have fun! Feel free to email with any specific questions. David  
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Holiday Ever! Myself, my husband and my son went in May 2001 and it was fantastic. The place had only just opened when we went and there was still some building work going on but it was not near where the guests were. I am a chef and thought the food was absolutely fantastic what a choice!! They catered for every taste including traditional English, American, Spanish and Dominican. They also had themed food nights which lets you experience some dominican cuisine which was fantastic but also had other choices if you don't like experimenting with food. My son who was five at the time loved the childrens club and couldn't wait to go. I didn't feel the need to learn Spanish as most of the staff speak english perfectly well although I do know spanish as well. The pool was very claen and they were very particular about cleanliness which is nice to see they actually drained the pool for 1 day because some tiles had come loose at the bottom so no one would get injured and that must have cost them alot of money but the hotel was still willing to do it so there was no danger to guests!! The water was checked everyday for pollutants as well. The rooms were brilliant and there are armed guards around the place all day so you were very safe. The staff were fantastic very helpful. There is food available any time of day if the buffet is not open you can go to the snack bar. The only problem is the mozzies (that are so small you cant see them) we were bitten quite a bit but staff are out every day spraying the complex to help get rid of them.Cant fault it brilliant holiday even for the kids!!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Booking already for next December!!! excellent - good time - good food - nice people around very friendly - very clean!!!! I'm already booking for next December with friends!!!!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Totally relaxing and just what the doctor ordered Great review from Steve and we would agree wholeheartedly with his comments. Prior to going we were really apprehensive as we had read so many negative reviews - sometimes I wonder where people get such expectations for the money they pay!! On a travel from the UK bit the My Travel day flight was awful the worst cabin crew were horrendous they obviously did not want to be there and even told us they could not wait to get off and get pissed - great to feel wanted. The flight home the crew were great and could not have been kinder. One thing we would point out is that being an all inclusive resort the staff do not often get tipped, other than the room maids. We made the point of tipping the pool bar staff and the restaurant staff on the last day and they were so grateful. Those people that complained on this site of bad service I am sure is partly due to their attitude whistling and clicking for staff does not go down well in any country! Whilst we did not speak Spanish a smile cost nothing and they were some of the most gracious people we have met in a long time. We travel frequently and our in the hotel business and whilst this is not a 5 star resort it is a fabulous place to switch off and forget about pressures at home. Hope this encourages anyone going. Have fun and do join in the activities like beach olympics I am not one for group activities on holiday but the staff were such a laugh and I have to say I thoroughly enjoyed meeting so many really great people!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>The-Stork
<Content>Good Time Had At The Sirenis My girlfriend and I visited back in Nov. from the 12th-26th. We had a great holiday and overall the Sirenis was very enjoyable. The resort is actually two almost identical hotels (the cocotel and the tropical suites) combined. The resort is out of the way a little (very bumpy roads to the hotel), there is nothing outside of the hotel but hey it's all inclusive! The grounds and buildings are really nice and very clean and tidy. The beach is not white sand and the sea isn't crystal clear but it is still very nice and tropical. It did rain a few evenings but the days were great for catching those rays. Get to reception early if you want to book to eat in any of the 5 speciality restaurants, they are worth it. The entertainment was good, something for everyone. Service was generally very good, the entertainment staff were very friendly as were the reception staff. The pool is the best part of the complex it is huge with two swim up bars, an activites section and a queiter side. Finally we booked a standard room in the cocotel side but ended up (accidently tho, I think) in a suite on the tropical side. Brilliant!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very good...but too relaxed for me Well, first of all I wanted to thank you all guies for such helfull site, that in fact made my tirp 100% more interesting and easy!!! I will not go over the flight and the chack in part, because all the reviews are about the same and they are truthfull. Newertheless, I have to admitt that the mascito part hit us right at the very beguining - be awere spray yourself with OFF even before you come to the hotel and keep on spraying all the time everyhwere (take at least 2 bottles). Look for moscitos and bugs right when you enter your room, I did and found my room louded with them...Now, I have to admitt I'm a type of person that can get away with lots of unpleasent surprises but moscitos cross my red line, so you can only imagine how furious was I when after a quite tiering trip to Punta I ended up with this... pleasently surprised i ended up not screaming adn after 5 min. recieving a key to an amzing ocean view suit!!! The pool - OHH yea loved, loved the rest of it!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Food vs. Terrible Winds Just returned from a great holiday at Sirenis Cocotal Beach Resort Dec.25th - Dec.31st. Long trip there on SkyService (poor service which seems worse every time). I enjoyed the hour air-conditioned bus ride to the resort, it is very rough and bumpy though, but you get a chance to see the country side and small communities on the way. The resort is huge and picture perfect. Well groomed lawns, flowers and trees, peacocks and geese wandering the front. The lobby is grand, all marble, and many comfortable wicker chairs arranged for socializing. The lobby leads to open bars, which can often be crowded. Better luck to have a seat in the wickers and wait for your waitress. The main resteraunts are next, there always seemed to be confusion with guests over when the dining hours were, but the food was worth any wait. Very visually appealing - a lot of work obviously goes into every meal. The taste was superb, always fresh and different every meal I have no idea of what some of those delicious dishes were?) although after one week we could see the menu starting to become repetitive. The specialty resteraunts are highly over-rated and defineatly not worth the 0.5hr - 1.0hr wait in line required to get reservations for them. Next comes wooden boardwalks surrounded by turtle and feeder fish ponds for as far as you can see (and pink flamingos which never seem to leave their pond?). These walks lead to all the hotel room buildings, try to get into building I, it has a great ocean/pool view, some other buildings only have views of other buildings or a jungle fence. If you have a problem with your room help may be a long time coming, if at all, most staff seemed to speak English poorly and there is often communication problems. House keeping is adequate at best, but nothing to complain about really. The pool is large, beautiful and spotless.... full of children as this seems to be a real family type resort. Many daily activity events and evening entertainment events were offered. The beach was a highlight, very beautiful and long, easy to walk in either direction for 15-20 minutes without seeing any other hotels, lot's of topless tanners, the water was always very warm although rough for swimming and watch out for hidden coral. (ouch!) Our last 4 days were terribly windy, blowing sand on the beach sent everyone poolside and cancelled all water sport events. This was very dissapointing and the only sour note of the holiday, weather can change drastically daily. We had no problems with bugs (other than a few unexplained bites) or sickness but be sure to take your own supplies just in case. Some excursions and sight seeing packages are available but this mainly a place to go to Eat and Relax and Tan.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ab Fab May 2002 what a holiday and what a fantastic hotel. I have been to may different resorts and places in my time but this has got to be the best ever. The beach was the most beutiful i have ever seen it really is paradise. The swimming pool was huge with its swim up pool bar you could relax on a stool in the water and drink pena coladas all day. The food was great so much to choose from and the fruit was out of this world. Presentation again of the food was fantastic, spectacular. All the staff i meet Ricky(gourgeous) Roberto(Fantastic dancer) angel(Huge) aundre(nuts) jon(Fantastic entertainer and choreographer) but no longer there,sadly. And many more were all so very very nice people it was a pleasure knowing them and a asset to the hotel. Would recommend this hotel and holiday to all and worth every penny. So good infact im going back may 2004 withthe girls. Ab Fab holiday.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>More like a 3.5 star hotel Sirenis cocotal beach resort and tropical suites is rated 5 stars, however, by American standards, it is closer to 3 or 3.5 stars. The property (lobby,gardens,plants,bars,restaurants,pools,beaches. etc.) is well maintained and groomed. I would give it 5 stars. Speaking of food, it is rated fine-bad. Everyday at the buffet, there is mostly same food and although the variety looks big, it is really not. At breakfast, there was no cream cheese! The schedule is also very annoying; the breakfast is open from 7am to 10am. It was inconvenient because i went to sleep very late and had to wait until lunch started which was 12 pm. The towel service is very inconvenient; you are given a card which you must exchange in return for a certain number of towels. If you don't return the same number of towels you were given you need to pay to receive back your card. This card must be returned upon checkout. Also, you must reserve the restaurants the first day you arrive and the reservation line is very long. If you dont do that the first day, you will have to eat at the buffet where reservations are not required. Those restaurants, however, are not very good. The food was not very tasty and there and the wait was fairly long. Lunch ends at five and dinner begins everywhere at 7p.m. That two hour break is inconvenient because everything is closed. There is no 24 hour buffet. If you are an athletic person or physically active person, you will have plenty to do in the daytime and at night. There is volleyball at the beach, excercise, music, pool games, dancing at night and a fitness room. However, with that there comes another inconvenient thing. The jacuzzis and saunas are located about a 7 minute walk from the pool. You have to walk with wet clothes through the lobby and restaurants to reach the jacuzzis and pools. At night, the shows are mostly dancing and require the audience's participation and involvement. If you are an older person looking to sit down and watch a show, there are very few of those. The water at the beach is very rough in the morning. The sand is not white, but after 3pm when the water calms down, it is very beautiful and clean. There are very few watersports at the beach; there was no jet ski, no parasail and the banana boat was constantly broken. There were only kayaks and small windsurfers. You could also rent some snorkling gear, but you can't see anything if you dont go far out enough. The boat that takes you far out enough barely works because the water is far out is rough. There is barbeque at the beach, which only works two days a week. The staterooms were great; there were marble bathrooms, a niceley stocked fridge with plenty of sodas and nice balconys. The maids also did a very good job cleaning. The workers overall, were very very friendly and nice. The problem with the workers, however, is that they understand only few words of english. It is very hard to communicate with them if you dont know basic spanish ( ex. pillow, soda, boat) The pools are very nice. They are extremely large and clean. There are bars inside the pools and you can swim through the pools to get from one place to another if you dont want to walk in the heat. Kids have many things to do if they are not shy and are willing to be involved. There are plenty of activities, sports and entertainment planned for them and the staff that cares for them is great. Overall, the hotel is not bad. However, if you have visited 5 star american hotels with no hassles and difficulties such as Atlantis, you will be dissapointed. So if you can shop around for something better, do so. If not, the hotel is not bad if you arent picky about food and just care about relaxing and spending your day at the beach.   
<Date>Dec 28, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>There is always a but.... Well we are just home from the Sirenis Cocotal Beach Resort. We left on Thursday December 11 @ 6.30am (Skyservice). We actually left on time, flying a charter usually you are delayed but everything went very smooth. We arrived in Punta Cana at about 12.15 (they are one hour ahead of us) We had read some reviews and were aware of the hour bus ride to the hotel.. however the roads were brutal. we felt a little car sick once we arrived at the hotel. Once we arrive the check in ran very smoothly, they spoke english very well and were able to assist us with our requests. We had a 20 usd in our hand and asked for a upgrade, the man at the desk sent us away and told us to come back in 5 minutes once we came back he had up graded us to a Ocean view room in the I wing which was very nice. We over looked the pool and the beach. The resort was kept very clean, the pool was very large and nice. The food at the resort was fine. I have been to numerous all inclusives and the food did not bother me at all. There was a wide range of food to eat. My boyfriend has a severe Peanut Allergy so we had to be very careful with the food. However we spoke with the Food and Beverage Manager at the Resort and they assured us we were fine. We had no problems. My major problem that i had was the beach. I had heard some many things about the beach in Punta Cana and we were VERY dissappointed. We heard that Punta Cana was white sand beaches with Clean water. Well we discovered very differently. The beach was the every day brown sand and the water was not clear. After we found out that we were on the Atlantic ocean so that was the reason we did not have the nice beach. I would not say this hotel is a 4*+. I would say it is more like a 3.5.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Perfect Paradise Dec. 4, 2003--I just got back two days ago from the Sirenis Cocotal Resort and I am totally speechless. As a matter of fact my friend that came along with me this week and I are planning to go back sometimes in January for a second round. Cannot wait!! The staff there was amazing; so friendly, professional and welcoming. The entertainment team that consisted of Robert the MC, Juan and Deury the DJ's, Roberto the great dancer with the perfect body, Ronaldo, Jesus, and Auturo other GREAT dancers, Carment electra and Naomie campbell the friendliest girls on the resort, along with a few other great memebers whose names I can't quite rememeber, made sure that there wasn't a single dull moment at Sirenis. Their nightly perfomances were outstanding as well, everything from Aladin, to the Michael Jackson and CATS specatacls. Along with getting the golden chance to meet these energetic people, I also had a chance to meet people from several different sides of the world, and hopefully soon enough I will have a chance to see them again! Right Adam? Everyone had their own story and made my experience remarkable. While staying at the resort I was able to take some spanish lessons, play beach volleyball, learn the monchata, maragnea and salsa. The best part was that I was able to use these steps in club while dancing with the guys from the entertainment team. I've been to many different places but I've never had an experience like this one!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I think I'm in love Other than the room service everything was absolutly great. The staff was great, the animation team was fabulous, and the people staying there were also delightful. By the second day of my stay, I already felt like I was at home. I was given a chance to meet many great people at the Sirenis hotel and I would go back in an instant. Also for those people with younger kids, I would most definitly suggest that you go to Sirenis as well. The staff take great care of the kids from what I saw and also involve them in great activities. From what I saw even the youngest of them all have a blast. People there are just too friendly!I've been to many different places but I never felt the comfort like the one of Sirenis Resort.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>2tucans
<Content>disappointed my husband and I stayed Nov 6-13. The hotel is really 2 hotels in one. Total rooms aprox 1000 with lots of walking between your room, restaurants and beach. Do not book this property if you like a medium size hotel and have trouble walking. The sand is NOT white. It is the color of light brown sugar. The majority of the cliental are European. 80% of the beach is topless. I just didn't appreciate the topless women at the swim up bar. We were very dissapointed that the water was too rough for snorkeling. We had had to pay for a bus to take us to the Caribbean Sea to snorkel. Even so, we had to pack our own lunch (challenging) where we were taken down the service road to another resort. Not a pretty sight. Felt very uncomfortable as couldn't really enjoy the beach as you felt like an intruder. The snorkelling was ok, the fish really like banana's. We did try almost all the reservation restaurants. We ordered the fish at each one and they were all excellent. The service was not good at half of them. No real complaints about the food except there was no traditional dishes to try. Very medetterian. We did not get sick until the day we flew home. It has taken almost two weeks to get over it. For those of you who always get attacked by mosquitos, DO NOT forget your bug spray! Our room was clean, but the maid service had challenges. We couldn't seem to get toilet paper. I even tried to get some with the front desk. Well, 9 hours later still none. It's getting very anoying running back and forth to the lobby. At 2am a leak started. We were told someone would be right down. By 3:30 still no one. Back to the front desk to ask again and for them to also bring the T.P. Shortly a man came and banged around for 1.5 hours. Must have kept the entire building awake. Problem fixed, but still no T.P. and now he's used our set of towels that we have been re-using all week. Not many people speak Engligh at this resort. Luckily I showed him the empty roll. We were NEVER left any bottled water or even hand soap for that matter. Had to remember to stop at the bar on the way back to the room each night. They said the mini bar would be refilled each day. NO. The hallways are VERY dark. Could barely see enought to put our key in the lock. We only wantch 2 night shows. Could not understand what they were saying. Especially when they would give out 20+ awards each evening for what I could not tell you. Spanish or French is a must at this resort. I would go back to the D.R. but would stay on Barvaro Beach next time.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BIGBUMS
<Content>See you next year!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! plane journey and airport. Me and my sister have recently returned from a two week visit to sirenis, this has been our 2nd year here and would go back time and time again. our holiday started on the 13th October the plane touched down around 5pm (dominican time) from Gatwick after a long 9hr journey sadly it was raining when we arrived but we were determined that would not put us off. As we walked into the airport we were greeted by friendly airport staff who persisted on trying to take our luggage to the coach for us but experience from the previous year reminded us not to as they want tipping but the walk to the coach is literaly centimeteres away.Coach journey and first impression. I must admit the coach journey to the hotel is hell, as after a nine hour flight the last thing you want to do is get on a coach for a following two hours, maybe this was because it was dark and wet and we couldn't see the real dominican life and friendly waves and blowing kisses as you travel through their poor but friendly towns. When we arrived at the hotel (wow!) we had tears in our eyes as it was so fantastic. we were welcomed with a complimentary drink, the cases were left for the porters to take to your room a small tip is appreciated. After check in we made our way to our room. We were tired from the long journey so decided to have a quick look around to see if we recognised any of the animation team from the previous year and to see if everything was still as wonderful. Food is available 24/7 but to be honest we just wanted a good night sleep.The hotel. If you are expecting the Ritz then this is the place for you everything is immaculate and you wouldn't believe the size of the place! The room had two double beds a bath/shower, mini bar stocked daily with soft drinks and colour tv. We were lucky enough to have a sea view but most importantly it was very clean. The lobby is huge with marble flooring and has a double sided bar in the middle so you drunks don't have to worry about queuing for your all inclusive drinks. This is where our favourite bar staff Mario and Fidor worked. This is also where the main restaurant is im not joking there is food to suit everyone! not all to our taste but we soon found out what we liked by the end of the holiday.The pool and beach and Entertainment. The pool opens at nine but people are in there from seven. This is the biggest pool i have ever seen in my life and contains two pool bars, say hi to Esteban for us he works in the cocotal side poolbar bar if you give him a small tip he will make sure you are well looked after he never stops smiling and dancing. If you have any cds you want him to play round the pool he will be happy to, and by the end of the day will know all the words. All the entertainment takes place around the pool 9 o clock spanish lessons with the lovely Manuel and stretches on the beach with the beautiful Carmen Electra! Crazy games are at 10 o clock on the beach with MC Jesus you must take part as it could entail a medal and certificate in the evening shows and were also very funny. At 11:00 there will be a merengue lesson on the beach with all the entertainers followed by the club dance i can guarantee you will know this by the end of your stay. Lunch is between 12:00 and 3:00 so you can either relax by the pool or on the beach or go and stuff your faces. The beach is better than you can imagine and is like being in paradise you can take part with the watersports or swim in the turquoise waters. If you are taking small children then there is a fantastic kids club entertainer called Angelica who will take care of your naughty naughty children (as she says, )she is the sweetest person and is very funny. If you fancy going to the gym Ishmel will look after you and he also does the aerobics on the beach on an afternoon (a very sweet guy) .Evening Entertainment. After filling your faces or boozing at the bar! its show time folks! Entertainment starts at 10:00 in the theatre BEWARE to put on your mosquito sprays as these could ruin your holiday and cost you a bomb at the doctors. The theatre is where you meet all the entertainers Ricky Martin(very funny) Manuel. Jesus, Naomi Campbell, Carmen Electra, Henry, Roberto (great dancer), Ronald, Eminiem (dont know his real name but he is very good at doing the languages and he Loves-his-job. Mimi, mira, and Condorito the clown (shorts dude). After the show you can either go back to the lobby until 12:00 thats when the bar closes or hot foot it down to the disco untill 2:00am no doubt the entertainers will be in there dancing the night away they never get bored of it.There is also a sports bar in the resort this is where Antonio works behind the bar he is very friendly and has a lovely smile. there is a pooltable and foozball in here.I would recommend this hotel to anyone and will see you next year back at the Sirenis Hotel!!!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Sirenis I read every review about Sirenis  I even emailed them to the resort. We arrived  were greeted with warmth  cold drinks.Checked in within 5mins  off to a beautiful ocean front room in bldg L(close to beach markets) the room was great with a huge heart shaped tub. Had 1 leak  it was taken care of in less than 10mins. We took medicines incase we got sick. WE DIDNT GET SICK. We stuffed ourselves with different foods  tried several drinks on the menu from the several bars that were available. Our vacation rep warned us of consuming drinks with coco cream. He said it was like a laxative  drinking too many would make you go to the bathroom. I had at least 7 one day  I was fine.The rooms were always clean, the minibar was stocked,fresh towels daily. The beach was beautiful with plenty of lounge chairs, towels. The pool was amazing  great for nonswimmers  kids.There was always music around the walking areas, dance lessons  games. Take insect repellant  universal outlet adapters if you are taking curlers or electric razors.They provide irons  hair dryers.Tv has about 6 US stations (espn, fox, nbc  showtime)The disco played local  USA music  it wasnt crowded at all.Dont shop at the stores in front of the resort-very expensive.If u must shop-have small bills.they never have change There are markets on each side of the resort on the beach. Less than 5min walk.They are very nice  reasonable.They all have the same thing.Barter with the prices.They enjoy it  you can get good deals.I have stayed at several resorts in the Carib/Mex  this was the best so far.Every restaurant had great food  the buffets were excellant.They even celebrated Halloween  were in costume  had decorations with the food  a scary walkthru.We saw several kids really enjoying themselves.Take a book for the flight  the 1hour transfer time from the airport.If you book excursions-you need to be ontime for departure or you will be left.No one should have to wait on you.A french couple got off the bus  returned 15mins later only to find the bus was gone.They were cursing so loud you could here them on both sides of the huge lobby  they expected the hotel to do something for there error.Lots of guest that were just relaxing or waiting for transfers to airport were yelling at the couple  we all applauded when they left in a taxi.That was the only bad thing- the resort wasnot responsible for that.If you have your doubts,dont!! This resort is amazing, beautiful, relaxing  has a lot to offer for singles, couples  families.Everyone is always smiling  happy  ready to offer assistance.Some may not be able to speak eng that well, but they make an effort  most times get assistance from other co-workers to help u.They deserve way better pay than what they get.We really appreciated all of their help  had no bad experiences at all.It was a wonderful 4 days  I hope to go back before the end of the year.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Vacation time We stayed at Sirenis Cocotal from October 18 to 25. My husband and I were travelling with our children aged 2 and 4.It was not our first vacation in the Caribeans. We had been to Cuba (Varadero, Cayo Coco and Cayo Largo), Cancun and Dominican Republic (South Cost) before.Overall, we had a nice week. Below are the plus and minus of this destination:Plus:- Nice and large room. However, we were located in bloc E, which is quite far frome the pool/beach area. It is however close to the main retaurant and show area.- Food was good, within the Caribeans standards (better than Cuba and more variations in the menu). My youngest child got sick once but it could be more his fault than the chef's (too much bacon for breakfast or drank the pool's water?).- Huge pool, very good for children. Also two playground areas for kids.- Many children on the site, which was good for us but would definitely be a turn-off for singles or couples.- Personnel was friendly, especially Angelica who was in charge of the kids mini-disco every night at 8. We had fast and efficient service to change beddings the night my son was sick. We either spoke French or English and had been very well understood.Minus:- Many, too many moskitos. I got eaten at night. I still have the marks on my legs. It is enough for me not to go back again. Bring bug spray (a must!).- The route between the airport and the hotel is full of holes and there is even an unpaved section. Be prepared for extreme bus.- The water at the hotel is not drinkable. It was not our intention to drink it anyway (we did not do it in Cuba or Cancun even if it was drinkable) but it is not reassuring when you see your children playing in the pool all day.- The airport of Punta Cana is not air-conditionned. When returning, be prepared for a lot of sweat during the 3-hour waiting period before boarding. Also, be prepared to spand a lot of US dollars if you want to drink or eat something at the airpot ($4 for a juice!).- The beach (sand portion) is very nice but the water is nicer in Cuba or Cancun. It has not this cristal blue-green colour that we had seen before and it gets deep very fast. Also the swimming area is very small. When we were there, there were not many people in the water. Most people swam in the pool.Finally, the weather was nice during the week but there has been some rain on night. Bring an umbrella, the hotel does not provide them as opposed to some places we have been to.Reason for the 3-star rating: good hotel, nice setting, good food but on our view not above average.Have a nice vacation!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant Holiday We went to the Dominican on 28th September 03 for 2 weeks, had booked the sirenis Cocotal and i had read many reviews on it. All i can say is that the reviews i read about it being excellent were truly correct and any negative reviews, to me did not seem true at all. The hotel itself was lovely, staff worked really hard to keep it clean and maintained and always had a smile on their faces. We are both in our twenties and i did wonder if we would get bored as i had read it was isolated but that certainly wasn't the case, we had a great time sunbathing and swimming round the enormous pool, stopping off at the pool bars every day and the weather was glorious (couple of bad days of rain near the end of holiday). There was always activities going on throughout the day which were always good fun and i found it impossible to get bored, the beach barbecue is lovely, i recommend it to anyone. The entertainment in the evening was brilliant, we loved Ricky Martin and Robert, the lines they used were hillarious, we were in stitches most night. We ventured into the nightclub twice, it's free to get in but you have to pay for drinks but for a bottle of the local beer it works out at a 拢1, the music wasn't the best but it was a laugh and it was also very air conditioned, after sitting in the theatre watching the show, it was nice to go in there to cool down. We mainly ate in the speciality restaurants, there was 5 to choose from and we had no problem getting reservations for them, the italian, steakhouse and mexican were my favourites, the buffet was nice but we found we just picked if we ate there and not just have one proper meal but there was always plenty of variety. Breakfast was always good, nice fresh bread every day and lots of everything else. We travelled with Airtours and there were many excursions to go with them but we booked a trip with Manwell from the hotel to go on a snorkelling/diving trip, it was cheaper than others and we had a brilliant time, i had never been snorkelling before and was pretty scared and apprehensive but the guides we had were brilliant, they got in the water and really helped me and then there was no stopping me! The only bad thing about the trip was the coach ride to get there, it took about an hour and a half and i felt sick at the end of it, the roads are HELL! The rooms were nice, they were quite basically furnished but clean and i liked the mini bar (which was stocked every day). I enjoyed all of this holiday but there was an extra special part, my boyfriend upgraded us to a suite with king size bed, separte bathroom, toilet, shower and JACUZZI, we stayed in this room for 8 nights, it had a balcony over looking the sea and big bay windows, my boyfriend is now my fiance after he proposed so it certainly won't be a holiday i'll ever forget and i would definately go back and recommend to all as i think it caters for everyone! One last thing, if you're travelling with airtours, i would say take extra food, i wasn't impressed with the food (lack of) we got for a 8 and a half hour flight!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>danielrice20
<Content>Had a great time... My wife and I chose to vacation in Punta Cana to celebrate our anniversary. We returned a couple of days ago, very happy with our decision. The staff was very friendly. The food ranged from average to excellent. We really enjoyed the Chinese a la carte restaurant. The pool and beach area was gorgeous. This was one of the most relaxing vacations we've ever had.The only things keeping me from assiging the Sirenis Cocotal are the prices in their shops ($8 for a stupid can of Pringles) and the comfortable, yet kind of plain guest rooms.We travel internationally a couple of times per year and always try to visit a new area, but neither of us would be opposed to vacationing at the Sirenis Cocotal again.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>On a scale of 1 to 10 I would give it a 6 I have just returned from the cocotal beach resort with my boyfriend,we were quite excited to be up-graded to a five star,but when we got there we found it to be three star quality.The food was average,a good choice of restaurants but not ideal for vegetarians,as not lots of choice,and staff havent caught on not to use the same utensils for veggie dishes as they do for meat dishes.A beautiful complex,overlooking the beach,the staff were very friendly,and the evening entertainment was brilliant,well done Robert and team,CAN YOU FEEL IT,ITS BURNING,I LOVE MY JOB!!!! But the complex is in the middle of nowhere,so unless you pay silly prices for operator excursions or hire a car you are stuck there for the duration of the holiday1! We would go again,but not in a hurry and only for a week!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place An excellent choice!Beatiful beach, topless woman, cold Presidente Beer. What else could you ask for?Book it now !  
<Date>Sep 30, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No stress   showReview(1354994, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sirenis wae awesome!   showReview(1345970, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not very good   showReview(1278805, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What happened to service?   showReview(1278226, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoy the Caribbean   showReview(1257130, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Serenis!   showReview(987505, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Coconut City!   showReview(984533, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tuckers_Travels
<Content>Definitely not a five star resort   showReview(924441, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>roobard
<Content>Sirenis Cocotal, Punta Cana - great vacation, but be aware!   showReview(707627, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MUMUFROMPARIS
<Content>S茅jour sympa...       Coin piscine  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>gregmumu
<Content>Bien mais attention aux surprises   showReview(23279913, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	4	4	4	

<Author>virgin2005
<Content>EXCELLENT   showReview(23180027, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tophinette
<Content>Extra   showReview(22969908, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>MACHENavarra
<Content>Las mejores vacaciones de mi vida   showReview(22826392, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sirenis Cocotal Beach   showReview(22956897, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Freut Euch schon mal!!   showReview(22955221, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chocc06
<Content>bon s茅jour   showReview(22053013, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>ROXANAEsmeraldas
<Content>Espectacular   showReview(21972506, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vansantin
<Content>Los ba帽os necesitan mas atenci贸n       Las personas son muy atentas e lo demais estuvo otimo pero el bano necessita limpesa. sujo  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>STEYJAN
<Content>Que verg眉enza...   showReview(21796576, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	3	-1	1	1	1	

<Author>Categoriaf
<Content>Regular   showReview(21408589, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	4	4	2	

<Author>LAKIKI
<Content>Me encant贸 el hotel y quiero volver otra vez       fabulosa la piscina  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Pigazu
<Content>Cinco estrellas ni de co帽a       playa  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	3	3	3	4	2	

<Author>LAYOLA
<Content>bar la yola y todos sus empleados   showReview(19461937, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	3	5	1	

<Author>UriMaca
<Content>Buenas vacaciones para pasar en pareja y en grupo   showReview(19200349, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	2	

<Author>yArIeLiS
<Content>me encanto el hotel   showReview(19073509, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Erholsamer Badeurlaub   showReview(22949500, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marleneRepDom
<Content>隆隆 que ba帽o mas curtido!!   showReview(18850944, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>1	3	3	3	1	5	4	4	

<Author>carolstodgo
<Content>HORRIBLE LUNA DE MIEL   showReview(18115000, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LAURIDOM
<Content>Excellent, Magnifique   showReview(17901720, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>elfico
<Content>rien a dire super!       hotel  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Pinky001
<Content>Definitivamente vuelvo   showReview(17289047, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Greisy
<Content>Muy bueno, excelente animaci贸n       los chicos del show en el Sirenis  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>crockett2007
<Content>Agr茅able et gigantesque   showReview(17040536, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>pyram
<Content>Bonne impression g茅n茅rale       chambre  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>cb0030
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel       vue de notre balcon sur la mer  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>toubtoub
<Content>Rien de tel pour se reposer... soleil et far niente dans un cadre magnifique       Le paon accueillant les adeptes du shopping  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>naconou
<Content>a vous la rep dom et le sirenis!       l hotel  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>mistigripaca
<Content>superbe hotel   showReview(15119320, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lepro
<Content>Vacances de toute beaut茅   showReview(15014829, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>miamorargentino
<Content>Simplemente fantastico   showReview(15007049, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>republicadenuevo
<Content>no me defraudo tanto como pensaba       este es uno de los buffet  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ficou33
<Content>super s茅jour   showReview(14979487, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LanaudierePunky
<Content>Paradis et tres belle hotel       bar de piscine  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sofieDrosayNormandie
<Content>Tr猫s agr茅able h么tel   showReview(14522997, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>saritaGalicia
<Content>Luna de miel con goteras   showReview(14334032, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	2	4	3	

<Author>marmotte49
<Content>on ne peut pas plaire 脿 tout le monde....   showReview(14250686, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>didi1954
<Content>Tr猫s bel h么tel   showReview(13906272, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bieber
<Content>Definitiv keine 4,5 Sterne       Toilette am Pool  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	3	3	4	

<Author>KakyRN
<Content>Une tr猫s bonne premi猫re exp茅rience...       Postes internet accessibles et abordables  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tereMadrid
<Content>pesimos animadores muxo saltinbanki   showReview(12553774, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jhonathangrass
<Content>Bello e rilassante. Non adatto a chi cerca il caos       las palmas  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	2	4	2	5	3	

<Author>md1914
<Content>Tr猫s bon H么tel   showReview(11263438, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>CapoGGio
<Content>Semplicemente Spettacolare       Uno dei tanti ristoranti a tema  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>patsjean
<Content>Les envahisseurs sont arriv茅s !!   showReview(10638926, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	1	5	2	4	2	3	

<Author>Chiqui_qvaina
<Content>Fabuloso!!       el pasillo central del sirenis  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>joligathor
<Content>Au secours l'usine 脿 touristes !   showReview(10183052, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	4	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>OLICEL
<Content>hotel conforme a mes attentes   showReview(10055367, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>marmottella
<Content>Conforme aux atentes   showReview(10050233, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>kyjuan
<Content>inoubliable   showReview(10016250, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>idalilie
<Content>vacances inoubliables!   showReview(8828437, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>KiriParis
<Content>Pr茅parez les pouboires   showReview(8680221, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>ParisGlobetrotter
<Content>A 茅viter   showReview(8659586, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>carmenn
<Content>Unas vacaciones magnificas   showReview(8619483, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>gr_tefa_67
<Content>Felicitaciones por el hotel   showReview(8439784, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>frankie1971
<Content>No era lo que esperaba encontrar!!!   showReview(8106734, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	1	4	3	

<Author>olmer
<Content>D茅cevant   showReview(6603950, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	3	1	3	3	

<Author>ezzio
<Content>sejour agr茅able au SIRENIS mais.....   showReview(5492343, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	4	1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>D茅cevant   showReview(4629859, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Marie-Elaine
<Content>un deux pour un !!   showReview(4602083, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Belle temperature, endroit plaisant   showReview(4520983, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>E' una Struttura bene...   showReview(11413479, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Purtroppo la prenotazione fatta...   showReview(11413480, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2003
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

