<Author>OnTheRoad-AZ
<Content>Never again I've stayed here before. I guess I didn't learn my lesson then. The noise level is unbelievable if you are put in a room on the side that runs along 44th St. We were on the 4th floor and could not hear the TV over the traffic and drunks. Although the interior is security gated, I really did not know if my car was going to be there in the morning. The noise from the surrounding rooms was horrible. Everytime somebody slammed a door, it made things on the table in our room shake. I realize the hotel cannot do anything about the police helicopter noise while they were searching by spotlight for somebody in our parking lot area, but it sure added to the total ambience of the place. The rooms were clean but worn down looking, the bathroom was exceptionally dinky. The one good thing I can say about this hotel was the front desk staff is especially helpful and nice. Although, the housekeeping staff needs to turn down the mariachi music while they are cleaning the rooms. I always stay at Hilton chains, but will never return to this one.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	5	4	2	

<Author>I82X73
<Content>OK but needs renovation I was looking forward to my first stay in an Embassy Suites facility. I was part of a convention contingent who had been booked into the hotel. The neighborhood is not good and if you do not have a car, you are captive to the hotel without other attractions, dining, etc within safe walking distance. The hotel seems to be about 5 miles from all attractions (down town, Scottsdale, etc) except the airport, which is very close by.The lobby was nice and comfortable and the front desk staff was pleasant. While my room was ready, others in my party waited hours for a room (and we arrived at about 3:30 PM).The official hotel photos looked nice, but the room photos they showed must have been somewhere else in the facility. The photos published by other reviewers were like my room. We had requested a double-double room for three adults. We had two beds, but they were small double beds, not the queens appearing in official photos and implied we would get. I ended up sleeping on the sleeper sofa so my wife and son could rest on a real bed. The sleeper sofa was like sleeping in a hammock without the comfort. It sagged terribly and the framework pressed very firmly across my chest a hips. It was a very uncomfrtable 7 nights. In addition, I discovered the bedding had not been changed prior to my use -- I ended up with insect bites all over my torso that I had initially attributed to a reaction to a laundry detergent.Room service arrived at our room around 5 PM every day except one while we were there. None of the maids spoke English. We had to call housekeeping to find someone who spoke English and ask that the bedding be changed on the sleeper sofa. Otherwise, the ladies did a good job when they finally got there.As written elsewhere, the rooms are severely in need of renovation (which is actually underway). The bathroom (tub and toilet) is very small. You almost have to climb over the toilet to get to the tub. Opening the door while you are in the bathroom is an adventure since the toilet does not allow much free space to move about. The sink is in the bedroom. It appears as the newly renovated rooms will have a more functional bathroom. Supplies were adequate. There is an iron and ironing board in the room, There is a hair dryer by the sink.Air conditioning was adequate, but ran nearly constantly and was a bit noisy. The small kitchen had a very high counter, but included a nice refrigerator, microwave and coffee maker.The TV was in need of replacement. Viewing selctions (the free ones) were pretty limited. There is a TV in the bedroom.Internet access was available either through an ethernet cable (located by the couch) or wireless. There is a $9.95 charge per 24 hours for use of the Internet (it amazes me that far less expensive properties offer this for free). The wireless connection dropped-off at times, making on-line work difficult at times.The pool was very nice. landscaping in the courtyard was enjoyable. There was a Gazebo with misters for outdoor functions.The on-site Agave Grill offered a wonderful free cooked-to-order breakfast every morning. Lunch selections were decent though a bit more expensive than I would like to spend. Dinner selections were expensive and mostly of a Southwest cuisine. You can order off the lunch menu. Other than breakfast, food taste and attractiveness was only fair. Every dinner plate I received was chipped (maybe I kept getting the same plate). The facility offers a Manager's Happy Hour with free soda / pop and reduced price alcohol. There is also free finger food / snacks.There are laundry machines on-site, but be sure you have a supply of quarters -- they have none at the front desk and the bar only has a few.There is a new CVS Pharmacy across the street as well as Mexican grocery store -- otherwise, you need to walk some distance to find anything else...and this is not the best neighborhood. Taxis don't work this area...and if you catch a cab down town, have the hotel address in hand since most cab drivers do not seem to know where this place is located. i could not figure out the Metro bus system, but doubt I would have used it anyway in this area. We had a car -- highly recommended (with a GPS).The complimentary van service to and from the airport was excellent from what others in my party said.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	1	3	4	2	2	

<Author>Generic90
<Content>Mediocre by expected standards, and in the midst of a renovation I stayed at this facility while attending The American Legion's National Convention; this was the property to which our delegation was assigned. In terms of what I would expect from the Embassy Suites brand, this was mediocre to disappointing. The property itself is in a marginal/transitional part of the city, and is not particularly convenient to many of the major attractions in the Phoenix area. A traveler staying here would definitely need a car to get around. It is an older facility, though would have much promise with a major upgrade. The rooms are relatively spacious, but a bit spartan and worn. The entry doors were marginally secure. The walls were thin, so any external noise from outside or in adjacent rooms were sometimes quite audible. Some of the electrical outlets worked part of the time, or not at all. The air conditioning was spotty at times. The in-room refrigerator was slow in chilling stored beverages or food items. The bathroom is incredibly small; you very nearly had to step over the toilet to get into the shower/bathtub. The beds were small and rock-hard, which - combined with the spotty air conditioning - could make restful sleep problematic. The televisions were old and in poor working order, and the cable system was even worse, as several featured channels were nothing but snow depending on the time of day, or even the room you were watching in.General cleanliness of the facilities was so-so. Housekeeping was open to the outside, and cleaned bath towels were stacked near the entry, which almost made laundry pointless. Laundry facilities were also outside; while the washer and dryer units were relatively clean, there was no place to fold or stack. Additionally, quarters were virtually a precious commodity in the hotel, and $1.00 only bought you 20 minutes of drying time. Housekeeping services were ridiculously slow and late-arriving. It was not uncommon during the week's stay that your room would be left unserviced until as late as 4:30pm. On average, housekeeping would not arrive until about 3:30pm. My two or three experiences with the front desk staff were generally poor; they did not seem knowledgable about their own property or the area, and could not meet my requests (see above with obtaining quarters for laundry).The saving grace to this property was the Agave Cafe, their on-site restaurant and bar. The staff was very polite, friendly, and responsive - even in busier periods - and the food selection was very good and generous in portion size. Lunch and dinner prices were as to be expected for hotels. Again, this property was not what I expected from what I knew fo the Embassy Suites brand. This property was undergoing a renovation during my stay, which appeared to include a complete rebuild of the guest suites. If they do an extensive renovation, there is some promise to the property, but they will have much work ahead of them to make it a place I could recommend to other travelers.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	2	2	2	

<Author>Conchobar
<Content>Tired Property In fairness, the property appears to be in the middle of some work so perhaps a year from now would be better but I was there August 2008...The property is worn, shabby and certainly not up to the standard of other Embassy Suites at which I have stayed. The front desk was very pleasant and check in no problem but the room was clearly in need of a renovation. All rooms are exterior corridor opening to their courtyard. The interior wall adjacent to the corridor is painted brick and doesnt give a great feel rather it feels like a cheap attempt to hide odd construction. The furnishings were old, wallpaper worn, bathroom needed cleaning and sprucing up etc etc. The location is not, I am now advised, in a very secure part of town.The internet connection ($9.95 per day) is via a ethernet cable which never worked during my two night stay. Luckily, the business center in the lobby was open and working.The hotel has a restaurant on its fifth floor which served decent food.Overall, I was disappointed with the quality of the room and would not return to this property.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	1	2	4	4	2	

<Author>chacha7602
<Content>Wonderful stay My husband and I booked this hotel when we flew to Phoenix last week to move our daughter there. We flew in early in the morning and by the time we checked in later in the afternoon we knew that our daughter would have to stay the night with us because she couldn鈥檛 move into her apartment until the next day or day after that. I told the woman at the front desk and thought I鈥檇 have to spend more for my daughter but to my surprise, she gave us a lower rate than the one I鈥檇 booked which was $75 per night [I understand that July/August are the off season months for Phoenix, thus the lower rate]. I agree with a few of the reviewers that the rooms could be updated some, but ours was very comfortable for the 3 nights we were there and we loved the accessibility of the airport. The lobby is very nice and the business center was easily accessible and met our needs. Our breakfast each morning was wonderful, one of the best Embassy Suites breakfasts that I鈥檝e had. My one major complaint was that they charged $9.95 for Internet access in the rooms for a 24-hour period. This is the first instance of paying for the Internet that I鈥檝e encountered in any of the Hilton properties. I was the only one of the 3 of us who used the pool and it was very clean and actually refreshing despite the fact that the temps were well into the 100s each of the 3 days. All in all, I鈥檇 recommend this hotel to everyone. The location of the hotel isn鈥檛 in the best of areas in Phoenix, but everything is so accessible there that you can find a restaurant a few blocks north in a matter of minutes and we never were concerned about our safety.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>bicll
<Content>Don't stay here I stayed here a couple months back during a business trip. This place was awful. It was so old and in a terrible part of town. And the service was terrible. Nobody seemed to know what they were doing. I asked to speak to the woman at the front desk's manager after her poor customer service and he was an even bigger joke. He was loud, rude and unhelpful. Next time I have the pleasure of traveling to Phoenix, I won't ruin it by staying here.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	3	1	1	3	

<Author>Aprilia_Motogp
<Content>Not bad, considering location. Overall, not a bad place to stay. The pool was nice although since it was 115 degrees outside, I only used it after 10pm. Room was clean and the furnshings were up to date. The bar restaurant area sits above everything on the top floor overlooking everything, so that was kind of cool. Bartender was friendly as was the check in/ front desk people. Careful walking over to the 7/11 across the way late at night, as the neighborhood borders shady...but not total ghetto.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>unbiasedtraveler
<Content>Was just O.K. I would shop around. We stayed at the Phoenix hotel for 1 night. I am glad it was only for 1 night. The property was o.k. but there were quite a few problems. You judge for yourself. THE BAD:1)If you don't call early they only give a very limited number of late checkouts and it is only 1 hour more than the regular check out time. 2)The hotel pool closed at 8pm due to cleaning. Which was an inconvenience with kids. It was stated no where on the website. Nor when I called the hotel THAT DAY did they mention that. The jacuzzi was nasty and then it was closed the morning of second day we were there. Plus the pool was NOT heated so it was very very cold even during 80 degrgee weather.3) There wansn't anyone patrolling by the pool even though it was right by the front desk, so people were rough housing and throwing ice into the pool. Dumping people into the pool. Ridiculous.4)Apparently if the weather is between 55-70 degrees they will not run the air conditioning. Needless to say it was tooooo HOT for me to sleep at night! Horrible! During the day the air conditioning was not on either and it was in the 80's!5)People were loitering the hall and just hanging outside by their hotel rooms and management did not do anything about it. We had small kids and they were cussing and yelling (even though they had children too).6) The restaurant on site - was ridiculously priced. A Grilled Salmon wtih veggies was $21.95. Steaks were $24.95. there is a lunch menu with sandwiches but they will not give it to you unless you ask for it during dinner!THE GOOD: 1)Free Cook to Order Breakfast2) Free shuttle to and from the airport 3) Friendly front desk staff**Needless to say I would not stay here again just because of the air conditioning situation.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Orchidwmn
<Content>Just Ok, not a stellar experience We stayed at this hotel because of its' location to the airport. Overall the hotel was nice, although the rooms were somewhat out of date. The lobby was very nice, although the only restrooms were located upstairs. The courtyard area was nice in April, when the weather was not extreme. We had problems with both the TV and the internet service. The air conditioner ran the entire time we were there, and was barely doing the job. It was only in the mid 80's, so I can imagine it would be insufficient if it would have been really hot. The bathroom was tiny, to the point where you had to back up to the tub to even shut the door. The sink area is in the bedroom, so it is impossible for one to sleep if the other one has to get up. The blackout curtains were nice, and actually worked. The linens needed updating. Because of flight differences, I stayed at the hotel for several hours after my husband, and did find the staff very friendly and the shuttle service to the hotel convenient and efficient.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	4	4	3	2	

<Author>TravellerforBusiness
<Content>Great value for money!       Fountain inside Hotel  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ntravinsky
<Content>spacious rooms        1 Bedroom Suite-living area  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>YoPedro
<Content>Pleasant Hotel with Big Roomy Rooms... I traveled to Phoenix on business in February and stayed at the Embassy Suites Phoenix Airport for two nights. I was very impressed with the big roomy rooms. I've never stayed in an Embassy Suites before, so I don't know if they are all like this, but it had a front room with a bedroom in the back, a nice desk and TV out front and a separate TV and table in the bedroom. It just seemed very classy and like the kind of place you could actually bear staying at for several days of business or fun. I liked the big central courtyard with the pool (though I didn't use the pool) and the 24 hour snack shop near the front desk was useful... :) Perhaps the very best part was the awesome custom cooked free breakfast in the dining room. The chef there takes your order and cooks eggs/pancakes/sausage/ etc to your liking and then you add fruit etc and your off to a great start for the day...Problems: (just a couple)1) The line at breakfast was always just a bit too long2) They charged extra for internet access ($10/day). Given the price you pay for the room, you'd think they could throw in the internet for free.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	5	5	2	

<Author>sallybjo
<Content>Hot ,noisy, dirty but food is good According the hotel, in the fall season the air conditioning has to be turned off to be ready for winter. Unfortunately the conference participants staying in the hotel were not informed of this fact. The weather was in the 80's during the day and our room was 85+ at night. A few fans were given out but the only window in our suite faced the busy street on the ground floor and had no screen. We requested a room change but were told none were available. Repeated complaints to the front desk resulted in several free meals at the restaurant- which actually was very good and, oddly, airconditioned unlike the rooms. Nothing was done about the room temperature or the screens or the fan which fell out of the open window.A month after our stay there was an expose on Good Morning America of the cleaning practices at this hotel. They showed cleaning staff wiping floors with used towels and then using the same towels to clean drinking glasses. It wasn't that surprising after our stay.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>MissPoovey
<Content>Great shuttle service We booked through the 800 number and were told we had the last smoking room available. However, when we arrived at 9am the smoking rooms were gone...hmmm. When the staff realized I would be in my jammies smoking by the pool, a room opened and we moved to it.That is what keeps the hotel from being above average. The shuttle service is excellent. We used the service from airport to hotel and from the hotel to the Heart Hospital where my father was being treated. They always arrived with in 20 min. and were pleasant.I cannot recommend any of the Indian Casino's. The drinks were 5 dollars and alittle warm. The slots were exspensive. No penny slots. Everything nickels and quarters (I take that back, there were 5 machines that were 2 cent). Most of the ticket machines were non-functional and you had to go to the cashier and wait in line.Sorry, back to the hotel. The Embassy Suites had a great cooked to order breakfast. Everything on the menu, eggs,bacon sausage hashbrowns along with the usual bagels and coffee and juice. This was included in the room. Also included in the room rate were free cocktails from 5:30 to 7:30 every evening. The usual well drinks, draft beer ( light and dark) and wine. Unusual was frozen drinks were also included.This hotel has some great perks for only approx. 28 dollars more than the Comfort Inn right down the street. I believe the 28 dollars were more than spent by myself and my sister on the breakfasts not to mention the free cocktails.I recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>podoho
<Content>good place to stay stayed last Sat night there - hotel is undergoing renovation - it needs it, but not in a bad way - the hotel is starting to look a little worn, but nothing terrible - just needs some smell things, like touch up on the paint job, and some renovation in the rooms - rooms starting to look a little outdated - our room was clean, quiet on the 4th floor - no complaints, just would prefer a more updated room which will most likely happen once they're finished with their renovations - front desk staff were WONDERFUL - very helpful - breakfast buffet delicious as usual - in terms of pricing/value - most decent places in PHX will be at least 125-150 dollars a night in the winter months - we paid 159 but remember that includes a full hot breakfast buffet with omeletes cooked to order, which would normally run 20-30 dollars if we had to run out on a Sunday morning battling all of the Sunday brunch crowd, so I felt it was worth the money - I would stay there again -  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>MarkEStevens
<Content>Bad Service, Bad Facility, Bad Stay This is the worst Embassy I have stayed. The airport shuttle service took over 1 hour and three calls to pick me up. Each call said they were on their way and would be there in 10 minutes or less. The hotel is only 5 minutes. I was given a free dinner coupon for my troubles, but the restaurant was not very good either.The hotel is old and should be sold or rebuilt. I asked for a quiet room, especially since loud construction was going on in the courtyard and placed in a room next to a busy street that was very loud. Especially with the cracks in the sliding glass window to the street. After trying to nap before a meeting, I gave up and asked to move. The desk person informed me that all the king rooms were on that busy side and placed me in a double bed room that was quiet. Why didn't the first person at the desk tell me that when I explained being sick and requested a quiet room?When I tried to use the internet service, the instructions given to me from the front desk were wrong. I eventually figured out the correct sign on myself and it did work. I would never recommend anyone stay at this hotel. The Marriott a block closer to the airport is much nicer for just a little more!  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	2	1	1	2	

<Author>Hedgehog075
<Content>Embassy Suites Phoenix on 44th - Wonderful This hotel was wonderful! The hotel itself is beautiful, built around a lovely courtyard. The rooms were spacious and the beds were incredibly comfortable. The staff went above and beyond. I left my purse in the courtyard, and the waiter recognized it and returned it to me before I even realized I'd left it behind. The staff went out of their way to be accommodating and helpful and pleasant. The food in the restaurant was very good. The fitness room was in excellent condition with 2 treadmills, 2 ellipticals, one stationery bike, plenty of free weights, and lots of towels.There were some minor things that I didn't like -- the bathroom in my suite was on the small side; the wifi was not free and on occasion there was difficulty connecting from the meeting rooms; there were no public restrooms on the 3rd floor anywhere near the Ocotillo conference room that we used for our public meeting (the staff had to open a guest room for us to use throughout the day); there was no room service before 11 am. However, these were generally minor issues.And with the wifi, there was a charge to room option, which meant no need to sign in, make up a password, no need to enter a credit card number, etc. I would definitely stay here again if I ever get back to Phoenix.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>hdblue
<Content>Absolutely Gross !!!       The room  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>dowdynuke
<Content>sweltering indoors in phoenix I don't even know where to began. I have stayed in over twenty Embassy suites over the last eleven Years. First of all We booked this room because it was about twenty dollars cheaper than the other hotels in the chain. I was a little nervous, but I had never stayed at a bad embassy. The web site doesn't mention this but 80% of the rooms are outside with front and back entrances leading to the outside. On this particular day it was 110 degrees in Phoenix. When we arrived we were hot. We had driven for two twelve hour days in the sun, and just wanted to relax. We checked in, front desk staff courteous. Gave us our room key and we went on our way. First thing we noticed upon walking in the room was the smell. It was very musty and the room was a COMFORTABLE 87 degrees. The air was completely off. So we turned it down and waited for it to cool off. Not so lucky. After two hours the room was only down to 77 degrees and it wasn't going any lower. I am on medication and am supposed to watch my heat exposure and I was already way too hot. Then I saw a sign that said you have to pay for internet and local calls. Also not on their website. Called the front desk to complain...then went to the front desk to inform them about the air. They said they would send maintenance and I was a gold member so the internet was free. 30 more minutes pass. I make another call. Oh they haven't been there yet? He probably doesn't have his radio. I'll look for him. Can I speak to a manager? Oh there's not one on the property. As I am standing over a letter that says if you don't rate us a ten call the manager on duty. We will find someone and give you a call. Ok...twenty more minutes pass now I am calling the 1-800 hilton number. Oh and by the way the internet is down. Or isn't strong enough to reach your room. Temperature is still 76 degrees. Finally an hour after the first call maintenance shows up. Meanwhile hilton honors is trying to get me in another hotel. When hilton finally reaches the manager she says if they leave they still have to pay. By the way this was also after asking to switch rooms. We were told there were no other available rooms. Finally three hours after checking in we were released to go somewhere else. We ended up in a beautiful hotel, for twenty more dollars a night. I do not believe our problem would have been resolved so QUICKLY if we had not been Hilton honors gold members. By the way maintenance took the cover off the air conditioner, took it apart and put it back together again and said it was fixed. Temperature upon checking out 76 degrees. Stay away if you can.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	5	1	-1	

<Author>winsomeone
<Content>Forget Park  I live in northern Arizona about two hours away from Sky Harbor Airport,and my family and I always stay in a hotel the night before a flight. I have stayed in many airport hotels but will never stay here again. We arrived late in the evening and signed up for an early morning shuttle to the airport. The pool was about 100 degrees and offered no respite from the 115 degree heat. The rooms are definately dated and the location is in a less than optimal neighborhood. The breakfast wasn't bad, but I've had better at other Embassy Suites. When I returned one week later at 2:00 on a Saturday afternoon I called for a pickup. I was told that no shuttle was available so I should to take a cab to the hotel and they would reimburse the driver $16. When the cab driver asked to be paid, they refused to pay him and I was stuck with the bill! They said they had no record of my stay, so I asked the manager, Tamara Carter, if she wanted to see my receipt. She did, so I dug through my luggage and produced a receipt for my $142 stay. She then said that I had neglected to sign in when I arrived the week before, so she couldn't reimburse me for the cab ride. She pointed out that if I had parked at the airport, it would have cost me a lot more than $16. I pointed out that I wouldn't have stayed at their hotel had I known they were going to charge me for the transportation. This hotel administration is obviously trying to cut expenses by not paying for a shuttle and sticking it to the hotel guests. I have never found myself in this situation despite three to four trips to Sky Harbor per year for the past ten years. There are many other airport hotels in Phoenix. Avoid this one.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>politicallyincorrect
<Content>Not the greatest We are regular guests at various Embassy Suites and Hilton products. While the location is great, this one is a bust. The hotel is very dated and in need of a LOT of work. Very noisy, not only within the hotel, but the construction noise (even on the weekend) early in the morning. The bathrooms are very small and have plumbing problems. Front doors of rooms are old, not very energy efficient or sound proofed. The front desk staff could use a really good lesson on manners, professionalism, and genuine hospitality. They could use a little polishing up and professional conversational skills.The complimentary breakfast is great, and the staff in there is warm  accomodating. Manager's reception is kind of sad w/ plastic cups instead of glass. The pool area is nice but the pool itself could use a good scrub down. Slimey, dirty tiles.Could be a real gem since it is an older property/building and could get some of it's original character back with some renovating, and better front desk staff.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	2	2	

<Author>twistin
<Content>Go-to no more This used to be our go-to hotel for the night before we'd fly out of Phoenix, since it's handy to the airport and offers free breakfast. However, our most recent stay was a disappointment. Previously we'd had a room on the quieter side of the property. This time our bedroom window was next to a busy street. Traffic noise kept me awake, as did the cold draft from the air vent, which blows across the bed. The property is starting to show its age. Carpeting was stained, the front of the TV cabinet was gouged, plumbing lines make lots of racket, and so on. Also, a couple of duh notes to management:--In the bathroom sink of our room (401), the hot and cold faucets were on the wrong sides. Hot should be on the left. --You can't create a nonsmoking suite simply by calling it so. You need to fumigate everything so it doesn't smell like an old ashtray.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>sjn6
<Content>Wonderful hotel and staff.... We are a party of 6, and it is difficult to find a nice hotel that will accomodate all of us. We went to Phoenix spur of the moment, to escape the cold in the mid west. We called around and the Embassy Suites Hotel was the best deal, and even a better deal when we arrived there. The rooms were just the right size for 2 adults and 4 children. The boys loved the pool. The staff was excellent, the breakfast was great. The crew that works the breakfast were so nice, and so accomodating. Miss them already. Thanks for a job well done. Will stay at your hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>airsquid2
<Content>Who do they think they are? I'm a pilot and I stay in many hotels. This is the first time that I've PAID for internet access and was then censored as to what I could view in the privacy of my own room. The last time I dealt with something like this was in the Middle East. I will not stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	2	2	1	

<Author>HEK_Mom
<Content>Little fans do not make a hotel luxurious We've stayed in many Embassy Suites across the country before, so we felt fairly confident in booking a suite at this one. There was a bit of difficulty getting to the hotel due to road construction. The staff was helpful at check in, though they directed us to park by an elevator that was out of order. Fortunately, there were several other elevators. The outside of the building was lovely, as was the pool. The room, on the other hand, was not. The wall in the living room behind the sofa was filthy! The furniture was very dated and worn. One of the lampshades had several holes in it. My teen tossed and turned all night on the torture rack of the sofa-bed. Everywhere you looked, there was a little pleated fan - on ice bucket liner, the paper towel rack, even on the toilet paper. I hate to break it the management, but a little fan does not make it a desirable luxurious room. We were exhausted from our travels, so we decided to try the restaurant on the property for dinner. That was a huge mistake. My asian chicken salad came with tomatoes, which the wait staff assured me was really bell peppers. It wasn't. The other food had equally odd flavors. The cooked to order breakfast the next morning was very nice, though there was quite a long line.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>cattravel
<Content>Park and Ride Rip Off Beware of an offer to park your car at embassy suites as an alternate to Airport parking. With words and verbal promises, they will offer you a free shuttle to and from the airport, but this is a lie. When you return, they will deny picking you up unless you have a room booked. You will be forced to pay a $16 cab fair for the 5 minute ride.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kootchers
<Content>Home away from home! I stayed at Embassy Suites from July 6th to the 8th, and it was an enjoyable experience. The front desk staff is helpful and always smiling. The rooms were spacious and clean. The courtyard is expansive and above all CLEAN. They have a large covered patio area taht has two TV's, a perfect place to have a cold drink after a long convention. I needed to print some documents fron my flash drive, so I went to the front desk to ask where I could find a Kinkos or an Office Max. The woman at the front desk printed them for me! Unbelievable! They also have a computer where you can access the internet, which I fiound out later in my stay. Staying here was a pleasant experience.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Gr8ful321
<Content>Value Packed Embassy Suites I felt that the Embassy Suites Phoenix Airport at 44th Street is worth the hotel for the price, as a person gets what they pay for. The complex consists of a four story, courtyard style hotel with five glass elevators and five sets of stairs. The hotel has security gates controlled by room keys. The fitness room is on the third floor, and the Agave Grill (onsite restaurant) is located on the north end of the facility. Some portions of the room are dated, like the flooring in the bathroom and the popcorn ceiling, but rooms are clean and spacious. The kitchenette and bathroom sink are made of high quality granite. The kitchenette also has a microwave, mini refrigerator, bar sink, coffee maker and four sets of coffee mugs and glasses. The two room suite has a work desk with telephone and task chair, sofa sleeper (we did not use this), chair, and TV. The second room with the bed has a bureau that doubles as a TV cabinet and clothing storage with ironing board.Staff at the hotel, from the front desk, management, restaurant personnel, and maid service were outstanding. I felt the hotel was well maintained. My husband, who loves the room temperature at freezing levels, was not pleased with the air conditioning because he felt the air was not cold enough.The hot, cooked to serve breakfast was outstanding, and so is the nightly manager's receptiion at the Agave Grill (no cost).With regard to comments of those fearful of the neighborhood . . . I walked across the street to a grocery store named Food City. I would consider this a more ethnic oriented area. A person who is not used to being around people who are financially challenged may be afraid. However, a crime can happen anywhere - rich or poor neighborhood. Each person would have to make an individual call on the neighborhood.Overall, I felt our stay was enjoyable and certainly in line with what we paid.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelfrmaz
<Content>Good for Short Stays or Business I stayed here for four days and three nights on a business trip. When I first arrived I was given a room next to the elevator on the 2nd floor. When I made the reservations it was for a fourth floor room by the pool. When I realized where my room was I went back down the desk and requested a new room. That request was granted however still on the 2nd floor. However, the room was wonderful. I had no complaints about the room or the service at all. The entire hotel stall was wonderful and very accomodating. Our meetings were held at the hotel also and they were very nicely handled and the food we were served was wonderul also. The hotel was completely booked the entire time that our party but you would have never known it. The pool was relaxing and well maintained. They would even leave the pool open later then normal since most of the guests were in meetings and dinner parties so when we got back to relax it was nice that we could have some pool time. The breakfasts were wonderful and the cook was funny and a great start for the day. The cocktain reception was fun and a great place to meet the other guests that were there. The room was kept clean and like I said before there were no complaints. However if you are wanting to walk at all around the outside of the hotel area I wouldnt recommend it, as well at the staff not recommending it. Its not a great area of Phx to be out alone walking, even in the daytime as far as I was concerned. However I did it one time in the daytime but was scared. You can hear other guests shower and toilet going when they were being used so that was noisey. But that's in most hotels I guess. For a one night stay it would be great, however for extended stay and something super special you should stay somewhere else perhaps. Other then that I have nothing really bad to say.  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Allabouttrips
<Content>Enjoyed the Embassy Suites I was a little nervous staying at this Embassy Suites after reading some of the reviews, but was pleasantly surprised. I just returned home after staying there two nights. First, I found the staff to be outstanding. Everyone was very friendly and went out of there way to help. Second, the rooms were quite nice. They were very spacious and the bed was comfortable. While this hotel is not really near anything except for the airport, I didn't mind since my meeting was at the hotel. I would recommend this hotel for someone who doesn't mind location. It definitely exceeded my expectations.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK FOR AN OVERNIGHT STAY Just returned from a one night stay here.Upside: close to airport; front desk and restaurant staff were helpful; close to Heard museum and Desert Botanical gardens and chinese cultural center;Downside: - rooms were not in the greatest of conditions; Friday evening around 6:00 we arrived to a lot of people around the courtyard drinking and being quite loud; there was a big line up for the hot food area at breakfast time so if you have an early plane to catch - get to the breakfast area early; If I were returning again, I would probably try another hotel close to the airport.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Kitsilano
<Content>Would happily stay here again. We spent eight of the past nine nights (March 10 - 18)at this hotel, and had no problem with it. Breakfast was good, the pool very appealing, and the complimentary Happy Hour jovial. Service was cheerful and friendly - both room service and restaurant. The location is quite central in far-flung Phoenix, and handy to the airport and freeways. There's a good grocery store a couple of blocks away, and the hotel provides barbecues and dishes if you want to dine in. A room on the east side will be quieter than the west; some people using the parking lot after hours can be noisy.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would not stay here again I have stayed at many Embassy Suites, and this is the first one that has disappointed me. We stayed in room 315. It was March and the weather outside was a little cooler than normal, but the room inside was still warm. I tried to turn on the air conditioning, but it would not work. I called the Front Desk. The man told me that they were in Neutral mode which meant that none of the rooms got air conditioning that day. He told me to open the balcony door to let in cool air. At 5:00 pm, all it let in was the hot afternoon sun with no breeze. Also, my room balcony faced a very busy street, so it was very noisy. Plus, there was no screen on the door. The next day it was supposed to be much warmer outside, so I asked the man if they would turn on the A/C tomorrow. He said no. The room was a little outdated. The modem port was on the end table next to the couch, not at the dining table/desk, which made working there on your computer almost impossible. The bathroom only contained the toilet and shower; the sink area is right in the bedroom. The sleeper sofa was not comfortable at all; do not plan to have anyone sleep on it. The balcony was barely big enough to hold one person.The hotel is not in a very good area, although it is convenient to highways and the airport. I would not stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>heownby
<Content>Band kids were not well controlled, resturant service bad Husband, dtr, and I stayed here in order to get flight out next morning. Hotel room as expected for Embassy Suites, Noise level on bedroom side from road very loud and disturbing. H.S. band in hotel for Fiesta Bowl were still running wild at 11pm. Service at resturant was terrible, food mediocre. Would not eat there again, would not stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>1	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>katunes
<Content>Great hotel at reasonable rate   showReview(3431644, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bamaman
<Content>Nice Place   showReview(3345103, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SeattleERnurse
<Content>I thought it was fabulous!   showReview(3312407, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not as bad as reviews   showReview(3286014, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definitely, not worth the money   showReview(3236997, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SWAUSHORN
<Content>You've got to be kidding me!   showReview(2977573, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>irvoc_78
<Content>I got more sleep on airplane flights!   showReview(2700048, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What this location has going for it   showReview(2528675, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vabeachlady
<Content>Great value!   showReview(2515350, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice!   showReview(2062343, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈嗐仯銇熴倞锛嗐亹銇ｃ仚銈?#x201d;   showReview(19170309, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉儵銉冦偗銈广仐銇熸檪闁?#x201d;   showReview(19168884, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

