<Author>Haytraveler
<Content>Disappointment in New Orleans We decided on a last minute trip to New Orleans for the night to celebrate the new year with friends so I called the hotel directly the night before our visit. The clerk said yes we have a room for tomorrow night but you are within the 24 hour cancellation policy is this OK with you? I said sure, no problem we'll be there after dinner tomorrow night. When we went to check in after dinner the next night we were told that there was a problem and our reservation was for the next night. They had no room for us but they did have a part of a suite that had a queen sized sofa bed that we could have for the same $240 price. Someone else would be staying in the main part of the suite but there is a door that locks between the two rooms.I said I would hope that they could do better than that since they made a mistake with our reservation. The manager was so rude and ugly and said that I probably told her the wrong date. I said that I never even gave her a date I told her tomorrow night. How would I know about the cancellation policy if I had told her two nights from now. He said that he knew his clerk was not an idiot so this must be my mistake. He then said take it or leave it someone else will come along and pay the $240 to have a bed for the night. Needless to say we left and will never return to Royal Sonesta again. We left and had a lovely room and service at the Westin Canal Place.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2009
<Rating>1	1	-1	4	-1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lawone
<Content>Would definately go back... My husband and I stayed at the Royal Sonesta last fall during football season. Having been to New Orleans at least a dozen times, I've stayed in many of the boutique hotels in the area. I really liked Royal Sonesta. It's in a great location if you want to be in the midst of the hustle and bustle of the French Quarter. The lobby is beautiful with large fresh arrangments everywhere and a classy decor. The courtyard is nice, albeit quite typical of the area. The hotel has a rooftop pool and bar, as well. Our room opened up to the patio overlooking the courtyard. Unfortunately, the patios at this hotel are not private, but the view is nice nonetheless. The staff of this hotel was probably about the best I've seen. My only complaint with this hotel (which was probably not preventable) was the incredibly loud fire alarm that went off in the wee hours of the night multiple times.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>cami1978
<Content>Great location, but disappointing service The service was disappointing -- we were asked to move our car by the valet AFTER he watched us park it and remove our luggage. He was unapologetic and said those spots are for trucks only -- good to know that large trucks get great parking spots but drivers of economy cars have to walk the garage.Check-in was curt, but quick. When we asked where the elevators were, she seemed annoyed by the question, but answered.Room was fine. Smoking still seems to be allowed in the hallways, which was kindof strange since most hotels have banned smoking at this point.Bed was comfortable. Street noise could be heard, but wasn't overwhelming on a weeknight in December. Coffee shop staff was great the next morning.Convenience is key. If you want to walk the Quarter, this is the place. And the $78 rate I got was unbeatable. Only disappointment was the service.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>3	5	3	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>dianedennis55
<Content>Royal Sonesta Fine But Earplugs May Be Necessary       Outside picture  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>GlassLadyHouston_TX
<Content>Nice but not what was reserved I made reservations for the Royal Tower and received confirmation thru email directly with their website. I even phoned to confirm our room the day before arrival. Upon arrival we were told we had not reserved a room in the Royal Tower, very rudely by the desk manager. He also said there were no rooms available in the tower and that they were closing it after Sunday due to being only 22% full, which we found to be untrue. He did offer us a free breakfast. Again he was very rude and kept asking us well what do you want? Our room was ok. Nice bed and bedding and quite room. Sunday brunch was excellent and the hotel location can't be beat.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	1	3	3	

<Author>highloyo
<Content>Everything Was Perfect (except for noisy neighbors) I changed hotels after watching Laura MacKenzie's show featuring NO during the holidays. Her show showed the Royal Sonesta decorated for the holidays and knew it would please my wife to stay there. The lobby was beautifully arranged with Christmas trees and other holiday decorations everywhere. The service was very good from the reception desk to the bellman, concierge and doorman. Everyone was very friendly. The room was very clean with a large flat screen tv. The bed was comfy but I wish they would use queens instead of doubles in rooms with two beds. The bathroom amenities seem to be high quality and always replenished. A daily newspaper was hanging on my door every morning. The location, right on Bourbon St. can't be beaten. We did have a problem on two separate nights where hotels guests returning to their rooms around 2 - 3 am were very inconsiderate of other guests by what seem like yelling in the hallways. My other gripe are hotels that don't provide free internet access. I guess it's easy money for them.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>SanMogal
<Content>Love the decor We went there for a girls getaway week. Our room was very spacious. There were 2 queen beds, a sitting area, a huge bathroom with tub and sepaarate shower stalls. The bathroom was large enough to accomadate3 girls and all of our hari products and make it.The hotel was nicely decorated, great location on Bourbon St. Our room had a double french door that openen into the main patio area. It was very nice.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>cliff_rock
<Content>Nice Hotel on Bourbon Street Stayed here for two nights in conjunction with a conference. Had a King room w/ a sidestreet (i.e. not Bourbon Street) view. The room was a bit small but perfectly fine. Pretty nice bedding and furnishings in good shape, new flat TV. Bath was pretty average, not too impressed w/ the shower, towels were fine.Gym was OK, not very big. Two decent treadmills, ellipticals, bikes. Some weight equipment. A little stuffy. Did not use the outdoor pool, but it's in a beautiful courtyard and looks quite nice w/ lots of deck/chair space.Service at the hotel was great. Desk staff, concierge, bell, door. All superb. That is really the reason I'd return - along w/ the charm of this classic property. Good on site dining, bar, etc., too.Some final points you may find useful:* If you don't have an interior view, you're going to hear some street noise at all hours. * If you're a business traveller, you may be disappointed there is no desk in the room. There was a sidetable w/ the Internet port, but there wasn't a power strip or similar to charge all your fun devices.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>holman35
<Content>Another great time at the Royal Sonesta! My wife and I have travelled to New Orleans nine times since our first trip in 1999 (pre  post Katrina), including business conferences, three Jazz Fests and some R  R get-a-ways. Our most recent trip was this year the weekend before Thanksgiving (Nov 22 -25). Our first stay in N.O. was at the Royal Sonesta in '99, we booked a Petite Suite. Since then, we have stayed at the Chateau Sonesta (3x), the Iberville Suites, the Pavillion, the Hotel Intercontinental and, for our last three visits, the Royal Sonesta again. Except for our initial stay at the Royal Sonesta, we have made it a habit to book a side-street balcony room (Bienville or Conti). We have stayed on the Bienville side twice and on our most recent trip we had a Conti room. My preference, due to some noise issues would be the Bienville side.As always, the Royal Sonesta location, staff and amenities were top-notch. If you want to stay in the heart of the French Quarter, this is your hotel. Remember, however, that it is located right on Bourbon St. If you want to be a little farther away from the action, you might want to book another Quarter hotel, or one on Canal or in the CBD.All of that being said, we had a great time once again and will be back to Royal Sonesta for Jazz Fest '09.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>reeses64eyes
<Content>Loved Sonesta but did not hear back when I made an inquiry My family and I had a wonderful stay. The room we had faced Bourbon Street. It was very quiet and comfortable. All staff we encountered were courteous and helpful.We are not superstitious people but did have an unexplained experience while staying there on the fifth floor. I emailed out of curiousity to see if any other customers had made a comment regarding our room. No one ever contacted me.We stayed five nights and my husband and I experienced the same phenomena, but did not compare notes until the second day. We did not feel threatened or anything but felt a rolling sensation at the foot of our bed (every night). My husband said he felt at one time like something was kicking the bed toward the wall. On the day of our departure I was sitting on the foot of the bed waiting for my husband to finish up in the bathroom when I heard and sensed what felt like a small animal dragging a leash run across the floor in front of me.Please let me know if anything occurred in this room or fifth floor that may explain what we experienced.Loved the Sonesta even with the weird experience!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ebchristie
<Content>sparkling hotel The lobby is sparkling with crystal chandeliers, fresh flowers, water features, doormen donning royal attire, and comfortable seating areas. Upon arrival, you do indeed feel royal. Our room was average in size, but very nicely appointed. For the price that we paid, it was excellent. Have stayed here many times and we always enjoy it. Location is great and the service is quite good. Parking is pricey, but it is at all hotels in New Orleans.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>LouisianaFireball
<Content>Rowdy Neighbors First, I'll start with the positives....it's a beautiful hotel, located right on Bourbon St. Amazingly enough, the noise on Bourbon was barely heard during the middle of the night. However, the neighbors we had next door were young party animals. The little fellow was so drunk he banged on our door @ 4am thinking it was his room and ended up sleeping outside our door until 6am! We stayed two nights and both nights, no sleep for us! If you plan on staying here, just remember, it's on Bourbon St. and most travelers want to be ON Bourbon because of easy party time access. If you want to visit New Orleans for other reasons, there are other wonderful boutique hotels located all around the French Quarter that may not house rowdy neighbors, who are ready to party all night. And it was the weekend.....so, maybe during the week it's a little quieter. We were quite disappointed with the hotels inability to keep the inside noise to a minimum.Second, the rooms are a bit tiny, so if your going as a group, you'll be stepping on top each other.Would I stay there again, probally not. I've stayed at other hotels around the French Quarter, that were more spacious, quiet, just as elegant and a little less expensive. But, would I discourage you from staying there if your a party animal, nope, it's the perfect spot!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>jenfra
<Content>We enjoyed our stay / but things could be learnt from our long stay My husband  i spent ten day,s at the Royal Sonesta we had a lovely room which opened out onto the pool  garden area this was lovely and very peaceful.The people we met who worked in the hotel were very nice Russell helped us with the choice of trips we were going to go on  he recommended some very nice places to eat and Malcolm the doorman what a gentle man he took very good care of us from the day we stepped out the taxi both these men were gentlemen.We had room service our first morning this was very nice and we did not wait long before it came to our room,the rest of the mornings we ate in the breakfast dinning room the service there was so good you give it enough praise the ladies who waited on our table were lovely they made us feel as if we were friends who had come bye for a visit and when we went for the Sunday brunch it was out of this world again everyone was nice  very helpful.the down side of the hotel was we were there for ten days and we did not have a coffee/tea maker in the room we had to ask for one then we thought it would be standard practice to replace the tea coffee milk  sugar every day but when we asked we were told we had to pay for that privilege we thought we were paying for it because we were staying so long.The fact we stayed so long the staff passed comment on this it seems that long weekends are classed as a long stay so we thought we would have had been entitled to some kind of reward but that was not to be.The day we checked out was a night mare we had asked for a print out of the extra's we had up to the day before we checked out we got this the day before looked at it and it add up to what we thought it was going to be but the next day was a different story for breakfast for two, the use of the internet and i have forgot what the third thing was it had jumped up by $200 over night the staff at front of house with the exception of Russel could all do with learning people skills they did not have the manners that the rest of the employee's had so what was a good stay with a few teething problems became a nightmare we arrived home October 11th about three weeks later we were billed for the two bottles of water that was in the room when we arrived we thought they were complimentary wrong we had to pay for them as well .we would go back but i would not go for as long as you seem to get better treatment lost of complimentary things we were there for my husband 50th birthday i would have liked to have gone back for mines but after eating drinking and going to the Friday night show we payed a lot of money out and they could not even give us a free tea/coffee.but once again thank you to all the staff that was helpfull caring  kind they were the people that made our stay worth it. Yours Ann Young  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>sinerex
<Content>Best Bang for the Buck! First if your young or just young at heart and looking to be smack dab in the center of action. Look no further! This hotel is right in the heat of the action. The service was amazing! I went and booked a romantic weekend package. Ended up paying 650$ and received accomadations in a 600$ a night room. We had a turn down service with champagne, candles, and chocolate. They sprinkled roses on the bed floor, truly amazing. We had complimentary breakfast in bed, lunch in the court of two sisters which runs about 70$ includes a jazz grp free again, dinner at their 4 diamond restaurant which we didnt get to go to... darn partying. I would recommend the interior rooms, we had a patio pool level. It was very nice, doors opened up to the interior courtyard. I could sleep at night which was nice. If you think this place only parties during marti gras your wrong! So if you sleep light, sleep on the inside. I will be coming back again, thanks for the awesome memories you made my proposal weekend perfect!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>pateann
<Content>Royal treatment What a wonderful experience. Simply the best. 5 star accommodation. Super clean and comfortable. Had booked pool patio room but on arrival changed to Bourbon balcony. The room was sound proof once closing the door. Loved all the action below in the street. The hotel surprised us with a delicious birthday cake for my husbands' 60th and complementary breakfast for the length of our stay. Highly reccomend this hotel  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Byfaith
<Content>Best on Bourbon St.       Lobby  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>angiegirlNewJersey
<Content>Loved it.       Beautiful flowers in the Lobby  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>jaybean
<Content>Will definitely be back       Room 2113  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>julievojo
<Content>Great location, tiny rooms Nice hotel in a great location, but very overpriced. The room was small and not very well maintained. Parking was also overpriced and the scratched my spouse's custom car when the valet parked it.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>rhymeswithhen
<Content>Great location! Just returned from a long weekend with 14 friends celebrating a couple of big birthdays. We booked a pool baclony room and upon (early) arrival were given what may be the worst room in the hotel. It was right next to the laundry room, was VERY loud and had no balcony. After waiting on hold for 5 minutes, we returned to the lobby with our luggage. The staff was very friendly and graciously acknowledged that it was their error. We were moved to a new room and it was so much better. It was located on the pool level, but at the opposite end. We were able to enjoy the benefits of the pool and bar, but without ANY of the noise. The bed and pillows were comfortable and the a/c worked great!The location couldn't be better. Everything you need is a short walk away. The lobby bar was a great place to hang out while waiting for everyone in our large group to gather before dinner. There is also a small bar facing Bourbon that was good for people watching while deciding where to go next. We also spent some time in the interior courtyard outside of the lounge. It was just a cool little gathering spot surrounded by orange trees. The poolside bar was good, but it was really crowded and there were only 2 guys working it. One of the guys told us they had 3 people scheduled but they told the 3rd to stay home so the 2 of them could make more money. They were clearly regretting that decision. Overall, we had a good experience. We would definitely return to this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>derek1407
<Content>Very nice hotel Very nice hotel. The reception area is extremely nice. The rooms are also very nice with large flat screens although they are quite small.Very good breakfast. Very good location though as a result quite noisy.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>MeghanR333
<Content>Not all it was cracked up to be While the hotel itself was very pretty and luxurious looking, we were not all that pleased with our stay. The hotel itself, although it was on Bourbon St, seemed to be far from anything we wanted to do except Bourbon St. The rooms were nice and the beds great but the satellite kept going in and out while we were trying to watch tv and no one came to fix it when we called. The pool was small and therefore seemed to always be really packed. It cost a minimum $7 to use the internet even if just for a minute, so we couldn't print our boarding passes. Overall it was a nice hotel, but unless the price was right we probably wouldn't stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>2	3	5	2	4	2	4	1	

<Author>NinthCircle
<Content>We will definitely come back to the RS Great location right on Bourbon Street. The oyster bar (Desire) is quite good and, unlike the Acme around the corner, has an actual wine list. The lounge is large and comfortable.Excellent, friendly service. Comfortable room with stocked minibar. Air conditioning, good lighting, comfy bed with plenty of pillows. The Royal Sonesta will definitely be our go-to hotel and I did not see any other hotel in NOLA that seemed preferable.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SLRNewOrleans
<Content>New Orleans Natives Playing Tourist We live in New Orleans and celebrate our anniversary each year by staying in the Quarter and playing tourist. The Royal Sonesta is our favorite place to stay. It is a beautiful hotel and everyone is very helpful. We stayed for two nights and my husband and I had a room with a king bed. The room was large and comfortable. My 16 year old daughter and my 85 year old mom shared a room with two double beds. It was a handicapped room and it was larger than some suites we have stayed in. I had requested a refrigerator when I booked the room (since we need it for medicine), but it was not there. When I called the front desk they repeatedly apologized and literally within minutes the refrigerator was delivered.  Early check in is never a problem. They take your bags and lock them in a safe area behind the front desk. When your room is ready they deliver them to your room. If you arrive early, leave your bags and go start enjoying your vacation.  If you are worried about staying on Bourbon Street because you have children, you can use the side street door and never step foot on Bourbon. Local hint: after dark walk up and down Bourbon to get to your hotel or to Jackson Square because there are always people on it. Also, the local police station is almost directly behind the hotel. When checking prices for the Royal Sonesta check their website and AAA also. Our rooms were $92.00 and included a coupon book (try these two web sites for coupons and info about new orleans www.neworleanscvb.com and www.neworleansonline.com). You can find a very wide variety of prices for the same room. The rooms facing Bourbon Street are always more expensive and noisy, so we never stay in those BUT if you don't mind the noise, having a balcony room on Bourbon is fun. We usually get rooms near the pool or in other sections of the hotel. After staying in different hotels, we tend to return to the Royal Sonesta because the rooms are nice and it is the best location (Bourbon Street is in front of the hotel and Royal Street is behind the hotel) . Brennans and Galatories restaurants are less than a block away. Pat O'Brien's, the Aquarium, Instectarium , Jackson Square, French Market Doughnuts (beignets), Central Grocery (get a muffuletta sandwich), Johnny's poboys, the streetcars, Canal Place, Harrah's, the Riverwalk, etc. are all within a few short blocks and easy walking distance - I am in a leg brace and have trouble walking distances. Also there is a nice local grocery (Rousses) nearby and you can get snacks, drinks, and local grocery items (beignet mix, seasoning mixes, N.O. style coffee) much cheaper there than in the hotel or tourist places. We have never used room service so I can't tell you what that is like. The Royal Sonesta also has a parking garage underneath the hotel (enter from either side streets) and for about $31you can park your car. It includes in and out service so if you want to drive to the zoo (don't miss it if you have kids with you) or to Jean Lafitte National Park (you can walk on the boardwalks through the swamps/wetlands and see alligators, snakes, etc.). Plan to park your car yourself if you come in anytime other than regular working hours (write down the parking space number). If you do let them park it and when you go to leave no one is around, pick up the phone on the wall and someone will be there shortly. The Royal Sonesta is also close to the Canal Street ferry (next to the aquarium). The pedestrian crossing is free. You can ride the ferry across the Mississippi River to the Westbank and either get off and visit Mardi Gras World or stay on the ferry for the return trip. As soon as the ferry leaves the dock, head down the steps (located near the front in the inside area of the ferry) and you'll be on the car deck just a foot or two above the river. Just head back upstairs when it docks on the other side. My only complaint about the Royal Sonesta is the pool closes at dusk. I'd like to see it stay open to at least 9:00, and we'd be able to take a swim after a day of sight seeing and dinner. You will enjoy your stay there and thanks for visiting New Orleans.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Karl&Nancy
<Content>Great Location! My daughter and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights while travelling. The location couldn't have been better. We parked our car and walked everywhere. I requested a quiet room and I was glad that I did. Bourbon Street was still noisey and bustling when we went to our room and we slept like babies. We had breakfast in the restaurant and the food was great. Service in the restaurant was okay, but lacked attention to detail. We had to ask for salt and pepper and waitress brought coffee and then had to go back to get cream and sugar. Housekeeping was okay, basically made the beds and brought fresh towels. I expected more from a 4 diamond hotel, but overall we had a pleasant stay.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>tkere
<Content>Very nice hotel in a great area! This is a very nice hotel right in the French Quarter on Bourbon Street. We went for the French Quarter Jazz Festival and had a great time. They close down most of the streets in the area for musicians, so you wander around and listen. There is a schedule of guests plus the local musicians who set up on their own (our favorites were Doreens Jazz Band and Loose Marbles). The hotel is very nice. We had an outside room which I thought was going to be noisy, but we were not bothered at all! The rooms are lovely, the bathrooms are a little small, but have nice ammenities. There is a really nice bar with live entertainment each night we were there. We went to the Sunday brunch, which was excellent, but the selection was so great we didn't even come close to tasting half of what they offerered!The pool area is very tropical feeling and there is a great bar right there too. Overall it was a nice stay and we plan on going back to the same hotel next year.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CinderAtlanta_GA
<Content>Wonderful Honeymoon Hotel! When I booked the hotel, the agent was very nice and helpful. I thought the rooms with jacuzzis were outrageously expensive, but if you can, I'd recommend splurging for a balcony room. One of the best nights we had was eating crawfish, drinking beer and people watching on our balcony. It is awesome to be this close to Bourbon St, but bring earplugs if you're a light sleeper...as soon as the bars close, then the restaurant vendors start shouting to entice people in for breakfast. For a hotel this nice, I thought there would be a little more soundproofing within the rooms; we could hear our neighbors a little bit, and I'm sure they could hear us ;) The staff was wonderful; I told them we we on our honeymoon  they sent up a nice complimentary bottle of champagne. The conceirge was especially helpful. And the beds...you won't want to get out of them! Pillows were sooo soft! Overall, wonderful stay  a great time in New Orleans!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FLReviewer
<Content>Great location! This hotel has restaurants, bars and even a Starbucks in the lobby. Life saver after those lonnng nights. The hotel is located right on Bourbon but it is down a couple blocks from the rowdy part of Bourbon. The rooms were very nice and paying the extra $100 a night for the balcony was worth it for us, but unless you are planning on staying up late I wouldn't recommend a balcony room because it is loud pretty late. This was our first trip back to New Orleans since Katrina and you can't even tell there was a tragedy. New Orleans is back, just a little quieter than it used to be. Had an awesome time and the staff was wonderful! Highly recommend!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AbbyTravelAgent
<Content>Right on Bourban Street, Classy French QTR Hotel Location excellent- right on Bourban street so you dont need to rent a car or take taxis. Classy upscale hotel with all the southern charm and great ammenities. Quiet fountain garden in the center of the hotel. You cant hear the noise of Bourban Street in this oasis. We stayed on the executive level on the 7th floor. Club room provides a nice breakfast buffet and evening drinks with a great variety of food. Internet is free in the club room, nice balcony overlooking the sunrise or sunset. Great oyster bar in the hotel and they are opening a new lounge soon. We did a swamp tour and city tour. Both are worth doing. We had older kids with us and they enjoyed everything New Orleans had to offer. We loved the people. Resilient, high spirited and an inspiration to see how they are recovering. Hotel is approximately 20 mintes from the airport. Taxi fare is approx $40. Rooms had huge flat screens, hairdryers, stocked refridgerator, ironing boards and iron, shampoo etc... Turn down service with chocolates all that you would expect. They have great meeting rooms and this hotel is charming.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>yesmamjulie
<Content>Had a great time! We splurged and booked two Bourbon Street balcony rooms for a post-graduation celebration with our two young adult daughters. Although the hotel itself is a little long-in-the-tooth, its location on lower Bourbon Street can't be beat. There are nicer, fancier hotels and inns nearby, but we chose the Royal Sonesta specifically for its location. Yes, it's noisy and you can hear music and rowdy crowds until late at night, but we anticipated this too. Bourbon Street was busier for an early June Monday and Tuesday night than I would have expected, but we had fun sitting on the balcony, throwing beads at the crowds who happened to walk by.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>beachgirlinmemphis
<Content>exactly what we were looking for All around this was a very nice and enjoyable hotel. The lobby was beautiful, our room was very nice and clean, and the pool area/courtyard were beautiful. As another reviewer commented -they need to replace the carpet in the rooms, but otherwise the rooms were great. The beds were fantastic - nice bed linens and pillows. We didn't have any of the other reviewers problems with noise at night. The toilets were very loud, but other than that the room was quite. The employees were all very friendly and helpful. Great location right on Bourbon Street.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>coloradobraindrain
<Content>Beautiful but Horrible Hotel Stayed at the hotel May 2008. Great location, friendly staff, beautiful room; however the noise from the Country Bar below was excruciating!!! Had a room facing inward toward the pool, as others had recommended, however, the bar band on the first level cranked it up around 4pm and continued to thump until 6am! The room actually vibrated from the noise. Hotel rooms are for resting so you can play some more, but not at this hotel. Recommend staying somewhere else, even if you are a heavy sleeper(like I am).  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LTownsendMD
<Content>Party Hotel Central There are three ways to see New Orleans....from an expensive Resort Hotel, from an inexpensive Bed and Breakfast, or from this place, Party Central. It is RIGHT on Bourbon Street...so come HERE if you want fun. IF you come here, for goodness' sakes get a balcony room overlooking Bourbon! It is WONDERFUL to escape the crowds, stroll out to your overlooking balcony, drink in hand, and watch the hoi polloi from a safe distance...no drunks spilling on you, no panhandlers approaching you...just watch from a safe balcony.The lobby is gorgeous, the Pool area spectacular...especially in humid New Orleans. Be prepared for incredibly-sticky room carpets from generations of spilled drinks....you're here for the experience, not for cleanliness!One major negative....the balcony is one Long balcony connecting all rooms, so it's very frequent to find your balcony chairs have been purloined by adjoining rooms! It would seem so simple to put simple rope chains between rooms for privacy and safety....they can be taken down for Mardi Gras.Be wary, the underground parking has unbelievably tiny parking spots...make for VW bugs more than real cars.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	1	5	1	2	2	4	

<Author>Glenwick
<Content>Very nce, if your room doesn't face Bourbon St. Stayed at the Royal Sonesta from 5/12/08-5/14/08. This is my second annual visit to New Orleans for a work conference. I stayed in a king room with a balcony overlooking the pool. It was a large room with a huge flat screen tv. The room was very quiet with comfortable bedding and down pillows. Restroom amenities were nice and the hotel is very well kept. Entrance is literally right on Bourbon street. If you don't want the noise and have complete peace and quiet, don't stay anywhere near the rooms facing Bourbon Street or the side street. Within walking distance to Jackson square.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>AmyVogt
<Content>Loved it. Perfect location for all your party needs, but quiet enough for a fantastic night's sleep. Couldn't have asked for a better hotel in a better location. The bed was a pleasure to sleep in, and I love the hair and body products in the room!  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mvpphoto
<Content>Luxury just steps from Bourbon Street The Royal Sonesta is located right on Bourbon Street. The hotel is very plush and the staff is very helpful. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>eam66
<Content>How Far the Mighty Have Fallen! I have spent a lot of time in New Orleans and in my mind, the Royal Sonesta has always stood out as a great institution. My partner and I were looking forward to getting away to the Big Easy for the night, reconnecting, attending an event and having a long overdue night out together.However, all great things must fall and this venerable old hotel is no exception.We made our reservation months in advance directly with the hotel. Check in time was 3 p.m. and we arrived at 3:30 p.m., expecting to check in, relax for a moment , get dressed and go to our event at 5:30 p.m.In my mind, this approach to hotel stays is standard operating procedure- however, this is not the way the Royal Sonesta chooses to do business.Upon arrival, we waited in line for about 45 minutes, only to be told there were no rooms available. No rooms at 4:15 p.m.! Others in line were understandably upset and frstrated and when asked why the situation was occurring or what could be done to rectify it, each guest was curtly told that the hotel does not guarantee a room will be ready until 6 p.m.We lucked out! A parlor room was available for us on the conference room level - a parlor room is a living room with a bath and a sofa bed! We were assurred that the sofa bed would made up into a bed with a full mattress. Because we were in such a pinch, we agreed.Our parlor room was directly across from the elevators, in the midst of many cocktail events and looked out onto Bourbon Street. It was loud and noisy.When we returned from our event at 11 p.m., the bed had not been made up. We called and they sent a thin foam mattress topper to place on top of the stained, old and flat sofa bed mattress. No sheets were brought.We requested sheets and were told sheets were in the room, The sheets in teh room were stained. As this was going on, the noise from below on Bourbon STreet was deafening.Upon reporting the stained sheets to the front desk, we were told not to talk about their hotel like that. We then asked for antoher room and we were willing to pay for an upgrade. No rooms were available ( maybe they weren't cleaned) and we then asked if we could be placed at another hotel where the perhaps sent thier overflow. We were abruptly told that they did not send guests to any other hotels .Eventually, clean sheets were brought and we resigned ourselves to a night on a sofa bed, springs imprinting our back and all. Not to mention, the street noise from below wafting up throught the window all nioght long and the parties occurring outside our door all night long from the conference level.It was a terrible night. The hotel failed on every level. Service was not a priority, customer satisfaction was nonevident and the staff could have cared less about the experience we or any of the other guests we spoke with actually had.It is my honest opinion that the Royal Sonesta is much like an emperor with no clothes. And upon being told that the king is naked, the king just shouts at the people more and cares not a wit what they think or believe.New Orleans needs visitors, but there are too many great hotels in the city to waste your time on this horrible monstrosity claiming to be in the hospitality business.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>atyann
<Content>Great View       View from our room to next room  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IowaGator
<Content>Wifes 44 th Birthday at the Sonesta The Royal Sonesta Hotel is the best in the French Quarter.My wife and I stayed at the Sonesta for 3 nights over her Birthday.What a blast,we had a room on Bourbon,very very nice.The Bed was Great,the room was a little small,but you do not go toNew Orleans to be in the room!Wayne the Bell Hop was great and so was Katie at the Front Desk,But JoAnn in Housekeeping was the Best !!!!Thanks for a Great Time  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CloverElizabeth
<Content>A royal experience!       Lobby area of the hotel  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Mickie
<Content>Good experience I was there for a conference and generally found the hotel very nice and the staff very gracious. In fact, the whole community was very welcoming and grateful to see visitors. I was a little worried about the Bourbon Street location and particularly alarmed by the frat party scene on Saturday night in and around the hotel. I thought I would have trouble sleeping, but, to my surprise, I slept like a rock. They must have great sound proofing. One note: my room faced the pool and there is a shared balcony for the interior rooms. I didn't realize it was shared and had my drapes opened and a neighboring guest strolled over for a cell phone chat right outside my window.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Feverpitch
<Content>A decent hotel in a party location       Bathroom amenities  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Fademist
<Content>Nice location This hotel was very nice and smelled lovely! The room was a bit cramped and we were on one of the upper floors but it was nice. It is in a great location, right on Bourbon St. and we got a good rate for the room. Had we not got the great rate I'm not completely sure it would have been worth the money. We didn't have any problems with it being too noisy or anything like that. It was really nice not having to walk forever and a day just to get back to the hotel and it was nice to know that while you were out sight seeing, it wasn't that long of a walk back to take bathroom breaks. Oh, we went in May and it seems the pool is not heated, so it was too cold to swim in but we were too busy anyways.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Aniki
<Content>Wonderful       Room  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>True_Tiger_Fan
<Content>The Royal Sonesta Hotel is ok       Bed from right side entry door area  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	1	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cajas1
<Content>Nice Hotel/Great Location Stayed 6 nights at the Sonesta. The good: Location is awesome.The bed and pillows are fabulous especially if you have a bad back or really need a comfortable bed. The lobby is beautiful. The rooms are nice and the rooms with balcony or doors to the pool area are very nice and feel larger than they are. Most of the staff is nice. The jazz in the bar is good when they have it, they don't have it every night.The bad: They need flat screens in every room. There is little sense of urgency if there is any type of problem large or small. They are definetly understaffed as most establishments in NO are. Room service is quick but they make a lot of errors on your orders and is very pricey. The food quality is average. Personally I would eat out no matter how tried you are or late it is. There are too many close by great restaurants. Don't leave the patio doors open, you may have a visit from an unwanted guest or rodent.(It can be noisy at times. Our room was not facing Bourban street. There are just alot of drunk people in NO.)Would I stay there again? Maybe, but not at a regular room rate.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>nyNYanonymous
<Content>A Winner! A fabulous hotel on Bourbon Street with a great location. Our room was not spacious, but just perfect for two people for a long weekend. The rooms on the courtyard were quiet without noise from Bourbon Street (good for sleeping in after late nights). Very comforatable. Nice area around the pool with a bar for a late afternoon cocktail. I'd recommend anyone to stay there.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>jennycake
<Content>Stay here.. My fiance and I just got back from New Orleans and stayed at the Royal Sonesta. I was in the same situation as many, trying to pick the best hotel in the best location, etc. You will not go wrong at all staying at this hotel. The other hotels I was considering was the Monteleone and the Maison Dupruy, but neither of them were in this fabulous location and the Monteleone looked old (plus I read reviews that the rooms are very small) and the Carousel bar was nothiing at all to write home about. I think the Royal Sonesta is the best hotel in NO--hands down. It's in a perfect location, right on Bourbon, and its pure luxury. The rooms are very updated and a good size, with flat screen tv's and a modern bath. We stayed in the pool patio room and the bourbon balcony to break things up. Honestly the pool patio room was great. The pool which is lovely (just opened0 and it was great fun to have a drink right at their bar. Yes there is much to do in New Orleans but I always appreciate not having to wander if you don't feel like it. There are two other bars in the hotel (one in the lobby and one right on bourbon) which are part of the hotel too. Also a few restaurants and room service. You simply cannot go wrong in this hotel, as its close to everything and nothing about it is old--nothing. Pay the extra to have the location and service. We were SO happy with this choice....as far as the bourbon balcony rooms-yes they are louder. No difference at all in the rooms (except the tv was smaller on bourbon), but it is louder. If noise is an issue stay in the pool patio room as they are so lovely. It's really quiet and nice to have the option of letting some fresh air in. Also, we did the Katrina tour and thought it was excellent. The devastation is unreal but the information is endless..also don't eat at Dirty Harry's-food was awful. Our best meal was at Margaritaville on Decatur....belive it or not!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NycCarmenSanDiego
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, right in the heart of the action       Winding staircase in room  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	5	

<Author>ljmckibben
<Content>Loved the Royal Sonesta I stayed here in November for a conference. Service was great, and room was great as well. There is a courtyard so all rooms have a view of either the street or the pool. I recommend staying on the courtyard side so that you can exit your room straight to the pool and pool bar. The bartender at the pool bar was fantastic, he even came in on his day off to accommodate our large crowd of guests. At night, we hung out at the hospitality room with a wrap-around balcony over bourbon street. Definitely a great way to experience a great town.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	5	4	

<Author>Sarahste
<Content>Fine stay at the Royal Sonesta I stayed at the Royal Sonesta for a business meeting and brought my family, including two small children.The hotel is very nice. Not large and grand, but the public rooms are well-appointed. Our guest room was a bit on the small side, but that wasn't surprising for a hotel in the French Quarter. It did have a BIG TV, which my children enjoyed!As usual, we were nickel and dimed to death as we so often are in the larger, convention-oriented hotels. $10 a day for Internet access is outrageous when you are already spending more than $200 on the small room itself. (By comparison, we received free Internet during the three nights we spent beforehand at the nearby Country Inn and Suites on Magazine Street, in a room that cost half as much as the Sonesta's.)Also, all the reviews are correct about the amount of smut that is around the hotel. I'm no prude--I lived in New Orleans for 10 years and never minded the sights, sounds, and smells of Bourbon Street. However, it has unquestionably gotten more raunchy in the past decade (some of the photos outside the strip clubs should be classified as soft core porn). I was indeed uncomfortable walking down the street at 3 in the afternoon with my 9 and 4 year olds, and after seeing what has happened to Bourbon Street, we made it a point to walk around the block and avoid Bourbon at all costs, no matter how inconvenient. It is a shame that they can't have some fun and partying on Bourbon Street anymore without the in-your-face lifesized porn photos!Otherwise, the hotel was fine. Perhaps I would be more critical if it weren't for that fact that my company paid for our room.I don't have a great desire to stay directly in the French Quarter. However, if you do, then I do believe the Royal Sonesta can be a satisfactory option.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	5	2	

<Author>7cinderella
<Content>Awesome stay My husband and I were recently here for a convention! We loved our stay in the Royal Sonesta. We had a beutiful room with a private courtyard. The room was 2 levels with the kingsize bed up a set of spiral stairs. It was very clean and very queit considering it is on Bourban! the cleaning staff would come in at night, pull back the blankets and leave a chocolate on the pillows. It was nice to be in the center of all the excitement on Bourban. We could come and go to drop off shopping, to take a break, or whatever we needed and still be a moment a way from Bourban. the staff were very friendly and helpful. The pool was also amazing to lay beside. Didn't go in but there was mention it was cold! I would definitley stay here again. Close to restraunts, shopping, bars, etc. Loved it  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>momcarlo
<Content>Loved this hotel       Pool view from our balcony  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>austinmdpedi
<Content>Mixed bag at the Royal Sonesta NOLA Just completed a four night stay at the Royal Sonesta New Orleans. Good: Central French Quarter location. Can walk to many good restaurants. Right in the middle of everything. Staff was very appropriate. Not overly attentive but friendly. Bell staff nice. Did not use concierge as this is a many visited location for us. Hotel was generally very clean. Room was generally very clean. We ended up in a very nice room overlooking the central courtyard. It was REMARKABLY quiet. Amazing given the amount of noise on Bourbon Street just yards away. Staff does a really nice job of keeping the noise down. Housekeeping was nearly silent. Never were awoken by a single noise off the street. Front door staff very good at keeping riff-raff out. Got a decent rate (just under $200) so the value was decent. Hotel is attractive, but not overly grand in any way. Pretty generic actually.Bad: Central French Quarter location on Bourbon Street. We booked fairly last minute so were limited on our options. Honestly, this is a decent convention hotel. It is not a great hotel for couples, etc. There are so many amazing quaint Inns, BBs and boutique hotels that we would not have stayed here unless the situation limited us to this. If you book here, consider yourself warned. If Bourbon Street is not your thing, this hotel is in the midst of it. It is not in a quiet part of Bourbon Street as the website suggests. Lots of up all night bars and strip clubs right across the street and frankly for as far as the eye cares to see. Do not book here if you are easily offended. You can't avoid it. There is a nice little side entrance off Conti Street, but if you are staying at the RS, you are going to see it all. That said, as above, once inside the hotel we were amazingly shielded from noise and partying.The room is pretty generic. If placed blindfolded in this room, upon opening your eyes you would never be able to distinguish it from any other $200 range hotel... Marriott, Sheraton, etc. Its pretty generic. But, nice bed, nice bathroom, big flat screen TV. Carpets a bit grimy. Fridge for the mini bar not working so I was foiled in loading up my typical money saving gig of stashing some beer and sodas in there. That said, ice is on every floor.Note: we did not try any of the in hotel dining options. Too cold for the pool too. There is a gorgeous little courtyard with a fountain, etc.Ugly: One roach. Not unusual for even NOLA's finest. Tile laying crew on the veranda outside our room were a bit noisy but were able to do their jobs with less banter with a quick call to the front desk staff.Summary: If you are looking for a Bourbon Street experience, this may be the place to stay as you can get inside the hotel without wandering back streets to get home. So... maybe okay for a group of girls looking for a slightly sheltered Bourbon Street experience (if such a thing exists... HA!) Decent upper mid-range hotel but we won't be back.Restaurants enjoyed this trip: Stella was in incredible as was Dick  Jenny's. Bayona disappointing after a previous great meal there. If you have time, go see the Houmas House near Bankhead, LA off I-10 about 45-60 minutes NW of NOLA. Great unpretentious, touch all you want, wander at your leisure plantation tour. Guide for tour was a kick. This tour lets you sit on the period furniture. Gorgeous location and grounds. Go early to avoid tour bus groups.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	2	4	5	4	5	

<Author>KerryWho?
<Content>Great Hotel in French Quarter My wife and I stayed at the Royal Sonesta February 27 through March 1, 2008. This hotel was hosting a conference which I attended. I have nothing but superlatives to describe the rooms, food, service, friendliness of staff, and general atmosphere. We enjoyed the lobby jazz bar on Saturday evening, and the Begue restaurant for Sunday brunch. Our room was located in the courtyard, which provided absolute silence and privacy. You would never know that you are so close to Bourbon Street. My hotel rate was $200 plus, which I believe was a fair price for this beautiful property. The courtyard is lined with orange trees, and has chairs to sit and just relax. I would return here in a heart beat. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Imatravler
<Content>Beautiful, classy hotel in a crazy, fun location! Just got home from a long weekend-getaway in the beautiful city of New Orleans. We originally booked the Ritz, but after seeing all the bad reviews on this website, we changed to the Royal Sonesta. Boy was I glad we did! The Royal Sonesta is simply beautiful. The staff couldn't be more friendly or helpful. The room was spotless. Yes, Bourbon Street is right outside, but that's what makes this hotel so unique! We booked a room on their concierge (top) floor. They gave us a corner room that had a private outside balcony-seating area. The bathroom complete with whirlpool tub/shower and granite counters was on the small side. There was no noise from Bourbon Street that could be heard inside the room-and I'm a very light sleeper!We were surprised to find that the club room was under construction and not open. The hotel did supply us with vouchers for breakfast in the restaurant and for drinks in the bar-they probably should have informed us before arrival that the club was not open. We ate at NOLA, Restaurant August and K Paul's. NOLA was great, Restaurant August was a little over-rated and K Paul's was delicious and fun. Isabelle's Post Katrina tour should not be missed.I loved this hotel and found the city of New Orleans charming. I wouldn't hesitate to go back!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Stacelet
<Content>Nice hotel       Front of hotel  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	1	4	2	4	3	

<Author>bigdave351
<Content>My favorite getaway!!! This is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in!!! It starts when you check in with the guys in the garage! They get you in and find a place to park since it is a very tight garage. Then the bellman are first class! It dose not matter if it is morning or night these guys are wonderful. Not pushy and go out of their way to get you what you want!!! Then the front desk is good and you see alot of new faces lately! Alot of young people!!! The rooms are super with nice furniture and some nice bedding!! The suites are where you really find the really nice supper comfort bedding!!! I love the Suites on the courtyard and of course the 98's!!!Room service is very good and thier are great dining in the hotel! Nice bars which fit in perfect in the french quarter!They also have one of my favorite pools! It is located on the 3rd floor and during the summer they serve drinks and food!!! Towel service is great!!!Just a great place to stay!!!!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Neil_staffs_UK
<Content>Loved the royal sonesta!!! We had our wedding reception in the Bruges restaurant which is part of the royal sonesta. We booked the honeymoon suite ($350 per night) which had a superb spa in the room and overlooked the main courtyard.The suite was $450 if you call the main desk, but speak to someone in sales (we spoke to Michelle Spong) they will give you a better deal.The location of the sonesta is on bourbon street, but is away from the madder area. DONT book a room overlooking the street if you want a quiet night!!!The staff at the sonesta are very helpful, they cant do enough for you.This is a luxury hotel and you just know it when you walk in. I would stay again, hopefully very soon!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Melissacita
<Content>Beautiful Hotel       Side entrance of hotel  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Ohio_Jeff
<Content>Springtime in NOLA       Lobby  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>HideoutAl
<Content>Unbelievable treat What a place! Meticulously maintained, fresh flowers everywhere. Service was second to none. Naturally, you can't beat the location. Would stay here again and again.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jackie&Rob
<Content>Wow! What a treat! Beautiful place. Excellent service. Great location. Room was a bit small but we were never in the room..come on...we were in New Orleans! Pool was on roof  beautiful with attentive pool barman. Best oysters in the DESIRE bar downstairs.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sadler75race
<Content>Wonderful Hotel! My husband and I stayed at the Royal Sonesta for the 3rd time over our 8th Anniversary/Halloween and have nothing but good to say.We mentioned it was our anniversary when we booked the room on-line and came in after dinner on the first night of our stay to a complimentary bottle of champagne.We requested the same Bourbon balcony room that we had the year prior and were very pleased to know they do their best to fulfill requests and we were able to get the same room.Russell the Concierge is wonderful. Full of great info and very fun to talk to .Malcolm, one of the door men, is also awesome. He gave us great suggestions on where to eat and was always very friendly.Both Russell and Malcolm remembered us from previous visits.I will say that if you are a light sleeper, the Bourbon balcony may not be for you. But if you can handle sleeping through party noise well into the AM hours, it is well worth it for the people watching.The hotel is clean and well-appointed and I would highly recommend staying there. We will be back ourselves as soon as we can.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>balbacm
<Content>Beautiful Hotel This is a gorgeous hotel. The rooms are spacious and elegant. You can't beat the location, in the heart of the FQ. The pool was great - although very crowded and not enough space/chair. We loved this hotel - and NOLA - and would stay here again in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>traveladdiction
<Content>Avoid this place! We stayed here for a business conference; the lodging was arranged by our corporate travel agent. When we arrived we were pleasantly surprised, the lobby was attractive and the reception was nice if a bit inexperienced. When we arrived at what was supposed to be a deluxe non-smoking room (confirmed well in advance by both my self and our travel agent, and again at check-in), it was tiny, dingy, and smelled of stale smoke and mold. The windows would not open so we asked for another room. They offered us an upgrade for $50 to a better room with a balcony, and we agreed. The (larger) upgraded room also smelled of smoke but we could open the french doors so it was much better. When we tried to call down to request robes we noticed that the phone was not working. I dialed the hotel number from my cell and reported the problem; I was told it would be fixed immediately. I had to speak with the concierge about something so I asked to be transferred; the call was dropped and I had to redial the hotel on my cell. Next I went to iron my husbands slacks for a business event that evening. The iron began spewing out white liquid, which raised a welt-like mark on the fabric. Weird, I thought, so I called from my cell again and asked for an iron. Housekeeping came with the iron but no robes. When I went to finish ironing the pants, I noticed that the white liquid had eaten small holes into the fabric where the raised welts had been. Very weird. I called the front desk from my cell phone yet again and told them about it. They sent up a security guard, who agreed that the slacks were very damaged and told me he would pass the info on to the hotel manager for resolution. Then the engineer came shortly thereafter to replace the phone, but it still didn't work. When I called the front desk yet again (from my cell), the guy said that the hotel electrician had had a series of heart attacks and nobody knew how to fix any of the electrical wiring in the hotel. Very scary for such an old hotel which is potentially a fire trap. My massage therapist (at a local spa) said that the Royal Sonesta was one of the few hotels that did not sustain damage from Katrina, but that they were having a hard time getting and keeping good help because they were not putting any money into the place to update and maintain it. The results are apparent. As an aside, we ate at both Desire and Begoue's. The food was absolutely terrible at Desire (my husband and I both got sick) and mediocre at Begoue's; service was friendly but glacial at both.The upshot is, I never had a phone for the entire stay (which is certainly a security hazard), I never did get any robes in my upgraded room, and I never got a resolution on the damaged slacks. So when I went to check out I mentioned all of this to the front desk guy, who did not offer me any compensation for the pants (not to mention the inconvenience of having to call long distance from my cell at least a dozen times); he just gave me the manager's card and told me to call during business hours. I did call Mr. Chuck Davis, Director of Front Office Operations, several times this week, in addition to e-mailing him. He has never responded. In my opinion (as a business traveler who spends upwards of 100 nights per year, mostly in 4 star hotels; last night I was in the JW Marriott in DC) this place is a disaster waiting to happen. With poor management, insufficient maintenance, a deteriorating electrical system and nobody competent to repair it, this is not a safe place to stay in New Orleans.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	3	1	1	

<Author>frezz
<Content>Nice, modern clean in heart of NOLA We stayed here from 10/20-10/23/07. This was my first trip to NOLA and I wanted to stay close to the action so I selected this hotel since it was on Bourbon. I was very surprised by how quiet the interior of the hotel was despite the noise of Boubon Street merely steps away. It was a clean, large room with a comfortable bed and nice bathroom. It was a very nice hotel in an area that can be pretty dirty and run down.We stayed in a pool balcony room. Honestly, the balcony doesn't have chairs or private space and this was a waste of money in my opinion. I was between that and a side street balcony and I woudn't have bothered with that either. I was also torn between here and the Omni Royal and based on passing by that hotel, in the future I would stay at the Omni.The worst part of our trip at the Sonesta was the family with a 6 year old in the room next to us. After a Saturday nite out on the town, I was flabbergasted and angry with how the family had no problem with their child out on the balcony screaming at 7 am - this after them playing loudly at 6:30 am in the room and stuggling to open the adjoining door to our room. The rudeness of people on vacation still astounds me. We were happy to HEAR them check out a few hours later.We had a nice time in NOLA despite being there during the torrential rainstorm and subsequent flooding. I enjoyed Felix's oyster house (esp compared to acme which is highly over rated) and Emeril's NOLA. I was very disappointed in Emeril's Delmonico - I hav had much better steaks at Sullivans or Capital Grill, esp considering the prices. Mothers was worth the trip. We dined twice in Desire, the Sonesta's restaurant and the food was very good - it is worth trying for lunch.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>bookworm720
<Content>Not bad I stayed at the Royal Sonesta this month because a conference I was attending was held there. I wouldn't consider this the best hotel in town but it's on Bourbon Street--I need to give it credit for that. My room (3rd floor) wasn't facing Bourbon (thank goodness!) but my bosses room (5th floor) was. My room faced the opposite side so my room was protected from the street noise but it had a view of run down buildings, which didn't bother me since I hardly looked out the window. My boss said that she can hear noises from the street below up till 4am even though she said that her window seem to have extra glass to keep out the noise. She said there was a constant buzzing noise. So, if you happen to be staying at the RS, request a room that isn't facing Bourbon. You'll thank me later.The room felt a bit outdated and the art and tapestry confirmed this. The bathroom is clean although the toilet paper dispenser kept falling off if I tugged on the paper a bit too hard. There wasn't a fan in my bathroom. There's a digital safe that I didn't use and a fridge that I couldn't figure out how to open even though I pulled on it every which way. There's limited cable of course.There's high speed internet in the room (ethernet wire) but you have to pay and there's several plans to choose from, but keep in mind that no matter which day you choose to end internet connection, the expiration date is at noon on that day.All the staff I encountered were friendly and helpful, and checking in and out were painless. There's an ATM machine, gift shop, and restaurants on the premise. There's a parking lot below the hotel but you have pay (I believe $15/day.) The pool and fitness center is on the third floor. It's walking distance to many restaurants, shops, downtown, and Cafe du Monde. If you want to stay in the French Quarter, this is the hotel for you. But, there are other high end hotels that are walking distance to the FQ too if this isn't your cup of tea.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>skelly3055
<Content>Splendid time If you want to experience New Orleans and find it in your heart to show you care and want to help....expect the few things like constructions and no valet for now, because folks were displaced and lost alot...but still want to share their city to all who visit. This hotel was so accomadating, and friendly ,that I almost forgot how hard I was going to be about this review after reading afew that were not so nice. Much to my suprise, it was great and well located. We went to several places in th garden area and found neat places to eat along Magazine St.will be back again to enjoy more of what this City has provided all these decades.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	4	5	

<Author>raymonk
<Content>good and bad I recently stayed at this hotel for two nights. It being my first time in New Orleans, and wanting to splurge a bit, I reserved a split level suite. I arrived at the hotel early, around 10AM, and my room was already available, which was great. The front desk clerk was so nice and check in was quick and pleasant. The suite, though, was pretty depressing. It was just too old and worn...the carpet was absolutely disgusting and thread bare in places. I went back to the front desk and explained I was not happy with the room. (I travel extensively and have stayed in so many hotels and inns the world over. In no way was the room I was given remotely worth the $450 or so per night.) I asked to be downgraded to a basic double room with french doors overlooking the pool. This room was less than half the price and I was much happier with it. The carpet was still the old and dirty looking, but the rest of the room was pleasant and the view of the pool deck was lovely. The room was very clean and the beds were comfy. Maid service was excellent. Plenty of fresh towels. It was good value for the money and a quiet, serene spot right in the middle of the French Quarter. The most outstanding quality of this hotel is the employees. Each and every person I came into contact with was the nicest they could be. This is one of the reasons I ended up giving this hotel four stars. That along with the location and the fabulous Sunday brunch. Although I will now be traveling to New Orleans quite often, as my daughter will be attending college there for the next four years, I probably won't stay here again as I like the extra room a suite provides. I am willing to pay more for this, but I expect the accomodation to be worth the money. On the other hand, the basic pool view room was alot less expensive and is a great value for the location, the wonderful pool area, and the nicest empolyees i have ever come across in a hotel. One final thought, they do not have the flat screen tv's the website advertises. I asked about this and was told a few of the rooms have them, but most do not.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>4	2	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>poodleone
<Content>Fabulous experience- beautiful place Other than the fire alarm going off at 330 AM on Saturday (UGH!), our entire expereince the Royal Sonesta was terrific. Our room was on the 4th floor, facing the pool. I loved how we could go right out the balcony door and down to the pool bar.The room itself was clean and comfortable- great king bed. Good size bathrrom- nothing fancy but pleasant.Check-in was incredibly smooth despite how busy they were. And check out was even better since they kept our bags while we went out for lunch, then brought the bags down to the car.I would like to give special kudos to parking. Yes, I know $30 valet seems crazy but that is the way it is in big cities. We stayed at the Monteleone last year and, as much as I love that hotel, the RS has them beat hands down on the ease of dropping off and picking up the car. Very easy, very pleasant, very organized.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Nicksboo
<Content>Treated Like Royalty!!! From the moment we checked into this hotel, we were treated like special guests. We arrived earlier than check-in - around 11:30 a.m. Our rooms were ready. We asked to have our rooms close to each other and it was no problem. The only complaint I had I about the room itself was that the shower was only so-so. But the location was excellent. Another review mentioned Malcolm and he is wonderful. This is also one of the few hotels that I saw cabs lined up at - so if you wanted to travel out of the quarter you very easily could. On the second day, a group of young highschoolers moved onto our hall and proceeded to spend the day and night (at least when we were there) running around, screaming and slamming doors. We spoke to Darin at the front desk and asked if we could move to possibly a balcony room (fingers were crossed!!!) We were moved into a parlor suite with a balcony on the 3rd floor overlooking Bourbon St! A parlor suite does not have a bed, but it has a pull out sofa bed, and then they come in and make for you with a real mattress and turn down service. There is also a wet bar and tile throughout. They are twice as big as the regular rooms. It was amazing!!!! We called down to roomservice for some plastic cups as you can't take glass or cans on the balconies, and they brought us up a sleeve free of charge! And anytime we called housekeeping they came right away. Check out was a breeze. They also checked our baggage for us while we wandered around the quarter, waiting for our flight. We were handed into our cab on Sunday evening with the same friendly smiles that greeted us on Thursday, bidding us to come visit them again! I will definitely stay at the Royal Sonesta again. I would recommend it to anyone. I will say this - hotel staff are not psychic. If you feel you need something fixed, be specific. Ask for what you want. Chances are you will get it. I found that especially at the Royal Sonesta that they will do what they can to make things right. Definitely ask Malcolm if you have any questions about the city. The concierge desk is amazingly helpful and patient too. I just can't say enough nice things!!!!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MM_Excursions
<Content>Stole my property and then treated me terribly I stayed at the Royal Sonesta for two nights for a Bachelorette Party. On Saturday afternoon I mistakenly left my wedding rings on the bathroom counter after applying sunscreen. Two hours later, when I returned from lunch, my wedding band was there but my diamond engagement ring was gone. The cleaning staff had just, five minutes prior to our return, finished cleaning our room. We spoke with hotel security who came up and took notes and eventually we called the police. The worst part was that the hotel staff seemed not to think this was an incident worth their time. One of the assistant managers even yelled at us to return to our room while we waited for the police in the hallway. The hotel manager on duty when we checked out characterized it as an accident and not a theft. How is it possible that an accident occurred with just one of two rings? We even had them take the piping under the sink apart to look for the ring with no luck. When I came to this site to write this review, I notice a similar one from 2005. I wish I had read that review before I went on my trip. My experience seemed exactly the same. I got the feeling the hotel was just hoping I would stop calling or would leave town and forget that this occurred. They also did not apologize, even for yelling at us and treating us like we were insane to be accusing the cleaning staff. You tell me, when the hotel can tell us only our key cards and the maid's had accessed our room, who else were we to blame/accuse? I will never stay at a Sonesta hotel again. My experience was so bad. If you stay here, use the safe in the room and don't forget to take all of your valuables with you. If you have a problem expect the hotel staff to be rude, accusatory, and incompetent.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	5	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>gdilieto
<Content>Quality Four-star accommodation in the French Quarter       Bedroom  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>RenHamilton
<Content>Excellent Hotel,great location We stayed at the Royal Sonesta on Bourbon street. This was our first trip to New Orleans...what an experience...anybody who is hesitating to go and visit..don't heistate and go and have a good time...the hotel is very nice, the pool-very refreshing from the heat, the staff are nice, the location is the best,walking distance to everything. The rooms were clean, and the lobby was huge. I would defintely stay at this hotel again, and recommend it to anyone.....  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FTPCGE
<Content>Royal Treatment We stayed at the Royal Sonesta for four nights in July. We had chosen New Orleans for our anniversary and decided on the Royal Sonesta based on reviews from TripAdvisor. The hotel was beautiful. Lots of fountains, marble and beautiful flowers and plants. The hotel staff were all very friendly and helpful during our stay. The room was very nice and the bed was extremely comfortable. We enjoyed the pool and the poolside food  drink service. The hotel is right in the heart of the French Quarter and walking everywhere was easy.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BostonMel
<Content>Perfect location       Party balcony  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CaptnBob
<Content>A+, Perfect Stay! This was a great 3 night trip to the Quarter. First time at the Royal Sonesta. My wife and I loved the location, walking distance to about anything you want to see. The room was excellent. Service was excellent. Pool was excellent. My only recommendation is that you request a room that doesn't overlook Bourbon Street because the party goes until pretty late. We were on Bienville Street and didn't have a problem. Parking is $30 per night with unlimited In and out. That's a bargain in the Quarter and the parking is in the lower level of the property. Can't say enough about the Royal Sonesta.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NTTDC
<Content>Lovely ... except for Location The Royal Sonesta is a beautiful property with plenty of Old New Orleans architecture and decoration. The dining room is richly and beautifully appointed. The service (at the front desk, in the restaurants,concierge and the doorman) was warm and helpful. Only ate breakfast but it was tasty. There was a jazz lounge where folks were drinking and seemed to have a nice time. The rooms are of average size but comfortable. It was a pretty luxe experience for the $99 price per night for a room with 2 double beds (we were there for a wedding so the rate may have been reduced due to that). UNFORTUNATELY I don' t think I will ever stay here again because of the noise factor. Perhaps its just been too long since I stayed on Bourbon Street but between the noise from the bars on the street and other hotel guests slamming doors and shouting in the halls, it didn't make for a particularly peaceful stay in the evenings. That is a shame because I really enjoyed the hotel itself. Too bad it isn't off the strip... its much too good for such common nuisances...  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	1	4	5	5	3	

<Author>littercritter
<Content>great hotel, great location, great staff beautiful hotel on bourbon street. request a room overlooking the pool because it will be quiet. if you get a room on the bourbon street side, you might not get much sleep depending on how much you had to drink that night. get an early morning bloody mary as an eye opener in the lobby or try the coffee drinks. no problems with the rooms at all.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Brooklynsolotraveler
<Content>Jazzfest Stay here for 8 nights and for the most part it was very enjoyable except for a few monir things that added up. For about 3-4 days the hot water was only luke warm, one day I went out and took off the privacy sign and by 3pm the room was not made up, had to call housekeeping and when I returned at 4pm, it still was not done, had to put in an angry second call to have the room done ASAP. Also one monring I had the privacy sign on and housekeeping still knocked on my door, lucky I was not sleeping.The location cannot be beat and service/staff is still very good.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>LoraJae
<Content>Great location, Great hotel       Courtyard - restaurant  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>BCMose
<Content>Not the best stay at the Sonesta Arrival at the Royal Sonesta After grabbing a cab at MSY, I was deposited at the underground parking garage entrance to the hotel. I gave up waiting for someone to assist me with my 3 bags and finally had to lug them up the stairsto the main lobby. The front desk clerk found my eservation right away and checked me into a courtyard-view room, which she said were quieter and nicer than the ones facing Bourbon Street. Arriving at a busy time, I had to wait about 10 minutes to get a bellman to take my bags. The room was a bit dated. Not antiqued, but dated. The good about the room: nice view of pretty courtyard, large in-roomsafe. The not-so-good. Features missing for a 4-star hotel: No flat screen TV; absence of luxury linens - sheets felt like 50/50 cotton/poly, no bath robe. no coffee maker, tiny desk.Also,each night I was awakened several times (1 am, 2 am) by loud revelers in the halls - request a room away from the elevator to try to avoid this. Big Problem in the Big Easy - After dinner the 1st nite of my stay, Ireturned to the RS and my key didn't work. Long story short, a TrumanCapote lookalike who was at the front desk, said he didn't have me inthe system, didn't show my reservations and said they didn't have anyrooms. It took nearly 45 minutes, with this RS employee belittling me, suggesting I was staying elsewhere, forgot, etc, to finally get back into my room. This was my 5th stay at the Royal Sonesta, and I won't be returning.  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	1	2	3	

<Author>martinisisterl
<Content>as always wonderful! My husband and I just completed our 20th Easter stay at the beautiful Royal Sonesta hotel, and as always we had a lovely memorable time! I do not think one could ask for more in a hotel..when one walks into the lobby directly off Bourbon street you are greeted with a feeling and sense of calm and tranquility.It never fails to make us want to exhale...oh to be back in wonderful New Orleans and the Royal Sonesta. The location is fabulous, right on busy Bourbon street, but as mentioned once inside the doors an oasis of calm flows over you. Have you ever seen a prettier court yard with all of the trees and shrubs in bloom?We have dined over the years at Begues and have always found the food to be of a very high calibre, with good attentive wait staff,the Easter Brunch must be mentioned with high marks , with a great variety of food with a focus on local seafood..ie freshly shucked oysters crayfish and the like with all you can consume champagne and of course a wonderful painist playing all of your requests.The Mystic Den ( Thursday-Saturday) features the Richie Molten Trio...smooth jazz sounds until the wee hours. The rooms are really nicely laid out and the decor lovely , the pool area on the third floor is surrounded by flowering trees. and plants...the pool bar is a nice place to sit and absorb the feeling of the hotel. The staff of course have changed in the last 20 years ( retired, moved on etc) but always make us feel as if we have been greatly missed and that we are returning home. What more can I say, we really do know what it means to miss New Orleans and the Royal Sonesta Hotel...we are already planning our 2008 visit!  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MakeYouHumble!
<Content>Perfect location - nice hotel If you are looking to spend your time in the French Quarter, this is the hotel to stay at. It is on Bourbon Street, right in the middle of all the bars, clubs, restaurants of the French Quarter. It is really amazing walking into the hotel after coming in from the hustleand bustle of Bourbon street late at night. The beautifully appointedlobby is an oasis of tranquility in the middle of the chaos. There isnothing really that special about the rooms - they are pretty standard, although maybe a little dated. Bathrooms are modern. The concierge and doormen at the hotel go out of their way to assist you (so long as you tip them), and everyone on the hotel staff is friendly. I would give this hotel a 5, but it gets a 4 because I arrived around 2 pm and my room wasn't ready, so I had to walk aroundthe French Quarter for an hour before being able to check in, which was annoying. All in all though, it's all about location - location -location with this hotel. While other New Orleans hotels may be nicer, this one is smack in the middle of it all.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>tanya_IN_STEREO
<Content>Good Location, Good Points, and Bad Points... I stayed there March 12th-19th in the pool patio and the bourbon street balcony. If you book the room online at the website you can save by pre paying 30 or 21 days in advance (this does not apply to the bourbon balcony)First impressions: The location of the hotel is on one of the busiest blocks of bourbon and is in walking distance to everything in the french quater. As a matter of fact the hotel is so large it takes up the entire block from Bienville and Conti St. The lobby is beautiful with a fountain and shops, as well as restaurants and a lounge where there is a singer who entertains on weekends. The front desk is nice, but be prepared, since Katrina there are not as many people on staff, so don't be surprised if the front desk is young and inexperienced (which I found out the hard way when they used the wrong credit card for incidentals after we asked them to change the credit card). Also, many people have complained about the staff not getting back to emails and calls, which is very true. I emailed them in january asking simple questions about amenties, location, etc and to this day no one has emailed me. The best thing to do is call the hotel directly during business hours that the managers would be in to get anything accomplished. The entire stay for us for about 7 days (4 in a pool patio room prepaid 30 days in advace and 3 days in a bourbon st balcony) was around $2,500. Pool Patio Room: Very clean. You can tell it was recently renovated. The room was well sized, nice drapes and bedding, with a king sized bed and light down blanket and large pillows. There was a flat panel tv and the bathroom has granite countertops and nice stone throughout. The shower was great, large head that sprayed everywhere. I know this seems like a lot of detail but I figure if I was going to stay somewhere I would want to know just about everything. The rooms are really quiet at all times so if you are tired from partying or business meetings it is a great place to sleep. You are also right outside the courtyard pool which is beautiful and has light traffic. There is also a door from your room leading you out to a little table in case you'd like breakfast. At night it is also lit with white christmas lights, but if you close the drapes it is completely dark. Room Service: Is very expensive...they add an extra $2.75 delivery charge and any tip you give them on already expensive food. It was about $15 for a piece of chocolate cake. Also be prepared for it to take awhile. If you want a fridge in your room expect it to be around $12 a night but be warned, when I called room service to bring one up they tried to change the price to $15 and it took about 3 hrs to get it up to our room (only two people working that night) but if you bring up the price difference they will honor the lower one. Bourbon Balcony: It was much more expensive than the pool patio and we assumed it would be just as nice as well. We were wrong. It looked like something out of a glorified motel 6. Completely outdated. The bathroom is still the same as the other room, and the furniture isn't terrible, but you can definitely tell a difference. The bed also seems like the mattress is a little old and the bedding and pillows are not as soft or nice. The tv is also a very old tube tv. The balcony is really the bread and butter of the room. The room is small and there are doors that open onto a balcony right in front of the jazz legends park, or strip club depending on which room you have. There is a band that plays and you can hear it in your room if you open the doors. Be warned...you can also hear EVERYTHING else going on, from drunk people to some kids tap dancing, cars driving and clean up crews in the morning. IT IS LOUD. You might be sitting there thinking 'oh it can't be that bad' but it is. The 3 nights we slept there we had to take over the counter sleep aids in order to get any sleep and then you still can't drown out the people yelling and music thumping. On sunday morning at about 6 am some kind person decided to drive down the street with their stereo blasting some rap song that blared now walk it out now walk it out' over and over again. Oh that was also the morning that some truck or something yelled over a machine get off the street that scared me so much I jumped out of bed. Honestly, if you want to throw beads or something, just go to a bar on bourbon with a balcony, your sanity is not worth staying the night in that room. Also it's completely over priced and is outdated. Save your money and stay on an interior roomFood: Desire oyster bar is great and we are there for about $30. It's also right on bourbon so you can people watch. Begue's is nice too. The sunday champagne brunch was great with awesome variety, but for two it was about $80 ($35 per person and gratuity and champagne is included)Overall, it was a nice place to stay. I did a lot of research on hotels and I was glad I stayed here. The pool patio is much nicer than bourbon, and if you are there for pleasure the location can't be beat. I can't say I wouldn't stay there again, but I would also consider the monteleone, le pavillion, or the prince conti hotel. I would not suggest it for people with kids cause it's literally across the street from many strip clubs. Also, if you want internet, they have it, but they charge you $10 a day for it, which I saw as a rip off. Staff was pleasant, cabs always parked out front (we didn't have a car), and we always felt safe since there was usually a police officer by the front door or in the lobby.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>4	2	4	5	5	3	3	2	

<Author>sdb1s
<Content>No one returns emails or calls...Upcoming Stay I have booked a room for an upcoming Conference-American College of Cardiology; I have sent emails to various managers at hotel inquiring what amenities are included for the room price of $300+/ SHOCKER - No one responds. I haven't even arrived there for my MARCH Conference, and I am feeling like this is a poorly managed hotel.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nathans_gal
<Content>Wedding coordinator not very coordinated! After attending a wonderfully executed wedding of my friend's a few years back I knew that when my special day came , I too would want to have it at the beautiful Royal Sonesta hotel in the French quarter court yard, however after making several attempts to get in touch with their wedding coordinator while waiting for a return phone call, I began to run out of time to secure my location. Mind you ,we were expecting around 250 guests and going all out on dinner and drinks this would not be a cheap ordeal. I felt like I was bothering this woman who when I was finally able to schedule a face to face meeting around my busy work schedule, she had called off sick. Understandably the other employees eligible to handle my details were already engaged with other events going on or out of the office as well. Everyone in I spoke to on the phone in the office was overly apologetic and offered a reschedule and that was fine. but I felt like I was being blown off in following days when the coordinator did not even bother to return my phone call or personally reschedule...instead she had her assistant call me. I know i am not the only bride in the city that wishes to have her wedding at the Sonesta, but I felt like I should have at least heard back for a follow up. Luckily I had just enough time left to secure space and package that was not much more expensive at another beautiful hotel only a few blocks away. They definitely made me feel like my special occasion was special, not just another bothersome customer. My advice to any bride to be is make sure you are getting your moneys worth and your wedding coordinator's attention, dedication and commitment to your event or what should be tears of joy will end up tears of disappointment due to placing you wedding in the hands of a coordinator that lacks interest entirely. I get the feeling the Sonesta's new wedding coordinator is not up to par and seems like she needs to consider a different career that doesnt require politeness or dependability. I just hope no one else has to go through this while planning their dream wedding.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	5	2	3	3	3	

<Author>caf123
<Content>Impressive! After a mixup at a hotel near by, a scary night stay in another hotel nearby, I walked in to the Royal Sonesta and crossed my fingers that our request for a king bed with a roll-away could be met. Yeah! It could, and at 10 a.m. we were assigned a room right away. We were given the choice of a noisy room facing Bourbon or a quiet room facing the other way, we choose quiet but I appreciated being given a choice.The hotel was beautifully appointed, quick to make up the rooms, pleasant and professional at the entry ways, and the location was great. Our friends stayed nearby and although their rooms were a little larger, the quality of the property and rooms simply didn't compare, and we only paid an extra $40/night more than they did.We never did try any of the restaurants, but I can't say enough about how comfortable the beds were, how quiet the room was on a busy Halloween weekend, and how nice the hotel was overall. We were too busy to visit the courtyard or spend anytime in the pool, but they looked beautiful from a distance.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lisaleopard
<Content>Great Location!! We just got back from teh Royal Sonesta. I must say the location in superb. However, be prepared that most restaurants and hotels are working at half of their usual staff since Katrina. You will have to wait in lines to check in and will never see anyone greeting you at the door. One poor bellman for the hotel the whole time we were there. Eubanks, the bellman was wonderful! Made an excellent recommendation or dinner-Tommy's...you have to eat there!! Say hello to him-their best employee!! Hotel is beautiful but rooms are a little outdated. Stay in courtyard room-very quiet. Overall a good expereience. Location is worth the other hassles of the hotel. Go to Spa Aria at tehhOtel MOnteleone...wonderful services there!! Eat at Muriel's and Tommy's!!!! You won't be disappointed!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>4	3	2	5	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>hevdaze
<Content>Awesome, Great price! Oh my gosh! What an awesome hotel! Right on Bourbon, in the middle of everything. Decided to visit new orleans last minute, booked a room for only $100!!! Room was clean, an we even had a pet, a crazy Jack Russell terrier that was loved by the concierge, and other staff. People were suprised seeing such a crazy animal walking through the spacious lobby. Pool was peautiful, complete with bar serving daquiris, beer, and wine, and many tropical plants. Desire oyster bar was great. Beautiful lobby, with flowers, a gift shop, and fountain. Enjoyed sitting in the sports bar on the first floor, watching all the games, and enjoying a drink with my wife. Nice courtytard, with fountain. Watch the five dollar water bottle provided! Haha! Loved this hotel, would always stay here again!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LaurenEk77
<Content>Great for the Price! We were overall happy with the Royal Sonesta. It was PERFECT location if you are looking for people watching and to have a good time. We asked for a room with a balcony over Bourbon and the first guy told us $100 extra where the lady that actually changed our room told us $75. The rooms were pretty clean, you can tell it is older, but what isn't on Bourbon street! We spent most of our time on our balcony (total of $184/night) just people watching. The service was good. Concierge pointed us to Petunias for breakfast which was GREAT, The Gumbo Shoppe for dinner which was pretty good. Friends recommended Dragos' which is just outside the city and it is UNBELIEVABLE- truly a must go!!! Great seafood (I hate oysters and ordered TWO dozen here!) The concierge gave us directions to Starbucks' by saying two streets down and go left- he forgot to tell us is it IN the Sheraton Hotel on Canal and you would never see it unless you asked. We also wanted to watch a football game on Sun. so we asked who would have ALL the football games (not just NOrleans) and they told us to go to a Sports Bar down Bourbon, after walking there in the pouring down rain, we found they had ONE TINY tv and weren't playing our game.I saw one user say he got a room for $80 and I think that would be worth it for a regular room not on Bourbon.I think it is worth it if you get a balcony room and love to watch people walk by. It may be a little loud if you go to bed early- but why stay there if you plan on it? The hallways are beautiful and the flowers at the entrance smell extraordinary! But check your water bottle in your room before drinking- ours had been opened and replaced with tap! The maid did offer to bring us a fresh one for free.Overall- a great trip! We will be back!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>mitzi610
<Content>Great Hotel First time to stay in the French Quarter and on Bourbon Street. Service, accomodations, staff, amenities - all excellent. Although on Bourbon Street, absolutely no street noise in room - unbelievable! Felt completely safe in New Orleans and loved being in walking distance of restaurants. Several meals were eaten at restaurants right across the street as well as within the hotel. First class hotel and well worth the $80.00 rate found on hotels.com. Will definitely return and recommend to others.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TomJr
<Content>Pleasant Stay I spent two nights at this hotel on Bourbon Street. Unfortunately, for families, the front door is across from a gentlemen's club, but if you're staying on Bourbon Street one should be ready for that in any case.The hotel is a bit older, yet management seems to be taking great care of it as it must have been updated over the years. My room, while a bit small was perfectly fine. The bathroom was especially nice with good water pressure, Moen fixtures and a bathtub that drained (I seem to run into many that don't).While the hotel is on a loud, busy street I had a center courtyard room that we very quiet.All staff members were courteous and quick to acknowledge me. The doormen was especially nice.The meeting facilities were perfect for our group of 120. All catered food was well done and the breaks had excellent snack choices.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel had problems,Bourbon Street scary Writing to express my concerns. This is as much about New Orleans as the Royal Sonesta. About our stay 5-13-06. When we checked in there was no parking,gave us a map to a downtown parking garage,the map was wrong. Did not really utiilze any of the hotels services. Be aware that I did not see a single policeman from from 5 pm to midnight in the Quarter until we went to bed. The barricades that used to be up until 5am were gone by 3am, many people driving up and down the streets with their radios on full blast,screaming and carrying on,because I could not sleep I was out on the balcony at 4 am. The crowd was scary. Be careful if you visit.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Giveypup
<Content>Alive and Kickin' The Royal Sonesta is ideally-located. The staff is not as plentiful as before Katrina, but they are earnest in their desire to help. The room service food was okay, and the person on the phone messed up our order, each and every time. It may have been because of a language barrier. The pool is a big plus, esp. when it is hot. Ask for a room that does not front on the streets and which is not on the backside. As well, roof repair is underway, and you will be awakened by the work, unless you request a room far away from the hammering.The Quarter is pretty much up and running. The first few days were a little desolate, the streets of the Quarter had garbage on them, and trashcans were overflowing. Then, people started arriving for the Quarter/Heritage festival, and things started to get animated. The garbage was mostly picked up as well.The restaurants are still the best in the continental U.S. The food was good to excellent, and the service was inadequate (a lot of new, inexperienced, very young waitstaff) to very good in the old standby restaurants.Go on the Vampire tour--you are sure to be spooked and, possibly, will see a ghost pass by a window (we did). The Gumbo Shoppe has the best crawfish etouffe. Mulate's is still suffering the aftermath of the quake, and their once authentic food wasn't very good. Acme Oyster house for unfailingly delish oysters.N'awlins is a great town that deserves to rise from the ashes.  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceptional hotel and service I went to New Orleans for New Years with my girlfriend, it was my third time visitng the city. We stayed for 5 nights. This is an exceptional hotel. The rooms are nicely decorated, not extremely spacious but a good size, appropriate for the price. Everything was fully functional, clea and the view of buorbon street was awesome.THe hotel loby, bars, retaurants and boutiques are fantastic, especially the oyster bar. The hotel lobby is beautifully decorated and the staff extremely attentive to the needs of guests. The bellhops are knowledgable and took care of the little details like getting cabs to come onto crazy bourbon street. No hidden charges, no nickel and diming, just plain honest hardworking staff.The location of this hotel is phenomenal just across the street from Rick's cabaret on bourbon street and within walking distance of everything you need. If you are going for Mardi gras or a festival, this is where you want to stay. Balconies are beautiful. The rooftop bar was cool, but not open when we were there:(This is defintely a 4 star property, with a five star location and amenities. In my opinion the nicest hotel on bourbon that is somewhat afforable.  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jlr51
<Content>Beautiful hotel My husband and I just recently stayed at the Royal Sonestal and were very impressed with everything. The lobby is incredibly beautiful. Our room was very nice and overlooked Bourbon Street, although we were there mid-week and were never disturbed by noise. The pool was sparkling and there is a pretty courtyard. We had a problem with our in-room safe (battery needed to be replaced), and someone arrived to fix it within ten minutes or less. All of the staff was very friendly, from the front desk, to doorman, to the man who changed the battery in the safe. We spent five nights in New Orleans, and stayed in three different places. We always do this when we visit New Orleans so that we can get a variety, i.e., elegant, quaint, bb, etc. However, this was one hotel that I did not want to leave. We enjoyed this hotel so much that I think that from now on we will probably always plan to stay here. Plus I got an amazing rate on hotels.com. Be sure to look for the best rate - when I was checking out, the man right beside me who was also was checking out was paying almost 3 times what I did for his room! Loved this beautiful hotel.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time at the hotel. I went with a friend to visit our friends whose house was destroyed and stayed at the hotel. One thing you have to keep in mind when visiting the area, there are so many new employees that have flown in that they may know nothing about New Orleans but at least it is a body to TRY to help you, you must be very understanding and patient since most residents lost their housing. The hotel was clean, everyone very friendly and my only complaint was that since it is a party town the walls are thin and the people next door could be heard, I am also a light sleeper. THe little coffee bar wans't great, but the front desk was very nice, especially Wilburt for touring ideas. The bell staff was also very nice and the housekeeping too, they have a very nice pool area too. We got a quiet inner courtyard view, the rooms on Bourbon Street I would think are noisy. You cannot beat the location.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>L8sho
<Content>It's o.k. My wife and I stayed at the Royal sonesta in mid January. I would rate this hotel as average. It has the atmosphere of a luxurious hotel in the lobby, but when you get to the rooms this image disappears. Rooms are small, and not all that clean. Even though the hotel seemed to be quite empty, we were given a room somewhere in the back overlooking the ruins of some other run down property. The first night we were there, we were disturbed by a knock on the door. It was a security guard investigating a report of someone smoking marijuana on our floor. I was much more irritated by this intrusion than I would have ever been by a neighbor smoking pot (especially since we were staying at ground zero of the party capital of the south). Anyway, it seems as if what is left of the NOPD/LA state police are now based and housed in the Royal Sonesta. If you do not like law enforcement officers (and everyone knows the reputation of law enforcement in NOLA), this is definitely not the place to stay right now. They have a state police H.Q. on the first floor. After we checked out, I realized we were overcharged on several things. We were overcharged on two nights of our stay. We were also charged for a pay per view movie in the room. We only turned the T.V. on a couple of times to watch the news or check the weather. We definitely didn't watch a movie. The positives are that this hotel is located right on Bourbon St. and it has on site parking. They also have a decent champagne brunch on Sundays. We only stayed here because the Bourbon Orleans was booked up (after a recent remodel, it is much nicer!). I would only stay at the Royal Sonesta again if everything else was booked up.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ceeceerose
<Content>Great hotel!! I have family in New Orleans so I am pretty familiar with the city...I have stayed in a good deal of places/areas of town. The Royal Sonesta, by far, offers the best location and experience. One of the three hotel bars to the GREAT restaurant for breakfast to the fabulous rooms, this place is a treasure. We had a courtyard room that opened up to the pool deck. BEAUTIFUL! And the price was right too!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>heathork
<Content>Great Location, Great Hotel! I have been to New Orleans several times, but this was the first time taking my husband. I was able to find a great price for the Royal Sonesta over Easter and decided to gie it a try. We were not dissapointed. Our room was nice but very close to bourbon and very noisy. The next night, we opted for a poolside room. Very nice. Quiet and overlooking the courtyard. Although we didnt use the pool, it was a nice option.We had a great time and would recommend this if you can find a good deal. The location was great.Only negative was a safe that wasn't working when we arrived, but we called the front desk and someone arrived quickly to fix it.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Week at the Royal Sonesta We recently went to New Orleans for a convention and were assigned to the Royal Sonesta at 300 Bourbon St. Upon arrival we went directly to the underground parking where we were met with wonderful people. All of the staff were dressed in wonderful uniforms, and they were very kind. From the moment they unpacked our car and parked it, until they repacked it for us a week later, they did everything possible to make us feel like we were at home. Our room was very nice, it had french doors leading out to the courtyard and pool. The room included mini-bar and a safe. We had two small children with us and the hotel supplied us (at no extra cost) with a refrigerator for their milk. The atmosphere was one of elegance and charm. I intend to return to New Orleans as soon as possible and will ONLY stay at the Royal Sonesta.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kamaa
<Content>Beautiful hotel with rude service When we got there, I was impressed with the hotel. Parking was one of the cheapest in the area too. I had called to follow up an internet reservation to request a courtyard facing room (a must if you dont want the noise) and a king non-smoking. When we arrived, there were no courtyard side rooms without an additional upgrade fee. The manager was rude and short with us and offered no other options and just told us we had to deal with what we got. Actually, everyone at the front desk was impolite. Rooms were small but clean. SUPER soft bed and nice linens.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Royal Sonesta is wonderful; New Orleans is not The Royal Sonesta is a lovely hotel with fine service, clean rooms, and good location, even though it is located on Bourbon Street. I particularly enjoyed breakfasts in the hotel restaurant where service was the best I have had in ages. The New Orleans French Quarter, on the other hand, has become disgracefully dirty. Trash, the stench, and filth is all around the hotel. Talented street musicians still perform, great food is still served all over, and shopping is fun, but how much longer will it last if the city doesn't clean up its act? The areas on Decatur Street were cleaner, so if you are staying at this hotel, go toward the river and then toward Jackson Square for a better part of the area.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent! Excellent! Excellent! This was my second trip to New Orleans and second time staying at Royal Sonesta. I will definitely continue to book Royal Sonesta every year I visit New Orleans. Why?Clean, upscale feeling, great amenities - Rooms of your choice, Balcony, On Bourbon, Off Bourbon, Suites, Standard all are reasonably priced, comfortable and clean. Beds  pillows are comfortable. Hotel is Private and quiet (provided you dont stay in a room overlooking Bourbon St.) Massage and bar services poolside. Nice Lobby, Great Bar and Restaurant.The staff at Royal Sonesta are very hospitable. I visited the Cigar Bar and was served by one of the most friendly bartenders. (She makes the best bloody mary you'll ever have) She talked with me for hours and recommended 15+ places/sites/venues to experience. I also chatted with the cashier in the Gift Shop who also recommended some local scenes to check out. Room Service  the Restaurant in the lobby were great!This hotel is safe. I can vouch for that as I had left the hotel and later learned I left my hotel room door wide open for about 1/2 hour upon my return my room was free of any disruption. Secured lobby and security asks for room key upon entering the lobby in the evening hours.I am 38 years old and recommend this hotel to families, singles, old/young. I dont have one bad thing to say about the hotel. The location is Excellent. My opinion, best located hotel in the French Quarters.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Duxbury
<Content>Highly Recommend... This was my first trip to New Orleans, and I'd stay here again in a heartbeat! The hotel is attractive and well-maintained, and the pool is lovely. We walked around in the hot sun exploring the city and looked forward each day to relaxing at the pool in the late afternoon with a swim and cocktails- perfect! The room was very clean and well decorated, but the walls were a bit thin- I tried to sleep in late and heard lots of activity in the hallway. We got a free newspaper delivered at our door each morning, and there was a fancy TV system in the room with cable, internet, and video games. The concierge staff were fantastic (especially Russell)- very friendly and helpful. They booked tours for us and gave us great restaurant referrals. This hotel is located on Bourbon Street which can be pretty sleazy and stinky, but the location is central and we heard no street noise in our inner room. The outer rooms facing Bourbon Street might be noisy because the bars stay open way past 2:00 am. I read another review where someone had jewelry stolen, but that's due to carelessness on their part- the hotel provided an in-room safe, and experienced travellers lock valuables up in their suitcases.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will only stay at the Royal Sonesta!!! It was my first trip to NOLA and I was thrilled to stay in a hotel right on Bourbon Street! Upon checking in, my friends and i were greeted by the doorman. The staff were super friendly and very helpful!! Talk about southern hospitality. We ate at Desire's twice - the red beans and rice was great and oysters are to die for. What I liked about my stay is that we had peace and quiet in our room (not overlooking Bourbon) and the hotel lobby had a nice and classy feel. The rooms were nice - we got 2 connecting rooms and they were both lovely and comfortable. The bathroom was spacious and I liked the extra drawers in the bathroom. We didn't encounter the water pressure issue I read on the other reviews. Housekeeping also kept our room clean when we wanted them to. However, the walls are thin but it didnt really bother us since we were always out. The pool was a nice plus. We also like the security in the lobby at night - since it was our annual girls' trip, we felt really secure. As soon as we step out of our hotel, it was a party!!! We will definitely stay at Royal Sonesta when we go back next year!!!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Tim_the_Taf
<Content>Overpriced Stayed there with my family Aug 1 to 4 2005. Good points - its on Bourbon Street. Bad points - its on Bourbon Street + everything else. Asked for a quiet room months ahead, we were given a room next to the elevator: noisy, lots of convention goers yelling up and down the corridor at 3 a.m. Parking is difficult - they have a garage (about $30/ day !!) but its small and spaces are tight. My wife had to go to ER whilst we were there, they didn't even know where the nearest hospital was ! Constant feeling that they wanted our cash but didn't want to provide anything like service in return. Avoid.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't Say Enough Good Things I had not been to New Orleans in years and was skeptical of taking my 7 year old son and staying on Bourbon Street. But staying at the Royal Sonesta turned out to be the highlight of our trip. We were there from July 27 though July 30. With two steps you are out of the craziness of Bourbon Street and you enter a refuge that was excellent in every way. I found the responsiveness of the staff exceptional and especially appreciated the security in the lobby of the hotel in the evenings. We were stopped just inside the door and asked for our room key before being allowed to enter. I can't address the responsiveness of problem resolution since I didn't encounter any during our 3 night stay. Our room was clean and very comfortable. We were on the 6th floor and it was very quiet both from internal and external noise. We only ate in one of the restuarants, Desire, but the food was excellent with fair service. The pool area is great and well maintained.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to New Orleans that wants to be in the thick of things but not all the time. It is central to everything and surrounded by the best restaurants in NOL. It is where I plan on staying during any future trips.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing service and unresponsive management The location is convenient. However, drunken college students making rude comments should not be allowed to loiter in the lobby of a four star hotel.The most serious problem was with housekeeping and management. A jewelry pouch left in our room disappeared when the room was cleaned. Even though we contacted the hotel within hours of the incident, repeated calls to lost and found or hotel management were useless. We were given the run-around and had to conclude that no serious attempt had been made to investigate the incident.Worse yet, we received no apology. Despite repeated promises, our calls were not returned and we got the clear impression that hotel management was just trying to sweep this episode under the rug and keep it quiet until we got tired of calling.If you choose to stay at this pretentious hotel, watch your valuables in the room and don't expect any help if something goes wrong.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>dafuskie
<Content>Perfect location! 1st time to New Orleans, Royal Sonesta is in the middle of everything! Beautiful lobby, friendly staff. Request a room poolside if you need peace and quiet at night. Rooms on Bourbon Street side can keep you up at night, but you are not supposed to be in that early, it is the Big Easy!!!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Service! We stayed at the Royal Sonesta 7/11 - 7/15. Impressive service, very comfortable for the price we paid ($85/night). Rooms on the small side as are most in the French Quarter but we were able to find a king size bed with no problem. Staff is extremely friendly and helpful - we received an immediate response to our question about the safe in our room. This was our 2nd trip to New Orleans and we're done with Bourbon Street so we probably won't stay at the Royal Sonesta again. However, I definately recommend it for first time travelers who want to stay in the heart of the French Quarter!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Girl-on-the-go13
<Content>The only place to stay in the French Quarter My husband and I plan one trip a year to the French Quarter in New Orleans. We have stayed at places like the Fairmont and Marriott to the smaller boutique hotels in the French Quarter and the Garden District. More than not we try to pick hotels based on their history and/or lore. However, this time we decided to stay at the Royal Sonesta because it always looked beautiful and they offered the French Quarter Romance package which we highly recommend without a doubt. Not only is the hotel quite nice, especially the pool and courtyard, but the service was impeccable all around. This is the 6th hotel we have stayed in and we will stay at the Royal Sonesta from now on. Our room was large, neat and very clean, with French doors opening up to the balcony that overlooked the courtyard and only a few steps to the pool which also has an outdoor bar. Did I mention how comfy and plush the beds are? They also offer valet parking at $30 a day which is worth every penny. Dinner for two at Beques restaurant located within the hotel was included in our package. The food was right out of Gourmet magazine and delicious, and the service was very attentive but never overbearing. The proximity of the hotel was perfect. However, I do recommend booking a room facing the courtyard/pool if you want to avoid the revelers on Bourbon St. I could go on and on raving about this hotel. You can shop around online for other hotels in the area, but in the end you will end up paying around the same amount of money no matter where you go. The difference is that staying at the Royal Sonesta you won't leave disappointed. Lastly, I would definitely look into the packages they offer. They're well worth it.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place on Bourbon Street Stayed one night at the Royal Sonesta on Bourbon Street. What a great place, very classy and you can't beat the location. Went in June so the rates were very inexpensive. Rooms were very clean and quiet. Definitely would stay there again. First Class.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mteachj
<Content>Great Relaxation in the Midst of Action       Sunset on the Mississippi  
<Date>Jul 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LuvDCaribbean
<Content>Perfect.       3rd floor Pool  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>horible service service is non-exsistent. room was dirty. prescription pills littered carpets. pubic hair on bath tiles. food in drawers. no housekeeping. soiled comforter was put outside of door only to remain there for 2 days. was directed to krystal for coffee at 5:55 because no one had set up the complimentary coffee. poor management and poor housekeeping. not worth the money and will never stay there again. overall horrible experience and would not recommend this one star dumpster to the bums who litter its doorsteps.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Attention to the details! Having stayed at hotels throughout South Louisiana, it was a real treat to see a hotel so well maintained! Everything in the room worked, the sheets  towels were clean, and the bed was extremely comfortable. Housekeeping was more than a few housekeepers. The managers were walking the halls inspecting their work. On our last day, we saw both a painter and electrician out working on the grounds (this may seem simple to some of you, but to those of us from here, this is a real treat!) To top it off, there was a postage-reply card in each room that asked you to report anything that wasn't satisfactory. The card went directly to the owner of the hotel - a nice touch!The hotel's location is ideal. There are 3 exits - one to Bourbon, one to Bienville and one to Conti. It doesn't get any better! Inside the hotel, there are 3 restaurants or bars (that we could count anyway). Two, situated directly on Bourbon, are nice places to grab a drink, relax, and then return to the festivities. (and yes, you can bill your drinks to your room).Two recommendations: (1) ask for a courtyard room, and (2) add $30 per day for parking. This is standard in New Orleans.Thanks Royal Sonesta! We had a great stay!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Timmy485
<Content>One of the Best in the Quarter I have stayed at most of the hotels in the French Quarter and I must say this is one of the nicest if not the best. The hotel has a good location especially to some of the better restaurants of the French Quarter. The lobby is nice but what makes it better is the great fresh flower arrangements they have. They lobby bar is a good place to sit and listen to some live music. There is a lush courtyard off the lobby which is a great place for a morning coffee. The pool area is better than most hotels in the area. It's very spacious and has a bar. If you want to lay out, this is the best location as most of the other pools are in courtyards that only allow you to sit in the sun for short periods of time as the walls of the building soon block it out. Service is very good and so are the rooms. It is a bit more expensive than the rest of the hotels in the French Quarter but if you have the extra money, you should stay here.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>clagodna
<Content>Great Hotel! Stay Here! We stayed here over Memorial Day weekend and had a wonderful time. The location was very convenient to everything we wanted to do. There was a small group of us and this will be the only hotel we plan on returning to in NO on our future trips. The room was very comfortable. The more we travel, the more we like a safe in the room, so this was appreciated. There was an over abundance of drawer space in the room, in the closet , and in the bathroom. We liked that the hangers could be taken on and off the rod in the closet and that there were more than enough, even though I might have overpacked. I know that none of us mean to, but sometimes it just happens. I still can't understand why a decent hotel worries about losing their hangers, but I'm glad the Royal Sonesta worries more about their guests. The bathrooms were fine. They were supplied with a hair dryer that wasn't connected to the wall, which made me very happy. The absolute best thing about the room is the robes. I've stayed in many hotels, both in the States and in Europe, that have robes in the rooms, but this is the first time a robe has fit me. It was wonderful. I was so happy that someone at this hotel had thought that maybe not everyone is a petite size 6. For that alone, I'll come back.The best part of the hotel grounds, for me, is the pool. I love pools and this one was perfect for a weekend in NO. I did laps first thing in the morning and after sightseeing all day, I'd jump in the pool to get refreshed before getting ready for the evening. The pool bar was great. It always feels a bit decadent laying around a pool and sipping on a drink. One nice feature is that the pool had towels handy so no one had to bring their bathroom towels to the pool. I always hate that. If you can afford it, pay the extra and get a room that opens onto the pool. The poor woman helping me with my reservation did a wonderful job. It seemed that every other week I had another question about the rates or something, and she was very patient with me and explained everything until I understood. The concierge desk always was staffed with someone who was able to answer questions and help with reservations. Even Sunday night, someone was there to help us. The doormen wear white helmets with a gold spike. This helps on Saturday night when you need a cab and and the doorman takes off and dives into the crowd on Bourbon St. to get a cab on the side street. You might lose sight of the doorman, but you can always keep your eyes on that helmet and spike. I don't know if someone thought about that, but it turns out to be a great idea. One of the Sonesta's bars is on Bourbon St. They keep the air conditioning on and some of the doors open. So it's a great place to sit and have a drink and watch the people parade on Bourbon St.Besides the main door on Bourbon St., they also have a side door on Conti and that really saves some wear and tear on your feet. However, the side door is locked after a certain time. At night, they also check ID. I like the idea that people on Bourbon St. can't just wander into the hotel in the night.I think we'll be going back before Christmas, and if we do we'll definitly be staying hereHave a great time.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>thurman52
<Content>Great location, one problem. I checked into the Royal Sonesta on the Sun.of Memorial Day weekend for three nights.The clerk offered an upgrade to a patio pool room for $30, we accepted the offer. The room was great, we had a nice view of the court yard. That night at 12 midnight the fun started. Drunken college students outside of our room, swearing and screaming for 15 minutes. I called the desk and spoke with the night auditor. She send up security, by time he arrived the drunks had gone to their rooms. Back to bed until 4am, When more drunk kids repeated the events again. Sercurity was dispatched again, no kids around by time the guard arrived. Needless to say, I got zero sleep that night. I spoke with the asst.manager in the morning, who expressed her regrets for the ruckus. I was comped 1 nights upgrade cost. I loved the hotel, the other 2 nights were great. However, when a dozen drunken kids go up in the elevator with bottles of beer in their hands, maybe security would be a little bit more proactive. Great hotel, very nice rooms, location can't be beat, Sercurity, not what was advertised.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>amarch
<Content>Great Location!!!! Stayed at the Royal Sonesta for 2 nights, May 26 and 27. Was in New Orleans for a conference. After the first 3 nights at Le Pavillon (look at my other review) my husband and 14 year old wanted to be in the middle of the action. Boy, could of not picked a better hotel. We original asked for a Bourbon view, but the balconies were more expensive. When I checked in I was given 3 options for the same price. 1) Balcony with bed facing Conti, 2)window facing Bourbon or 3)a parlor suite without a bed but they would accomadate us with the sofabed but with a balcony on Bourbon. We decided on the balcony facing Bourbon. Best decision we ever made. The hotel itself was great, restaurants were good. The pool was adequate and great cool down after walking all day. The room was larger then a regular room and included a mini kitchen with a sink and the rest of the room had beautiful furniture. The hotel put a full size mattress on the sofa bed and my son had a roll away. The parlor even had nice terry cloth robes. But at sundown we were on the balcony. I bought my son some beads and he enjoyed throwing them to the children. Mind you as it got later it got more risque, so off to bed my son went. The experience was great. Being our first trip to NOLA we absolutely had a great time.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>babygoon
<Content>Classy hotel on Bourbon Street       Room 3150  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect location and SAFE I have stayed at the Royal Sonesta twice...both for conferences I was attending in NO. Each time was a wonderful experience. The hotel is beautiful inside and I thought all staff were friendly and helpful. Rooms are nice...both times I had a room with doors to the pool/courtyard. Very beautiful. I can believe, however, that if you're in a room on Bourbon St. the noise would continue into the wee hours. I would recommend an inside room, if you're not up to listening to the activities of Bourbon St. all night. We didn't hear a thing in our room.Finally, this hotel is an a great location, right on Bourbon St. You are within walking distance to everything in the French Quarter. Even though Bourbon St. can get pretty crazy, I always felt the hotel was safe. They locked the side doors pretty early in the evening and the main entrance was always guarded by a doorman and security guard.Great place to stay!!  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Grace23
<Content>Royal Sonesta is a gem! The Royal Sonesta was a great find. Located on Bourbon street, the hotel was in a great location in the French Quarter near dining, nightlife, and public transportation. The service was excellent and each worker at the hotel was polite and very accomodating. The room was beautiful and clean. We chose a interior room, facing the courtyard, which I would recommend over a street-facing room. The rooms on the Bourbon street side can be loud because of the partying on the club laden street. The courtyard was beautiful and the hotel boasts an oyster bar that is one of the best in the city. The concierge was more than helpful, quickly sending me up a toothbrush, as I had forgotten mine. The doorman recommended some of the best dining of our trip. The beds were comfortable, but the pillows left a little to be desired. My only complaint is that the walls are thin and we had a very loud, very drunk woman staying in the room next to us, who we could hear talking on her cell phone at around 2:00 am. The hotel management handled the issue promptly and we were able to get back to sleep. Other than that, the Royal Sonesta was wonderful. The great location, service, and extras really were worth it.  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best in the Quarter We have been to NO several times and each time staying somewhere different searching for the perfect hotel. We found it ! I will never stay anywhere else. You feel like a king and queen while here, from the doormen to the the maids all the help is wonderful. The rooms are large and beds are very comfy! It is the perfect loacation for everything. It is thebest place int he quarter.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>J1821
<Content>Beautiful and very friendly staff... My boyfriend and I recently stayed at this hotel and loved it. Not only is it in a great location, the staff couldn't be more helpful. Any question you had, they had an answer and/or suggestion. The hotel was super clean with great service - a staff member even called to have an unattended maid's cart removed from the hall because it was an unpleasant sight. We were there during Spring Break, so asked for a room off of Bourbon/Conti. The only available rooms were smoking. We're non-smokers, but either there weren't many smoking rooms booked or the cleaning is great b/c our room never smelled of smoke - nor the hallway. I'd definitely stay there again - an amazing price for such a hotel!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>WINolagirl
<Content>Loved the Royal sonesta Stayed at the sonesta on a visit to NO with my teen aged son. We both loved it. The location cannot be beat, staff was friendly and helpful. Hotel was beautiful. the court yard and the pool area were just lovely. Will definatly stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Esquimalt
<Content>An oasis on Bourbon street Stayed at the Royal Sonesta for five nights, April 2 toApril 6, 2005. My wife and I booked it on the basis of the TripAdvisor reviews and location. It desrves its above average  rating. This was our first visit to New Orleans and we wanted to stay in the French Quarter. We booked a non-smoking king on the courtyard (no balcony) to avoid the noise of Bourbon Street. We arrived about 6:30 on a Saturday evening. It appeared that the room had been booked, the hotel being nearly full and that we were going to be given a smoking room as a substitute. We asked again for a non-smoking room. The receptionist changed it to a non-smoking room, not on the courtyard, but on a quiet side street, I believe the room we were given was somewhat larger than what we had originally booked. It was clean, quiet and very comfortable. Good service recovery. The housekeeing was very good for our stay.If you are there on a Sunday, a definite must is the hotel's champagne brunch in Begue's @ $30 each. Quality, selection and service are first rate. Although we only went to Begue's for the brunch and one breakfast, we were impressed with the professional and accommodating service. A couple of reviews mentioned snooty service and poor water pressure. We personally found the service of all staff to be professional, competent and friendly. Our average nightly cost was $175. We thought this an acceptable price for a world renowned city. The Royal Sonesta has an ideal location on Bourbon Street. We most definitely would recommend the Royal Sonesta.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cetz
<Content>Perfect Anniversary We recently spent our 10th anniversary at the Royal Sonesta on Bourbon Street. After I made the reservation I was a little concerned about noise and location so I called the hotel for a possible upgrade to interior room and mentioned in my reason our anniversary. There were none available that we could afford even though we were celebrating. When we checked in we were shocked to find out we had been upgraded to a balcony room over looking Bienville street just a few rooms from Bourbon Street rooms. The staff had flowers in our room, chilled champagne and a beautiful note congratulating us on our anniversary. It was wonderful. The room was lovely and good size and the location cannot be beat. We will never stay anywhere else in New Orleans but the Royal Sonesta.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Royal Sonesta We recently stayed at The Royal Sonesta Hotel in New Orleans (Feb. 12-Feb.15) and got married there. We were married in their courtyard on Valentine's Day. It could not have been more beautiful. The hotel was grand and romantic. The rooms were very nice, although a little small. Everything was clean and well taken care of. The staff and management made our stay there comfortable. Between the hotel and the officiant who married us, our wedding could not have been better.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>carlsbadkid
<Content>Great place, convenient location New Orleans is a crazy place! As someone who doesn't really like noise, smoke or crowds, most people were shocked that I was going to be spending 4 days on Bourbon Street. I asked for an inside room and the Royal Sonesta is quite large, so it wasn't a problem. Never heard a peep from the street at any time. The rooms are nice, nothing special, but clean. The walls are thin- so we could hear doors slam sometimes, but that happens in older hotels. Nothing to complain about, really. The interior of the hotel is very nice and the service was good also. It was fascinating to walk around a beautiful lobby and then open the front doors to a crazy mix of people, music, drinks and noise. It was so very convenient and really a great place to stay. Ours was a leisure trip, so I'm glad we stayed there rather than close to the convention center.Plan on extensive walking! The streets are very uneven and broken/raised bricks are everywhere so keep that in mind while planning your shoes. We visited the D Day Museum which is one of the most incredible museums I have been to, and I've been to a lot! It is Smithsonian class and you can easily spend 2-4 hours there. We are young, but most of the folks visiting were of the greatest generation. FOOD TO DIE FOR: Try K-Pauls , Twin Fillets with debris sauce. Made you want to lick the plate clean. Emerils was good too. Skip dinner at Pat OBrien's and just have the Hurricane. Enjoy your trip!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bayman
<Content>great location Stayed at Royal Sonesta for 3 nights .Terrific location ! Between Bourbon and Royal ,on Conti and Bienville.Right in the middle of everything. Room was good -sized,clean and quiet.It opened onto the courtyard,which because it was chilly was fine (might be noisy in warm weather). Service was fine.Desire oyster bar was so-so,but w/ so many food options in the city -why bother. Seemed a little pricey ,but if you want to be in the heart of the action -this was it .  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Felt like Royalty! I loved everything about this hotel. Though it is the middle of the boistrous Bourbon st. it was elegant, clean, quiet and perfectly located. The rooms are very comfy and have all of the amenities you would want. I would highly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Neutral...... As the other reviewers note, the location of this hotel can NOT be beat - it is fantastic! The hotel itself is nice, but VERY expensive. The room was clean, the fitness center clean and had good machines, the pool area nice, etc.... I had a room on the back courtyard, so it was quiet as well. All in all, a good high 3 star experience. Here are the things that would have made it 4-star for me: - Better shower pressure and temperature. - A registration desk staff that is actually friendly and doesn't act like I'm bothering them.And lastly, I know it's customary in the hotel industry to charge for every single call - however, I feel this is an outdated archaic practice and should be discontinued. The Royal Sonesta does indeed charge for every single phone call made......  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>NawtynGA
<Content>Pricy, but worth it!! We stayed at the Royal Sonesta during Mardi Gras 2005. We hardly left the room. The view of Bourbon Street was awesome, room service was awesome, computer hook-up allowed us to keep in touch with our family and the bed was so comfy. We slept sound even with all the noise outside. The rooms are pretty soundproof. The only thing that I didn't like was that we were charged for parking. I think parking should be free for guests.   
<Date>Feb 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, not so great service The hotel was great, had a great location in the heart of the french quarter, got a good deal for a room online. I guess that is how the guy at the front desk decided how he was going to treat us... He was very condesending in the way he treated us. my husband and I are middle class americans, dressed in casual style, name brand nothing fancy but we had also just been on a plane for 5 hours. Anyhow we had rented a cheapy car from budget so when he asked our vehicle make and we answered, that's when he really looked down his nose at us. Give me a break, all money is green and spends the same.. It just left me with a bad taste in my mouth... Customer service is everything and at a hotel as nice as that they should instill that fact into their employees. That and make sure you budget for parking... $28.00 a night. Most hotels down there charge for parking since it is so hard to come by. Great hotel though!!  
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>gwillis
<Content>Unforgettable Very elegant hotel,located in the historic street of New Orleans. What I really appreciated was the kindness of the staff. They really make you feel 'at home' and important.Excellent room decor.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel!!!!!! If you are looking for a true taste of New Orleans, this is the hotel to stay at! My family recently stayed 3 nights at the Royal Sonesta and then 3 nights at the Omni Royal (We weren't sure if we could handle a whole week on Bourbon St.). Our trip began at the Royal Sonesta and we loved it so much that we were devastated to have to move on to the Omni. The hotels location in the heart of the French Quarter on Bourbon St., is perfect. Although my family enjoyed every aspect of New Orleans, it was truly the Royal Sonesta that has inspired us to make plans to return again next year.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bradshawgirl
<Content>Wonderful hotel in the quarter We stayed at the Royal Sonesta for two nights during a recent swing through New Orleans. We couldn't have been more pleased with the staff and the service at this hotel. They were attentive to every request we made, and they solved the few small problems we encountered in short order. (We requested a toothbrush, which they quickly supplied. Also, when the patrons in the room next door to us inadvertently left their alarm set, the hotel staff speedily sent someone up to shut it off.) The lobby is beautiful, as is the outdoor courtyard. Our double room was more than sufficient for our needs, and the hotel's location is great for exploring the French Quarter.We requested a room on an upper floor with a courtyard view in order to ensure a good night's sleep. Be warned, however. The walls of the hotel are thin, and you can hear what's going on in the rooms that abut yours. (That is probably our sole complaint about the hotel.) Other than that, it was a dream stay. The staff is largely to thank. They are wonderfully helpful and attentive.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Live like a King Do you want to be treated like royalty? You should stay at the Royal Sonesta if you do. Good service, clean rooms, and don't get me started on how nice it is to be within walking distance of everything in the French Quarter. I did hear some music on Bourbon St but it was nothing major. A courtyard room would take care of any noise problem. Not to mention the wonderful view one would have looking down on the courtyard. I can't wait to stay again.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great, but little sleep Clean, safe, beautiful hotel. Attended a seminar at the hotel and stayed also. Everything taken care of wonderfully. Although, if you do stay here, ask for a courtyard facing room, if your intention is to sleep at some point. All remaining available rooms when we checked in were facing burboun st. For those of you who have not been to New Orleans, Bourbon St. is an all night party with ongoing loud music and bands year round. If an indoor facing courtyard room is not available get a pair of earplugs if it is too loud for you. Otherwise I would not have stayed at anyother hotel. It is centrally located, the staff was wonderfull and helpful. The food was great. And the room was beautiful  
<Date>Dec 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tmr212
<Content>LOVED THE HOTEL Stayed here this past weekend and loved it. i thought the garden was pretty, the service in the restaurant for breakfast was amazing, the room was clean (not huge, but not small at all) and nice. We faced the inner courtyard and it was 100% quiet - wouldn't even know we were on bourbon street. and loved that it is not a hotel with kids partying - it is for adults and is classy. I would 100% recommend it. The only thing i was wary about was the restaurant recommendations by the staff- a lot that they recommended I had done research on, and they seemed touristy and didn't have good reviews. Do your own restaurant research and reservations.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tryme1
<Content>Top Class Hotel, Top Class Staff We've just returned from a three week trip to the States - two weeks of which we spent at the Royal Sonesta in New Orleans. I don't know what else to say except that this is a top class hotel with some of the best and most helpful staff we've come across at any hotel worldwide. If you're paying for a four star hotel, you should be expecting four star service and that's what we got here. Because of my partner's disability, the first room we were offered wasn't acceptable (nothing wrong with the room, except that Sally couldn't use the bathtub/shower). The night manager and the guy behind the reception desk went all out to accomodate our needs and by the morning had moved us to a room that was more than good for us. That for me is the sign of a hotel that cares about it's clientele. As far as I'm concerned, if a hotel is willing to go that extra yard to make its guests comfortable, then it deserves full marks. Particularly as we'd travelled for 18 hours from the UK and weren't as reasonable as we usually are!Aside from that, the Royal Sonesta is a gorgeous looking hotel, the rooms are plenty big enough and - as others have mentioned - they have really comfortable beds. Better than that, though, are the staff. I like hotel staff that manage to walk that fine line between being professional and being friendly and chatty with guests. This is where the Royal Sonesta really shines - they've got some great staff. From the gorgeous Miss Kitty and Tony (the theater major) behind the bar to Jim the Assistant Manager, these are just some of the people that will make your stay at this hotel exceptional. If you want to be in the heart of the action on Bourbon Street, I really can't recommend this hotel more highly. You won't regret staying here. In fact, like the reviewer from Canada, I can't believe this hotel isn't more highly rated on this website. It damn well should be!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, okay rooms The hotel has a great location (right on Bourbon). The lobby is beautiful but the rooms are not as nice as I hoped. The bed was comfortable. The bathroom was just okay, a hair in the bathtub, terrible pressure from the shower, lukewarm water, and the toilet flush sprayed water everywhere. If you are interested in being right on Bourbon, this is the place. And it is right by some GREAT restaurants (Acme).  
<Date>Sep 2, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Experience Super hotel. If you want to be right in the action on Bourbon Street, this is the place. Our room was quiet, clean. Beautiful lobby. Staff very attentive. Our first time in New Orleans and knew nothing about this hotel other than the reviews on this website. Always a little hestitate about booking online but this turned out to be a great experience. Also, a great deal since we went in August. Could not have been more pleased.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BigBobbyClobber
<Content>Two Big Plus Considerations for a Summer Stay I don't understand why this establishment is not in the top 10 on this site. Spent a great week here in August 04. Rates were amazing for NOLA. Booked on the hotel website for $79 ($99 wkend). Room was not huge, but that was not an issue for me. In my experience the hotel was immaculate, quiet, safe, great location, good maid service. Two big pluses for a summer stay: (1) Superb location allows one to frequently duck back to the hotel to cool off from the heat; (2) Excellent air conditioning with choice of 3 levels of cooling. I did not appreciate this until I read on this site about many complaints of poorly functioning air conditioners in small older hotels. One minus - $9.00 (!) for a Dubonnet in the Mystick Lounge was an over the top price. Satchmofest was great fun ! The Storyville Stompers made our day.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect! My daughter and I took our vacation in New Orleans, July 9 -12, 2004 and we could not have asked for a better location, accomidations and staff. The Royal Sonesta is definitely a future destination point for me again. It's right on Bourbon Street and there is no need for a car if you plan on staying around the French Quarter. As everyone else has said in their reviews, the beds are wonderful and the rooms are beautifully decorated.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MinnesotaMO
<Content>Loved it except.... Beautiful hotel.....It's very elegant when you walk in not to mention very large in size...and unlike most hotels in the quarter it doesnt smell like mold.The rooms are VERY clean although that was when we first checked in...The next day we declined room service. We didnt realize that they would never com to our room in the 3 days we were there.We were going to spend one more night but decided instead of having to beg someone to clean our room(garbages were full for 3 days) that we would just move to a diffent hotel.Which was alot of work walking down Bourbon pulling luggage in the heat but it was great to have a clean room again.Otherwise the hotel was very nice. I read on here that they had great beds but after sleeping on a sheraton sweet sleeper it didnt even compare. I will be returning to the quarter in November. As much as I like the hotel the lack of room service let me down so I dont think I'll be spending my last 5 nights of vacation time there. Great hotel I would suggest it BUT make sure you tell them you want your room cleaned.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2004
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Cathy72
<Content>Not pleased After reading these reviews I feel like I must have stayed at a different hotel. I just returned from a three day stay there and was not pleased. Upon arrival I was surprised at the cost of parking since this was not listed on their web page or other advertisments. The clerk was slightly rude at check-in. The room was very small and there were not any drawers in the bedroom for clothes. There was a closet with shelves. I could hear the people in the rooms on either side of me. The doorman was often missing from the door. When I had to retrieve my vehicle to drive somewhere else I had to wait for them to move another vehicle out of my way because they were double parking. (They had run out of parking spaces) I'm paying $30 a day for this? The valet service was never up to par. There were good points. The light in the restroom was very good and there were drawers in there and the maid service was prompt and unobtrusive although apparently turn down service was not part of it. They delivered a daily paper and the clerk was courteous and pleasant at check-out.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A GREAT ESTABLISHMENT I Just returned from this wondervful establishment two days ago! i attended the essence music festival. i have to say that the rooms were beautiful and the staff was amazing, even down to the housekeepers who were very courteous. the staff was so helpful and friendly! i have to definately commend the security staff. they were helpful with directions, giving me good places to eat and making me and friends feel secure, and i say this because i come from a law enforcement background. i commend the security officers, darren, steven, burnell and ray!!keep up the good work guys! I'll definately be back next year for the same venue.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best location! Perfect hotel. Have stayed there twice and both times had absolutely no complaints about services. Lovely courtyard. In the middle of the action, yet with good security.   
<Date>Jun 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Otiswp
<Content>Location, Location, Location If you want to be in the middle of the action, the Royal Sonesta is the place to be. A safe walking distance to everything Restaurants, Riverwalk, etc. My room had a balcony overlooking Bourbon street. Great to people watch and share some beads. Caution however, the noise from Bourbon street continues into the wee hours of the morning.My only negative was the that the bedspread had more pills on it then my Walmart sweater. I would stay at this location again however as compared to properties on Canal Street.  
<Date>May 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SharonInAVolvo
<Content>Cushy beds we wanted to take home I'd not been for 25 yrs  my friend from Colorado has always loved Mardi Gras, so where else to go for our road trip April 2004 but New Orleans, LA - the Center of Mardi Gras for the U.S.  where did we stay but the Royal Sonesta on Bourbon Street for Sun  Mon, after the Jazz Festival (4/25 to 4/26)  got great rates! What was the best part of the stay? Sleeping soundly on the cushy beds we wanted to take home! We checked out the in-room catalog but we couldn't afford all it took to make that perfect bed! I reserved our room using Expedia  when we checked in they bumped us up to a Deluxe room, plus had no problem with my request for two Double beds when the webpage had said it was a room with a Queen bed - maybe since it was after Jazz Fest  the rain still hadn't stopped. Our room overlooked the pool courtyard for peace  quiet each night after visiting Bourbon Street, which was right outside the hotel front door. There were fresh flowers outside the elevator doors  plants in bloom in the hotel's other garden courtyard, plus a coffee bar just downstairs (if you couldn't make it to Cafe du Monde in the morning.) The only bummer was paying for the parking garage at nearly 30 bucks a night after taxes, which was a big surprise! (at least it was in a safe place, I'd read bad reviews from other locations)  
<Date>May 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place! Great deal during Mardi Gras I stayed at the Sonesta during Mardi Gras this year and I loved it. The room was gorgeous, although for the price, I would have liked to have been given a dbl bed room instead of a single. The hotel was clean and the service was excellent. Will stay there again.  
<Date>May 7, 2004
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful stay The room was immaculate. My friend and I got a room with two double beds and both agreed these beds were possibly the most comfortable we'd ever experienced. Nice touches like turn down service twice in the evening. The concierge patiently assisted us with choosing a restaurant for dinner. The hotel is so close to the action on Bourbon Street, that we could run up to our room for the bathroom - much quicker than the lines and definitely cleaner! We also enjoyed the piano bar in the hotel. On Sunday morning it was raining. The doorman escorted us across the street with an umbrella so we wouldn't get wet. All staff very nice and courteous. I highly recommend the Royal Sonesta. Check in a little slow because our room was not ready until 5 - this was busy Jazzfest weekend. We used the time to set up our dinner plans.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel My husband and I just returned from our second stay at the Royal Sonesta. This is a beautiful hotel and the beds are extremely comfortable. We had a room overlooking the courtyard which was very quiet. We found the staff to be friendly and helpful. Since this is the hotel we wanted to stay in, I did check rates regularly on Travelocity, Expedia, and the Sonesta Website. I finally received the best rate by calling the hotel directly. The location is perfect, if you would like to visit Bourbon Street in the evening. Also ACME Oyster House is 2 blocks away and has excellent food at a reasonable price. For a quick breakfast, there is a McDonalds located about 3 blocks away on Canal Street. We would definitely stay at the Royal Sonesta again.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IntrepidfromMontreal
<Content>Luxury room, unbeatable location in courtyard setting This was one of the most luxurious rooms that I've stayed in for a long time. To start with, an incredibly comfortable king mattress and down pillows, an immaculate, spacious bathroom, extra furniture. It's obvious that the room has been completely renovated and that it was redesigned for a guest's total comfort. The room is well-appointed and extremely well-lit. There is a larger-than-usual desk and 2 chairs for your workspace, as well as an armchair in the corner. The desk faces the window, not stuck against a back wall. There are 2 phones and one of them is a cordless for your convenience. The lights and lamps are well-placed, including the light switches. When I needed to reach out, there was the desired switch. Very well-thought-out lighting design. The bathroom is the crowning glory, with wall-to-wall marble counterspace, magnifying mirror, recessed spotlights in the bathtub area (you can finally see yourself), nice toiletries, toilet pressure like you wouldn't believe (vacuum suction like in an airplane washroom). If you get a room facing the courtyard, you'll get a quiet night. You don't hear the street noise at all despite being right on Bourbon St. Where the hotel needs improvement is at the front desk. Too slow to check-in and check-out. It also took 2 hours for them to connect my phone before I could use it (should have been co-ordinated with my check-in). Doormen are also lacking. In summary, the service is a bit lackadaisical but your material comfort is guaranteed.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ballst89
<Content>Gem amid the debauchery I stayed at the Royal Sonesta from March 11th to March 15th after winning a performance award from my company, and it was a wonderful experience. Every staff member, especially those at the front desk, was very helpful and friendly, the housekeeping was prompt and thourough, and the courtyard and pool were gorgeous. Ask for a room overlooking Bourbon Street if you like to people-watch, but only if you sleep soundly, as the party seems to go every night until the wee hours (Some from our group had trouble sleeping; I said, Come on..it's New Orleans, man! You can sleep when we get home). We had several banquet functions as well, and the food and service were impeccable. One minor complaint...the bar at the dinner banquets served below bottom-shelf booze, and a classy, five-star joint like this shouldn't even have that junk in their liquor cabinet...I had to go to the Mystik Den to get a quality cocktail. Overall, though, outstanding. Stay if you get the chance, and explore the French Quater and New Orleans beyond the area surrounding the hotel  
<Date>Mar 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great stay Unlike some negative reviews, staffs were helpful, our regular room was nice and clean (seemed recently updated). Like everyone say, can't beat the location. If you plan to sleep at night, make sure you ask for rooms facing courtyard. Well managed pool and courtyard area gives you a sense of being at a country inn while the hotel is right on Bourbon st. Overall, we had a great time at this hotel. I'd say better than expected.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Weekend Getaway I loved the Royal Sonesta. I spent this past weekend there to a play tourist in my home town and I was not disappointed. I checked in Friday afternoon and was greeted warmly by everyone from the doorman to the front desk clerk. The concierge Russell made some great recommendations for dinner, shopping and even a city tour. I'll definitely treat myself to another weekend soon!  
<Date>Jan 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CL
<Content>Still the best I periodically visit New Orleans and always try to stay at the Royal Sonesta. We visited just before Christmas in 2003 and were very happy once again with the location, the friendly staff, and the cleanliness of the rooms. Our daughter had gotten married a month before and when the young lady checking us in found out they were newlyweds, she up-graded their room to one with a balcony and a beautiful view of the pool and the courtyard. The Royal Sonesta is a fantastic place to stay while in New Orleans.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Didn't love this time Stayed at the Sonesta for New Year's Eve and Sugar Bowl, big mistake for us. Even though we had a suite with a semi-private courtyard, our friends could not enter the hotel with us that weekend. For the money we paid to stay there, we should've been able to let anyone we want in. some people might say our suite was great, I disagree fully. We have stayed at the Sonesta 4 times before, but this was truly the worst, although the location is fabulous. We will stay there again this coming September. I guess location beats out quality.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the royal has slipped I travel to New Orleans every year for business on an expense account. I used to love the Royal sonesta because of the location, the service and the accomidations. It is one of the older places in town and has a certain charm. I stayed there last fall and the room was clan but very worn and soiled, there was a dark brown path of dirty worn carpet from the living space to the bathroom. The staff acts like they are working in a five star hotel when they are really working in a rip off joint for the convention trade. I wont stay there again and you shoudn't either unless they drop the rates way down to reflect the drop in quality. The bar is still worth a visit for a nice quiet place where they build a great Sazerac.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Royal Sonesta all the way! My coworkers and I spent three nights at the Royal Sonesta. Since we were returning guests, we were treated to special amenities like fluffy cotton robes, and a welcome note from the General Maganer. How nice to be remembered! Begue's, the hotel restaurant is a wonderful combination of old world charm, elegance and down home southern hospitality. My only regret is that we had to leave so soon.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not what I expected Picked the Sonesta for it's proximity to Bourbon St. In this regard, it didn't disappoint. However, after traveling since 2:30 a.m. Iwould have liked to have gottne into our room before 5 p.m. (6 Eastern). No one seemed too anxious to accommodate us. It seemed the problem was w/ housekeeping getting the room ready. I could believe this as they missed one day of making up the room and were very loud every morning.Room was okay but I expected it to be a bit larger. We missed one of the local tours and were informed that staff had tried to reach us although we were waiting in lobby.I might stay there again but would also look for other accomodations if available near The Quarter.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ItsZep
<Content>Over-All Good, but........ My stay at the Royal Sonesta was over-all pretty nice......I would say about an 8 rating.The Royal Sonesta has a great location for the French Quarter and Bourbon Street in particular.The bathroom looked like it had a recent complete renovation......it was all new looking.....and for a hotel as old as the Sonesta this was a nice surprise.The room cleaning staff was friendly and professional and kept the room clean daily.The problems with my stay at the Sonesta are listed below:When orginally making the reservation I was a bit taken aback at how rude and non-friendly the phone reservationist was. She rudely stated they had no balcony rooms available for the date I was asking for....then I called back a couple hours later hoping to get someone else to take my call, and the second lady said sure we have balcony rooms available.The maid did forget to refill the toilet paper during my stay which in turn caused a call to the front desk at 2am.One night when I was pulling the covers back to go to bed I noticed a stain on my sheets that appeared to be dried blood......it was late so I didn't complain.We called for a bell-boy and asked for help when checking out.....The Bell Captain told me they would send someone right up. After 25 minutes of waiting we had to lug our heavy suitcases down ourselves.I would stay at The Sonesta again, because the problems tended to be just the small little things...over-all it is a pretty nice place to stay.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved the Royal I booked this hotel through travelocity and received a very reasonable rate. It was absloutely lovely, and the service was delightful. Centrally located, very busy exciting area. I look forward to coming here again.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ginamarie
<Content>Royal Sonesta I just returned yesterday from NO and stayed at the Royal Sonesta. I called a few days prior and managed to get a room for $165 a night. For that price it was Excellent. The location is the best if your interested in Bourbon St. activities. Be sure to ask for a courtyard room. They are very quiet. The housekeeping staff was very quiet - no problem. Maybe they were told to be quiet. The front desk staff were a little stuffy - no smiles - but everytime we walked by them I made sure to say HI and hounded them until they finally smiled. I would stay again if the price was right. Not a good location for children, but then again Bourbon street is made for adults and is no place for children.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware - very rude I made a reservation to stay at the Royal Sonesta Hotel in New Orleans checking in 9/20 for one night via Travelocity on the web. I realized I made an error and had booked the wrong city so I called Travelocity immediately to cancel. After waiting on line for some time I was told that the reservation could be cancelled at no charge. I assumed she spoke with the hotel. Subsequently, my credit card was charged by the hotel even after I was told I would not be charged for the reservation.First the hotel claimed Travelocity charged the card and I should , then they claimed they charged me but could not reverse the charge. The hotel was not even close to booked and the reservation was active for an hour. I travel a great deal and stay at this hotel when Im in New Orleans and this was a real disappointment. There is no reason other than greed to charge someone for this type of error. They knew their hotel was not booked and I made my best efforts to immediately call and rectify the situation.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Hotel but promises go unheeded Requiring an ADA Equipped room, reservations were made months in advance, talking directly with the hotel. I was assured by phone, by fax, upon check-in time that my room was ready and waiting, picked out personally by the Consierge.Check in time is 3:00 PM. We finally got to our room at 8:30, having to change rooms three times. Promises meant nothing to the guests.The housekeeping staff is short, not getting to some rooms until 7:00 PM. We went two days w/o housekeeping, getting our own fresh towels. Some of the bath towels had holes and barely ahead of tissue paper thickness.Would I return to the hotel? No, and neither would our guests from Boston who were with us.Bell captains stood talking around Conseiger's desk while the guests unloaded their baggage and passing the Consiger's desk, the bell captains were anxious to pull the luggage rack with one hand and the other hand held out for a tip.The restaurant was too expensive for the quality of the hotel; seldom saw anyone eating in either restaurant.Sorry if I disappoint you with my honest evaluation of the hotel. There are much better quality hotels in New Orleans. Next time, I will be staying in one of them.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time Great Service Great Location Spent my 48th birthday in New Orleans, and stayed at the Royal Sonesta, on a package deal through Expedia. Was greeted in a professional manner upon a late check in (came in from Los Angeles), and was pleased to find a bottle of champange, two pralines and a birthday card from the manager. The room was facing the courtyard as we had requested....we were able to walk right out to the pool area. It had been recently redone and though not the most luxurious room we have ever stayed in, it was clean, quite and comfortable. Had great service from Hans W. the manager, Mel the concierge, to Ruth the waitress in Begue's. Everyone made us feel special and at home. Ate at both hotel restaurants, Begue's very nice with excellent service and Desire, good food, good price. Was glad we did not have our children with us, since it was right on Bourbon, but for adults it was a good fun place to be. Overall great experience, loved NO and would love to go back and stay at the Royal Sonesta again.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2003
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Perfect Place       loved the courtyard  
<Date>Jul 24, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Adult Hotel First, not a place for kids. One step out the Hotel's front door and your on Bourden Street. About 5 blocks from Jackson Square, another 5 blocks from the Riverfront.The Hotel itself was perfect. Large rooms and huge bathrooms. I brought my family and asked for a quiet room and they had no problems locating the room for me.The Front desk was top of the line. Available when required and service was well above average.We would recommend this hotel for all adults.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>beach-hunting
<Content>Over Priced First time to Royal Sonesta. Not impressed with hotel considering name reputation and price. Stayed at many other hotels in quarter for far less with larger and better room conditions.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lackluster Hotel If all you're looking for is location in New Orleans then the Royal Sonesta Hotel may be for you. It is right on Bourbon Street admist all the bars/clubs. If you're looking for the amenities and small touches of an actual 4-star hotel, look elsewhere. It wasn't horrible but it wasn't great. Here's why: no turn-down service, the champagne that was promised with the room rate was never delivered, the bathroom ceiling looked like it had mold and dust from 20 years and there were definitely loud housekeepers in the morning. I was highly allergic to the moldy ceilings and after a shower I was sneezing up a storm. If the walls/doors weren't so thin the staff in the morning might not have bothered us as much but this was not the case. As it was, I could hear a pin drop in the next room. Although the rest of the room was generally clean I could tell from an obvious lipstick stain that the bedspread had not been cleaned between guests. Yuck. Those who got upgraded or had reserved a suite seem like they had better luck. (I wonder why?)  
<Date>Jul 11, 2003
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

