<Author>A_Lukman
<Content>Great Service, Best experience. I absolutely loved the service of the hotel. It is a new hotel, perhaps less than 1 year old since grand opening, a little over a year if counting soft opening. I hope they can keep the service at this level over the years.As soon as I got off the cab, they got my bags, and the receptionist sent me up to the room where a butler was waiting for me. As soon as got in the room, my bags, was there and the butler explained the room various switches and remotes.The room was a suite, and it was nice. The only thing I didn't like was the lack of ventilation. My friend smoked in the smoking room, and the smell of cigarette was still evident for a couple of days.I also had problems with the dvd player, which an engineering staff came and fixed it.But overall, it was a Beautiful room, clean and very comfortable.Again, nice room, great service. Keep it up.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	-1	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>TouristSanDiego
<Content>Dreamy Retreat Amazing hotel. My husband and I enjoyed five nights at this fantastic 5-star hotel. Staff show exceptional hospitality. The rooms are small, but comfortably arranged with entry way, sitting area, and beautiful decor. Technology surrounds you with 2 flat screen TV's, jazz playing on the CD player and electrical adapters. Drapes and lights are altered via a control panel. The bathroom has a deep tub and the shower has multiple heads and a mirror on one wall. A butler is standing by to bring a beverage of your choice day or night. Nightly turn down service included fresh fruit and chocolates. They surprised us with a custom cake and champagne for my birthday celebration. Use of the spa is included with the room cost. Shopping, restaurants, and the botanical garden are all within walking distance.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Singapore_traveler
<Content>Best 5* hotel in Singapore I鈥檝e stayed here for +/- 15 nights over a one month period (November) whilst moving house and I can鈥檛 say anything other than that I was not sure I was happy once I found a new place. What a fantastic hotel with superb staff and service. This is in my opinion the best you can get in Singapore at the moment. I have stayed at the Fullerton and Ritz Carlton before and had dinner/brunch at many more 5* hotels, but the St. Regis definitely beats them all!Rooms: beautifully furnished and complete with all of today鈥檚 luxuries/requirements. The flat screen TV comes complete with Bose sound system and off course there is a DVD player. The bed is truly wonderful (I have to find out where I can buy one myself) and the sheets and linen are of fantastic crisp quality. It was difficult for me to get out of bed every time! The bathroom is stunning with a free standing tub and built-in flat screen TV in the facing mirror and a marble shower with full length heated mirrors. Naturally there are plenty of towels and the likes and toiletries are of the highest quality (if you stay in a suite you even get a nice face wash 飦?.FB: I have only tried Les Saveurs and can鈥檛 comment on the other restaurants although I did notice the Mediterranean restaurant was mostly empty at night. At Les Saveurs the b-fast is just right. I am not a big fan of huge buffets where everything is always of mediocre quality and towards the end it looks like a bunch of starved soldiers paid it a visit. At St. Regis there is a decent buffet with high quality produce, such as nice fresh fruits and berries, good breads and pastries, some cold cuts and smoked salmon and off course orange juice etc. Other (hot) b-fast items, such as omelets/pancakes/full English etc., can be ordered 脿 la carte and are included in the price. For dinner the restaurant is ok, not special. I had one dinner that was great when there was a visiting chef but the other time is was just ok. Not really worth the price if you know what else is out there in Singapore. The wine list is really good and the sommelier is a very nice chap that knows his wines. Last but not least; Sunday brunch is a clear winner again. Every 5* property in SG tries to lure you with their all-inclusive Sunday champagne brunches but the St. Regis really does the job. It is a mix of buffet and 脿 la carte and they also walk around with 鈥渂ite size鈥?delicacies such as caviar, foi gras etc. The whole setup makes for a much more pleasant experience where you can really enjoy the company of your other diners as well.Service; what you would expect from a top 5* hotel. Everyone goes out of their way to make you feel at home. The butler service is nice and so is the complementary tea and coffee service.Others: Spa is beautiful (I did not try any treatments so can鈥檛 comment) and the steam bath/sauna is great to relax. Every evening there is a small complementary wine tasting which is enjoyable but nothing more. I found the wines quite ordinary and would have expected slightly better quality wines.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Dave_Ball2007
<Content>Excellent service at a cost Good location on a side road of Orchard Road, but not necessarily the best location as Orchard Road is like Oxford St in London, busy and full of tourists. The service was amazing, using your name when you check in, giving you a butler etc. Rooms are excellent, well appointed and a descent size, pure luxury. Concierge and all the staff very helpful, however I did find the cost of drinks a little on the steep side, as was breakfast. Pool a little disappointing, more of a large plunge pool.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>vgchao
<Content>Can't go wrong at the St Reeg       Room  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>abbache
<Content>Great hotel / great service! Stayed at the St. Regis for work. What a great place. It's rated 4 stars, but I'd say it's a 5 star. Great pool, great gym, great hotel room, superior service. Everything was super comfortable and I really loved having a tv built into the wall in the bathroom by the bathtub. I really loved this place...  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>nturner123
<Content>amazing, one of the best in the world perfect, one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in.upgraded to a massive suite, with everything you would ever need in terms of quality hi-tech toys in the room. tv's everywhere, bose sound systems, tv above the bath. mood lighting etc. wondeful place  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Atalay_MG
<Content>Excellent Service Excellent Hotel, brand new. Very friendly and helpful team. We had a very confortable stay with two kids.Room was very confortable, with a nice decoration and good use of technology with bose home teather systems, automatic curtains, dvd players and mp3 connections to home teather system.Modern gym also was equiped with good gym equipment.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>BENLEE123
<Content>Top Class Hotel : Luxury on Overdrive!       Living Room  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>JUELLE
<Content>Stylish Hospitality Our recent stays at St Regis was delightful, the Hotel is a calming retreat from busy Singapore. From the pleasant welcome on arrival from the Doorman, check in with efficient and charming staff and escort to a very well appointed suite.This Hotel is beautifully designed and decorated, without being flamboyant, our suite decorated with style and flair, the bed, linens and pillows luxurious. The bathroom - marble, mirrorsand glass - fabulous. A huge freestanding bath, TV, separate shower (almost vichy) to die for. Butler service - charming staff Restaurant beautifully appointed and fine dining with flairPool  Spa excellentMy husband and I were delighted with our St Regis stay and recomend it as your Singapore home away from home  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>east_bluff
<Content>Absolute Opulence Words cannot describe how thrilled my husband and I were for spending a day at this St Regis. We booked the hotel after reading on Trip Advisor that this is the newest hotel in Singapore. We got an Executive Deluxe Room on the 18th floor with a beautiful view of the city. All the beddings and fixtures are of top quality. The marble floor and walls carry beautiful veins. Remede bath products were used throughout. The Remede Spa completedly impressed us. The service was impeccable. The receptionist not only walked us to our room after checking in but also walked us to the taxi after checking out. Since we had only 1 night in Singapore and we could not get to Bee Chang Hiang for pork jerky before the store closed at 10 PM, the concierge actually sent someone out to get us 200 g to taste. When we came back from dinner, our delicious pork jerky was waiting on the table. It is rare that we feel so relaxed in a hotel room and look forward to returning to it, and we certainly felt that way with St Regis. We definitely will be returned customers for this hotel chain.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ozitravlr
<Content>Blissful comfort at the 鈥渙ther end鈥?of Orchard Road ..       Executive Deluxe Room  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>SunnyTravellerS81
<Content>Great Experience...but Stayed here twice - 2 nights each time. The experience was grood and we enjoyed the stay. Spa was great and so were the room toileteries. Reason why we went back. One minor problem was that we were charged for the pressing of a pair of trousers when this was supposed to be free. This charged appeared on our bill at check out and my husband paid for it...but it is simply a matter of principle that it we were wrongly charged for a service that is supposedly free.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>CarolPerth_Australia
<Content>Pure Bliss We stayed at the Shangri-la, Valley Wing for 10 years, 3-4 times a year. Since February we have stayed at the St. Regis. It is a beautiful hotel, with outstanding service, in a great position. Everyone, from the Doorman to the Manager, goes out of their way to be of service. They make you feel you are the most important people in the hotel. The rooms are amazing and I love the gym and pool. Now the restaurant is a brasserie, the menu and meals are excellent and reasonably priced. Hard to beat this hotel anywhere in the world.Carol, Perth, Australia  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JamesVki
<Content>Well what a disappointment       Bedroom  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	2	5	1	2	2	

<Author>Aussie_on_Holidays
<Content>Luxurious Stayed here for 4 nights and had a great time. The hotel has a ultra chic pool area, nice spa area that is able to be accessed by all hotel guests. Wine tasting in the evening puts a nice touch to the end of a day.Service was great. Staff treated you like a star, although sometimes the service can be pretentious, over the top and overwhelming. There were some problems with house keeping in terms of cleanliness of the room but this was resolved by the duty manager who upgraded us to a bigger suite.Breakfast service was slow but this was a given as the restaurant was too large an area to manage effectively. Also noticed that room service in the mornings were slow but quick at other times. Quality of butlers also varied at times.Would return to this hotel without hesitation as it is truly a beautiful property. Rooms are elegantly and beautifully decorated, butler service put a nice touch to our stay and the concierge was extremely efficient. Nice, high quality toiletries in the bathrooms from its in house spa, good tvs and comfortable beds made our stay pleasant.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Livingoutofasuitcase
<Content>6 stars, no less! One is spoilt when in Singapore for great hotels and indeed there are another half dozen 5star+ hotels coming soon. The St Regis is the first of the 'new breed' and it has left even my old favourite, The Fullerton in its shadow. All rest of the 5 stars are dated ..doesnt matter if its Ritz-Carlton, Fullerton , the gawdy Sangri-La or the very 'institutional' Sentosa....they have all been left behind by the arrival of St Regis. The staff and as such the service is what really sets this hotel apart from the competition. True first class service: no issue, no problem, no matter, tiny details! The rooms and suites are absolutely the best in Singapore - style, class  comfort! The bathrooms are luxurious - loads of stunning rather unusual marble and heated mirrors (so they dont mist up!). The Spa too is superb although management of the Spa is the truly only weak link at the hotel. The Spa staff offer the best hotel treatments in Singapore and they have no competition! None! The Chinese Restaurant must be one of Singapores best. The Italian is boring and feels like a bit of an after thought while the main dining room works well for breakfast and lunch but dinner is a bit 'Las Vegas' with coloured fountains that are simply too active and busy for a relaxing fine dining experience. Management of the hotel is top notch. The Concierge Team headed up by Ian Tan cannot be faulted - perfect every time! The decoration of the hotel in general is very good although there are a few over the top 'artistic touches' which hopefully in time will be toned down. I am happiest when in Singapore ....and happiest when in Singapore to be at The St Regis. Well done - you certainly have my business!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nowvoyager1
<Content>Smooth as silk The S$260 transfer by the hotel's purring new Bentley is a rather nice way to kick off an arrival in Singapore. Hotel staff swarm as the Flying Spur glides to a halt. Everyone has memorised your name and they constantly remind you of your name, a little forced and not quite the same as being acknowledged at the Carlyle.Rooms are very thoughtfully designed and decorated and provide every comfort. Could have done with a bed side clock as in the middle of the night negotiating the lighting panel is no mean feat. Still only once and melatonin covered off the other nights.Bathrooms are well equipped with excellent La Remede ungents in full size containers, the exfoliating shower gel is to be highly recommended. Lighting moods allow one to always look good even if reality may not be so kind.Wasn't sure about Les Saveurs, rather silly water feature outside reminding me of Liberace's Dancing Waters ie tasteless. Room is too big and hideous light features. However fine for breakfast, service fast and efficient. The poolside restaurant is very pleasant and largely ignored which is not warranted as it is nicely decked out with good food. The pool is as noted elsewhere a little short of sun given it is surrounded by rather undistinguished mid-rise towers and although well appointed, it is not somewhere to really linger. However, it is a good size and ideal for laps. The spa area is great with a fantastic steam room, sauna, large whirlpool and a relaxing outdoor onsen pool.Business centre staff very helpful in getting documents printed and bound.The building is not a beauty by any stretch and the lobby area could do with a little more thought and better spacing as too much is pushed to the sides making them feel crowded.Cannot believe that anyone would prefer the mustering pile of the Fullerton with its inward facing airport hotel style rooms, other rooms with windows above headhight and a pervading smell of damp to this well managed, designed and serviced property. Still some people enjoy caravan holidays but I don't.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>taal01
<Content>St.Regis sets new standard for Singapore 5 star Hotels. We stayed at the St. Regis for the first time and we found the experience fantastic. We have been coming to Singapore for over 25 years and this is the best new hotel in years. Normal stay would be in the Shang or the Ritz, but the Regis is a new standard. Great rooms, fantastic service and a pretty good location. Downside is the pool area which has no privacy. Upside is the style and the willing of the staff to really make your stay comfortable. We have found a new home in Singapore  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>AmondeYenne
<Content>The Best Hotel in Singapore.....? I stayed 5 nights in the St Regis and it delivered in every respect. Room size and quality of furnishings, both practical and electronic-brillliantly luxurious. Extremely pleasant and do-anything-to-help staff at every level and the room butler is a brilliant idea - all my clothes pressed on arrival, bags unpacked, perfect. Close to all the retail brands. The 5.30 wine tasting every evening is a perfect way to unwind and meet some of the other guests. Breakfasts are great, and the staff go out of their way to make you your idiosyncratic drinks - and then remember them the next day. Food in the Chinese restaurant is fab, especially the dim sum. I was also unwell on one day and the room with its day and night autoblinds, made even this an OK experience. I cannot speak too highly of the St Regis and can only say try it, you won't be disappointed. Spoil yourself with a trip in the Bentley on the way to the airport!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>faithwins1
<Content>WOW, what else can you say?       Bathroom Tub  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>James_Thomson
<Content>Hotel with Wow factor to the extreme! This hotel is amazing, the design is elegant and charming, and the service standards are definitely 6 stars.It is now my favourite hotel in SingaporeWalk into this hotel along the red carpet, and you enter a lobby area filled with staff all greeting you and wanting to help you It is located just a short stroll from Orchard Road shopsGreat restaurants with top service. I especially loved the Les Savieurs restaurant, the atmosphere and design is magnificent, and the French food was divineOverall, the thing that charmed me the most was the design of the hotel, the full professional service offered by staff, and the movie star celebrity status of staying in a St. Regis Hotel!  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Chiarariverside
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful at The St. Regis! As an SPG member, I am all too excited to have discovered a brand new option in Singapore under the Starwood group. Having experienced the highly acclaimed St. Regis in Beijing, I am amazed by how afforadable the rate in Singapre is, considering how new and luxurious the hotel is.When I checked in with my young daughter, we were taken by surprise by a big chocolate chip cookie, with icing of my daughter's name on it, sitting beautifully on a silver tray in the room. The little slippers and bathrobe were also lovely touches I did not expect from a luxury hotel that seems to be catering more to a business crowd. Instead of feeling like a hotel, The St. Regis Singapore feels more like a home. By our 3rd night, our butler from Japan already knows that my daughter needs her nightly cup of hot chocolate before bedtime and automatically brought her the drink without us asking for it. I call that personal touch!The Remede Spa in the hotel is probably the most luxurious spa in the city I have tried so far. I am a great fan of sea salt scrub but the black olive soap scrub at the Spa works more miraculously than any scrubs I have had in the past. I was even given the glove that they imported from the Mediterranean to bring home with me! The vitamin facial is equally relaxing with bonus parafin given to my feet. The decadent treatment ended on a high note with a glass of champagne presented to me by my therapist.I truly enjoyed my stay at the St. Regis and my daugher now wants me to bring her back to the St. Regis Singapore for her next holiday as she loves her personalized chocolate chip cookies and macaroons as well as all the friendly restuarant managers whom she has befriended.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>AnnaHongKong
<Content>Excellent Stay at St. Regis Singapore I spent a night in Singapore recently and absolutely loved The St. Regis Singapore. I had heard it was recently opened and thought I'd try it out having never stay at a St. Regis before. We booked the Bentley airport transfer which I can highly recommend if you want to treat yourself! The service was superb, our butler wonderful and for such a new hotel I was impressed by the training they'd received and how well they all worked together. We ate breakfast at Les Saveurs which was delicious and I can higly recommend the special St. Regis eggs benedict. The room was a very generous size and the showers with the multi jet function are to die for. Next time I renovate that's what I'll be buying. I'd highly recommend a stay when you're next in Singapore.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FemmeAvidTraveler
<Content>Disappointing service and needs work for a 6* claim to fame After hearing about 'the Best Address in the City', I was looking forward to experiencing St Regis Singapore during a recent business trip to Singapore. Maybe being a hotelier didn't help in observing that the many things were overlooked - from the point of checking into the room where I spotted hair in 4 places (on top of the toilet seat / in the face towel / in the drawer where the hair dryer was kept and in between the face towels), that just left me disgusted and scared to use the next towel on the vanity counter.The desk chair like most city hotels never works for sitting more than 5 minutes and if you're trying to work without getting a backache, call for one of the black ergonomic boardroom chairs they have in the meeting rooms. One of the management team had overheard my concern and sent one up immediately. Kudos for paying attention to the customer! Security services in the hotel was definitely questionable, one instance where I misplaced my key card (or thought I did when it was actually in the energy saving slot) and requested for another one from the reception, no questions was asked and I was given one immediately when I told them my name and room number (without asking for proof of identity!). Another occasion when a friend was visiting, the security officer standing by the lift didn't ask any questions on who he was visiting and simply allowed him access to my floor. This is worrying especially since I'm a single female traveller. Service at Yan Ting was attentive and not intrusive and food selection / quality / presentation was fantastic. Breakfast service at Les Saveur was unattentive, had to ask for butter twice which never came, no one offered any newspapers (I was dining alone) and even upon several requests, they never came! The plates weren't cleared each time I got up to get more food from the buffet table and it was hard to get anybody's attention. The icing on the cake had to be when I had my bag delivered at 7.15am in the morning (my wakeup call was at 7.30am!) and I was shocked to hear the doorbell ring that early in the morning to see the bellman standing there with my bag which could have been delivered anytime later or a nice touch would have been to find out if there was a wakeup call request and informed the operator about delivering the bag during the tea service at 7.45am. Overall, a very disappointing first visit and much room for future improvements. However, the Concierge team was very efficient in assisting me with all my requests and the ladies at the Drawing Room where I spent most afternoons during meetings were most attentive. Looking forward to seeing some changes soon before my next visit that's for sure..smiling and greeting the guests will definitely add more warmth to the cold interior of the hotel.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	5	2	2	2	5	

<Author>RusstySydney
<Content>Wow what an amazing Hotel My wife and I just spent four days and three nights at the St Regis Singapore on the way home from a two week trip to Japan.After being on the move for two weeks, we just wanted to a few days to chill out in the lap of luxuary before heading home and back to work. I am so please to say that St Regis more than forfilled our expectations.From the time the door man opened the door of our cab on arrival, to the day he again closed the door of our cab on departure, it seemed we wanted for nothing, the service was prompt, curtious and friendly. In addition to the care at the hotel we were given wonderful advice and assistance re the experience one can have in Singapore, sight seeing, shopping and enjoying the many cullanry delights this city offers.For us the highlinghts would be:1. Friendly attentive staff, it was wonderful to also see senior mangement, playing an active role in the the day to day operations. 2. The most amazing room, one wanted for nothing in these rooms, space, furnishings and the bath room was amazing. It was wonderful to be able to have such a haven to return to after a day out. The Bose Sound system was a wonderful addition to the usual Plasma TV. To be able to sit and read with ones chice of music playing was fanteastic.3. The Spa, we took the offer that the hotel guests have of free use of the spa and hydro therapy areas on a daily basis, The steam room, sauna and baths were just amazing. We also booked in for a facial (for my wife) and a massage and foot reflexology for myself, and we both have to say that they were the best we have experienced any where in the world.Thank you St Regis we had the most amazing time and would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>saitodaniel
<Content>Thinking of staying here, think twice... I am usually a fan of SPG hotels, I was excited to hear that the St. Regis opened their doors and I would be one of their first few guest. But to my disappointment, service really needs work. After reading other reviews, it seems others share my concern for this hotel. For the price point of $440 a night, you would expect to get better service. I don't know whether if they rushed everyone through training really quickly and skipped some key hospitality management course. But I REALLY recommend them to reconsider having the staff retake training. Here are some issues with their service: * Hotel Staff do not communicate well amongst each other. * Phone calls from hotel staff around midnight and or after midnight after you are asleep, only to apologize for calling you so late and that they got the wrong room - this happened to me twice over the span of two night. We will see what happens tonight. (I might disconnect the phone) * Room service less than par, they are SLOW. make sure if you want room service call one hour in advance to get make sure you get your order on time. * Communication is difficult with internal staff, after speaking CLEARLY in English, they still get your order in correct. I found a work around, WRITE what you want on paper and hand it to the BUTLER. But keep in mind, BUTLER to come to your room take time. * Over staffed with too many staff IDLE, they are good at greeting you, but they could really spend time servicing the guests.There are more issues that I can go on about the problems with this hotel. Honestly, I was very disappointed, I travel around the world and spend at least 100+ days in hotels. This by far is one of the worst hotels I spent time in. I am still checked into this hotel until the day after tomorrow. I hope they are reading this, because I wouldn't mind speaking my mind to the general manager about my concerns about this hotel. I usually ended up leaving the hotel in the morning frustrated and upset when leaving for my business meeting - NOT A COOL way to start off the day.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	5	5	5	2	1	2	

<Author>Nosfam
<Content>Loved the St Regis Our family of 4 (including 2 teenage boys) throughly enjoyed our 4 night stay at the St Regis. I was a little concerned after reading some bad reviews on Tripadvisor, but we were very pleasantly surprised. There are a lot of staff around, particularly in the lobby, but all proved very helpful, calling the lift for you before you got there and opening doors as you approach etc. Our butler service was excellent all round. Tea and coffee were always served quickly and unobtrusively. Room service was prompt and accurate, even getting small details right, like serving pancakes for the kids completely unadorned. (Something many other hotels we've stayed at have not been able to do). We throughly enjoyed the Decanter wine bar, our meal at Les Saveurs was superb and the service was very good. It was clear that some staff are inexperienced but we couldn't fault their service. LaBrezza was not as good and the service was noticeably worse. The rooms are lovely, bathrooms are great with a really good shower. The bed is the most comfortable hotel bed I've slept on for some time. Housekeeping was probably a weak link not making up our interconnecting room at the same time, but this only happened once. They rectified this as soon as I called them and I've certainly had the same level of service in many other 5 star hotels. Concierge service was very good, making car rental bookings and always getting back to me with any information I needed.Overall, we would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>norm5Seattle
<Content>lovely hotel trying hard Stayed at the St Regis twice on our way back and forth from India. This hotel is beautiful with excellent food in the restaurants. Did not have any of the problems of the most recent reviewers. Management is trying hard to get feedback from guests and we spent some time with management at the wine hour on both occasions expressing our views. We were instantly recognized by staff upon our return from India and we felt very welcome. Anticipate this hotel will eventually be regarded the best hotel in Singapore.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gaurav6
<Content>Outstanding experience at the St Regis Singapore I was a little nervous staying at the St. Regis Singapore after reading (on Tripadvisor) about the terrible time that people have had there. Fortunately, I loved my 2 days at the hotel:- breakfast was high quality and the staff was super attentive - little touches help- they jump and get you a little table on which you can put a newspaper!- rooms were good, great bose sound system where you can connect your laptop or an ipod.- excellent spa- the butler got tea for room service in a flash and piping hotonly crib was that the elevators are really slow!gm  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>JohnsonsO
<Content>go to the fullerton! the servic at this hotel is very poor. What can go wrong here generally does. Example - we called butler and waited fifteen minutes for a cup of decaf tea. brought chamomile by mistake. Butler went away and came back with normal tea, not decaf, went away again next time she got it right. butler left and we realized there was no milk. Do we laugh or cry??!! Funny when you want taxi, every other hotel has a light to put on so taxi drivers know ehn they needed. Here doormen run round waving their arms until a taxi driver notices them.Food is great but let down with bad service too. Oh and the drain smells in the toilet. Wife says next time go to fullerton.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	2	3	1	1	2	

<Author>1stclassluxurytravel
<Content>What a let down!!! I totally agree with the previous reviewer..Something is just not right here???We were really looking forward to the end journey of our European leg to unwind for 5 nights at the St Regis..But it was a continual process of errors and problems and a real let down.The Hotel itself is New and beautiful, and incredible chandeliersand decor throughout.. but for a wonderful stay this hotel needs to sort out its electrical problems.. we had lights that didnt work, the tv in the bathroom wouldnt change channels, the aircon would sporadically go on and off, they did have an engineer lookat the problem however it continued not to work effectively..The butler(s) were lovely but it would have been nice to have our own kettle to make a cup of tea or coffee as opposed to have to call everytime we wanted one.. It just felt uncomfortable to have to continually call them, and an intrusion into our privacy..There is 101 switches near the side tables that we just gave up on trying to turn lights on, lights off, back light, hall light, it was just over the top and frustrating to keep on trying to get it right..We found the bed rather a little to firm for our liking and were amazed that there was no options for pillows.. I like a large pillow but my husband doesnt and ended up with a very sore neck after 5 nights..The staff were gracious, however on 4 different occassions we asked questions to staff to be greeted with I am from china ??The staff themselves were lovely and tried very hard to be polite but had no understanding of any english, this was both in the Ya Ting restaurant when we asked for another bottle of wine and in our suite when they came for a turn down service and we asked what time tomorrows newspaper would be delivered.. Hmmm?The spa facilities were lovely but lacked a certain vibe, actually there was a complete lack of ambience throughout the entire hotel, one could attribute that to the current low occupancy, but not in this case, we have been to many newly opened hotels and there always seemed to be some energy and excitement, but not here..The food at Le saveurs was very reasonably priced and the breakfast was possibly there best service, food of a very high standard.. Also the staff here were excellent. Overall I would recommend certainly booking a table at one of the restaurants at the St regis, but check in somewhere else..The Ritz and Conrad are much more dated then this beautiful New hotel, but they consistently get it right..We have never left either of those hotels nor the Fullerton with such a lack lustre experience..  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>Songul
<Content>A bad experience This had to be my worst ever experience in a supposedly luxury hotel. The service is awful. From start to finish, it's just spoilt by silly little things. They changed the lock on my room for some reason and then they spent two days trying to get the room keys to work again. I spent one night in my room in the dark while the engineer tried to get my room lights to work. At least there was a torch in the drawer while I waited. Large parts of the bill were wrong, including the room rate and the clothes pressing on arrival that the butler said was free. There were so many other things, if I say one or two they probably all sound like petty little things that don't matter, put them together and I hated my stay. I really tried to enjoy it here but I just couldn't and I'm upset just writing this, sorry.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	4	1	1	2	

<Author>KensColumn
<Content>Another Kens Column Review Singapore has many fantastic hotels and the newly opened St Regis is one to add to your list. A beautiful hotel with outstanding service.The rooms are excellent and the pool although small is very nice. They have a great Spa and exercise room as well. The food although expensive is great and the breakfast buffet is outstanding. I highly recommend this hotel second possibly to the Fullerton.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Edges
<Content>Need to work out service problems My wife and I stayed for four days at the recently opened hotel during the Easter weekend. I was initially impressed with the welcome I received at the hotel, from the welcoming doormen, reception and the butler. I was looking forward to the level of service for which St. Regis is renowned for. Unfortunately, the service that I was getting was not as detailed as advertised. In fact, it was in the details that they failed to fulfill my expectation. I found my room temperature very hot when we were checking in, there were masking tapes marking spots that needed touch ups on the ceiling and the carpet was a bit dirty.When I complained, I was taken very seriously and I was given an upgrade. Unfortunately that was not the end of my problems. Again they failed to impress me with their low attention to details such as my room was not made up at 3 PM even after I pressed the 'make up room' button at 11 AM.The hotel is a nice change for me in the often mechanically efficient Singapore. I like the personal touch such as the hotel managers approaching guests and having small talks as they were having breakfast. I accept that the hotel is new, but they should work out their housekeeping management immediately before their reputation goes down.I can be a fussy guest, especially when I am paying top dollars at a property like this one. That is why I am rating my stay as okay.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	5	1	4	2	-1	

<Author>Elator
<Content>So much staff with nothing to do A beautiful hotel that really is richly decorated throughout. Problems exist and can become quite annoying though. There are so many members of staff permanently standing around with nothing to do except get in your way, chat amongst themselves and bother you - expect a knock on your door at random times when you'll be visited by a butler to just check if you're okay or some other feeble excuse, to check you've got enough soap. YES, NOW LEAVE ME ALONE!!!! Openings on the drains in the bathroom mean at times you can get a bit of a foul smell in the rooms.Constantly empty bars and restaurants mean that the whole place is devoid of any atmosphere whatsover.Could have been great but falls short on too many levels.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	2	1	4	

<Author>TokyoBoris
<Content>Opulent, but still working out kinks in service Stayed 10 nights at the St. Regis Singapore, about 6 weeks after the hotel opened for business. Arrived at 2am and was escorted to the room by 3 staff (!) - the manager, porter, and the butler. Room was large  beautiful, with flowers changed daily, fresh fruit delivered every evening, great views of the city, very comfortable bed  furniture. Bathroom is spacious and well equipped. Butler is at your beck  call 24 hours a day and brings press pot coffee (complimentary) any time you need it. Gym is well-equipped and not at all crowded.Restaurants were all good - the French and Chinese restaurants are elegant and the service deliberately slow-paced (figure on spending 2-3 hours for dinner). The Mediterranean restaurant by the pool offers a more casual environment and faster-paced service. While the hotel is a fantastic place to stay, it is still in startup mode with gaps in service noticeable from time to time. One example was a room service dinner - I placed our order and was told 30 to 35 minutes for delivery; the food did not show up for 90, and it was barely warm by that time. On top of that, the butler and the room service manager offered different explanations for the delay, adding to the feeling that things are not quite running like clockwork yet. With that said, I would recommend the St. Regis to travelers who are looking for high-end accommodations in Singapore. I expect the service issues to be resolved over time.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>DippytheDog
<Content>Loved St Regis Absolutely amazing the rooms were incredible the dining splendidand everything was fresh.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>銇俱倖銈娿倱
<Content>楂樼礆銉涖儐銉仹銇欍亱锛?#x201d;   showReview(22990164, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

