<Author>dani618
<Content>Cute Hotel, HORRIBLE city I went to New Orleans for business back in November, so my boyfriend flew down at the end of the week so we could spend the weekend touring around the city. I had been staying in the Hilton Riverside for a conference, but we decided to stay in the French Quarter to be closer to everything.The hotel is almost like a bed and breakfast, it was very cute and in a great location for $100/night! The staff is very outgoing and SO friendly. The room was old and we had barely any hot water. The furniture was beat up and the room was a little musty smelling. However, we were expecting worse so it wasn't TOO bad. But, the main building and courtyard area with the pool are nice looking. They offer breakfast which includes bagels, cereal and donuts. There's free wireless internet in the breakfast room also. There is a small convenience store across the street which was great for buying water, drinks, snacks, etc. The location was unbeatable for the price. We were 4 blocks from Bourbon St and walked all over the French Quarter with no problem.Definitely eat at NOLA, Emeril's restaurant. It was by far one of the best meal's I've had other than K. Paul's, which is fantastic as well. Both are pricey, but well worth it! Go to Bourbon St. and have a Hurrican at Pat O'Brien's, the only normal bar on the whole street!If you are not going to be spending alot of time in your room, stay elsewhere. But, if your looking for something that is within a small budget and close to action, stay at the St. Pierre. Again, the staff was very friendly and accomodating.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2009
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>GO_UTES
<Content>We Loved It! We found this place at 1:00 in the morning after leaving the worst hotel ever, the Holiday Inn downtown/superdome. The man at the front desk, named Whitney, was very helpful and very friendly! My wife and I just wanted a clean room at this point after a frustrating start to a new years vacation. What we got was well beyond our expectations! After hearing our nightmare of a story, Whitney showed us the room before we had to decide anything. The room he showed, and eventually rented us was a very clean and apparently newly remodeled room. It was a small room, but had plenty of warmth and character. The bathroom was new, with tile, marble and granite. We ended up having the vacation of a lifetime! We loved everything about the St.Pierre, from its location in the French Quarter, to the overall ambiance.Stay here and you will not be disappointed!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>liplipgabadoo
<Content>Gave Us the Creeps! We stayed here for a friend's wedding, thinking we'd like a unique place over the standard hotel chain. Boy, were we disappointed! The first room we had was infested with flies, huge monster flies. I didn't realize it at first but insisted we change rooms when I did (my husband stayed the first night by himself while I was with the bride and he didn't notice much of anything by the time he got home from the bars!) When we expressed a need to change rooms, the guy at the front desk offered to put us in a smaller room for the same price or put us in a larger room for more. Since our first room was very small (making the flies even more noticeable), we opted to pay more to move. In our opinion, we should never have had to pay more when we'd left the booked room because of all of the flies. Our next room had ratty carpet, an old mattress, and a horrifying-looking bathroom. Nothing appeared to have been updated or fixed in the past 30 years. I felt gross just sleeping there.The only plus is the location to the French Quarter but we had friends stay at the Marriot and Holiday Inn for the same price or less and only a few blocks farther away. I would never recommend anyone stay at the St. Pierre.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	2	2	

<Author>GalvestonShrinkwrap
<Content>Just the place for the right traveler First the pluses: Free parking, walking distance to the quarter yet away from the racket, friendly staff, small adult pool, coffee and donuts in the morning, free wifi, updated bathrooms. Drawbacks. Many rooms are very small. This is not a five star hotel; it is a conglomeration of historic buildings with rooms that reflect that personality. No phones in the rooms.For someone who is not put off by quaint, older facilities, the prices make this a good value and the location in my opinion is hard to beat. Two caveats: Request a larger room. We've stayed here several times, and some rooms do not have closet space. Do not take a room off the pool. Remember, this is the Big Easy. People come in late and drunk, then decide to smoke, drink and have inane drunken arguments poolside. Not exactly conducive to a good night's rest. Now if you like to get drunk then raise Cain around a public pool and without consideration for others, this might be just the room for you to book.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>pcolatodd11
<Content>Good but not great My wife and I just returned from a 2 day stay at Hotel St. Pierre, and would generally agree with the other reviews on this site -- small rooms befitting of the quarter, great courtyards, small but clean and pleasant pools, big plus to have free parking (had no problem getting a spot when arriving around 3:00, and we never touched the car until we left), meager continental breakfast, and great quiet location very near many of the restaurants and attractions we'd come to visit. With that said, we were disappointed to find that the air conditioning unit in our room (110) was held together with duct tape, vibrated loudly, and was coated with black mold on the inside (discovered after the duct tape finally gave up the ghost). We didn't find the mold until our second night, and so we can't comment on whether or how the management would have addressed our immediate concerns. However, when we checked out and mentioned the mold problem, all we got was a sorry with no indication that they'd be following up on the problem before the next guests arrived. Overall, we had a great time in New Orleans, but would encourage those looking for a room within the quarter to look closely at some of the other nearby hotels.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>vseravno
<Content>Quaint and quiet I chose this hotel because of its location in the French Quarter. It was easy to drop in and leave purchases during the day. The rooms each have a name of a Jazz great on the door, and because of the many cottages, I was afraid that we would forget where our room was! When we checked in, our first room had a leak in the ceiling that got the bed wet. We were promptly moved into another room. Now, the bathroom wasn't the poshest, grout needed cleaning and the water pressure was low, but it was clean overall. The bed's mattress was nice and firm, the a/c was super, and at night we couldn't hear any sounds, so we slept undisturbed.  The staff was extremely helpful giving us directions to restaurants, at trying to get us checked in for our flight, and waking us for our early morning departure. Despite the humidity, the whole hotel smelled fresh and pleasant. I would gladly stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>NYGirl32
<Content>Our favorite French Quarter getaway We love the location and enjoyed the renovated cottages. Our second stay at the Hotel St. Pierre. Besides the location the big plus is the pool and courtyard. Nice! We had a good size room and our friends had a smaller room. Request a couryard or balcony room if they have it. Internet access/wireless is only in lobby area. We both recommend this French Quarter gem!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>JAMAICA_CHICK
<Content>A nice change of pace from chain hotels We had viewed the hotel's web site and pretty much knew what to expect. We wanted a change from the large chain hotels. This hotel was quaint, charming and historic. We checked in July 3 and was there during the Essence Festival. The staff works hard to please you and the location was great for navigating the Quarter on foot. Ask Coral at the front desk to recommend anything you need, restaurants, tours, etc.Both of the pools are small but clean, inviting and set in nice court yard with greenery. Parking was tight, but free. Our room (101) had 2 queen beds, exposed brick and wood dating back to the beginning of time, but the bathroom was newly remodeled and had all the amenities one might need.The grocery store across the street primarily caters to the local residents in the area because the hotel is in a residential area. The grocery store had a small kitchen and sells shrimp, fish and chicken dinners, red beans and rice and other local fare. Not bad, not great but convenient when we were starving and didn't have a reservation or needed something to eat right away. Two blocks up was Bourbon Street, and on the corner of Bourbon and Dumaine was The Clover Grill, a very colorful place that served AWESOME breakfasts and burgers.If you are into plush luxurious hotels, this is not your place. But if you like getting in touch with the locals and what it feels like to live in the Quarter you will appreciate the charm and attraction of the St. Pierre.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>damonandtina
<Content>Wonderfully quirky in a strange city Recently returned from a 4-day stay in New Orleans, where my family spent several days working a Habitat for Humanity homebuilding project. The St Pierre seemed like an interesting hotel, based on their website. We found out it was interesting, historical, quirky, odd and lovable during our stay!Let's get a few of the bad things out of the way first:-TERRIBLE continental breakfast! Doughnuts, biscuits from a box, lukewarm orange juice, and no fruit, cereal, yogurt or hot foods! Only saving grace was some pretty decent coffee.-Very limited free parking that's a true adventure of parallel parking skills and dodging the mirrors of other cars a half-inch from yours. The free parking aspect is terrific, the obstacle course,...not so much.-Perhaps the tiniest swimming pool I've ever seen. I was afraid to jump in for fear of hitting my head on the OTHER SIDE! Until you see this pool, you'll think I'm exxagerating. When you see it, you'll know I'm not!With that said, we thoroughly enjoyed this little gem. Here are some of the reasons why:-Our room (155) was HUGE!! King bed, 2 sleeper sofas, mini-frig and microwave, and 2 tv's.-Never heard noise from another room or from outside the hotel, and we were there during a busy stretch leading up to July 4th.-Rooms feature high ceilings, exposed wooden beams and exposed brick walls. Lots of character and uniqueness that is befitting of a city like New Orleans.-2 blocks from Bourbon Street and about 5 blocks from Cafe Du Monde and the waterfront. I'm not a fan of Bourbon Street at all, as I think it shows a really dark and sad side of our society, but if that's your gig, you're practically next door.-Free internet in lobby and in all rooms!-Very friendly staff who enjoy giving restaurant recommendations, chatting you up and just being friendly representatives of their beloved city. On our last evening, the lady at the front desk referred us to K-Paul's restaurant, which wound up being one of the top five meals that my wife and I have ever had.-Hotel is an architectural blast from the past. Interesting twists and turns, lots of interconnected buildings with little courtyards and mini-gardens.-Prices were reasonable for the area @ around $150 per night on weeknights.If you want one of the pampering hotels like Hyatt's and Westin's, then this place will be a little too roughing it for you. But as much as I love those hotels, this one seemed to be just right for a city full of contradictions. New versus old. Recovering versus still devastated. Churches next door to voodoo shops and transvestite bars. Whatever you want to say about New Orleans, it a'int boring!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Shackry
<Content>CHARMING First time staying here and loved the location and our room! The hotel is a couple of blocks from Bourbon Street (walked to Bourbon every night and felt very safe walking to and from). Hotel is on a quiet street and perfect for a stroll to busy Bourbon Street- takes 5 minutes or less. The streets are narrow and the blocks are short. Going towards Bourbon Street, just a block or two is a small diner on the corner with a good breakfast (under $17 for 2 people) and they have good hamburgers too.  The most convenient part is the free parking. The lot is very small (just across the street), and it is first come, first serve. We were lucky to get a spot every night except one and we had to park several blocks away, but the walk wasn't bad and paid $3/day. Lot was fenced in with an all-night attendant. Parking is very expensive, stayed at another hotel the first night before changing over and the parking was $28/day! This hotel was worth the price in free parking.  Our room was small, but quaint. Nothing fancy, but enjoyed the change from all the common hotel rooms. It poured down raining one night and I enjoyed opening up the french doors to listen to the rain. Bathroom was large, had just been remodeled with tile, new cabinets, etc. Only thing to remember: NO HAIR DRYER. Make sure you bring one! All room doors are outside, but hotel perimeters are closed in and gated. At night have to go past front desk to go to your room when gate is locked. Everyone was very friendly definitely would stay there again. One restaurant you have to go to is Drago's Restaurant (check out their website on the internet for menu) in the Hilton Hotel New Orleans Riverside on 2 Poydras Street. I'm not a fan of Hotel restaurants, but it is unbelieveably fantastic! The restaurant is huge, and obviously a hometown favorite because it is packed with people every night. Just on the backside of Harrah's casino near Bourbon Street. You get large portions of food and the desserts are awesome-the brownie dessert feeds 4 people. I don't like oysters on the half shell, but these were the best I have ever had. They put them on an open grill with butter and garlic and cook them and serve them with fresh bread - never had anything better.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>RCC_LBC
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised The hotel was charming and (for the most part) the staff were very friendly and accomodating.We were there for 11 days and our maid knew us by name and was very conciderate about waiting for us to leave for the day before cleaning our room, to spite her busy schedule.The price (at the time) was very reasonable for such a great location and the room was nice. It was on the small side, the window Air Conditioning unit was ify at best and the bathroom was not in the best of shape, but it was clean.Having lived in New Orleans for several years, I knew what to expect. I can see how someone who was familiar with staying at generic homogonized chain hotels might be put off by the state of most of the older hotels and BB's in New Orleans. Even the nicer ones seem to be in a slight state of decay.But for those who can appreciate the charm of a historic and well worn building you won't be disapointed. If you are not THAT person...you might want to avoid New Orleans entirely.We looked into staying there again recently and were a little shocked by how much the rates had gone up.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	2	3	4	2	

<Author>TrustedTraveler
<Content>Unfortunate We had an unfortunate situation in which we had something stolen from our room. In addition, our room was in a noisy location. I would not recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TopazMonkey
<Content>Charmed This was our first visit to the Hotel St. Pierre and it will not be our last. At every turn we met with friendly and helpful staff and a sense of old world charm that was relaxing and welcoming.Upon arrival we were met by a friendly employee behind the desk though we were somewhat uncomfortable with the fact the 'secured' parking was a small narrow lot across the street with cameras surveying it. A small barrier is dragged into the middle of the entrance when the lot is full. They were honest and upfront enough with us to recommend we leave our car there if we didn't need to use it to get around the French Quarter because they could not recommend a parking space would be available once the lot filled up. All other hotels we checked that had parking areas charged at least $20. This cost nothing and we never needed our car.The hotel is in a residential section of the French Quarter. Most sites of interest are within an easy walk and there are several trolleys as well as numerous cabs that can get you around town with ease.Our room turned out to be a very comfortable and clean though the bathroom is in need of an update (no stopper in sink and flaking paint on tiles above the bathtub). Are we complaining? Absolutely not! The entire property is filled with charm and friendly staff. Take time to wander around and find out about this property. The house we stayed in was over 250 years old and in very good repair. As always, this is in the French Quarter and while the area is comfortable and relatively safe for the pedestrian, we do not recommend travelling off the grounds after the late, late hours of the night.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>NateJN
<Content>Wonderfully quiet spot in the French Quarter We stayed for 3 nights over the Memorial Day weekend and had a wonderful time. Hotel is right in the heart of the Quarter so you can walk to everthing, but far enough off the beaten track (read Bourbon St) that it was quiet and secluded.We stayed in the building across the street from the office, pool, etc. Our rooms (one upstairs, one down) were gathered around a beautiful courtyard of plants and fountain. The rooms themselves were up to date and nicely appointed. In fact while the outside of the hotel seemed a bit faded (as much of the Quarter does), we were happy to find the rooms to be so nice!Rooms come with a continental style breakfast which wasn't that good to be honest, but it hardly matters since one misses the whole point of New Orleans by eating at their hotel...All in all great rooms in a great location at a great price. We will stay at the St Pierre any time we want to stay in the Quarter!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>sjetton4587
<Content>Nice, Charming French Quarter hotel We had a lovely stay at the Hotel St. Pierre. Neat, clean rooms and friendly staff. From the fresh flowers in the lobby to the great location in the French Quarter...we will be back soon!  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>airplaneruby
<Content>Well.... This hotel does have some nice points - very good location within walking distance to everything, the staff couldn't be nicer, and the courtyards are really beautiful - very nice oasis from the bustle of the French Quarter. However, the hotel has definitely seen better days. When we checked in, we were given a room with a balcony, which we thought would be great...until we tried to open the door and it literally fell right off the hinges! The bathroom also had some issues, including a non-draining shower/bathtub, and white(?) window blinds that were so dirty they were nearly black. Maybe it was just a fluke that we got the one bad room - the hotel seemed otherwise clean, and other photos posted here show rooms that definitely look better than ours did. We probably would not choose to stay here again though based on our experience, but for the price and excellent location, you could probably do a lot worse.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	5	4	3	

<Author>TnSteve76
<Content>College kids only The good news is the hotel has a pool.....the bad news is the hotel management staff is so weak, the college kids are allowed to stumble home from Bourbon St and hang out by the pool until 1:30 am. The courtyard is small so most rooms are impacted by the noise. If you're looking for a decent nights sleep.....keep looking.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Giddygetty
<Content>Authentic New Orleans Experience at Hotel St. Pierre If you're looking for a generic high-rise hotel with a faceless staff and a dull but predictable experience that could occur in any city in the United States, Hotel St. Pierre is most definitely not for you! But if you want to indulge yourself in an authentic New Orleans/Old South experience in a small, quaint , French Quarter hotel complete with a cozy courtyard and unbelievably warm and generous staff, then quickly reserve your room here now!Our connecting suites located upstairs above the pool were huge and comfortable and each featured refrigerators, (grab the most unbelievable New Orleans Po-Boy sandwiches and a cold beer at a little neighborhood grocery across the street!) large living rooms, and comfortable, well-appointed beds. The exposed brick walls lended an air of Old World charm and we appreciated the easy proximity to the charming courtyard where several groups of guests frequently gathered in the evening and swam in the small size pool. Free continental breakfasts each morning featured a wide array of pastries and New Orlean's own Community-brand coffee--and free wireless internet. Everything in the Quarter is within easy walking distance (try the wonderful corner restaurant Eat just a block away) and soak in the architecture, lush gardens, and pace of this charming area.What made this experience immeasurably wonderful for us was the truly remarkable small team of hotel employees who genuinely cared about our comfort and entertainment. They seemed to truly enjoy providing outstanding service but rather than appearing scripted and programmed, these local New Orleans folks allowed us to get to know them and it began to feel like we were staying in their home. Ask Coral about how life feels to her now that she, only just now, has finally moved back in her home after hurricane Katrina. She is a pure delight who clearly, like so many others there, prevailed against all odds and seem to celebrate life daily. Or ask Gary, the seasoned hotel manager about the best music clubs in town and the best restaurants for any occasion or taste--I doubt he gets paid extra to be the concierge! Believe me when I tell you that these people, along with Anthony, Gary, and Thomas, all have opinions about their beloved city and all are unbelievably great resources on what to do and where to go. Our satisfaction was their passion and we greatly appreciated the great amount of time each of them spent with us. Sit down at the internet computer in the charming and cozy lobby and just strike up a conversation with these folks--you will now begin to experience all the things that probably compelled you to visit New Orleans in the first place. Enjoy this surprising gem.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Nancyjm
<Content>Great vallue, nice place It was my first time in N.O. and I l really enjoyed my stay at the St. Pierre. Nothing fancy, it's a place with old charm, though few amenities, yet it had everything I needed. Very clean room and nice staff. They set out a nice complimentary pastry tray and coffee in the morning. I enjoyed relaxing around the pool though I did not use the pool. I think they do everything they can to make you feel comfortable. My only complaint was the water pressure in the shower was low and the temperature luke warm. Otherwise, Burgundy Street is in a quiet area, out of the way, but not too far from Bourbon St. The only reason I may not stay there again is there are so many other choices, but for value, you can't beat it.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NYJeepGirl
<Content>European style with southern twist Recently stayed at the St Pierre with a friend for a four night stay. Had in the past stayed at the W, the Royal Sonesta, and the Sheraton, and I can say that for the price, the St. Pierre is a great place if you are a traveler and not a tourist. If you are looking for something with a little charm, history, and basically a place to sleep out of the way, than the St. Pierre is perfect. We had a room overlooking Burgundy St with a balcony accessed by the floor to ceiling window. Granted, the paint job in the room wasn't the greatest, and the window sill was weathered, but it was clean, the staff was more than friendly and helpful, and it was for the most part quiet. We did notice that the hallway noise was more noticeable than normal from inside the room, but it wasn't bad. They are doing construction, so if you are staying during M-F, then be prepared for the possibility of hammering on the roof around eight a.m. We rose around that time anyway, so it didn't bother us.All in all, we had no problems with the St. Pierre and would stay there again. If you are the type of person that needs every amenity under the sun, than head to the Holiday Inn. But if you want to experience a historical building and get a real feel for New Orleans, than the St. Pierre will do the trick.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>sjsdallas
<Content>Wonderful time at the Hotel St. Pierre Wonderful time at the Hotel St. Pierre in the French Quarter, New Orleans. Charming and neat. We loved sitting in the courtyards and being right in the French Quarter. The clean, well kept rooms, in historic buildings, were very nice. Great value, perfect location in the French Quarter. We will be back for Satchmo Fest this Summer! SJS in Dallas, TX  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>chromee
<Content>rip off We were told the hotel had secured parking. A video camera is not my idea of secured. I wasn't about to leave my brand new Screamin Eagle Road King in a gravel parking lot with no fence or gate during Mardi Gras. Went to Bourbon St. and stayed at the Biene Hotel. Covered indoor parking and an award winning staff and only $109 a night. St. Pierre charged us $214. St. Pierre managerGary Morganstern was no help.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Atlguy00
<Content>Nicely Renovated Room I stay at the St. Pierre frequently. I love the location of the hotel and the quality of the rooms improve with every visit. I've watched the hotel transform itself from merely an adequate, clean place to crash after a night on Bourbon St. to a stylish, charming and comfortable historic property. On my last visit, my room had just undergone a compete renovation, with new bedding, furniture, carpet, bathroom, complete paint job and new heat/ AC. My only complaint was that I was in the main building across from the breakfast room, and there was a bit of noise in the morning. I didn't complain to the desk, and I'm sure if I had they would have asked the other guests to keep it down. But, to be fair it was after 8AM. So, I just strolled across the hall and loaded up on coffee and pastries and I was all set.I've stayed in the large chain hotels and the historic hotels. I can tell you that no hotel is without some issue. The big hotels near Canal St. are noisy, the elevators are crowded, the walk back at night is scary and they lack charm. The St. Pierre on the other hand is in a quiet neighborhood and full of character. You must decide what is important to you, but for my money I'll take quiet, safe, comfortable historical ambiance.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>kilmistr
<Content>Do NOT stay here! My wife and I stayed at this hotel after the Andrew Jackson Hotel (sister hotel) could not accomodate our double bed room reservation. The Andrew Jackson Hotel staff told us that there were no double bed rooms available at the Hotel St. Pierre. After I called my credit card company, 2 double bed rooms were somehow available at Hotel St. Pierre. We were shown 2 rooms. But there was a problem. One room didn't have heat. The one with heat was an upgrade of $20.00 per night. For some reason, I was asked to pay $20 per night extra for heat, even though the web site states the rooms are heated. At this point I gave up. I was not up to walking around New Orleans New Years weekend trying to find a room. To be fair to the Hotel St. Pierre, I emailed the G.M. after we returned home, asking why we could not have a double bed room that we had reserved  why we were asked to pay $20 extra a night for a room that was heated. He replied that he was vaguely familiar with the situation and that he would get back with me. I never heard from him again. My credit card company contacted the hotel  the G.M. stated he would resolve the situation with me personally. When I told the credit card company he had not gotten back with me, they contacted him again. The G.M. told the credit card company that the hotel server crashed and he had no information about what happened during my stay. He offered me a 2 free night stay at the hotel. I declined. Why would I go back to this hotel? First my room wasnt available, then it was available, then after it was shown to us, it wasn't available. First Hotel St. Pierre had no double rooms available, then it had 2, but the one room with heat (in 40 degree weather) was an extra charge of $20 a night? It has taken me over 1 month to get this situation resolved  I still have no explanation of what happened.I love New Orleans, and I will go back again, but I will never stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	1	1	2	

<Author>GiggaMan
<Content>National Championship Party I stayed at this hotel with four of my friends so that made five of us in a room with two beds, that was kind of cramped. The rooms are not spacious, but it does say European Style so that is what you should expect. The staff was great, I got so drunk the first night we were there that I didn't remember getting back to the room and I didn't have a key either. I guess a staff member helped me back once I was in the lobby. So you can't beat that type of service. The sinks and showers were funny built, and kind of hard to use. The location was great, right in the French Quarter, don't be freaked by the area it is MONEY. This is a good spot for some serious get'n down.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>ZooVol
<Content>A friendly place to stay This small hotel on the historic register is within easy walking distance for all you want to see in the French Quarter. Our three rooms were on the low end, price-wise, and a bit smaller than some others we saw. But they were perfectly adequate.Everyone on the staff went above and beyond to help us with the usual tourist questions, suggesting restaurants and making reservations, and immediately getting us whatever we needed for our rooms. They pointed out the grocery store with a deli just down the street, which was nice for picking up beer and snacks for a respite on the patio outside our rooms.Arrive early enough, and you can get a parking space in the hotel lot, which is a real plus in NO.Our only complaints would be that the pillows were too high/big and sometimes the hot water was slow in arriving (typical of an older building).We would return here!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Crykyt
<Content>Charm and History My husband and I just got back from a wonderful 4-day mini, childless, second honeymoon in New Orleans. We spent two nights at the Hotel St. Pierre and had a lovely time. The rooms are very small and dark, but clean and charming. I sent away housekeeping, who came both mornings like clockwork, cheerful. The man at the front desk came running out of the hotel to assist us off of the airport shuttle and the entire staff was gracious and helpful. The hotel is staffed with security at night. The free continental breakfast is more than adequate. If you are looking for a chain hotel type of stay with all the amenities, this is not the place for you. If you are loking for a BB style stay at an inexpensive, conveniently located, quiet neighborhood in the French Quarter, I would highly reccommend!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelwIllinois
<Content>Great hotel  We went for the Rams Saints game and loved the hotel. It always helps when your team wins. We had a suite which had alot of room. There were 6 people in our room and it was not crowded at all. I would go back anytime. We love New Orleans.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>PresHolmes
<Content>We were robbed!!! We stayed at the St. Pierre as part of our honeymoon, and weren't impressed. However, the worst part occurred after we left and discovered that an inn keeper robbed my wife of all the money in her wallet. After calling management and attempting to get compensated, the manager was extremely RUDE and refused to offer any compensation or explanation whatsoever. We absolutely would not recommend this hotel to any future traveler. Also, in our opinion, it appeared they catered the an alternative/homosexual crowd, because there were a number of guest in our hotel, definitely not something we enjoyed on our honeymoon. BEWARE!!!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>foxy404
<Content>Great Hotel! My girlfriends and I stayed here for my 22nd birthday which happens to coincide with the first weekend of Mardi Gras! The staff was awesome, the rooms even better, and the overall feel was something to write home about. the only problem we encountered was our shower not working, but taking baths worked out fine for the 5 of us. I would definiely recommend this hotel to someone who is looking to be close to the action, but not in the middle of it.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jellybelly33
<Content>Rats, clogged toilets and rude staff I was disappointed in this hotel. I am a former resident of New Orleans and came here for a long weekend reunion with friends. I knew to expect both the charms and minor annoyances of an older french quarter inn, but was not expecting it to be this bad!We had a non-flushing toilet for the first day and a half. Then there were the RATS scurrying around the pool area (thankfully not in our room) and the rude front desk staff when we checked in. One of my friends was dealing with a TERMITE problem in his BED, another couple had no water pressure in their shower, and yet another had her reservation lost upon check-in. Oh, I almost forgot to mention the rusty nail tack sticking out of the carpet that caused a heel wound with minor bleeding... I think this hotel has a lot of potential if the front desk staff get their act together and more attention is paid to hygiene and renovations. But i will not be taking my chances again at this place!  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	1	1	2	

<Author>jessica1088
<Content>Best Hotel Yet!!!!! My family and I truly enjoyed our stay at the St.Pierre Hotel. We have visited New Orleans several times in the past and this was by far the best place we have ever stayed. Our newly renovated room was very clean (the beds were very comfortable) and the staff in the lobby were very helpful and informative when it came to my many questions! The location was perfect. The New Orleans flare the hotel gives is fabulous as well. We will definitely stay at the St. Pierre Hotel again. We are so glad to have found such a great hotel!!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>arsenaus
<Content>Really Cute The way you feel about this hotel will depend on what you are expecting. It isn't fancy, but it is really charming. The rooms are in little cottages that are all kept together to form the hotel. We had 2 suites that slept 6 each. The one upstairs had 2 bathrooms. Some of the problems that come with older buildings and possibly post-Katrina New Orleans were that once the fuses in both of our rooms blew from blow dryers. Also, the water pressure in the downstairs shower was pretty much non-existent. There didn't seem to be many set rules about the way this placed worked, but it was the same desk people the whole time we were there so we got to know them a little. Some days there is a continental breakfast, but there is always coffee. The website lists mini-fridges in the rooms but there aren't any. We felt totally safe - there was a locked gate that led to the cottages not on the street. If you want modern and structure out of a hotel - you probably wouldn't like this. If you're looking for a cute place to stay that is close to it all, this might be the place for you. I would stay there again the next time I go to New Orleans.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>CTTravelmom
<Content>Hotel St. Pierre was family-friendly I stayed in the Hotel St. Pierre with my husband and two young children and we all loved it! While I was a little nervous about staying in a French Quarter hotel with a 7 and 5 year old, this hotel made a great base for a city that is surprisingly child friendly.This charming hotel is on a quiet residential street just a few minutes walk from all the attractions of the French Quarter. It consists of several historic buildings centered around a lovely courtyard and pool. Our room, while not luxurious, was clean, quiet, spacious and comfortable and our bathroom was recently redone. The hotel offers a coffee room with fresh breakfast pastries, coffee, tea and juice available all day as well as a fridge and microwave which guests are welcome to use. This came in handy with my kids. The staff was friendly and accomodating. The hotel is a very good value and I would definitately go back to it when in NO.By the way, New Orleans is up and running. The town looks great, the people couldn't be nicer and the food and music are terrific! There are tons of things to do with kids. Consider New Orleans for your next family vacation, base yourself in Hotel St. Pierre. You'll have a great time!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BeenAround8
<Content>OK, but really 2star w/ some charm Know what you're booking!!! It is an older set of buildings, with some character/charm. It is really 2 stars (old bathrooms, crappy carpet, beds, furn.) but has some French qtr charm. It's only worth perhaps $59 low season, $99 (max) busy season. Location is great because it's walking dist to everything in Fr. qtr, and yet not on busy Bourbon street (however, street-side rooms are loud!)  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FlyPrinces8
<Content>Had a wonderful stay I met a few friends from college for a long weekend in NOLA. I found the hotel here on Tripadvisor, but I used the website to make my reservations because someone mentioned they had internet rates. We had a cute room with 2-double beds a little desk and 2-dressers. One of the walls of the room was exposed brick which added to the atmosphere of the French Quarter. The only complaint about the room was the water pressure was horrible in the shower (room 119). Not sure if it is that room, or because the buildings are old, but it was better to wash your hair from the tub faucet. The parking lot is very small and if you get in late there may not be any parking. The closest lot was a little sketchy, and cost $15 a night. But nothing happened to our cars while parked there, they were monitored 24-hours.Other than that everything was great. The city was thriving during the day, and burboune street was at night! The staff was very helpful in planning Haunted Tours and recommendations on cemeteries.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>gmailer
<Content>mouse alert I got a very good deal of $75 a night as a hot internet rate on the hotel's website. I knew I was paying for location, so I was fine with my room (#148). It seemed like it need a big renovation and paint job. Some of the furniture was screwed into the walls. There were also mosquitos in the hallways. They said they had wireless in the lobby and breakfast room, but it was not working and the front desk said an outside company provided it so they didn't know how to fix it. They do have a computer at a desk in the lobby you are free to use, so that was fine.BUT, on my second night, a mouse was scurrying around my room! (It rained that day!) The man at the front desk immediately apologized and moved me to another room. So I was pleased with the way they handled it. This room was a suite direclty above the lobby and recently renovated with much nicer bedspreads, beds, furniture, rugs, etc. (Maybe #156 but I am not sure). So the location is great because it is in the French Quarter but not on a very loud street. They also have a free parking lot - most other hotels charge up to $20/day for valet - though it may fill up.If you can get into the nicer buildings of the hotel as opposed to the older parts, I would recommend it. I would call and ask about the specific room.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	1	5	2	2	2	1	

<Author>JYardley
<Content>A place in my heart I have stayed at the St Pierre on every visit to New Orleans for nearly fifteen years now, whether on business or for pleasure, and I would not stay anywhere else. Picture a Tennessee Williams stage set with friendly management: the rooms are converted from slave quarters, around pretty courtyards. The hotel is a short walk from the crazy heart of Bourbon Street, but it's location is actually in the picturesque, residential heart of the French Quarter, which sadly most tourists never see. It's quiet. It's also quaint. Some of the floors slope a little. This won't be to the taste of people who enjoy anonymous convention hotels where you can order in room service while the doors slam all night, or ritzy 5-star places with waiters in penguin suits. The St Pierre is about atmosphere, informality, kindness. What it lacks in amenities (there's a breakfast room but no restaurant), it makes up for in magic. If you want plush, go elsewhere. If you want somewhere clean and comfortable that truly belongs in the Vieux Carre, this is the hotel for you.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Good, Considering the city is recovering from a HURRICANE We stayed at the Hotel St. Pierre for the last weekend of Jazz Fest. It was my first trip to New Orleans, and all things considered, I was pleased. They were unable to serve the breakfast because their breakfast room was destroyed by Hurricane Katrina. Also, they were lacking staff to clean rooms because many of the employees fled the storm and have not returned. However, there was notification of this in the lobby and also in our room. Despite this, our room was cleaned every day and we were provided fresh towels and they also attempted to have some breakfast, though it consisted only of coffee and packaged pastries. I would love to give this place another try once they have had more time to recover.  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Bother We stayed at the St Pierre for 4 nights last week. We did not receive maid service ANY of the mornings. I actually went to the front desk and asked for fresh towels one evening and was greeting with a very attitudinal desk cleark.The grounds are not maintained at all. Sweep the patios and walkways...it's not difficult. Both swimming pools had leaves and dirt in them and were never cleaned during our stay.The climate control in the room was horrible. Yes, you could get cooling...but the dampness made our clothing feel totally wet.There was no continental breakfast...and no explanation for not having it. We had no clue that there would be none...got up in the morning and went into the main lobby...nothing! No price break for not having breakfast either.When we checked out we were not even asked how our stay was. I really don't think they cared. In fact we got to listen to the front desk clerk talk about all the woes of what was being repaired in the hotel instead.If one of these things had occurred without all the others, I would cut the place a break. However...there are just too many WRONGS to make it right.If they don't care, you shouldn't either. Don't stay there!!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Centrally Located and a great staff I stayed here in March for 3 days and enjoyed my stay. The room was comfortable and the staff was very helpful and friendly. The hotel is still being fixed up after a bit of damage from Hurricane Katrina. This did not hinder my stay at all!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the St. Pierre! I recently visited New Orleans for a long weekend and found the St. Pierre to be the perfect place to stay. My room had been recently renovated and while it was small, it was immaculate and very comfortable (great king-size bed!). The bathroom had marble tile and a rainfall-style shower that was luxurious. The decor of the room was simply beautiful. Think Southern warmth and 21st century elegance. The room was also extremely sound proof. When I woke up one morning I saw that there was work being done on the neighboring building (I think there is a lot of updating and renovation going on at the hotel in general) and I hadn't heard a peep until I opened the door. My room overlooked the small pool by the breakfast room. The pool area was a very relaxing place to eat breakfast, take a dip to cool off, or just to rest your feet after walking all over the French Quarter. I like that the location of the St. Pierre was just a few blocks from the hullabaloo of the action, close enough to walk, but just removed enough to be more calm than crazy. I also felt extremely safe thanks to the hotel and security staff. Be sure to ask around about the history of the buildings--as with much of New Orleans, the stories are fascinating. I woudl definitely recommend the St. Pierre, especially if you can stay in one of the renovated rooms!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Place, But... This place is very New Orleans style. It is very clean and everyone was wonderful. But the problem was we where in what used to be old slave quarters that where converted to seven rooms. There was one a/c unit for all seven rooms. They controlled the temperature. And as you know it's HOT and HUMID in August in New Orleans. We asked them the first night we got there to please turn it down, they said they did but it was still unconfortable. And one more thing we where in a Non-Smoking room, well since we are all on the same a/c systems the people next door smoked like freight trains and where do you think the smoke smell went??  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do Not Stay Here!!! This was absolutely the worst hotel I have ever seen. There is nothing quaint or even tolerable about this place. This hotel is located in the worst area of the French Quarter. When we pulled up we were greated with beggars and homeless people sleeping all around the hotel on the sidewalk. We booked three nights and only because of sheer exhaustion did we stay the first night. This was the most run down filthy hotel I have ever seen. There is nothing charming about cobwebs, dead bugs, disgusting carpets and bedding, dirty stained walls, peeling paint and drawers in furniture that do not work. The windows of our room which opened onto a balcony facing Burgandy (which the hotel staff touted as really special) were nailed shut, which to me seems like a fire hazard. We had two rooms booked and the second room air conditioning was not working. The thermostat in this room read 87 degrees. When we asked for a different room with air conditioning that worked we were told that we would have to pay $30 more per night for the up-grade. There was no staff person to help with our bags that we wound up having to drag up two flights of narrow stairs (no elevator either). The hotel was supposed to provide parking but the only open spot they had on their lot belonged to the owner and they had to keep that spot open in the event the owner showed up at the hotel. We had to park our car in a public lot nine blocks away (and pay for parking) in what has to be the worst part of the French Quarter. The hotel provides a continental breakfast in the morning and the fruit was bad and the orange juice spoiled. The bathrooms were a nightmare full of mold and dirt and looked like they had not been cleaned in weeks. Do not be swayed by the cheap price of this hotel. You get what you pay for. We wound up moving to a bigger hotel in the French Quarter on the second day which was older than the Hotel St. Pierre and was beautiful. For $30 more per night we were able to sleep in a safe, lovely hotel in the Quarter only a few blocks away from the St. Pierre. There is no excuse for this dump. Do not stay here!!!!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>I wouldnt make my dog sleep here. I have read a few reviews about this place, some good and also some really bad. At the same time I felt reluctant to write anything but I know if I had have read those other reviews before I went to N'awlins I wouldnt have wasted my time staying in this hotel, so I guess I will say what I have to say and let others be the judge on wether they would stay here or not.I can say this. If you have a child with you, dont dare come here. I cant compare it to other hotels in the quarter but this one was far from suitable. Yes the room was dirty, filthy. Its the kinda room where I didnt want to touch anything but how can you stop children from touching the walls. They where filthy and I dont know what those browns stains where but im sure y'all got a fair idea. The bath and shower facilities were no better, I wouldnt dare shower without wearing footwear. Now a few years ago before I had a child this kinda place wouldnt have bothered me so much, but it was a struggle just to get my child a bottle of milk because I had no refrigerator in my room, so four times a day I'd have to go downstairs and get the key to unlock their downstairs fridge.Now I aint from louisianna , and I dont know if the peoples attitudes there were typical laid back New Orleans attitudes or if they just didnt care about being helpul. I found it hard to tell the difference. The people working at the recpetion were LESS then helpful to the point where it was ridiculous... Just one example of this is one night as I was sleeping there was a bug the size of my palm, and it kept flying into my face hitting me... So I called front desk in the middle of the night asking them to bring me some bug spray, I mean I couldnt sleep with this thing flying into my face every 2 minutes... Ya know what they said... Ohhhh Ahhhh Yeah Well, we do have some bug spray, but ummm ahh we cant bring it up to you, so come down and we will give it to you......... Yeah no problems moron Ill just leave my child alone in a room in the middle of the night to pick up bug spray that you should be bringing up to me...Their laid back dont care attitudes is nothing short of annoying and downright rude.. I guess its true, You really do get what you pay for.I wouldnt recommend this hotel, I also found the safety of that part of the french quarter questionable to say the least. The minute I walked out my door I was getting asked for money..Its really a shame. For going on ten years now I have wanted to go to New Orleans and I found it not even close to what I had imagined it to be. It really is a place for a good party, I wont deny that. If you have children though I'd tell you to steer clear of New Orleans, there is nothing for families and dont be walkin around the quarter at dark, especially not by yourself. If you do go to New Orleans youre better of staying in Royal St, sure it might be loud, its only a block away from Bourbon, but everything you need is there and Jackon Sq is relatively close. I loved my time in America, ill be coming back soon, but I wont ever go back to New Orleans, its nothing but a big trash can with nice balconies..  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>skylersgrandma
<Content>Excellant !!! We had the honor of staying at the Hotel St Pierre.. Loved the place. The rooms were on the small side, but it is a historical hotel. It was perfect, since we are never in the rooms.. the continental breakfast was everything we needed and more, with a friendly attendant keeping it well stocked. Front desk people were extremely friendly and very accommodating. All we had to do was ask! On our many trips in and out, we were greeted each time by the staff. What a way to make us feel welcome. With 10 adults coming and going at all hours of the day, they were great. Never once did we feel that we were to noisy, or in the way. In fact, I think they were entertained by us !! A computer in the lobby for us to use for free was an added bonus. Free parking was a big plus for us !! We had 4 rooms for a party of 10, and it was very interesting to see all the differant rooms... next time I am upgrading. Pools were small, but seating was very adequate. THe location of the St Pierre was perfect. Centrally located and within walking distance to all. A small grocery store on the corner was also an added plus for us... we will go back..  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fine if you lock all of your belongings up Actually, the hotel is nice and quaint. The location is wonderful and the rooms fairly clean. !!!However, if you have anything small, I would suggest bringing your own lockbox. An item, a bottle of Estee Lauder Beyond Paradise perfume, was stolen during the afternoon from my room by someone in the hotel staff. My guess would be the maid service who were scheduled to clean my room during the afternoon. The bottle was there in the morning and gone upon my return. I do know for a fact that someone from the hotel staff stole my property because my room was still locked when I returned in the evening. That means someone with the same room key that I have took the bottle.When I reported the problem, the general manager responded that the hotel was not responsible for the stolen item and refused to take any action. He first suggested that maybe one of my party stole it and then suggested that I was lying.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sharing our 'secret' French Quarter find... We visit New Orleans a great deal and this was our third stay at the Hotel St. Pierre. We liked it the first and second times but the hotel was especially wonderful this trip. A lot of construction work was going on the last visit and it has paid off. We had a lovely newly renovated room in a restored Creole cottage from the 1800's. Bath was quitw nice, room was clean, fresh and tidy. Service was very good; the staff clearly cares about the guests. We enjoyed breakfast by the pool each morning! Can't beat that...so we share our secret for value and charm while in New Orleans.Jim in N.J.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BKTravelChica
<Content>Pleasantly surprised!       The room  
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! We stayed at the St. Pierre completely by chance. We luckily picked it after arriving at the Maison St. Charles and refused to stay since the pools and sauna were drained and the room was definitely below standard. Our room at the St. Pierre was small, but very up to date and appeared to have been recently renovated. I didn't meet anyone on the staff that wasn't extremely curtious and friendly. The pools are fairly small, but clean. The continental breakfast was also an added bonus. I definitely recommend this hotel. I hope you have the same experience with it as we did.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lot's of Charm and French Quarter location Our small group had a very nice stay at the Hotel St. Pierre. The rooms varied in size, some where quite large others were a bit small. All rooms were clean and well kept. Some with new beautiful bathrooms others with ordinary ones. The breakfast was quite nice and the helpfulness of the staff a real plus+. The pools and courtyards are lovely for an afternoon rest and swim. We will be back before too long! LM in FLA  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>zinlover
<Content>not a cookie-cutter chain hotel, but has charm We moved to the St. Pierre at the end of an educational tour (staying at another Quarter hotel) because of cost savings, and had read Tripadvisor reviews ahead. They were so mixed (some loved it, some hated it), that I was sure there would be funky charm there. The staff is very pleasant and helpful. The new owner (of ~two years) is gradually performing long-neglected maintenance and repairs. So, if you get the standard room, it may need work -- suites, etc. might have been beautified. The smaller pool area has a lovely large gardenia bush.We had an upstairs standard room with a rear brick wall, and while it was quite dark, it was extremely restful (an obviously new mattress) for afternoon siesta time. The only irritant was an ancient AC unit working very hard to put out minimal cooling.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Hell The absolute worst experience I have ever had in my many years of traveling. This place was disgusting. I prepaid for 4 nights and left after the first because of the horrible conditions. You could probably do better staying at a homeless shelter. The room was filthy. Dead bugs were squished on the walls. Paint was peeling. The toilet ran constantly and the faucet dripped. There was no clock, no TV remote, no tub, just a dirty shower. The room was the size of a walk-in closet. The furnature was falling apart. The TV had to be at least 25 years old. The AC was not working properly. Management did nothing to try to rectify the situation. They would not refund my money. Avoid this hotel at all costs!!  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Extremely Charming, but needs some work... I just left Hotel St. Pierre after spending a week here as part of a Travel Tourism Class. What can I say? The hotel St. Pierre is full of charm and has a wonderfully New Orleans Feel to it.I liked this hotel a lot, regardless of the negatives my group encountered. 1) The place was dirty, not much to say here really, the carpet in my room turned my feet black, so I had to use towels as carpets to get dressed in the morning, other people in my group had issues with mystery stains on their bedsheets, and housekeeping didn't seem overly keen to fix the issue. Some folks were asked whether they wanted their room cleaned that day if they passed the housekeeper in the hallways, when they responded that they did, they felt that they got attitude. When the people requested clean sheets to replace mystery stained ones, they were told that the stains were normal wear and tear but the replacements were made for them. These problems could be fixed with just a bit of money spend on either a new cleaning staff (replaced with someone who cares maybe) or spend a few thousand bucks on getting the carpets shampooed more regularly...That said, it is new orleans folks... if you are looking for a clean and pristine place, this may not be the city for you to visit...2) Fixtures... they are a bit used... not surprising either really, their repairs are a little behind the times, and a bit more work into replacing/reparing damages would go a long way too. The toilet seat in my room was so old that the wood of the seat was showing (the paint had worn away in spots) The tilework in the bathroom was missing in places and my door to the hallway had at least a 4 inch gap between it and the floor... I didn't like the idea that someone laying on the floor could pretty much get a full view into the room. The air conditioner was placed in a window so you got to choose, AC with the neighbors watching you sleep/shower/change or to cover the AC with the curtains getting privacy but no cool air. Other folks complained of large bugs in their rooms and uneven floors and beat up room furniture.3) Location. The hotel is located at the far edge of the safe french quarter area. People told us several times to not go past the hotel when coming from bourbon street. It is about 2 blocks past the end of the touristy area of bourbon street, and is about 3 blocks over from it. That said the blocks are small so bourbon st is only about 10 minutes away with decatur about 15. It is technically within walking distance of harrah's but not really, its quite a hike.4) Rooms  Beds. I was very happy with the rooms I toured several of my classmates' rooms and they were all nice, and all completely different. The place has a lot of charm with 2 courtyards with small pools, and plenty of place to sit and enjoy a few drinks with some friends. My bed was also very comfortable5) Staff other than the issue listed above, the staff here was excellent, very helpful, very courteous, and knowledgable about the area. The night security guard was the best night security guard I've met at any hotel property. He toured the grounds regularly, helped us find a member of our group, and escorted some of the ladies in our group to the nearest store when it was getting late one night, he was also extremely friendly and good to chat with.Really getting right down to it this place could easily have gotten a 4 star rating from me, they just need to get it togther with their cleaning and fix some of the issues with the place... once they do that it will be probably the first place I reccommend to anyone who is looking for the real new orleans experience!  
<Date>May 14, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jamfan
<Content>Better than I thought, nice staff!!!!! I'll start off by saying the staff was excellent to us!!! Everyone of them, from everyone at the front desk to the bell guy to the maid staff. Very nice!!!! We stayed for 4 nights over the last weekend of Jazz fest. The first night we had a room on the street level, right on Burngundy. The room was nice, brick walls, lot's of character. However, in the morning it was soooo loud, we felt we were actually sleeping on the street! Later that afternoon, we asked to be switched to another room and they gave us the room above the breakfast room by the pool. It was way quieter, and huge, full refrigerator, sink, couch, big bedroom, no door?? Not dirty, a little shabby, but so what, we were just sleeping there. It didn't smell or anything. We had a lot of other people staying at the hotel as well, so pool side cocktails were a lot of fun. The location was great.You have to eat at the Clover!!! Funny place, and drink at Layfeats!!!So, take it for what it's worth, it would be beneficial for them to upgrade the carpet, ours had a huge iron burn on it!!! LOL...But again, the sevice was really good, next year, I'd stay there again. I just wouldn't want a room on the ground level by the breakfast area by the pool, too loud!  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel St. P'Scare       A picture's worth a 1000 words  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Return guest gives two thumbs up... My wife and I came back to the Hotel St. Pierre for a long weekend. Again, we found the hotel quite pleasant and charming. The hotel looks great with many improvements and upgrades. We had a nicely renovated room just off the courtyard. The staff was friendly. Given the location (in the French Quarter) and the excellent value, we give them two thumbs up. We feel it is our home away from home when in New Orleans. We will be back.Sam  
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Charm! Loved the charm and location of this bed and breakfast. We stayed in one of the newly remodeled rooms. According to hotel staff they are remodeling all rooms, but will take some time. The location is great! In the Quarter, but far away from the madness of Bourbon St. Will definately stay here again!!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quaint and located in the French Quarters Wasn't sure what to expect based on past reviews, but the hotel was pleasant. Located in the French Quarters, but away from the Bourbon St. and easy walk to Riverwalk and Canel St. Only problem was the room located in the building outside the lobby was old, but decent and the spacious room was either too hot (no A/C) or too cold (A/C on), carpets seem dirty, bathroom had no hooks or counter space to put anything on. Staff was okay, but could use improvement to make you feel like an important guest. They offer contintenal breakfast and the guy who works that was always pleasant. Great corner market across the street and they serve great sandwiches!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>French Quarter charm and central location... French Quarter charm and good location make the Hotel St. Pierre our home away from home in the French Quarter. Do not expect a chain hotel or a cookie cutter look. This is a unique, historic inn with the feel and hospitality of a small European hotel.We spent many mornings by the pool, in the courtyards, enjoying our breakfast. The room was fine, new carpet, period furniture, clean and tidy. The staff went out of there way to help us get reservations and point us to the best places to go. We will be back, save our room!Bo and Teddie, NYC  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rude, Rude Rude!!!!!!!! We booked this hotel on one of the famouse discount hotel sites. We got the room at a reasonable price. Not at a cheap price. It said run of house. On the advertisement. What should of been available when we checked in any rooms that were open with either a king, queen bed etc. I called this hotel, to comfirm our reservations 2 months before our trip. This was our celebration getting engaged trip. They told me that cause I got the room at a discount price they were not going to give us a queen or king size bed. We were only getting the cheap 2 single beds. NO upgrade!! We could not even buy an upgrade. My husband is 6'4 250 lbs. We cannot sleep in single beds. The manger was rude and said basically too bad the manager said to me even if they did have a queen or king available you would not get it. I said I would cancel and go some where else, the manger said go ahead. I did. We booked at The queen and cresent. They were wonderful. Everyone was so nice, we got the larger bed. The hotel is spotless. Its the cleanest hotel I have yet to see.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hospitality? I think not. I work at a BB in Atlanta, GA and I have to say that hospitality plays a major part in making your guests happy and willing to recommend your place. All I can say is that I would never come back to this place again. My friends and I went to New Orleans for a bachelorette party and heard that this place was an ok place to stay. I wouldn't even give the Hotel St. Pierre that much credit. First off-our room wasn't worth what we paid for it-the bathrooms were dirty looking, the carpet was smelly, the furnishings looked like they had been taken from someone's trash, the pillows were absolutely disgusting-like someone had vomited on them and they were just simply wiped off and put back in the closet. The staff was not helpful one bit. We asked housekeeping for a makeup of our room (changing of our sheets, vacuuming of the floor, clean towels, etc) and we left so that we wouldn't be in her way. We came back hours later and our room had not been vacuumed, she gave us clean sheets but left them folded on a chair for us to put them on ourselves, and no clean towels. We called the front desk and were told that we signed something saying that we didn't want housekeeping for the day. This was false. We were then told that housekeeping was gone for the day and that they were sorry. The room was cleaned by two incredibly bitter employees who acted like this incident was our fault. When we went to have breakfast one morning the cereal was completely out and we asked if we could have some and we were told that they had none left. We, however, saw three huge boxes of cereal sitting on top of their refrigerator. Our last night we asked for a place to eat dinner and were recommended a place down Bourbon St. and were told that we absolutely DID NOT need reservations. We made sure with the concierge that we didn't need them and they assured us that we did not. We arrived at the restaurant and there was a two hour wait. We also asked for a roll away bed on our last night there and were told that they only had them if there was a special occasion. We told them that we were given one on the first night we were there and they told us that they would see what they could do. They then called us back and told us that they didn't have any and that they would give us blankets to use as a bed for the floor. We were completely appauled at how the staff treated us during our stay. New Orleans is a great place and I will definitely come back to visit but will not be staying here. As a person who works in the hospitality business I am ashamed at how this business was run. Places like this give BB's and even hotels bad names. I would never recommend staying at this place unless you want to be treated like you are a piece of dirt.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>LillyVuttori
<Content>Great place - Wonderful French Quarter Location! This small historic hotel was wonderful. It's not a chain hotel, but it has the charm, friendly staff, and first rate location of a real winner. Located in a French Quarter neighborhood, we had breakfast by the pool and courtyard. The rooms are nice and comfortable. We booked our same room for the Armstrong Festival this summer and can't wait to go back. By the way, this is a great value...good rates, free breakfast and free parking came with our room. Lilly V., Fort Worth, TX  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good place to stay!!!! my friends and i stayed here for mardi gras. the hotel really served it's purpose. the staff was friendly. it was deffinately worth the money. it was perfect for a bunch of college students. we had one of the rooms across the street and we were the only ones staying over there so we had our own private courtyard. i loved it. i am staying there next year for sure. oh, and it was about a 3 minute walk to burbon with a stop at the store for cigarettes. i saw other places people were staying at around there, and i can say for sure that this was one of the better places. what can you expect for an historical building like that, it's not gonna be perfect. but i truly did like it. loved it. i almost forgot, i accidently broke one of their windows and they didn't even charge me for it. how awesome is that. one more little thing. if you are going to the quarter (one of the most historical places around) why stay at a chain hotel?  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely New Orleans atmosphere with French Quarter location We loved this place for its views and location in the French Quarter. Great value and good service were a real plus. Our room opened onto a nice courtyard with a swimming pool. We sat outside each morning and enjoyed the complementary breakfast which was good and fresh. The staff was alway helpful and friendly. Our room was very nice size with an updated bathroom but some rooms looked to be a bit smaller. Renovations underway in one building, did not bother us at all. We give our recommendation to travelers looking for a well located historic French Quarter hotel. Ellen  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, unique rooms and friendly staff... My wife and I had a great time at this small French Quarter hotel tucked way from the crowds. Our room was neat and clean with old time history and charm. If you are looking for a chain hotel experience, go to the Hilton. But if you want the French Quarter with 18th century cottages, give this hotel a try. We give the place two thumbs up for clean, interesting rooms and real local hospitality.Richard and LillyBurlington, Co  
<Date>Feb 26, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel St. Dirty Feet Don't spend your money here. You're gambling and the odds are not in your favor. My husband and I stayed at St. Pierre with a large group of friends so I had the opportunity to take a look at several rooms. To begin with, when my husband and I arrived we were shown to a room in the building across the street. It was filthy to say the least and slightly scary. There was visible dust on shelves, 18th century cobwebs hanging from chairs, and the toilet ... Suffice to say I would not be using it. My husband asked for another room and was shown several. (I guess I can insert here that the front desk staff were polite and understanding but that's the best thing I can say about this place.) It took much deliberation to decide which room we could settle for. We chose one in the main building that actually appeared clean and I felt much better about staying there. However, I soon learned the carpets were filthy as the bottom of my feet turned black just from walking around the room barefoot. Some of our friends had rooms that were slightly more well furnished and interesting than ours, but they also complained about the dirty carpet and at least one room had terrible water pressure.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>FANTASTIC! I stayed at the St. Pierre (along with two friends) last weekend. The reviews on this website made me cringe - I even heeded the advice of one that suggested I pack flip-flops for the shower. I was pleasantly surpirsed to find that our room had more than enough space for all three of us, and that our room was VERY CLEAN. Granted, this is not a five-star, international chain hotel, but then again, that's not what we were looking for. This is a VERY CLEAN and SPACIOUS bed and breakfast inn. If you're looking for room service and banquet halls, this is NOT the hotel for you. It served our purpose - we were two blocks off Burbon Street during Mardis Gras, we had a clean room and a sitting area besides the actual bed area to hang out in. The hotel staff (minus the rude maid who wouldn't clean the room unless we went out for a while - very suspicious) was OUTSTANDING - very accomodating and very helpful. tThey gave us all sorts of suggestions for dinner - areas to avoid/see/called cabs for us every night we were there and even arranged for an amazing tour of the city for us.If you're looking for a great place to stay while you're in N.O. and you don't want to be right in the middle of the action, this location is ideal, I would absolutely reccomend it to my friends/family and will definitely stay here again if/when I return to N.O.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wayneml
<Content>Please believe the bad reviews- We wish we had We had booked to stay at the Hotel St Pierre before looking at any of the reviews. After reading some of the bad reports we had a few misgivings, but decided to give it the benefit of the doubt. What a big mistake. The reception area was nice and the desk staff were initially helpful. Our room was in one of the buildings across the road from the main builidng. When we got to our room it looked as if someone had tried to kick the door in as part of the door had been plastered and there was a crack in the wood by the lock. We were very disappointed with the state of the room, the bath looked dirty and the sheets did not look clean. We complained at the front desk and asked for another room, but we were told the hotel was full.The next morning we had a word with reception again. Surprisingly they found a spare room that we could have a look at.We decided to change hotels as we thought it was disgraceful that the rooms are cleaned to different standards and that it's the luck of the draw if you get one of their nicer rooms. We would hope that the hotel would be of a consistant standard.At breakfast we even found that the plastic spoons in the breakfast room were dirty!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Hotel Ever Do not stay at this hotel! We recently booked 3 nights at this hotel and it was so bad that we ended up moving to a different hotel on night # 2. The first night, we were upgraded to a suite (due to overbooking problems) - the place was filthy and everything was run-down and not taken care of. We actuall had to ask for someone to clean the bathroom (it had obviously not been cleaned from the previous guest). On the second night, we were asked to leave the suite and move to our regularly reserved room. It had a smell that I - to this day - cannot describe, was even dirtier than the previous room, and the bathroom fixtures were barely hanging onto the walls. Because it was late, we decided to just go to sleep and make the best of it. When I pulled back the sheets, it was obvious that they were used! I won't go into the disgusting details. We left that minute for another hotel. To top it all off, we weren't given any sort of refund because the rooms had been pre-paid. So, we paid for 3 nights, and only used 1.If you stay here, make sure you bring slippers (for the dirty carpets), air freshener (for the smell), some disinfectant wipes (for the bathroom), and clean sheets. The only way I could imagine that anyone would like this hotel is if they were so drunk every night, that they only cared about the location (which is convenient to Bourbon Street).  
<Date>Dec 1, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nasty My wife and I moved here because of the horrible room we got at the sister property, the Andrew Jackson Hotel on Royal. Due to our dissatisfaction with the room at the AJ, they gave us a suite which was a small apartment adjacent to the parking lot across the street from the main hotel. To say this place is a dump is an understatement! Since the city was booked due to a convention, we were resigned to stay here, in spite of the general run-down condition of the property. The bathroom was the best of the rooms they showed us, complete with peeling paint and odd, lumpy floors. The room has potential, but it *really* needs work The furniture would be rejected by the Salvation Army resale store with sagging drawers and scratched tops. As soon as we got there, we started trying to find something better, and when my wife found spots of blood on the bedspread, that was it! We were lucky enough to find a room at the Pelham Hotel downtown a block off Canal. Don't waste your time with the St. Pierre. It's worth nowhere near what they're asking for it. It should be used as a homeless shelter.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect location and nice rooms in the French Quarter My husband and I spent a week in New Orleans for a 'second' honeymoon. We enjoyed our stay at the Hotel St. Pierre. The staff was very knowledgeable and friendly. Rooms were neat and clean. Pool and courtyards were relaxing (nice after a long day walking around the French Quarter). Don't expect a chain hotel with cookie cutter rooms, this is an historic inn. We give the hotel high marks.Liz and Lee H., Dallas, TX  
<Date>Oct 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>robsmeed
<Content>French Quarter charm and location are just fine for us! My wife and I had a nice room and pleasant time at Hotel St. Pierre in September '04. This is a historic National Register hotel so we did not expect the generic chain hotel experience. The courtyards and collection of buildings is charming, well kept. Staff was ready to help us. We give our stay two thumbs up! Liz and Rob  
<Date>Oct 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly staff, historic hotel and prime location We enjoyed a fun long weekend at this hotel. We found the staff to be very helpful and interested in making us feel at home. The hotel is located in the French Quarter, just steps from the local restuarants and shopping we love to do. It looks like a lot of improvements and work has been put into this hotel. Rooms were clean and tidy. We will be back, soon. Sam and Tallia in Texas  
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just Fine for the Price I stayed at the Hotel St. Pierre about 2 months ago, and I thought that my room was totally acceptable considering what I paid for it. I got the cheapest room they had for $59 a night. It was quite small (cut out of the sloping roof of the attic level), but the staff warned me of that before I made my reservation. The room and bathroom were both perfectly clean. The window unit AC did take a little while to cool the room off, but once it did the room was quite comfortable, even in the summer heat. I had no problems with the staff, and found them to be friendly. Be aware that there is no guaranteed parking. I found a space in the hotel's small free parking lot, but my boyfriend had to park a few blocks away. I am a former New Orleans resident, and I can attest that the location of the hotel is fine. It is within the French Quarter a block or two from Rampart. As long as you remain on the French Quarter side of Rampart and do not cross over into the Treme neighborhood (which is very dangerous!), it is pretty safe to walk at any time. I did not feel uncomfortable walking (with my boyfriend, however) to and from the hotel in the wee hours of the morning. Overall, I thought the price was great for a hotel in the quarter, and although I would have felt dissatisfied had I paid more for the room, at that rate I'd definitely return for another stay.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nawlin's Charm I recently got back from my stay at Hotel St. Pierre, 8/22/04. I had read the reviews after I booked the hotel and was absolutely horrified. I wanted to cancel my reservations but we decided to go ahead and stay there and see for ourselves. I have been to New Orleans before and love everything about it, so I really knew what to expect when they said New Orleans Charm. The location was GREAT!!!! It is not in a dangerous section of town. We walked everywhere. The staff was wonderful and helpful. The parking is limited but they made room for us. The room was large and our window was directly on the road, which I did not mind because I love looking out and watching people walk by. It is not the nicest and fanciest hotel in New Orleans, but if you want that you can find it. I wanted quaint and cozy with a New Orleans feel and that was what I got. It was definitely worth the money and I will stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a dump!!! What a DUMP!!! I have stayed in some not so good hotels in my time but never one so bad that I had to ask for clean sheets for my bed the day we checked in. On top of that, they didn't send someone to change them but just left some outside my door, knocked and ran off down the stairs before I even got a look at them. The ones they left weren't any better and had holes. Now, I understand that it's an old hotel and can endure rustic charm, but that's no excuse for filthy, worn out sheets with holes. On top of that our room was as small as and as dirty as an attic corner. We couldn't stand up on one side of our room because of the sloping ceiling. The whole room was only about 10x10. With a bed in there and the sloping ceiling there was only about a 2x3 foor area that we could stand in. The bathroom was so gross I brushed my teeth with my eyes closed and showered with shoes on. I will never stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cammie810
<Content>French Quarter fun We just got back from a stay at the St. Pierre. We had a large room with a king size bed. While the rooms were in need of updating everything was clean. Our friends had a smaller room with two doubles. Again clean but run down. The courtyards are great with two pools. The free continental breakfast is open 7-11am and has coffee, juice, cereal, donuts, biscuits, bagels, muffins, and fruit. Our room was right above the front door of the hotel and there was noise all night. Our friends in the courtyard heard nothing until the last night when there were people partying out there until 3am. The location two blocks from Bourbon is terrific. Plus you cant beat the price. I would definately recommend it if you are looking for something inexpensive and unique.   
<Date>May 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stormycat9
<Content>It's not THAT bad! This place is a fine deal for the money. I have stayed there twice and I will stay there again. The courtyards are cute, they have hot coffee in the breakfast room all day, they have some free parking, and it is within walking distance to everything in the French Quarter. The pool area's a great for hanging out and having a nice cold beer. I found the staff to be very nice. Our A/C worked just fine and are room was fairly clean. Okay, so it is a little junky. The mattresses are horrible! The wall outside the lobby has a plauqe stating that the structure is on the National Register of Historic Places....places should be change mattresses. If you are the type who needs all of the mod cons or if you spend the majority of your time on vacation sitting in your hotel room, this is not the place for you. Hell, this is the French Quarter! Stuff is supposed to be old and rickitty! Hotel St. Pierre actually looks like it belongsunlike some of the fancy places along the west edge!  
<Date>May 7, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed Our Stay My husband and I stayed in the St. Pierre for a second time this year and we were pleased once again.We found the staff to be friendly and courteous. Although, they could have been a little more helpful with a restaurant recommendation. No big deal though, we found some great ones on our own.We love the old world character of the place. This hotel is supposedly one of the oldest in the French Quarter. It is very cute and quaint. If you are expecting a pristine, modern hotel, this one is not for you!! The double rooms are very small with a definite European feel. I'm not sure what the larger rooms look like. We loved the courtyard area with the pool. It served as a great meeting spot for us and our travel mates.The rooms were clean although the carpet could definitely have used a shampoo. It was sticky in some spots. Not sure whether all the rooms are this way, but reading other reviews, it sounds like a trend. I am sure a lot of alcohol gets spilled on the carpet from drunk guests. Maybe tile would be easier to keep clean? Just a suggestion for St. Pierre mgmt.We will definitely stay here again, as we feel it is a great hotel for the price. We will bring thongs/flip-flops for walking around though :).  
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

