<Author>Schade64
<Content>Great Place Our flight arrived early in the morning and the Hotel helped us out, but holding our luggage, giving directions, treating us as their guest. The room was very nice, though a little crowded with the four of us in it. It was much nicer than we expected and we were made to feel as family.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>retiredandtraveling
<Content>Great Overall Hotel! We stayed 2 nights here before a cruise and everything went very well. The hotel is a short walk from Pl de Catalyuna where the Aerobus from the airport drops you off. Room was a little small, but clean, quiet and had everything we needed. Hotel is a 6 minute walk from La Rambla (take the interesting alley near the hotel). Best price was obtained by e-mail directly with hotel reservation desk - 97 Euros including breakfast.Breakfast buffet was very good - hot and cold items, as well as 3 choices of wine!!Lobby is lovely and Alicia at the front desk was very helpful and kind.Barcelona is a lovely city and well worth a visit by all.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>ann99bray
<Content>Great location, value for money We stayed at the Lleo for 2 nights pre-cruise earlier this month. We took a taxi to the hotel and were allowed to check in early which was really nice. The room was fine - we were at the front of the hotel overlooking the main street which I was concerned would be noisy at night but we slept like logs. It was midweek so it may be noisier on weekends. We were also happy with the breakfast in the morning. There is a large lounge on the main floor with a computer with free internet access which I didn't realize at first. I think the Lleo offered good value because Barcelona is so expensive and a lot of hotels do not include breakfast. It was so easy to walk to Las Ramblas and the Gothic Quarter from here and there is a subway stop right across from the hotel. Metro is easy to use. We also took the Hop on, Hop off bus which leaves from Placa Catalyuna nearby. One mistake I made was to ask the front desk to call a taxi to go to the ship. It would have been less expensive to flag one down from the hotel. I should know that by now!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>elizabethramsay
<Content>Great location....thats all! Lleo Hotel is certainly located in a great spot just close to La Ramblas however thats where the positives stop.Our room was very ordinary although clean. Our window opened into an air tunnel that seemed to have all the plumbing pipes running down it so all night you heard running water. You had to come into the room in complete darkness until you could feel around the walls to find where to put the entry card in the slot. Breakfast average. They did store our bags. Man on desk quite unhelpful, lady next morning more helpful.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	2	5	

<Author>DeeDee1710
<Content>unexpected extra guest! Hotel location couldn't have been better. Very central to Place de Catalunya. Twin room was small and basic but satisfactory for the needs of my friend and I on a 5 night city break (we were out all day, in briefly to shower  change before going out again in the evening). Whilst nothing could have been described as luxurious, bathroom had all necessary facilities. Room and bathroom appeared clean, with daily maid service. Breakfast buffet included self-service breakfasting requirements - cereal, toast, croissants, tea/coffee, orange juice, cold meat, cheese, bacon, sausage etc. On our last night we returned about 9.00pm to leave some shopping before going out again. As my friend opened the door she announced that something had run across the floor. On investigating, the something turned out to be a MOUSE!On reporting this immediately to reception, this was dealt with by the maid very efficiently. If it hadn't been for this incident, I would probably have visited this hotel again in the future for a short city break. However, as a result of our unexpected little guest, next time I will be trying another hotel!.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>JudeYuill
<Content>Recommend Booked hotel and flights with British Airways got a great deal. Hotel is only 5 mins walk from the top of the Ramblas - also therefore only 5 mins from Catalunya Square where you can get the metro or Bus Turistic. 2 routes available at this time of year - 26 Euros for a two day pass hop on hop off. We got into one of our two rooms prior to check in time and dumped all our luggage. The rooms were standard, clean, not very exciting - but we'd come to see Barcelona not the hotel room! We had front facing rooms which was lovely - noisey street but did not disturb sleep - noisey guests did (so take ear plugs!). Breakfast was in a very bright and cheery room - again typical breakfast, although did have English fry too! Temperature reached 76 degrees over the weekend and we LOVED the pool area at the top of the hotel. Pool is only a metre deep - but to just enjoy the blue skies, hot sun and cool water before we checked out (late check out 12noon). Hotel looked after our luggae until we returned to get a taxi. Taxi from airport including surcharges for luggage/passengers was less than 30 Euros. We just went out in the street to get a return taxi for similar amount. In general Taxis very cheap. Would recommend taxi hopping too, found these very cheap. Highlights, Sagradia Familiar (queue for the lift - if you have time!!), Port Vell, Palace and Sat night fountain display with music (8pm start I think). So much, great place.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>laurimart
<Content>Fabulous location in Barcelona! The location of the Hotel Lleo can not be beat! Just a few blocks off Las Ramblas, close to the Plaza Catalunya (where the fantastic tour buses stop). There are restaurants, shops, an ATM, everything you need within easy walking distance. The hotel is clean, the staff is friendly and speaks English. There is a breakfast buffet included, and that is nice. Food wasn't wonderful, but it did the trick.Our triple room was crowded with three twin beds, but that is to be expected in Europe. The rooms are small but adequate, and very clean. Walls are thin, so it is a bit noisy with hall noise and room noise. If you are sensitive to that, it might be a problem. The computer and free internet were a bonus. We had absolutely no complaints.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>TrainFriends
<Content>Great Hotel Just returned from this hotel. Excellent location, very clean. Friendly helpful staff. Great beds. 8 of us arrived early at 11.30am and we were given 3 of our 4 double rooms. Good safe deposit boxes in the rooms. Breakfast was superb. Would definitely go back.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>SuperJo
<Content>Great Location! My husband and I stayed here for 5 days in September for our Honeymoon. It is a fantastic location. When we first arrived we were a little disappointed with our room as it was quite basic and I knew that there were superior rooms and staff knew it was our honeymoon as it was on our check in material. The window opened onto a brick wall. We went to reception and asked if we could pay for an upgrade and we were offered a much nicer, larger room at the front of the building (not internal) with a balcony and electric beds (no jacuzzi bath though - these are available in some rooms) which was great.Can't say the gent on reception was very happy about it though! So although we got no 'Honeymoon' frills the breakfast was great, better than I was expecting, a large buffet, and restaurant staff were very nice. Pool terrace on roof is fantastic. Near Tourist Bus pick up to, so an ideal base. TV in room (CNN in English), BBC World in bar, good air con, safe, mini bar fridge, very clean, cleaned every day. Cleaning staff very polite. Only down point was reception again I'm afraid, lady checking us out simply turned her back on us when done, no thankyou or goodbye, was so abupt that we were not sure she had finished with us. I think it is the luck of the draw with reception. Apart from that, good hotel, fantastic location, great city. Would go back.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	1	3	3	

<Author>annabanana82
<Content>What a find!       Front of hotel  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kevin-Sue
<Content>Great hotel We booked the hotel because of its position so close to Las Ramblas and a central point to explore the city and head a great time there. We thoroughly recommend it.The hotel is very clean and inviting, the staff very friendly and helpful. The bedrooms are well decorated and pleasant. The beds are very comfortable and even have electric tilt.The table the buffet breakfast was spread on is a remarkable cantilever and to be see to be believed. The food was good and fresh if a little unimaginative.The free wi-fi allowed us to keep in touch with home.The only think that let it down was the noise from the main road outside. But hey, you book a hotel in the middle of the city and what do you expect 鈥?peace and quite? You鈥檙e not in the room much anyway.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>KMP_8
<Content>Great Experience at budget cost I recently stayed at hotel Lleo with a group of 8 girls on a hen weekend and we couldn't have asked for a better hotel - the rooms were all above expectations and we all came away saying that we would definitely stay there again.It is well situated for Las Ramblas and Port Vell and is only a 10 Euro taxi ride away from Port Olympus (where there was slightly more night life.) Reception ordered the cabs for us as well so the trip was very easy.The hotel is also in an excellent location for getting the tour buses which start only about a five minute walk away. I would recommend the red route for seeing the Nou camp and cathedral.Overall this hotel is one that I would recommend to anyone going to Barcelona on a modest budget.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>citybreak01
<Content>Couldn't fault the hotel lleo! We have just returned from a brilliant weekend in Barcelona staying at the Hotel LLEO, the hotel is in a perfect location, very close to the Ramblers and about a 30 minute stroll down to Port Vell, we had a quiet room at the back of the hotel which had the luxury of a double bed and the bath even had jacuzi jets!! Maid service came into our room everyday to clean, make the beds and change the towels, the hotel is extremely clean throughout. The breakfast was buffet style with everything you could possibly want on offer, needless to say we wouldn't hesitate to book this hotel again as we feel sure we will be returning to Barcelona in the future :0) A resturant we would highly recommend is called Hispano and it's alongside Port Vell, we had Catalunian paella there which is made with noodles instead of rice....absolutely delicious! :0) If you stay at this hotel we feel sure you would not be dissapointed.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ditton
<Content>An Ideal location I organised a three night break for 12 friends on the basis of it being cheap and cheerful. The Lleo was ideal in locality; near to the main shopping square - Plaza de Catalyuna and near the top of Las Ramblas. It is roughly a 30 minute walk to the harbour (strolling down Las Ramblas and its many attractions - hold on to your wallets/purses). The hotel is clean, friendly and spacious; the bedrooms are variable in respect of furnishings. Two colleagues requested changes and were quickly accommodated. Some of us had electric beds! most doubles are twins pushed together but overall colleagues were delighted. Though on the fourth flooor at the front we were not aware of street noise but I would advise not to have a room adjacent to the lifts. Breakfasts were delightful - hot and cold buffet with plenty of coffee. You could sit there until midday! - but who would do that with the various delights of such a remarkable city to explore. The Tourist bus(2 possible routes) is a must and starts but a short walk from the Lleo. Airport taxi cost 21Euros for 4 with cases (though one friend paid 29 on the return).  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Blaire
<Content>Excellent location We have just returned from a 4 night stay at Hotel Lleo 13 - 17 April 2008.We, myself husband and 9 year old daughter, booked this hotel direct via their website at a significant saving than going through a travel agent. We paid 160.00 Euros per night for bed and breakfast including taxes.The hotel is lovely - we had a large clean triple room with electric beds, air conditioning, piped music overlooking the street with a small balcony. With the balcony doors open it was noisy but to be expected for a city centre hotel - its surprising how much noise the doors cut out! The bathroom was fully functional if a little dated. Breakfast was excellent - definately something for everyone - buffet style which was constantly topped up - cooked food as well as contential meats and cheeses - we really enjoyed it.The location is excellent - just off Catalunya Square and La Ramblas - within easy walking distance of the beach and the hoards of restaurents and shops.The staff were efficient and polite - allowing us to leave our luggage before the room was ready and after departure.We booked the hotel, flights etc all seperately but, fortunately it all worked out well - take the Aeorbus from the airport to the Square at a cost of 4.05 Euros leaves every 10 mins or so and takes approx. 25 mins. We used the tourist bus which was excellent and covered all the major sights - you can 'hop on and off'. Public toilets are non-existant - a slight problem with children - but theres always McDonalds, Starbucks for these conveniences.All in all, we would definately stay here again - I just regret not staying longer - Barcelona is a fab city with fantastic buildings and lots to see and do - its great to have a beach to relax on.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Lynne50
<Content>Great Location Spent 4 nights in this hotel - great location just off Place Catalunya at the top of La Ramblas. Rooms clean,bathrooms a little dated but great shower in bath quite powerful and plenty of hot water at all times. Air conditioning didn't work but didn't need it, electric beds quite a novelty.Clean towels every day.Reception staff were a little abrupt but had no problems with them.Only booked room so didn't try restaurant had drink in bar first night found it expensive so didn't use it again. For breakfast had coffee in Starbucks just up the street.Small swimming pool on roof looked nice but not warm enough when we were there to try it.Would use this hotel again.Took other reviewers advice taking bus from airport 4.05 Euros go to last stop Place Catalunya - people very helpful when we were asking which way to hotel.Found Bus Turistic really good value bought 2 day pass did red and blue routes first day then used bus again to specific attractions on second day.Found lovely restaurant in square just off La Ramblas Les Quinz Nitz (Not very sure of spelling) Be prepared to queue but well worth the wait good food at very resonable prices. We got there about 9:30pm had to wait about 45 mins.Another restaurant in same square not very good at all - staff just interested in serving you and getting you out - dreadful steak mediocre paella.Not too sure of name but I think it is something Mundos.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Truutraveler
<Content>OK Hotel - Wouldnt return Stayed at this hotel for a long weekend at the end of March. If its location your looking for you cant go wrong with this hotel, only 40 mins by bus number 1 from barcelona ariport, straight to Plaze de catelunga, from there 5 min walk to hotel. Besdies that hotel looks nice initally but rooms are run down, air con is tempermental, either to hot or to cold as said by other reviewers. Bar is very expensive 拢9 a drink and shuts at 11. Breakfast also 25 euros for 2 people, but nothing to warrant that kind of money. Got to the hotel to be told no double rooms so would have to have twin even though paid for double. Changed next day but wasted time on short trip faffing about. Staff are mostly nice. Personally would pay a little extra for a better hotel.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	4	2	4	

<Author>gemzii89
<Content>Lovely Hotel Ive just got back from Barcelona with my boyfriend, after a 2 night break. I have to say our hotel was great value for money! As you walked into the hotel, it has a lovely, clean reception. The receptionists are nice and friendly and try really hard to speak English the best they can. We were given our room card, and made our way up, via the lifts which were nice and quick. As we entered the room, I was really shocked to find how nice the room was. It was really clean and tidy, and a great size. We had two single beds pushed together, but that didn't matter too much to us. We had a mini fridge, television, (however the only English programmes were Eurosport and CNN) but your not in Barcelona to watch telly anyway! Our balcony was nice, as our room was at the front of the hotel too. The bathroom was nice and clean too, with a power shower. The maids cleaned our rooms and gave us new towels everyday after midday. The breakfast buffet was nice for meeting our needs aswell, from chicken nuggets and chips to ham and cheese. So plenty of variety to choose from. The position of the hotel was nice too, only a 2 minute walk from the famous Las Ramblas where they had market stalls, with jewellery and plants. Even animal stalls, where you can buy animal cages, and animals! We took an 'aeroport' bus into the centre of Barcelona this only cost 3.95 euros per person. Which compares a lot to the taxi charges of around 30 euros. Whilst we were there we enjoyed the tourist sightseeing bus. On two separate trips, they can take you round the northern and southern side of the city. For just 23 euros per person. The buses run every 8-15 minutes from the top of the Las Ramblas and you can also hop on and off whenever you like. They are guided tours aswell, receiving some earphones. Shopping in Barcelona is great too. Plenty of shops in all different areas. Eating in Barcelona is relatively cheap. However on Sundays, most restaurants are closed. The only problem I found with Barcelona was generally most places I went, wasn't very wheel-chair friendly. Some places didn't have lifts, only elevators and stairs. However I would definitely go to Barcelona again, as I have found it to be a great city and I would recommend anyone to go!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Lou71
<Content>Good Hotel We have just returned from long weekend at Barcelona and stayed in the Lleo Hotel. Nice clean hotel with a great location. Would not have wanted to stay on La Rambla. We had 3 rooms on 1st floor. All 3 ranged in size the smallest looked out onto the street which was quite noisy at 5am. The other 2 were facing the back and had a patio door out into a very small square. No view but that did not bother us at all. The rooms were clean and the beds very comfortable. The breakfast was nothing special but all that was required for us. We would all definately recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Garyt00
<Content>Great Value At Lleo My wife and I stayed in the Lleo Hotel Barcelona for two nights - 8th and 9th January 2008. We decided to have a short break after the Christmas festivities and have some retail therapy in the excellent Barcelona sales. We found the Lleo to be very handy; right next to the Ramblas and Place de Catalunya. Near all the shops and restaurants. The reception staff were very helpful and when we asked for a smoking room allocated a twin with electric beds, jacuzzi bath and flat screen TV -room 516 (for all smokers who wish a bit of 3 star luxury). Although the hotel seemed not very busy (probably the time of year) the continental buffet breakfast was extensive, fresh kept well stocked and had everything you could have wished for. The public rooms are pleasant, modern bright and airy. The hotel was very clean. The amount of bleach used in the toilets could make you pass out from the fumes. A well kept 3 star hotel with pleasant staff in an excellent location at a fair price. I will return.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Milleens
<Content>Very Impressed by the Hotel Lleo My sister and I stayed in the Hotel Lleo in July and we were very impressed. The hotel is very centrally located, it's only 2 minutes away from the Placa de Catalunya from where you can jump on all the different Metro lines or alternatively at the other end of the street there is another smaller metro stop. It's really close to Las Ramblas and on a very well-lit street so there's no worries about walking around there at night. The room was bigger than I had expected so we were pleasantly surprised and the bathroom was lovely as well. We got fresh towels everyday. The air conditioning was a little bit cold for us but we were melting if we switched it off so one of us (ie. my sister) would have to get up a couple of times to switch it on and off. I would definitely return there (although maybe with warmer pyjamas) and I would definitely recommend it. The only fault that I can find is that the breakfast there is quite expensive and, for what we got, it wasn't worth it. Still, there are plenty of cafes waiting to be discovered so I wouldn't let a small thing like that turn me off!!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DavemScotland
<Content>Good hotel Stayed here for one night 7th November. Excellent location. Very good standard for 2 star hotel. Everything clean and tidy. If seeking a low-cost weekend away, I would go back here.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>SUNWORISHPER
<Content>Great Location Clean Hotel We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights, the location is brillant just turn right when you come out of the hotel and las ramblas is at the bottom of the street the metro station is also at the end of this street. The hotel is very clean and the reception staff are vey helpful. The only downside was the location of our room it was beside the lift which meant we didnt have a view when we opned the curtains and the window it opened onto a long shoot with a skylight there was no light at all from this. We didnt spend much time in our room so it didnt really annoy us but as we were paying the same as everyone else a bit of light would have been nice. Although the room was beside the lift the noise of it wasnt a problem there is so much to see in Barcelona that by the end of the day we were wrecked and slept soundly. The food in the hotel was ok we ate pizza and bolognese and it was average, breakfast has a good deal of variety and tasted good  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>NIrelandSara_l
<Content>Fantastic location! I stayed at this hotel from the 27th - 31st Oct. It is in a fantastic location, very close to the ramblas and also to Catalunya square, where the tourist and airport buses depart from. Although there are so many shops, eating places and things to do nearby, this hotel is also on a street that is quite quiet at night and that felt safer than the adjoining streets. All in all, the location is fantatstic!The reception area is really nice and the staff on reception were lovely and very helpful. The breakfast buffet looked great, but on closer inspection the food was often greasy, stale or just not very nice! Still, we always got enough to keep us going and they did have toast, coffee and cereals. One criticism of this hotel is the lack of a good bar facility. If you are tired after a long day sightseeing and want to just come back and relax in the hotel with a drink, it's quite difficult as the bar closes at 11. They actually start cleaning up, closing doors and even turning lights off at about 10.20, so this is not somewhere pleasant to linger! Also you buy your drinks in the bar at the breakfast room and take them to a lounge area that is a bit tired looking and has no atmosphere.With no tea or coffee making facilities in the room, this bar was a bit of a letdown.The rooms were very clean and were adequate for our needs. They are quite small, and one of the rooms we had was a very awkward shape due to its location in the hotel but given that this is the city centre, we didn't expect a huge room. We had booked two rooms at the same rate but they were very different despite being just a couple of rooms apart on the same floor. One room was much nicer than the other and had adjustable beds. The other room did, however, have a fancy power shower and jets in the bath (the other one just had a shower attachment on the taps). Overall, the bedrooms and facilities could do with being updated, but the location of this hotel would make me want to return again!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	4	4	

<Author>SteveInMinn
<Content>Perfect, and Perfectly Quiet My wife and I just returned from four days in Barcelona (and three days and Madrid), and can wholeheartedly recommend the Hotel Lleo.When booking on the hotel website, we asked for a nonsmoking inside (not facing the street) room, and we were accommodated. The room was extremely quiet -- quite a feat given how noisy the Ramblas area can be. The bed was comfy and the all-marble bathroom pretty big. Others have said how perfect the location is, and they are 100 percent right. You cannot beat this location.A couple other things: The Internet access in the lobby is free. There's a little swimming pool on the sun deck upstairs that we didn't use but that was a nice touch. We did not try the breakfast, so I can't comment on the food.All in all, an excellent stay. We'd book again.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>cgwnh
<Content>Great Location/Rooms need some updating/ Bring earplugs! Went to Barcelona for the weekend with my 20 year old daughter. We loved the location of Hotel Lleo --just a couple of easy walking blocks from Las Ramblas (lots of shopping) and Pla莽a de Catalunya (where you can pick up buses for tourist routes). If you really need some American food 'fix' then between the hotel and Cataluyna there is a Burger King, Mcdonalds, Starbucks, Subway and a Hard Rock Cafe. There is also an ATM right next door and a video arcade a few doors down (my 17 year old son would have loved it!) When you walk into the lobby of the hotel it is bright and looks new, so we were a little disappointed to find the rooms a bit tired and in need of updating. We had a room facing the street so it was definitely noisy until very late....I would suggest ear plugs if you want to get to sleep before 2 am (on a weekend night). We were also surprised that our room would not be cleaned until 3ish in the afternoon -- not a real problem, but a bit surprising. There is free internet access in the lounge area behind the elevators. We did not eat at the hotel.We took the Bus Turistic to get an overview of the city and found their ticketing / boarding process a bit disorganized. They had a bus parked in front of the Hard Rock Cafe where we waited in quite a long line only to find out this was simply to buy tickets (22 euro for 2 days). We then had to go down the street to pick up the bus (located in front of El Corte Ingles -- a HUGE department store and groceries too). Here we also waited in a very long line because most people want to sit on the top of the double decker bus so it takes quite some time for the line to move along. WE also found that you could buy tickets from this line as well (so our previous wait in front of Hard Rock cafe was a waste of time). ON our second day we got to El Corte Ingles about 9:15 and found many less people....so I would definitely suggest getting an early start to avoid the longer lines that pick up later in the morning.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	4	3	5	

<Author>GrangemouthBeamer
<Content>Great location Cracking location at top end of Las Ramblas, 2 minutes walk from the square. Hotel is very clean, staff friendly and plenty of food for buffet breakfast. Bedrooms a little small but we were lucky enough to have electic adjusting beds (brilliant), Decor in rooms was a little bit aged but room service did an excellant job. Only problem was the ridiculous amount of noise from a large group of American female students who showed no respect to other hotel users, coming in drunk and singing at all hours of the night (seemingly they found it amusing waking up other guests at two in the morning dancing in the corridors). Brilliant Italian restuarant 5 mins walk away called La Mafia (discount card at reception) great food, decor, music and not to heavy on the pocket. Watch out for new scam at nite, ' tourist' approaches you asking for directions and within seconds you have two plain clothes police (haha) surrounding you asking if you are buying drugs or exchanging counterfit money. Luckily my wife speaks a little Spanish and we soon sussed them out. Never show your passport or wallet as they grab it on scarper into the distance. All in all, an above average 3 * hotel, would definately go back.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Highlandboy
<Content>Great hotel, but take earplugs with you!!! My wife and I have just returned from a six night break here. Firstly, great location - a gentle five minute stroll to Las Ramblas. Lots of great places to eat - we particularly recommend the tapas place just round the corner (turn left at hotel exit!)!!. The hotel itself boasts free internet access, air-conditioned rooms, beds which are fully remotey adjustable (never had this before in any hotel room!!) The rooms are a bit pokey, but very clean and you're not going to spend a lot of time in your room anyway. It was great coming back for a little siesta in the afternoon having left your air con on since morning!!!!! The only downside is the noise - not so much the traffic, although our room was at the back, but other guests. The walls must be paper thin. You could just about hear a conversation through the wall without even trying! Take earplugs and problems are solved however. All staff were very helpful and our cleaning lady was always smiling. The Aerobus to/from the airport stops five minutes walk away - very handy also!! Another slight critisism would be that room televisions have no English language channels. We would return here however despite the noise problem  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>WithLoveFromEurope
<Content>A wonderful hotel with the best location and free internet. A wonderful hotel with the best location and free internet. If the rate fits your budget- just go for it! We spent wonderful 6 nights there and love it. Great plus is free internet access!!!!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>lansonlady
<Content>Not that good... The hotel has a good location but that is about it. Our family occupied two rooms. One was on the front of the building, room 412 and whilst we could live wirth the noise from the street we found the smell from the bathroom very bad. When we filled the bath and bidet with water the smell did subside.Our second room, room 414 had one window fitted with opaque glass. When we opened the window it looked into three other walls which formed a 6ft x 6ft quadrangle which extended from the ground floor to the top floor. The non smoking bar/lounge area in the hotel closed at 11pm and if you want to sit and have a drink and plan the next day you have to sit in a small 'smoking lounge' - ok if you are smokers but we aren't.The breakast looks good - but food which should be hot is not, the pastries are greasy and the biscuits stale.The rooms are in need of redecorating and a updating. There was inground dirt in most corners in the bedrooms and bathrooms and the whole of the hotel has the feel of 'needs attention'.The staff on reception were friendly and helpful. The staff on the bar less so.We were there for a short stay after completing a med cruise. We didn't let the standard of the hotel spoil our stay in Barcelona which is a truely fantastic city.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>WiltshireDebbie
<Content>fab location We stayed at this hotel from 2nd -6th August.We had a fantastic time!Our group consisted of 8 people -4 rooms.All of our rooms were clean and comfortable.3 rooms were on the road side and the double glazing cut out alot of the noise.Yes sometimes you could hear a siren but hey you are in the city!!We actually enjoyed sitting on the small balcony and watching the hussle and bustle!The pool on the roof terrace is small but it has jets and seats at the side which is relaxing after a day in the city.You can see alot from the roof terrace.The location of the hotel couldn't be any better. Just off La Ramba and catalonia square. Very safe to walk about at night just avoid the street cleaners at midnight washing down the paths!A gt tapas bar is celler de tapa.ask at reception for a voucher as you can get a free glass of wine.A must to do is the turistic bus - hop on hop off. two day pass is approx 22 euros.gt way to see the city.red and blue routes.We spent a day at the beach on the blue route.this can be caught just around the corner from the hotel.Reception at the hotel are really friendly and helpful.NOTE - all bars close at 11pm on sundays even the hotel bar.We did the barcelona footy stadium (on the red route) very poor but worth a visit - in your ticket price for the bus you get discount vouchers so remember to use them!Another must is the castle reached by cable car(on the blue route) approx 7 euros for cable car.fantastic views from there.we also did the art museum again fab views from outside.The olympic stadium is worth a visit too -free! you can walk to this from the art museum.*** Last point to make is beware of thiefs- one of our party had a bag pinched from beneath our noses in an ice cream palour on the last day so had his passport in -luckily easy jet let him board! take a photocopy of your passport as you never know.After checking out on your last day ask to put passports in hotel safe!! During your visit the safe in your room costs 10 euros deposit and 2.50 euros per day. ***Well i hope this is helpful.We all had a gt trip and would reccoment this hotel highly.by the way the police station is under the square!!!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>stevense91
<Content>Fantastic Hotel I stayed at this Hotel with my 17 year old daughter and would recommend it to anyone. It is spotless, has friendly staff, brilliant breakfasts, helpful receptionists, rooms cleaned every day and very central to all attractions. One big bonus is the swimming pool on the 6th floor (roof top) not only has it terrific views from the roof but the pool and sun bathing area is again spotless and very fresh. Two minutes walk from busy centre and shops. My daughter would also recommend it to friends her age and we would both return to this Hotel again and again, year after year.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lozzie1989
<Content>Fab! I have just returned from an 8 day stay at the Hotel Lleo with my boyfriend (we are aged 18 and 22). I thought that the hotel was great and the staff were friendly! It was so lovely and we were very upset to leave. Barcelona, especially Las Ramblas, is very hot so it was lovely to go back to an air conditioned room. We stayed on the 2nd floor, and although for the first couple of days we thought that the walls were quite thin, we soon got used to it. We stayed room only but did have the buffet breakfast one morning. This cost 10 euroes and was good, but maybe not 10 euro good. Breakfast included toast, cereal, fruit, bacon, eggs, pastries, etc. The pool is on the roof but unfortunately was closed for the first 5 days of our holiday, however this didn't really matter as we decided to see the sights these days instead. The pool is quite small but lovely, as is the deck but there are few sunbeds. There were some great restuarants on Las Ramblas, one that stood out to us (we went 3 times) was called Attic - we both would definitely recommend it here! We paid 拢512 for room only staying 8 nights, which we thought was pretty good value! (We booked on travelrepublic.co.uk). If we ever go to Barcelona again, I am sure we would definitely consider staying here!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>E.Clements
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed at Hotel Lleo for three nights. Having booked a single room for myself and a twin room for my son and his friend who were there for the football.,I got a double room with a small terrace and another surprise was that beds were adjustmatic which made comfort even better. Football match tickets were waiting at reception on our arrival.(They were booked on the net) Breakfast was not booked but I tried it anyway and was pleasantly surprised. Staff were friendly and I would certainly go back.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>towidge
<Content>hotel lleo excellent central location, very clean, comfortable hotel with helpful staff. Great breakfast.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>40_and_counting
<Content>Great Position, Very Clean Our room was not brilliant - next to the lift, which was not a problem in itself, but smaller because of this, and with a window that looked out onto a concrete wall! If your room number ends in '01', you will have one of these rooms! Decorated the same as all the others, though, and spotlessly clean. Bathroom big enough with all you needed and fresh towels everyday. Even a small fridge for you to use. Breakfast ok - plenty there - but only the British truly know how to cook bacon and sausage! Scrambled and boiled eggs, cereals, bread for toast, rolls, jam,butter,cold meats, cheese, wine!, juices, tea and coffee. Ate in the cafe when we got there - ok if you are too tired to go elsewhere. Staff friendly enough, chap on reception quite helpful when I got my purse stolen - take care - even if you are sure you are being careful, as I was, they still get you.Do use the Bus Touristic - fab value and take you everywhere you need.Also ate at the Hard Rock Cafe - brilliant all round. Good value, good service, great food, and great place.Had a good time, despite my purse being stolen, which could have ruined it, as it was my birthday money!Great position for hotel, as just off Las Ramblas which is absolutley packed all the time, so being just round the corner is ideal. Also with Cataluyna Sqaure being at the end of the road this is useful as all the bus routes stop here, including the Bus Touristic.If you do choose this hotel, you should not be disappointed - not luxurious, but very clean, food ok, staff pleasant, and free internet access from 7am to 11pm.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Babinos
<Content>Great Location Very clean I went for 4 days in Barcelona staying at the Hotel Lleo with my girlfriend. We鈥檝e booked it from their web site as it had the same or cheapest rates from any other booking website. Was the best location for sightseeing, is located less than 200m away from Plaza Catalunya top of La Rambla. The room we had, was very clean and good size and the staff was very friendly. We didn鈥檛 have breakfast or any meals there as there are plenty of places around. We have a very pleasant stay. A definite value for money hotel  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jazzybabe34
<Content>Fab Hotel, for the 2nd year!       Plaza Catalunya  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>LisaKent
<Content>Great value for money, very helpful reception staff Group of 10 ladies for a fun weekend. Hotel was in a great location, all rooms were great, basic, clean and a nice size too. Staff, especially the evening staff were very helpfull. The breakfast was great too, lots of choice and plenty of it. Bus tours excellent, tip would be to book both the red and blue tour for the Sat / Sun save over 15 euros, take your hats and gloves though if going on the top! Recommend the La Fonda restaurant down at the harbour, great food, great service and great price. We had a fab time and would return to Barcleona and this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Richjules
<Content>December sunshine Stayed for 5 nights at the Hotel Lleo taking in the New Year celebrations. Great location, very clean with friendly helpful staff.Although we had an internal room with no windows it proved to be quieter than others facing the street. Barcelona was very busy at this time of year, but you can find quieter spots by moving away from the Ramblas. A must see sight is the inside of the Sagrada Familia, especially with sun coming through the stained glass windows. Beautiful!!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>MoragGlasgow
<Content>Disappointed My husband and I spent 4 long nights here in November. On checking into our room we were shocked to discover what we thought was a curtained window was in fact a small window overlooking a lift shaft, scary to say the least. We enquired if we could change our room but were told by a beligerent receptionist that the hotel was full. On returning to our room we could not help noticing that there was a very bad smell coming from the drain in the toilet. At this point we had not even unpacked. Again we pleaded with the receptionist to please offer us another room. He then called the plumber who in turn informed us the room was uninhabitable. Within half an hour we were given another room which this time had 1 curtain over a small window overlooking an air shaft. The room was very stuffy and quite shabby. After spending 1 night in the hotel Lleo we decided to check out although we had paid for 4 nights. On hearing this we were given another room this time facing the front. We observed that out of 80 rooms the hotel has only12 facing the front. We will certainly return to Barcelona which is a wonderful city but take our advice avoid Hotel Lleo.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	3	1	1	2	

<Author>GravyMK
<Content>Okay but :- Excellant location with attractive public rooms unfortunately the bedrooms in need of refurbishment. As a single traveller I was given an internal room (cell) which at least encouraged me stay out.Buffet breakfast simple but reasonably good choice and quality. Snacks available till late. Overall a reasonable hotel for the price only let down by corridor noise. Not for the light sleeper!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>scou
<Content>Ideal Location for a great weekend Just returned from 5 great days in Barcelona staying at the Hotel Lleo. Ideally situated at the top of the Rambla for getting around and siteseeing. We had a room at the front and it was clean and well serviced. Our friends had a room at rear which was noisy but they were moved next day to the front. Staff very friendly and helpfull. Breakfast bar was well stocked with good choice of cereals, fruits,continental cheeses, cold meats,boiled, scrambled or fried eggs,bacon, sausages etc. and good choice of tea, coffee  juices. Looking forward to return visit.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>LeePee24
<Content>Not my cup of tea Arrived at Hotel Lleo and was told they didn't have my booking however they were very nice about it but I ended up having to stay at another hotel a 5 minute walk away for the first night as they were fully booked. I stayed at the Gran Rhondra which was superb! Anyway came back to Hotel Lleo the next day and have to say when we reached our room we were very disappointed, in fact we wish we'd stayed at the hotel from the previous night as it was far more superior. Hotel Lleo was very chintzy in style in the rooms and needed sprucing up in my opinion. They had no iron whatsoever, not even at reception. I prefer a more clean contemporary style so this was not for me. Also the guy on the reception could learn to smile a bit more too! Having said all this the hotel does have a great location.Although the hotel wasn't great Barcelona was! We loved it and will actually go back which I don't often like to do as I prefer to go somewhere new.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>happyholidays.scot
<Content>great place to visit we stayed at the hotel on the last weekend of September. the weather was warm and sunny. the hotel facilities were of a good standard for a city hotel. Our room was to the front of the hotel and yes it can be a bit noisy but the views from the balcony are lovely. the breakfast is buffet style and plentiful.it is in one of the best locations to sightsee, very close to las rambles and to get access to the placa catalunya where the tourist buses are. I would recommend using the airport bus service which arrives and leaves from the placa catalunya. it is 3.75 euros each way and is very efficient and reliable. there are very good restuarants on the road behind the museum of the history of catalonia, with set menus of three courses with bread, wine and coffee for 12 to 24 euros. the Restuarant Semprieviva was great. this is around the barceloneta area and the beach. the montjuic area gives spectacular views of the city. a visit to Park Guell is also a must see.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Alacrity
<Content>Great location, bring bomb shelter. After being greeted by a surely attendant we worked our way up to the room. We were pleased to find it in the back of the hotel (we had asked for a quiet room as opposed to street facing). After a few moments it became clear this wasnt the best idea. Just out back construction was going on that was rather loud and unpleasant. It would turn out this would be the least of our problems. When I asked the front desk for a room change (this was 11am) they swore up and down they were fully booked and could not accommodate such a request. (Despite the fact I saw no less than 5 other rooms check in over the course of the day)The entire time the front desk folks were surely and unhelpful. There was but a single woman there who took the time to actually look at me, as well as make efforts to resolve the situation. Indeed she was a pleasure to interact with, her coworkers could learn a lot by watching her interactions.On the plus side the hotel room was quite spacious, the beds rock hard (which we prefer versus soft!), and a blissfully strong shower. The interior hallways of the hotel are very well finished, walls/floors covered in marble. As it turns out this visually appealing remodel would be this hotels critical fault. Whenever a guest leaves a room, the door slam shut, reverberating and echoing off the walls with such intensity one would swear the hotel was under seige and a mortor round just penetrated the hallway. This is how we awoke every morning between 6 and 7am (apparently there was a conference in town that week). Luckily the conference attendees were in bed early and stayed put, otherwise this warfare would've continued randomly during the night!if you like to wake peacefully in the morning, or dont want to endure flashbacks to war time memories, you may wish to stay someplace else.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	5	3	1	1	3	

<Author>Member06
<Content>Hotel Lleo, great location We have just stayed at the Hotel Lleo for a week. We arrived late in the evening and after a prompt and friendly check-in took the lift to our room on the 6th floor. We opened the door and were both a little disappointed by the general decor and drabness of the room. The bathroom had wacky purple flowered tiles on the walls and ceiling. However the room was clean, although the bedroom ceiling had seen better days, looked like a recent roof leak as the paint was peeling. We went out that night and came back late. The next morning we took the stairs and realised the other rooms in the hotel were much brighter and better decorated. On arrival in reception I spoke to the Manager and told him the room was not very good as the ceiling paint was peeling. He said there was another room we could move to and if we packed our cases they would move them whilst we were out. So we did and the room we stayed in the rest of our stay was great. We had a balcony and electric beds. We had ordered FC Barcelona tickets to be delivered to the hotel. I informed the reception staff and as soon as they arrived we were informed. The cafe in the hotel looked good but we never got to eat there, too many other places to eat. I would recommend this hotel as it was in a great location, good clean rooms at a good price and the staff were very friendly.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>algazz37
<Content>Great location for a city break weekend trip Have just returned from a weekend break.What a wonderful city break location. We stayed 3 nights in Hotel Lleo.-Hotel - Location is wonderful 5 minute walk to Placa Catalunya and top of La Rambla. Perfect base for sightseeing. Room ideal twin electric beds, Fridge, TV (only english channels CNN, Eurosport) there is also a TV room, Balcony (we had rooms to the front so we were able to relax and watch the comings and goings of the street below).-Restuarant - We stayed BB Breakfast was ok Usual selection of Cooked Breakfast, Bread/rolls, Coissants and pastries, cold meats and cheese. Only negative tea/coffee was rotten( there is a Starbucks right accross the road that we went to for a take away coffee on our way out every morning so not a big negative).-Sightseeing - Would recommend the Blue/red tourist bus feel we managed to see alot of the recommended sights although only being there for the weekend time is limited. Start point for both is Placa Catalunya Square . You are given a guide map/booklet and also discount vouchers to a lot of the sights on the route.Will definately return to Barcelona.Hotel LLeo excellent base with great access to Placa Catalunya and tourist bus start point.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Glasgweigan
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location Stayed for four nights from 6th August with my husband and 10 year old son. The hotel is in an excellent location just along the street from the top of Ramblas.Lovely hotel, marble throughout the lobby, dining room and bar area.Our room was on the top(6th) floor at the back which we were happy about, although we had no real view, we weren't disturbed by street noise.The room had 2 single beds and a camp bed which were very comfortable, large double wardrobe, 2 bedside drawers and dressing table. There was also a full size fridge, handy if you want to bring in your own drinks. Being coffee drinkers it was handy for storing milk, if you are tea/coffee drinkers bring your own kettle and supplies as these are not supplied by the hotel.Bathroom had bath and shower and bidet. Plenty hot water and fresh towels every day.Breakfast is a buffet with cereals, eggs, bacon, cold meats, cheeses, tost, rolls, croissants, juices, tea, coffee, hot chocolate.Try to eat a good breakfast as this will keep you going until your meal at night.The hotel also served evening meals though we never ate at the hotelThe male staff although helpful were a bit surly, the female staff I found much friendlier and more approachable.In conclusion I would recommend this hotel for location, comfort and amenities.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>aliwoo82
<Content>Good location The Lleo hotel is in a fantastic location - just 5 minutes walk from the top of the ramblas, a 5 minute walk from Placa de Ctalunya - a main square of the city where a train station, bus station and tourist buses are located for easy access around the city. The room of the hotel was clean, had enough space for the two of us, however be warned that a balcony room results in a lot of noise as the Ramblas and surrounding streets are rarely empty! Staff were polite, and pleasant but were reluctant to go out of their way to ensure your stay is perfect. Breakfast is served from 7am-12pm, allowing late risers to enjoy a leisurely buffet breakfast. However, be warned that the later you arrive the less variety you have as food is not regularly replaced so you may find cooked sections warm, rather that hot. The hotel does provide a safe deposit box in the room - however be warned there is a charge of 10 euros to rent it out, with a further charge of 2.50 euros per day, which was not mentioned by staff . It was written on the receipt, however if you do not know Spanish you may not understand the charges! Overall an average hotel in a fantastic location.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	5	3	2	3	4	

<Author>walana
<Content>Good overall Perfect location, rooms on the small side but adequate and Id booked a superior room so hate to see the normal sized ones! Advertisement of a jacuzzi in the room was a disappointment and nothing but a bath with bubble options - a tight squeeze for 2!! Breakfast a rip off. However location does win overall.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>carly20
<Content>Brilliant hotel Me and my boyfriend stayed here end of july and what a great hotel it was, we was a bit worried because we had seen some reviews which didnt seem to good.Staff were friendly and talk quite good English we had requested a room at the front of the hotel which we got and although there was a noisy road out the front with the doors closed you couldnt really hear any of it and with the room having airconditioning you didnt really need the doors open anyway. Our room was very clean and quite big we also had electric beds which was quite fun.Overall we thought this hotel was very good it was lovely and clean and in a great location,lovely rooms and helpful staff even the breakfast was nice. We will def be staying at this hotel again in the future. One last thing we would like to recommend the website checkin2 which is where we booked our accomdation from they were very helpful when you ring up and its easy to book over the internet and was by far the cheapest place to book for accomadation only (well thats whats we found anyway).  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>simonerudd
<Content>Perfect but Noise at the Back What a fantastic location! A 2 min walk to Plaza Cataluna and The Ramblas. Have just come back from a 3 night stay. Got the Aerobus from the airport to Plaza Cataluna, only 3.50 euros! Then a short and very easy walk to the hotel. The staff on arrival were ok. Friendly enough. Free wireless internet access and the safe cost 2.50 euros a day.The room we had was a twin at the back of the building. Spacious with two over sized single beds. We even had a little gadget to raise the head of the beds!! (not to sure how useful that is though). The decor was a bit woodchip, but had been painted fairly recently and was amazingly clean. I wasn't expecting any more from a three star hotel. I have stayed in hundreds that were much much worse.The bathroom although not a sparkling new as a higher grade hotel was also very very clean. Marble everywhere. Had a very powerful shower with no problems with hot water.The room had wooden floors which were thoroughly cleaned every day, along with the sheets and towels being changed. Breakfast was a fairly typical spanish hotel buffet but was served till 12pm, which is great for those who fancy a late morning..... which brings me on to my only criticism.There were major building works going on behind the hotel which were very noisy from about 9am onwards so if you are travelling within the next few months, I would try and get a room at the front.Overall though, we thought this was an excellent little hotel and for the location and the price, couldn't have asked for more!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>Cubsfan_1974
<Content>Good hotel, great location!       Our hotel room  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Blondi_Baby
<Content>Great Location I stayed in the hotel Lleo in barcelona in March for 2 nights..it is a great little hotel..fine for a 3 star..the best thing about this hotel is it's location, it is located 2 minutes walk for the Plaza de Catyluna Sq.. We stayed in a room towards the back that had no view..so I would advise anyone going to put in a request for a balcony room that will overlook the street..may be a bit nosier than in the back but you will have a view over the street anyway. the breakfast in the Lleo isn't nice. the staff here were very friendly and the next time I go back to barcelona ( which i will be as it is a fabulous city)I will stay in the Lleo again bacause of it's location. If you are looking for a nice really central 4 star go for the Hotle Regina..Tip for Barcelona: Stay at least 3 nights as it is a large city and theres a lot to see..esp do trip on the Bus Turistic tours( there is a red  blue line, one is north  one is south..The north tour will take you to the Nou Camp Football stadium, and the south will take you to the zoo,olympic stadium,aquarium,beach etc..it is worth it to get the 2 day pass on this bus which cost 22 euro pp..it is a hop on hop off service that you can practically use as a taxi..Train from barcelona Airport to Plaza De Catyluna..The train station is located infront of the b terminal, when you come out of terminal B turn left ,go through a walkway bridge and down to the station here you will ask for your ticket to barcelona ( Plaza de catyluna return( it cost me 9.50 return for 2 people)..you get the train to El Prat( 1st stop) then go to Platform 2..get the train to Sants( 2 nd stop)go to platform 2, get off 1st stop for Plaza de catyluna..you will arrive at the underground stop next to the huge back overlooking the Square..next to the Banesto Bank..on your return..you have to go back down this stop next to the bank again for your journey back to the airport..go to platform2..get off in sants go to platform 5get off in El Prat.get on again at platform 3 for the airport.. it is well worth it to get the train if you are on a budget as a taxi costs around 30 euro one way...there is also a bus that goes into the Square( about 30mins of a journey  
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>billyork
<Content>PERFECT HOTEL AND GREAT LOCATION My wife and I together with two friends spent four days here in March. For the price I would say it was exceptionally good value. The breakfast was plentiful and if you did not like Spanish food,the meals in the restaurant of an evening were certainly to our liking. Our rooms on the third floor overlooked the main street but the balcony window kept out any noise.The location is great with numerous shops,bars and coffee shops on your doorstep and Las Ramblas a five minute walk away. I would definately rate this hotel as deserving of more than a 3 star rating  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>queenangel2
<Content>TERRIBLE view!! I stayed here for a week in late June 2005 with my boyfriend.The lobby area, although small, seemed nice and clean. Our room was extremely small for a one week stay. We had one very small window which had a view of a wall which was literally 4ft away from the window. We straight away asked to be moved but the hotel was full.The room was clean and the sheets were changed daily. The bathroom was lovely and the shower was very powerful. Lovely breakfast and I was very pleased to find there was free internet access, as at the time of my stay I was checking the web daily to get the results of my final university exams.Fantastic location but we drew a very short straw over our room!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rosemaryt
<Content>An excellent base Stayed here for four nights with my husband and teenage son. Room was very comfortable and a good size. Really appreciated the electronic beds, as I had a back injury. Exceptionally clean and all staff friendly. Breakfast was very good, really appreciated the hours (7.30 - 12). Pity that the bar closes so early but plenty of others around. Location was superb for walking, catching tourist bus (highly recommended). Loved the city and the hotel made it!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CatherinenRory
<Content>Recommended Good Standard The Hotel Lleo is a good base. My husband and I travelled with our four month old son. Everything we booked with the hotel (through a travel agent prior to arrival) was delivered as arranged. Breakfast very good as previous reviews have mentioned and included hot and cold buffet. As we have a baby we also ate a couple of nights in the hotel. Don't expect culinary expertise but if you desperately need convenience like us with baby and a bedtime routine ham and eggs was sufficient !!Location very convenient at the top of La Ramblas and near Placa La Catalunya and Bus turistic routes. Our room was at the back of the hotel and we did not have noise from the very busy street at the front. Ok as we did not need an interesting view - we actually kept the curtains closed the whole time. The floor covering in the hall outside our room was marble and footsteps heard a lot and voices echoed from the lift lobby. The walls do not seem to be very sound resistant and are more partition than solid wall. Constant snoring throughout the whole night was endured by us from another room. Not sure if from room above, below, or to either side. Sound-proofing therefore not great. A great location for a hotel that also provides more than basic accommodation and attention. Enjoy.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maidmarian
<Content>good 3starwith a great location I booked this hotel through Flying Visits for a 3 night stay in Nov'05 and I must say I will definitly go through a travel agent from now. The level of service and expertise I had while dealing with them was so reassuring. I knew they would take good care of me if I had any problems and as they have actually seen a lot of the hotels they sell at least I know I will not end up in a dump.Anyway, the Lleo hotel is in a great location just off Plaza Catalunya and Las Ramblas. There is a cash machine directly outside the hotel on the left and a shop just a few doors up where you can buy your disposable camera or films!! If you walk back up towards the Plaza Catalunya you will pass a number of little shops, and a Starbucks across the street and within 3 minutes you will come to the start of Las Ramblas. There is a metro/train station at Plaza Catalunya, just outside the coffee shop Caf茅 Zurich, which will take you anywhere you want to go. You can also catch the Bus Turistico from the Plaza Catalunya. If you go right when you come out of the Lleo Hotel for about a 100yards, you will come to a small bar where you can dine or have a late drink. This is great as the hotel bar closes at 11.30pm. All the air-conditioned rooms are very comfortable with fridge, safe, piped music and hair-dryer but BBC News and Sky News are the only english speaking channels. Some rooms are quiet small. In ours the bathtub was just right for me (but then i am only 5foot tall!!), and the dressing table was right up against the bed but as we were only sleeping there we didnt find it a problem. There is a small bar with a lounge area and the buffet breakfast is served in a room beside the lounge area until 12:00 every day. There is a snack bar and also a non-smoking dining hall beside the breakfast room. There is a vending machine in the lobby, just in front of the elevator, where you can get water, soft drinks and even cans of beer!! The lobby also has a lot of information on sightseeing and the reception staff are very helpful if you need directions. Just behind the elevator is the piano room and a business centre where you can check your emails. All in all a great stay in Barcelona.Directions: Take the Airport bus from outside Terminal A and get off at the Plaza Catalunya Stop (journey time approx 20mins and the cost is approx Eur 3.95 per person). You will be dropped off on the far side of the Plaza Catalunya. The hotel is only a 5 minutes walk away so cross over towards the fountain to the other side of Plaza Cataluna, walk around the coffee shop (Caf茅 Zurich) and down the Carrer de Pelai, cross over at Starbucks coffee shop and keep walking down the street away from Plaza Catalunya. You will see the Lleo hotel on your left.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ldtc2
<Content>Overall good value for the price Very good value for the money. Location was excellent, the room was clean, spacious and quiet. The reception desk was extremely helpful. TFYI, the room we stayed in (#105) was somewhat  smelly (smelled like sewage), but my friend's room ( #106) was fine ( did not smell). As noted in previous reviews, there were some silly aspects such as having to rent the safety deposit box, and breakfast wasn't included. All in all, it was a good decision to stay at this place. I would stay there again. Bette D ( NJ)  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ChippyBrady
<Content>Great location, ok hotel I stayed in this hotel for 1 night, while other family members stayed for 7 nights. The location is great, literally a 2 minute walk to Plaza de Cataluyna.My room was on the 6th floor and in serious need of refurbishment. Decor was dated  tatty and the room needed a good cleaning. Other family members were on the 3rd floor and their rooms were very nice, modern, clean  comfortable. The lobby  restaurant were also very nice.Maybe with me just staying the one night, they reckoned it was ok to give me one of their worst rooms.I would stay here again because of the location, just next time on the 3rd floor!!!!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jcniii
<Content>Overall very pleased Location was very good and within walking distance to Ramblas. Staff was very friendly with the exception of staff on Sunday for checkout...did not seem to want to be bothered with calling a cab for us. Rooms were very nice with wood laminate floors and marble bathroom. Breakfast buffet was good for the price but not up to American standards in my opinion. Free wireless Internet and a computer in the lounge-free of charge!! Views from back of hotel are not much to look at and with the marble floors in the hallways you might want to bring some earplugs as it gets noisy in the mornings with activity..Being slightly handicapped I found facilities easy to navigate...would stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ferd
<Content>quality and value Stayed here with my wife last month for a few days sightseeing in Barcelona. The hotel is very centrally placed, just off Playa Catalunya and the University area. Don't expect a great view from your room however! Very good quality for a 3 star hotel, with compact rooms that had free wireless access, TV, minibar, wood veneer floors, spa bath/shower etc! Service was exemplary, and room service food was very reasonably priced. Breakfast was also serverd late into the day until 12pm. One small issue would be the wall thickness, as sometimes we could hear our neighbours moving around (partly due to wooded flooring perhaps).  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Great Hotel Loved the location near Plaza Catalunya. The desk staff was excellent. The room and the hotel were very clean. The bathroom was a nice size. We had a room with a balcony overlooking the main street. Nice lighting. With the doors closed the room was very quiet. Incredibly good soundproofing. The only complaint was that the some of the grout in the tub/shower needs to be replaced. The price was excellent. I made the reservations on the hotel internet site. 85 euros for twins. Excellent price for that location. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>p13urton_123
<Content>ideal for short stay in Barcelona Have just returned from Barcelona and would highly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a short stay in a comfortable hotel, the 3 star rating was about right, staff friendly, breakfast fab and rooms large and comfortable. Air conditioning a must in June, free internet access great for checking in on line for flight home and not having to get to airport 2 hours early. Only reservation building works at back which maybe noisy this summer but rooms soundproofed and didn't effect our stay. Good location just off Ramblas with easy access to all sights. Take the open top bus red and blue routes and jump off at sights you want to see and then jump back on another bus later, good way to see everything in a little time.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>hcry
<Content>Good Enough Arriving at the Lleo after the long trip from the Midwest, the hotel clerk was busy with his computer and did not acknowledge us for several minutes, ... when he reluctantly decided we were not going to disappear, he did the minimum necessary to get us to our room. Small and dark. He had not bothered to tell us to insert our room key in a wall switch to turn the power on. Now no longer dark, but still small. The best part about the Lleo is the great location, right off the top of La Ramblas. It is also clean. I don't think it qualifies as a 3 star hotel, but there was nothing totally unacceptable except paying so much for so little.  
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>carolann
<Content>Hotel Lleo- great hotel, good location Just back from Barcelona. Stayed at the Hotel Lleo close to Place de la Catalunya. What an excellent hotel. Great situation, great access to Bus/Metro and just a few minutes away from La Rambla, but far enough to be away from the noise at night. The breakfasts at this hotel are phenomenal, everything and anything you could wish for. The rooms are nice, fantastic posture paedic beds. Hotel staff very friendly and helpful. Definitely would recommend to anyone.  
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JanetHertfordshire
<Content>excellant location This hotel is ideally situated close to La Rambla and Plazza Cataluyna. From the hotel it is easy to get to and from the airport and explore Barcelona using the buses and the metro The hotel is clean and serves a very good breakfast. I would definitly go back there again.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyable Stay! Walked in off the street and was welcomed by friendly staff. The Hotel is in a brilliant area, just a stones throw away from the main pedestrian strip. Rooms are basic, clean and offer fantastic remote control beds. Rooms all have air con, which is necessary in July and August!I would recommend this hotel for people who want to stay in the heart of a great city!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A smart alternative   showReview(2129925, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fantastic   showReview(1767690, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location   showReview(1749122, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a relaxed atmosphere   showReview(1638834, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great bed!   showReview(1502881, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Deano.bigfella
<Content>Fantastic!!!   showReview(1213498, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Try elswhere first!   showReview(1209116, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Baggins66
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(930008, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travelfan76
<Content>good location   showReview(909997, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 9, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Lleo   showReview(693737, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>davidoff2001at
<Content>Super Lage       La Bouqueria  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	2	4	3	3	

<Author>Baramba
<Content>Consigliatissimo   showReview(14427689, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'h么tel offre le mini li茅 脿 sa...   showReview(13548440, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un hotel in posizione comoda e...   showReview(12651674, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel ideale per un soggiorno a...   showReview(11409681, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Para los precios de los hoteles...   showReview(11409679, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel centrale, situato in...   showReview(11409680, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Siamo stati quattro giorni a...   showReview(11409682, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tutto come nelle aspettative...   showReview(11409683, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel muy recomanable, WIFI...   showReview(11409684, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

