<Author>charleskwek
<Content>Cosy and children-friendly       Hollywood Hotel, HK  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>gafrancomd
<Content>Truly magical stay       Goofy at the lobby  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Animetal
<Content>A magical experience not just for kids but for adults as well There are so many positive reviews for this hotel and mine is no exception. If you have kids and going to HK, the Disney Hollywood Hotel or the Disneyland Hotel is a must.The Disney Hollywood Hotel is one of the best fun-filled experience we've had as a family - everything was just pristine and perfect. The place is very spacious, the facilities are excellent. There are 4 restaurants but the fast food style Hollywood  Dine is a hit for kids because they can pick and choose what they want to have. Nearby is an activity center for kids till 10PM.The Guest Rooms are VERY spacious which is a breath of fresh air compared to the cramped hotel rooms located in Kowloon at the same price. Even the cable TV has Disney shows 24x7 for kids. If you can request for a room facing the park, you can watch the fireworks from your room at 8PM and have the TV tuned in to channel 36 or 39 (can't remember exactly) for the accompanying music.Also if you have a park ticket, make sure to give your ticket to the front desk so you can have your free pass to the park the next day!All I can say is that this is one of the hotels I will definitely come back to with my family. Single travelers might feel left out though because of the family oriented nature of the place.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JKWD
<Content>Excellent theme park Hotel We stayed with our 1.5 year old son to celebrate Christmas with him. The lobby was a bit crowded on the boxing day when we checked in. The service was good and efficient. The hotel outdoor area was really nice with pool area, nice garden with real size model cars that used in movies as well as a nice path along the sea shore. The room was spacious with nice Disney touch and a wide range of TV channels for the kids. Our son simply loved the hotel. The restaurant Chef Mickey also offered quality food though a bit pricy. The free shuttle bus to and from the Theme Park was quick and frequent as we always found a hsuttle bus waiting for passengers.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>farikica
<Content>A magical stay       Photo with Goofy at the lobby  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>flamex
<Content>All the Disney Magic Fantastic stay - we were concerned about staying at Disney for 4D/3N when we only planned to spend at most one day in the theme park. Getting downtown wasn't much hassle and riding the Disney MTR was part of the fun.The check-in line was long on arrival but we stashed our bags with the fabulous bellman, retrieved the kids' swimsuits and hit the pool. When we were done with the pool, the check-in line was non-existent. Our room was small but very well-designed and had all the Disney touches. The Hollywood theme was carried right through the hotel with little interesting features and Art Deco design on even the most mundane of items.The restaurants were fine but pricey - we were able to get takeout to eat by the swimming pool. The swimming pool area was lovely and the view from our room over the back of the property was like a movie set. We used the discount 2 days-for-1 tickets to see the fireworks one night then enjoyed the park for the better part of our last day in Hong Kong. The park is small but our 14, 11, 10, and 7 year olds found plenty to do and lots of characters to pal around with.Taxis on Lantau were cheap and we went to the Po Lin Monastery and Buddha on a clear, but windy, day. Taking a local bus was an experience! The rest of the time we spent downtown in Kowloon or on Hong Kong Island. When the younger kids tired, there was always a parent ready to retreat to Disney's Hollywood Hotel for a rest too!  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>sillypie
<Content>Wonderful Experiences ! My family of 4, me, my hubby and 2 kids aged 4.5 yr old and 17 month old thoroughly enjoyed staying in Hollywood Hotel. Booked a Garden View room for 4 nights in mid November. Purchased a child annual pass and got to enjoy 30% off the room rates, which left us spare money for other expenses. We visited the park for 2 days with the stay and play package.Took a cab from the airport to the hotel, fare about HK$120, the cab was going very fast, so I think the journey was about 15 min.The lobby was quiet and check in was smooth on a Sunday evening. There was a TV in the lobby to entertain the kids. The room was clean and size was just manageable for 4 persons though can be bigger for the kids to move around. The room has 2 beds, so one parent with 1 child on each bed. Requested for a child barrier to install on one side of both beds, to prevent the kids from falling onto the floor while sleeping.We loved the d茅cor of the room, with mickey in every place, even the shower curtain. Toiletries included:1) Conditioning shampoo, body wash and body lotion, 3) 2 boxes of toothbrushes/toothpastes (1 box consisted of 2 toothbrushes/toothpastes, so total of 4 toothbrushes/toothpastes)4) Shower cap, sewing kit, comb, cotton buds, cotton wools and a small nail filer. They also provided kettle, useful for making coffee, tea and of course milk for your children. Inside the wardrobe was an iron board and iron, bathing robes and the famous Mickey Mouse slippers. The safe was inside the wardrobe and a small fridge was just underneath the safe.Though the room was supposed to be garden view, it was facing the pavement and so no nice scenery view to speak of. But we were fine with that as the children were mostly entertained by the Disney programs while we just relaxed in the room and watched the two monkeys prancing around in front of the flat screen LCD TV鈥?ha!Our only complain was that there was no HBO or other movies channels for the adults. After the kids were put to sleep, all the channels were either cartoons or in Cantonese that left very limited choices for the parents, so kind of boring.Oh, there was also a drink vending machine and ice machine in a small room near the lift lobby.Staff was very friendly and helpful, giving Disney stickers to the children. Housekeeping was efficient and the toiletries were replenished every time the room was made up. We had dinner at Hollywood Dine on the first night. A caf茅-styled eatery, it served food like Japanese Udon set (HK68), Chef recommend set like rice with fish (HK68), mango pudding(HK18), lemon tea (HK15), yoghurt (HK12) and other like pasties (limited choices), cut fruits salads (HK25).They also served breakfast menu like Breakfast Hong Kong set (HK116) which was soup noodles with luncheon and HK styled milk tea and other western sets.The next morning breakfast was at Chef Mickey, food was fine although the buffet selections were limited. It still satisfied our stomachs before departing for the park.The shuttle bus service was also fast, efficient and convenient. It shuttled among the park, MRT and the two Disneyland hotels. The MRT station was near the park and for most of our dinners, we took the MRT down to Citygate Outlet mall food court as well as some outlet shopping therapy.This hotel was really child-friendly. Children can have fun in the Malibu Toy shop playing with toys, reading story books, or drawing and coloring. We also had fun browsing in the Celebrity Gift shop and of course, taxing out our wallets and credit cards.If you explored the hotel ground, there is a children playground further down from the swimming pool and some display of classic cars, which made fantastic photo moment for the family.On the last morning, we did character breakfast at Enchanted Garden at Disneyland Hotel. My girl had so much fun with Mickey, Minnie, Daisy, Goofy etc who came around our table for some hand-shaking and cheek kissing actions. The buffet spread was of wider variety.Unfortunately, we did not utilize the pool though it looked inviting with a water slide. The weather was quite cold, so we skipped the swimming, don think my kids can take it.We checked out on Thurs afternoon and by that time, can feel that that hotel was getting crowded as more people were arriving. Transport to airport was by cab, fare about HK120.My girl has already made her wish to be back in the mickey mouse hotel...that is the parents' wish too!!  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sars321
<Content>What a great stay An amazing stay. My dad and i loved the service and international convenience. The staff speak 5 different languages and are very friendly. The best part is, it has a bus service that goes to the airport and theme park.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jassyandjack
<Content>Loved the Disney Hollywood Hotel Excellent hotel, exceptionally clean with extremely helpful staff. . Our holiday was so much fun with out two little ones and that was because of the staff and hospitality that is shown to everyone that stays at this hotel. Exceptional service. Wish we had booked to stay longer as the hotel and grounds are just beautiful.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mumluhan
<Content>Fantastic Disney Experience We have just spent three nights at this hotel and...WOW... what a great hotel and a fantastic way to end a holiday in HK ( we had 8 nights on HK Island). The location of the hotel means that you don't even realise that the hustle and bustle of HK is only a relatively short train trip away.You have to hand it to Disney - they sure know how to do it well with all the little touches starting with the special Disney train with its Mickey shaped windows and statues in the carriages. The grounds to the hotel were superbly landscaped and there is a large piano shaped pool, which had 3 lifeguards patrolling it at all times. The first night we were there we went to the Enchanted Garden restaurant at the other Disney Hotel which is a superb buffet and all the Disney characters meet and greet - we had photos with Mickey, Minnie, Pluto and Goofy. The second night we ate at Chef Mickey at the Hollywood Hotel which serves both a buffet and a la carte menu. There is also a simple cafe plus a bar where you can order food. The hotel room was fine - 2 double beds and enough space for all of us - 2 adults and 2 girls (aged 9 and 7). The little Disney things in the room were hits - like keeping the slippers, Micket shaped ears on the toiletries,the shower curtain, Disney channel on the TV! If your room looks out towards Disneyland you can watch the fireworks from your room and listen to the music from your TV.The shuttle bus to and from Disneyland is efficent as was the bell boys service getting taxis to go to the airport.A magical hotel that helps to create lasting memories of our visit to Hong Kong Disneyland  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>sharemadder
<Content>Great place to stay       The Swimming Pool  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sarahNewZealand
<Content>Best hotel Stopped in Hollywood hotel, Hong Kong for a stop over  found it excellent in every way.The hotel was stunning. The room was large, clean  very modern. They supply dressing gowns, slippers  anything you ask for. The staff are very helpful  friendly. They all speak very good english in the hotel  the park.It was definantly better then America  France with no queues in the park for any of the rides.I would love to go back  would stay in the same hotel  would recomend to evryone.The only drawback was the food as I have a 4 year old son but they do burgers  hot dogs.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>roundtheworld4me
<Content>Great Hotel with the Disney touch       Bedroom  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>RickNet
<Content>Big picture is great, little touches make it even better       Mickey waffles are a great touch  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>OziMum
<Content>AWESOME for kiddies! All that you would expect from a Disney Hotel! A paradise for kids! The little touches, like a tv in the check in area, character meet-and-greets, their activity room, and the funky pool - all really added to the kids stay... and if the kids are happy, Mum and Dad are happy! Beautiful landscaped gardens. The only real let-down was that the restaurants were pretty pricey, and they don't have room service. Regular shuttle buses to Disneyland. And the trainstation there, can take you straight into Hong Kong. Quick and easy! *we were there from 1 May - 5 May 2008... apparently that week was a National China Holiday... so the place was packed to the rafters... next time i'll be checking their local holidays!!!* (first week in Oct, is also a national holiday, I think!)All in all we absolutely loved our stay.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>biggroofy
<Content>Worst Disney Resort Ever! We have been to various Disney Resorts (Tokyo, Orlando, LA, etc) and this is the worst resort ever! The hotel was a clone of the Tokyo Disney's Ambassador Hotel. Most of the staff do not respect hotel guests. Lobby floors are always wet and slippery. Rooms are torn-off and bathroom curtains has bad smells. Granted late checkout but our room was being cleared at 11:30am!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>tgagirl
<Content>Lovely end to our holiday My family stayed here for 3 nights, mid July 2008. We had just a fabulous time, it was the tail end of a long busy holiday and this hotel proved to be perfect for relaxation and fun.At the moment the hotel is offering an extra days Disneyland pass depending on your stay. We stayed 3 nights and got a 2 day pass for the price of 1. We found plenty to do at the park. The queues were really short in the morning, the busiest time being in the evening for the fireworks, which is an absolute highlight.We had intended to spend time sightseeing in HK but had such a great time at Disneyland and hanging out by the pool that we just didn't get around to it. The pool is great for kids, towels are provided and the bar is opens in the afternoon and offers a great range of non and alcoholic cocktails. Great for a holiday treat.The staff are very friendly and helpful. We were able to check in early and organised a 1 hour later checkout. We ate at Chef Mickey every morning and most evenings as the buffet offered something for everyone, both asian and european options. Food at Disneyland is mostly fast food so the hotel food is better if you are looking for something more substantial.When we stayed there were plenty of characters (Goofy in the Pool! etc) around the hotel complex for photos, this really added to the whole Disneyland experience.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>AngieDuenas
<Content>GREAT stay and GREAT deal!       hotel lobby  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>-gelow77-
<Content>It was a Magical Experience! :)       the nice shower curtain!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SchueyMalaysia
<Content>Horrible Check In Service We arrived at the hotel on a weekday noon, and found a ridiculously long and SLOW queue at the check-in area. I waited for almost 1 hour just to check, eventhough there were 4 - 5 check in counters operational at that time. The problem is, the staff are very slow in handling each check-in reuest. I estimated that most of the check-in took about 20 minutes, and the more complicated ones (eventhoough I do not understand how complicated checking in can get) took over half an hour. Isn't that ridiculous? I am pretty accurate in my observation as I timed them using my watch. Even my own check-in took 15 minutes, where the staff asked me three times to confirm the number of park tickets that I wanted to purchase (which I have already pre-booked. So, I do not understand why she had to re-confirm it three times during the check in process). The check-in staff were very friendly but it did not help to compensate for the poor servie though.It was crazy to see such poor service. This was definitely the worst check in experience I had in my entire life. Other than that, the rooms were of decent size and clean, but nothing to shout about. The swimming pool looks good but did nto get a chance to try it out.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>AussieKaren
<Content>Fantastic Family Fun My family ( 2 adult, 5yr old, 7 yr old) stayed here for 3 nights on the 28th, 29th and 30th May 2008. We bought an annual pass for my daughter and as a result saved 50% on our accommodation by booking directly with the motel. Prior to our stay I emailed the motel and they were prompt and friendly with all their communications.We arrived at 10am on a Wednesday. We took 2 blue taxis due to our 4 large suitcases and the taxi fare was 120HK per taxi. Staff were there to meet the taxis and assist with our luggage. Check-in was easy and quick. I had purchased my daughter's annual pass over the internet and the reception staff were able to issue the annual pass as well as park tickets (we got a deal of 2 days for the price of 1) for the rest of our family. Check-in time is not usually to early afternoon however the reception staff did a shuffle for us and we got access to a room at 10am. This meant the kids could go for a swim as soon as we arrived.The pool has a water slide. Beach towels are provided at the pool as are flotation vests for little kids (although the pool isn't really deep). A Lifeguard is on duty at all times. The spa however was very hot in the middle of the day (39 degrees).The hotel has really nice gardens and you can access the waterfront promenade through the gardens. There is also a small playground for kids and some cars for great photos.The room was 2 double beds and had a reasonable space to move around in. They provide you with bath robes and slippers with mickey outline on them (the slippers are free to take home with you). The shampoo has mickey lids and the fash washers were done each morning to represnt an animal (rabbit etc).The foyer has a good gift shop. We were also fortunate to have photos taken with Marie from the Aristocats in the lobby one evening after returning from the park.Breakfast at Chef Mickey wasn't as good as the character breakfast at the Enchanted Garden but stil had a good range and options. I would recommend that you go to the Enchanted Garden each day though just for the great service and better and more expansive brekfast foods. The omlette and chinese noodles made to order were delicious. As were the variety of pastries and cakes. Not to mention the added bonus of Mickey, Minnie, Pluto and Goofy who arrived at 8am at the 7am-9am brekfast sitting. The walk to the Hong Kong Hotel was less than 5 minutes - even with the kids and the rain.The resort bus was very great to get to the park. We never had to wait for more than 5 minutes and it wasn't crowded. After the fireworks there were 5 buses waiting for guests to take them back to the motel so even at the busiest time we didn't have to wait.Our stay was magical and everyhting you could ask for. The Disney staff made sure your dreams do come true when you stay at a Disney hotel.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>emi0214
<Content>I'd love to go back!       bathroom  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>PTCC
<Content>Good ! Stayed here last week - end of May.We booked through the hotel's website and also, prebooked the breakfast with Disney Characters at the Plaza Inn, Disneyland Park. Nothing special - except that you get to go into the park at 9.00 am for dim sum breakfast with the characters - Mulan and Chip and Dale (the park opens at 10.00 am) The breakfast in Disneyland Hotel is better and with more Disney's characters.You can also get your park tickets at the hotel reception and get entrance for 2 consecutive days for the price of one.The hotel is clean and nicely furnished with Mickey's. The park at the back of the hotel and the pool areas are nicely done and it is refreshing to take a walk about.The hotel is quite pack and hence, there is a long queque to take buses (free) to the disneyland park which is about 5 mins drive away. Buses comes around at 10 mins interval.Overall, a good experience - clean and good room !  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Wendles73
<Content>We had a magical stay       Our room 9676  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>woddnq
<Content>Wow What A Great Experience Our family (2 adults and 3 children - 7, 4 and 2) stayed here for 2 nights in April. We had 2 interconnecting rooms on the third floor. If you are in Hong Kong and are going to Disneyland then I would recommend you stay in one of the Disney resorts to add to the experience. All the staff were extremely friendly and the children love receiving the Disney stickers.The grounds are wonderful with a great waterslide and pool for the kids. They have an outdoor spa which is nicely heated for that night time swim. They have activities all day for the children and the 24 hour Disney channel is popular. We had breakfast at the hotel twice and dinner once. They have a wonderful assortment of food and the mickey shaped waffles and biscuits are a nice touch.Disneyland in Hong Kong is more suited to younger children as it is quite small but we spent 2 days there and this was a good amount of time to experience the rides a number of times and not have to rush all day. The shows are worth seeing and are probably the highlight.The rooms are clean but basic. They have what you need but the walls are thin. One tip is if you want to experience the enchanted breakfast at the Disneyland Hotel then do not prebook breakfast as you cannot swap it over.Do not prebook your Disneyland tickets as the hotel sells tickets for two days for the price of one.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>GCgirly
<Content>Loved Disney's Hollywood Hotel 3 of us aged 48, 45 and 23 stayed at this hotel from the 4th of May to the 6th of May and we all had a fantasic time! We found the hotel room to be very clean and tidy and quite large considering it contained 2 double beds. We loved the mickey slippers and mickey shampoo bottles, such a lovely touch.The pool area was great and even had a waterslide. The breakfast contained a large variety of food to suit everyones tastes (even mickey shaped waffles).Staff were all very helpful and the Disney gift shop was very useful to get those last minute gifts! The only negative to our stay was that the room provided no tea/coffee making facilites or mini bar. The shuttle bus to disneyland was great!Overall we had a great stay and we would recommend this hotel to everyone no matter what your age!  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cgi2i
<Content>Fantastic for Kids! * Chef Mickey Food is extremely varied. There is 3 restaurants to eat at and 1 shop to have take away, but there is plenty to choose from and priced reasonably.* Rooms are clean, large and full of Mickey. (Yes the bathroom door does open right onto the toilet, but you just move out of the way and lock the door if you are using the bathroom)* Kids loved 24hr Disney Channel* Staff are very polite and bend over backwards, hitting the lift button if they are around, bringing pool towels within 2 minutes of making the phone call etc etc...* Disneyland shuttle runs every 5-10mins (excellent)* Apart from Disneyland, there is a huge pool, huge spa, playground, 24hr disney channel, toy room and plenty of grass for Children to run around on.* The whole resort is kept so clean and tidy. The pool and spa are very warm and can be swam in day and night (up until 10pm)* Recommend the 'Character Breakfast' at the Enchanted Garden - at the Disneyland Hotel. The kids faces are unforgettable! * So easy to go to the Park in the morning, enjoy the resort after Lunch and then head back to Disneyland for the fireworks. You won't regret choosing to stay here if you are looking for a holiday for the kids.... We had a fantastic time and would do it again at the drop of a hat!  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ultron
<Content>Nice Hotel Staff of the hotel are very accomodating and very cheerful. The front desk allowed us to have an early checkin so we can start touring the park. The room is spacious enough for 2 adults and 1 kid. Room is clean and orderly. I highly recommend this hotel. Don't forget to book for a breakfast inside the park. The reservation entitles you to enter the park at 9AM. Since the park opens at 10AM, you will have enough time to take pictures of the castle along Main St. with little or no crowd.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Mark.Atkinson
<Content>Another world!!       looking towards reception  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Epcot79
<Content>Friendly, Clean and Superb Disney Quality! We just returned from a trip to Hong Kong where we stayed at Disney's Hollywood Hotel. Upon check-in we were greeted by some of the friendliest Disney cast members we have ever met (and we have visted every Disney property worldwide)!The rooms were very fresh and clean. The beds were comfortable and we enjoyed the extra small touches like free gift mickey slippers and complimentary hotel-branded pens (souvenir quality). The theming and atmosphere of this hotel is a cross between Hollywood and the old Mickey Mouse cartoons. It is a fun theme! The pool is great for families. My son loved the waterslide! This hotel is located right beside the ocean, and there are jogging paths available right behind the hotel (along the waterfront) which connect it to the Disneyland Hotel, the Ferry Pier and the promenade towards Disneyland Park. We did a complete leisurely walk of the resort in 60 minutes time.During our stay the hotel was not busy, and this was a plus as we felt like we had the place to ourselves!The only downside to staying at this property is the lack of American style food. Which was very surprising as this is a Disney property hotel... themed to Hollywood... America! In order to get a hamburger we had to either go into the Disneyland park or take a taxi back to the airport (the closest fast-food to Disneyland).Other than the small food inconvenience, everything else was wonderful and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. We would return next time.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Roving-Feet
<Content>Wonderfully Disney This is a slighly cheaper hotel than the other Disney Hotel at Disneyland Hong Kong. The hotel was full of Mickey designs, even the shower gel bottles and headboard :-) My nephew loved the room as well as we did. It was clean, spacious - enough room to move around. The hotel ground is huge, so your kids can roam around. The pool was really nice too! The shuttle provided by the hotel to Disneyland Park were very prompt and frequent, so no worries there (there is quite a distance to walk from the bus station to the park entrace though)Unfortunately we didnt see many Disney characters around the hotel as we had hoped. Overall, its a nice hotel. Clean. Reasonable price. Nice hotel staff. Your kids will love it :)  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>MJVMenchaca
<Content>Our 2008 Summer Vacation       Celebrity Gift Shop  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nsha
<Content>Wonderful Stay at Disney's Hollywood Hotel Had a lovely stay at the Hong Kong Disney Hollywood Hotel for four nights. We reached late in the night so there were no issues with check in. The Hotel is new and very well maintained. It was quite busy during the time which we stayed. Inspite of this, the staff were very friendly and attentive. Nothing to fault with. The rooms were not too big but comfortable enough for a family of 2 small kids. Both the interiors and exteriors are done up in mickey theme - there's mickey even on the carpets and rugs.The beds were extremely cozy 鈥?in fact one of the best hotel beds that we have ever slept in. Enough amenities were provided and were replaced adequately. They provide green tea sachets in the room but were more than willing to provide with normal tea bags and coffee sachets when contacted the guest services. The rooms were cleaned regulary.The breakfast at Chef Mickey was excellent and had plenty of varieties to choose from. Tried the Character Buffet at Enchanted Garden in Disney land hotel as well but the one at Chef Mickey was better. Food is expensive for Hong Kong standards but then there is no choice if staying in the Disney Resort. The next available option is to go to the Citygate outlets in Tung Chung which is one station away from the Sunny Bay Station where the disney MTR takes you from DIsney station. This journey would take approximately 15 minutes by the train.There are quite a few fast food outlets and restaurants available there. We discovered it too late 鈥?just the day prior to departure. The hotel has a lovely pool and a neat garden. The soveniers and gift items available in the store are a bit pricey - found it more affordable in the city. The shuttle bus service between the Disneyland Park and the hotel runs every 10 min during the day. It is an extremely kid friendly hotel and we never had any problems during our stay. Except for weekends, a few of the disney characters were found in the lobby and the kids were more than delighted to meet them there. All together, it was a very pleasant sta.We would definitely be going back!!!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BluePoolRoad
<Content>Room is average but service is good My family and I stayed here for one night during Easter holiday. The lobby of the hotel is great, when we check in the line up was a little long but then it is Easter holiday. The front office staff was very friendly and helpful especially the Front desk manager but the Bell serive staff was a different story. Overall, the room is clean and decor is a little plain for a Disney hotel. The one thing I found really annoying was that this hotel do not provide Bottled water to guest. Guests need to buy their own on a vending machine on the floor. Well, we have stayed in many hotels and I can't really remember there were other cosmopolitian city 4/5 stars hotel that do not provide bottled drinking water for room guest especially this is a Disney hotel.The food at Chef Mickey resturant was good and kids really enjoy playing outside the yard after lunch. Overall, it is not a bad experience and would come back to stay the next time.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	2	4	4	3	3	

<Author>zoukee888
<Content>Small        The Disney MTR  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>KevinSingapore
<Content>Fabulous efficiency Fantastic stay made possible by fabulous and positive staff who go beyond the call of duty to please you. The efficiency is superb - in every aspect. They will reply emails within minutes, serve you within minutes. No hassle at all. No extra charges. They're all smiles and all business. This will definitely give established 5-star or 6-star rated hotels a run for their money. It is also absolutely value-for-money. they even surprised us with a free room upgrade!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>mai_a216
<Content>Coming back!!!       robes and slippers in the closet  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>PhilippineTraveler
<Content>For Convenience and Comfort My Family and My Wife's Family stayed in this hotel last Jan 2, 2008. We booked 4 garden view rooms. Upon arrival, around 1pm., the line for check-in was very long. The line looks like the line waiting for a ride in Disneyland. I waited around 30minutes before it was my turn. The check-in was fast and they upgraded us immediately into a ocean view room (which is the same size as the garden view room but the view is much nicer). The room is average size and everything is in order. The Hotel is just 1 shuttle bus stop away from Hong Kong Disneyland Park. The Shuttle Bus is free and comes every 10 minutes. Its route is Disneyland Park to Disneyland Hotel to Disney Hollywood Hotel and back to Disneyland Park. The room rate is just average versus the room rate of major hotels in Hong Kong. There are 2 hotels in Hong Kong Disneyland - the Hollywood Hotel is the more casual type and the rate is cheaper. The Disneyland Hotel is more on the elegant side and around HKD 300.00 more. But you don't need a very good hotel in Disney since you will be staying whole day in Disneyland Park.Since Hong Kong Disneyland opens around 10am and closes around 8pm, you don't need to stay in this Hotel. What you should do is stay in a hotel in Hong Kong and just use the subway (MTR) to Disneyland which is just 38 minutes. The bad part in staying in this hotel is that you will have nothing to do after the theme park closes. Disneyland Hong Kong is just a small theme park, around 1/3 of Disneyland LA and the line is not that long. In weekdays, there are times that there are no lines at all. So, there no reason that you could not finish all the rides in just 1 day. But convenient and comfort wise, you might consider in staying in this hotel. Its still your choice.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	2	4	3	

<Author>walkingafteru
<Content>Two Thumbs Up!!! we went here early 2007. Good proximity to the main park. Nice, clean and big room with the view of the hotel's park and the sea. Shuttle bus service arrives every so often so not much waiting needed. The best thing with this hotel is their excellent service. On the last day of our stay, I experienced High Blood pressure (due to overwhelming disney experience probably =D ) and as soon as my wife called for medical assistance, the hotel sent a nurse and a security personnel to check on me and made sure I felt better before leaving me. They even allowed to extend our room stay for an hour or 2 so I can get enough rest. I just wish they also had a doctor on stand by. but what the heck, I'm still alive and making this review so I guess the nurse did a great job. =)I will be back with my family again hopefully this year and will make sure I stay in this hotel. Thanks Hollywood!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>alpal15
<Content>Perfect for families This hotel was the perfect stopover location for us on our way home to Melbourne from London. The kids loved the water slide, meeting Disney characters in the foyer, and eating breakfast at Chef Mickey. We ate other meals at Disneyland, which was a short bus ride away. Housekeeping was efficient and the room clean. We can't wait to return to this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Irdina
<Content>Great experience! My family  I stayed at this hotel from 31/1 - 2/1/08. There's nothing much to say. Just to add my two cents here. From the moment we checked-in until we checked-out, everything was flawless. To all DHH staff, keep up the good work!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Gary2007
<Content>Nice and Convenient When in Hong Kong Disney, I suggest you stay in this hotel.We got 2 connecting rooms, was upgraded to a seaview room.The kids liked the Disney/ Mickey theme of the room.Very relaxing as a shuttle bus comes every 15 minutes.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>orpeta
<Content>Would go again in a minute!! We have just returned from our wonderful trip to Hong Kong and China. We stayed at Disney's Hollywood Hotel for 2 nights on Dec 31st - Jan 2nd, and again for one night on Jan 7th. For the Dec 31 - Jan 2 trip my husband, 5 year old daughter and 3 year old son had a seaview room with 2 twin beds. Compared to our hotel in TST (Prince Hotel), it was considerably smaller but very, very clean and comfortable. One tip for travellers with small children - you can hire strollers from the hotel reception for $50HK per day. It is much better to hire them from the hotel rather than in the park as it is quite a walk from the shuttle bus to the park entrance - especially when your son weighs 18kg and insists on being picked up. We learnt this the hard way!! I could not fault the hotel on service or cleanliness. It was just excellent. On our last morning we had the Character Breakfast in the Enchanted Garden Restaurant at the Disneyland Hotel. This was VERY overpriced and only 3 characters (Minnie Mouse, Goofy and Pluto) arrived in the 2 hour session. Because of the number of people in the restaurant only Minnie and Goofy came near us, and even then it was only for a couple of minutes. The food was overcooked and looked like it had been sitting there for a while - I would definitely give this a miss. We then caught a cab to the airport which cost about $158HK.For our second trip, we also travelled with my Dad. As we had our Octopus cards for the MTR we caught the train from the airport to Disneyland. Big mistake if there are more than 2 adults!! It cost more than $70HK each adult and probably half that for the kids, so it would have been cheaper to get a taxi. Our trip back to the airport cost about $130HK in a cab.This time we had garden view rooms, and when we checked in we were given adjoining rooms. I can honestly say that these rooms were just as good, so I wouldn't spend the extra money on seaview rooms. As it was quite late by the time we arrived, we ate dinner in the Lounge downstairs. The food was quite good and reasonably priced (not as expensive as I thought it would be)All in all, I would definitetly recommend this hotel to my friends and am looking forward to going back again!!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SpeedyG-7
<Content>Had a great time Except for the long check in (waited 45 minutes), everything else was great. Customer service from just about everybody was excellent. Room big enough to sleep 2 adults and 2 kids. Relatively big rooms for HK standards. They are short of their attendance targets thus is very eager to offer deals and free upgrades. No difference between 3 types of room other than view. If you don't plan on watching fireworks from room (much better to watch from park anyway), no point in paying more for the park view room. After taking their deals into consideration, it is quite reasonably priced to stay at the Hollywood Hotel. Breakfast and dinner buffets at Chef Mickey are expensive unless you got special deals but both offer excellent food. Would definitely consider staying there again.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>bettylopez10
<Content>HK Disney Hollywood Hotel-a Family hotel       Hollywood Disneyland Gardens  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>viajeroManila
<Content>Great value for money       Disney's Hollywood Hotel  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>smacbeth
<Content>Great hotel for families with kids. This was our second trip to Hong Kong, last time we stayed at the Hong Kong Disney hotel. We were very happy with the Disney Hollywood hotel, as it was very centrally located (close to Disneyland, and close to the MTR for quick access to all of Hong Kong by train).We primarily stayed here to be close to Disneyland, as we have a 3 year old daughter and knew that during the week we stayed in Hong Kong we would spend at least 2-3 days at Disneyland.We had a small hiccup at the beginning of our stay, as the hotel car services didn't meet us at the airport as promised, but we quickly got the resolved and only lost about 30 minutes.The staff at the hotel is very friendly, speak excellent English and our very kid friendly. Especially at the kids play center, which is one of the best features of this hotel for families with kids. We have previously stayed at Marriott Vacation Club hotels because of the great kid centers they have, and found the one at the Disney hotel a pleasant surprise. Our daughter made friends with a number of the staff at the kids center and really enjoyed playing there everyday. There is no similar service at the other Disney hotel in Hong Kong, even though they advertise a similar service.The biggest problem with this hotel is a real lack of western friendly food services, which is also a serious problem at Disneyland. The hotel has no room service and of the four on-site restaurants only the pool-side restaurant is any good. The main restaurant (Chef Mickey) is a buffet and has very little good western food at either breakfast or dinner. The lounge restaurant only had a set menu, which didn't appear to include anything decent and the cafe was only reasonable for breakfast.This hotel is also really lacking a convenience store, which is pretty common at hotels in China/Hong Kong. There are drinks available in the Toy store, but the selection is limited and there are no sundries available.The service here was excellent, including the use of the hotel car to and from Disneyland, which we got because of the mix-up at the airport.Many times during the week the Disney characters were at the hotel (including Goofy, Chip  Dale, Donald, etc.) and they spent a fair amount of time roaming the hallways, going outside and at the kids play center.I would strongly recommend this hotel to families with small kids, for the great location, excellent kid friendly staff and the kids activity center. But if you don't like Chinese food you should prepare to eat elsewhere or be frustrated.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>working_dadPI
<Content>Thanks for the experience My family, myself, my wife and 3 children, stayed for a day, for a long overdue vacation. Other than the hotel having so many guests, the entire experience was nice. There was a line at the reception area. With the date we had choosen, the week between Christmas and New Year, a peak tourist season, this is understandable. Considering the long line of people ahead, it only took us about 15 minutes to have ourselves checked in. The staff are very courteous. The staff took all the trouble to make our stay memorable. Calling a bellboy to take down laguages during the checkout needs improvement though. We decided to take all of our laguages down as no bell boy came after 30 minutes. Whatever shortfall caused by the bell boy was more than made up for by the reception staff, the waiters, the cleaning ladies, the shop sales people and all the rest of the staff we met. In all, a nice service Disney should keep up.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Dentelle
<Content>Mickey Mouse heaven!!!!!       the sunrise view from the room  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>beenbelem
<Content>beautiful hotel Had a one night layover in Hong Kong, we chose the Hollywood Hotel and what a beautiful hotel it is. We were both impressed by every aspect of the hotel, the lobby is beautiful, the staff courteous, the room impressive, we were on our way to Manila ,so it was our loss to be there just one night. It was much nicer than the the Manila Peninsula! The taxi from the airport cost 145 HKD. We were airline staff and they gave us the room for 97 USD in late October.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Fussyman
<Content>Great Hotel  I stayed there with my wife and 5 years old girl from 21-23rd Nov. From Disney MTR station, we took a free short shuttle bus ride to the hotel. We arrived early at around 1pm and was only able to get the non-smoking room ready by 2pm plus (this is a popular Disney hotel with many families). Yes, you will find all the Disney Mickey's imprints in the room - window, toothbrush, shampoo - the kid just loved it. What impressed me most was the staff attentiveness to details. On the first night, we put a chair next to the bed to prevent my daughter from rolling off it... On the second day whhen we came back from Disneyland, the housekeeping already installed a bed railing without any prompting from us. Now, that's is service excellence!This is a great hotel with happy staff. It is big enough for a family of four. Chinese food in Disney Hollywood Hotel and Disneyland Hotel are very good (expect to pay higher prices but beats travelling out to eat). The morning breakfast at Enchanted Garden (located in Disneyland Hotel - not Disney Hollywood) with Disney characters is average (limited buffet spread). If you must log on to internet, bring your laptop along and hook it in the room. Buying a 15 minutes internet usage at the reception area's computer room will set you back $10 Singapore dollars!Stayed for two nights - which entitled me a free entry pass to Disneyland Park. You really should consider staying in the hotel because it will allow you to visit Disneyland on two days (back to back). On 21st Nov, it was the last day of Autumn's presentation at Disneyland. On the 22nd Nov, the whole park transformed into Christmasy mood with a spectacular Christmas Snow Parade and the light-up of Cinderella Castle (simply magical as claimed!).Yes, HK Disneyland is small and with less thrilling rides but it is just about right when you have small kids around who are too young for thrilling rides and can't walk that much...  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>paperpower
<Content>A surprisingly enjoyable time My family visited HK Disneyland in early November. We had a lovely stay at the Disney Hollywood Hotel. We had 3 kids with us, and we were given (as we had asked) a room with 2 double beds AND a crib that accommodated us all very comfortably. We were also upgraded for free from garden view to sea view upon check in, without us asking. (It was low season.) As the hotel is fairly new, everything was in great shape. The room had coffee/tea making facilities (good if you need to make milk, boil water for kids) and a fridge. Ample towels, pillows, blankets (including in the crib). Very comfortable.Buffet breakfast at Chef Mickey was pleasant. It was about as good as hotel buffets go -- which is to say, don't expect gourmet food, but nothing to complain about. Wide range and quite edible. In fact, the kid in me loved the Mickey-shaped butter and choc-chip cookies, which were excellent!There is a sort of kids' play room, called the Malibu Toy Shop. It's great and has activities for the kids throughout the day. It's slightly to the back of one wing of the hotel, so don't confuse it with the REAL toy shop upfront, like me. Our first night there, my kids wanted to listen to the bedtime story-reading, so we trooped into the toy store in front. Of course there was no reading going on, and for whatever reason (language I think) the store assistant had no clue what I was asking. After 5 min of exasperation I looked up at the store name and realised we were in the wrong place. We were duly directed to the Malibu Toy Shop and the kids were happy again.It was too cold to swim, so much to my kids' disappointment we had to give the pool a miss. But I'm told it's heated -- and must have been cos there were a few crazy folks looking quite comfortable in there even on a chilly windy day. Well, at least until they got out of the pool! I also want to add, for the benefit of anyone who might be like me and is put off by the colour scheme of the hotel in the pictures, that the hotel looks much better in real life! The colour scheme can sort of pass for the Art Deco feel the hotel is supposed to have. Lastly, in case anyone's interested in a change of scenery from the park, there is a mall at both station stops on either direction of the Tung Chung line. The Tung Chung stop has a huge outlet mall -- Nike, Reebok, Esprit, Timberland, Body Shop etc -- and while I didn't visit Tsing Yi, it looked like a huge suburban mall. We went out mainly to try some local food and even if it was just Cafe de Coral, we were quite happy : )  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Blueysmrs
<Content>Excellent Stay Wow. We have just come back from a three night stay and had an excellent time. We (4 adults  4 kids aged 3 and 6yrs) arrived at the Hotel at 9.00am after an overnight flight (no sleep) to find our rooms were ready and we could check-in immediately. The room was really quiet and we could set the air-con to our preferred temp. What a lovely surprise to find 'mickey' slippers which we were welcome to keep. Bathrobes (even for the kids) were a great touch too. The room was very clean and we could close the curtains and block out the light to sleep. The hotel service was perfect - very friendly and efficient. Even the ladies that did the rooms would ask what time you would like your room cleaned. Our kids were made to feel special - always chatted to and forever being handed Disney stickers. Goofy was always hanging around which the kids loved. There was a kids TV lounge, a 'kids club' where you could go and colour in, play games etc. and each day there were various organised activities for the kids. The pool was brilliant - loved the waterslide - and the water temp was 28 degrees. Great spa too. And there was always a couple of lifeguards around the pool - even at night (pool was open until 10pm). The hotel had three different places to eat (a snack bar with things like salads and sandwiches, a bar that had meals and the buffet restaurant). All we could say about the buffet dinner was yum yum yum - it was excellent. There is also a shop with Disneyland souvenirs etc. The shuttle bus is very regular and only takes a few minutes to get to Disneyland / MTR station. We got a taxi from/to the airport - easy and cost about HKD$130 each way. We loved our stay here and will definitely be back.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jlimYVR
<Content>Malfunctioning Air Conditioner Unit Ruined Our Stay Here's what I wrote to Disney's Hollywood Hotel:Dear Hong Kong Disneyland Hollywood Hotel,I booked a one night stay to treat an important guest at Disneyland Hollywood hotel on 23 October 2007. The room numbers I had paid for was 7697 and 7699, the former was booked for my guest.This exercise had proved to be a very embarrassing episode for me since Disneyland Hollywood hotel provided my guest with a room with a malfunctioning air conditioner (A/C) unit. Instead of providing my guest with a new room with a fully functioning A/C unit when my guest first complained about the problem to the front desk, he was asked to wait for more than an hour to make sure the unit had been fixed in his room after a technician who seemingly didn't know what he was doing came over to fix it.After an hour had passed, the night manager came to check the A/C unit for the second time after another complaint to the front desk was lodged by my guest who told it that he cannot sleep because the unit was still malfunctioning.The whole episode eventually resulted in my guest being given a new room with fully functioning A/C unit, but at the cost of:1. Losing a seaside view2. Having to wait until 2 AM in the morning before given a new room3. Having to endure the inconvenience of dragging his luggage and all his other belongings to the new roomThis kind of treatment by international establishment such as Disneyland Hollywood hotel is simply unacceptable. My guest should have been given the replacement room with fully functioning A/C unit without having to wait several hours when he first complained about the malfunctioning A/C in his room. This would have been a nicer way of treating a valuable guest by any standard. Instead he lost several hours of sleep, and further exacerbated by his having his morning breakfast period cut in half because he couldn't wake up on schedule. And as a consequence, his whole morning schedule at the Disneyland park was left in tatters.When I spoke to the day-shift manager regarding the bad experience the next morning, all my guest and I got was an unsincere apology followed by an offer for a can of Disney's cookies (which we politely refused to accept). What a dissapointment. An episode such as the one described above would have resulted in a more sincere form of apology in other Disneyland resorts such as the ones in North America.Needless to say, I had to make up for the unpleasant experience my guest had to endure in other non-Disney treatments.All I can say is Hong Kong Disneyland Resort has a long way to go when it comes to learning how to treat their customer right.Sincerely,JL  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	5	4	5	3	1	

<Author>AltaMales
<Content>Loved the Hollywood This was the first Disney experience for my partner and I, and the second for our friend and her daughter. All of us were thrilled with the Hollywood Hotel. I noticed some cynicism in previous reviews, so I intentionally chose to just take it for what it is and have some fun, and fun is exactly what we had! Yes, it's kind of over the top, but that's what Disney is all about.We arrived in Hong Kong late at night and rode the MTR to the theme park. There is frequent shuttle service from the park to the hotel. Check-in was friendly and fast, and we bought our day passes for the park at the hotel. The room was spacious, perfectly maintained, and very comfortable. We ate 2 meals at the buffet restaurant, which had good quality Asian and Western food. Although the food was expensive for Hong Kong, it was much cheaper than what you'd pay at similar hotels in North America. The highlight (other than the theme park) was the hotel's pool. It had a small water slide and hot tub, and we spent quite a few hours splashing around.Our friend who'd previously visited Disney World in Florida felt the quality of this hotel far exceeded the Disney hotel she stayed at in Florida. She also found it a lot more affordable, and with much better food.A couple pieces of advice - if you're flying in, don't bother taking the MTR to the resort, just take a taxi. It cost 4 of us less to take the taxi to the airport than it did to take the MTR in from the airport. Also, I wouldn't recommend staying at this hotel if you're planning on spending most of your time in town. The theme park is on the MTR, but it is a bit of a long ride AND you then need to take a shuttle bus to the hotel.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nondee
<Content>nice big hotel with lots of activities       rooms sea view  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>The_Ginch
<Content>Great, if a little cheesy, experience We (me, wife and two children aged 1 and 3) stayed here for two nights and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. If you ignore the fact it is Disney it is a good quality four star hotel, the Disney part means everyone is extra friendly and the service excellent plus there is a huge amount of things to keep the children happy. We had a park facing room (upgraded from garden view - a nice touch) but there is no reason to spend the extra unless you want to see the fireworks from your room.The shuttle services laid on are very frequent and the park only five minutes away. We had the buffet breakfast (OK) and the evening buffet which was excellent.Very comfortable and efficient hotel and a strong recommendation  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Indriani
<Content>Nice Hotel Read some bad reviews about this hotel, but decided to try it. It turns out to be a nice hotel, the twin bed is big, big enough for 1 adult  a child to sleep comfortably.The bathroom is quite small, but clean  has lots of mickey decoration..No view whatsoever, but anyway we're only there to sleep, so no big deal for us.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Aileen
<Content>Loved it What a great place to stay. Was pleasantly surprised. The check in is a breeze, the staff are extremely helpful and inform you of all the current promotions and discounts available.The room was fabulous two large very comfortable beds and lots of great touches.The food at Chef Mickey was fine, and outstanding at the Chinese restaurant at the other Disneyland hotel.Disneyland its self was great, fairly quiet no lining up for rides. The evening parade and fireworks where spectacular. The food at Disneyland was also fabulous and not the overpriced garbage we are used to at tourist attractions or sporting events.Highly recommend staying at this Hotel.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ChelseaPortElizabeth
<Content>What a great place to stay! We stayed for 8 nights at the Hollywood Hotel and were so pleased that we chose this hotel. We are a family of 6 with four children aged from 21 through to 10. The hotel was fantastic and gave us connecting rooms, with the two older children staying in one room and my husband and I with the two younger chldren in the other.We flew from South Africa - a long flight of over 15 hours - and they were fantastic ... they allowed us early check in so we were able to have a bath and freshen up before we hit the town.It was a long way out from central Hong Kong but we found it absolutely no problem. The shuttle to the park runs almost continuously and we would just take the MTR (using Octopus cards - much cheaper version) and hit the town!We used the stay and play offered and got one free day in Disney. We had an absolute ball!The staff at the hotel is amazing. Every single one of them is friendly, polite and full of smiles. Nothing is too much trouble for them.We would definately returnn to the Hollywood hotel. Wow, what a great place to stay for a family holiday.Thank you for a holiday of our dreams!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hweeyong
<Content>Just next to the Disneyland! Just returned from Hong Kong with last 1.5 day in Hong Kong Disneyland. We (my wife , 2 kids and myself) stayed in this hotel on 18-19 Sep 2007. We were quite pleased with the stay as we we were given the highest floor (7flr) and early check-in (11am)  late check-out (1.30pm). May be it was off-peak. Rooms were big enough to fit all of us with a baby cot nicely slotted in between the 2 twin beds. The hotel staff even brought us a bathing basin for the baby when they fixed up the baby cot while we were enjoying ourselves in the disneyland park. The hotel had great park just right below the rooms. Shuttle bus to the disneyland park run from ard 9.45am to 10pm every 10-15 min. The ride to disneyland park is ard 5 min, great convenience if u travel with kids. If you want to explore the more expensive disney's hotel next door, u can hop onto the 24hr shuttle bus too. However, expenses like food and drinks are in general higher here comapred to Hong Kong Island or Kowloon area.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Noraini
<Content>Great getaway       at the back of the hotel  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Strabo
<Content>Great Disney hotel experience This was our first time in a Disney Hotel. Room was spacious by Hong Kong standards  well appointed. We had 2 double beds which was perfect for our family of 2 adults  2 kids.Loved that there were enough toothbrush sets, towels,  even kid-sized bedroom slippers  bathrobes. Toiletries had Mickey shaped lids. They also provided a small pink face towel folded into a mouse, complete with stickers for eyes, etc!We booked the Stay  Play package where we got a 2 day pass for the price of a 1 day pass. We arrived at about 10.30am  our initial plan was to check in but leave our luggage with the concierge, then scoot off to the Park. However, we were pleasantly surprised that our room was actually ready for us! Service was courteous  helpful.We checked out the swimming pool the next day. It's actually a heated outdoor pool  there's this board to inform you the temperature of the pool water  the nearby jacuzzi as well!!! The waterslide was fun for the kids. They also had flotation devices for kids who aren't so sure in the water. A couple of lifeguards were on duty.Check out the next day is 11am. There are long queues at both the check out counter  the concierge (to leave your baggage). If this bothers you then I suggest you check out earlier!If you need retail therapy, take the train to Tung Chung MTR Station  there's a new outlet mall just outside called Citygate Outlets. There's also a supermarket in the basement.Our whole family enjoyed our stay  will definitely return the next time!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>TheMcs
<Content>A good five star Excellent hotel of a very high standard we also stayed at the Disneyland hotel but thought this was much nicer, as it was more peaceful and the main restaurant food was slightly better. The service and standard of accomodation is that of a good five star. It has a great pool and nice grounds. The food in Chef Mickey is outstanding. We could not believe this was a Disney hotel, it knocked spots off the Euro Disney hotels I've stayed in. It would be quite easy to base yourself there for a while as there is a shuttle bus to the park where there is an MTR station.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>.*.lisa*ma.*.
<Content>great hotel we stayed with our 2 children age 12 and 9 very clean lovley hotel pleanty of space in the room, fab pool the free bus runs very couple of minuits to disney land and the train station so you can easly go and explore hong kong .What great holiday would recomend this hotel to anyone  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Pepperoo
<Content>Great hotels for families!       simple toiletries  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>astrochichi
<Content>Hollywood hotel Hong Kong       Hollywood Hotel view from seaview room top floor  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pinkbanana
<Content>awesome disney experience What an amazing hotel. My husband, me and my two children 15 and 12 stayed for 2 nights in March. We absolutely loved it. The foyer was beautiful with statues of Mickey Mouse, check in was easy and staff very friendly. Rooms were clean and sprinkled with disney touches like the shower curtain, tolieties, pictures on walls etc. Rooms were perhaps a bit small with not a lot of room to move, but this didn't bother us at all. The outdoor pool and spa were great, my kids loved the water slide. The breakfast buffet was very nice, even the waffles were shaped of Mickey. The evening food was a bit expensive but if you eat in the park it is a lot cheaper. There was a free bus every 15 minutes to and from the park and we never had to wait for more than 5 minutes. It is a little out of Kowloon so really suited if you want the whole Disney experience. We loved Disneyland Hong Kong and would absolutely have no hesitation in staying here again.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>frozenheart
<Content>Perfect Experience My brother and I stayed here for the last night of our 4D/3N tour...our experience was awesome! from reception we were given an upgrade to a seaview room...we stayed at the 9th floor...the hotel staffs were all so friendly...check in was no hassle and check out you just have to go down your room at 11am nothing more to ask or do unless you avail of the internet connection etc, then you just leave your stuffs and go back to the park for another fun day...  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Trip_Member82
<Content>Great theming       Bedroom  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	4	5	3	2	4	

<Author>beaverwillows
<Content>OverpricedDisneyHotel Stayed at Disney Hotel with family. Place was 100% full, and the hotel did not have the resources for so many bookings. Several hours in line to check in, no porters for bags, rooms are small and noisy, no room service or any extras.Kids loved the setup, and surroundings however as adults paying A$300 per night, would not recommend more than one night experience  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	4	3	1	1	1	

<Author>MrHobbs
<Content>the kids will love it Upon returning to HK this time I took time to take the family to Disneyland. We stayed two nights at the Hollywood.I had read all the reviews and quite frankly the bad ones didn鈥檛 deter me. It鈥檚 a given that theme park hotels world wide have some basic problems. These include the sheer volume of guests from various diverse locations from around the globe and a price point on most items you would never pay in the real world. You mix this with the fact that typically the facilities large, rooms are small and the staffs not the main attraction and you have a fairly soulless environment. I had no expectations; I went for the little one and for the theme park. The hotel, visually, is very memorable and finished in a 鈥渃omplete鈥?manner. As mentioned in previous reviews, even the toiletries are packed and presented in a Disney style. Little robes and slippers for the kids and large ones for the adults.The main external feature to the bay side of the hotel is a pool facility with a slide and designed in a manner so that the depth is conducive to the little ones.The pool was a welcome break in the evenings, complete with very observant and ever present life guards.Some practical facts to know; There is no room service and all food comes from one kitchen, so the various themed 鈥渞estaurants鈥?do share common food items. A can (glass) (330-360ml) of beer will cost $60-65HKD. Put that in context, if you are new to HK / China, that same beer in HK will cost you approximately $4-8HKD depending on the source. Food and drink brands are also very limited. (Think about bringing stuff in for your stay) The rooms are no more or less noisy than other hotels I have stayed in. (maybe it鈥檚 the type of patrons and the long corridors?) The room size is typical (yes small) but typical. Shuttle buses to and from the park are clean and efficient at all hours.Ultimately, I enjoyed the stay, it鈥檚 not an environment I personally liked but my kids loved it. The hotel, in all facets functions well and 2 nights was the maximum required for our needs. Staff were friendly and polite. If you want greater food and accommodation choice and better prices stay in HK and take the MTR (25min from the island) in and out each day.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>millypoppymo
<Content>fanastic experience!       gardens  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>maryval
<Content>Be a child again!       sea view from our hotel room  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tivogirl
<Content>Incredible themeing, amazing service, perfect location       Large amenity kit  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tarte
<Content>We felt like celebrities Gorgeous. My family and I stayed at the Hollywood hotel for 2 nights and it was the most memorable part of our trip to Hong Kong. On arrival back from China to Hong Kong we were picked up by Disneyland limos and dropped right at the door. As soon as we stepped out of the limo staff were there to take our bags. We walked up to the desk and were then suprised with an extra days free park tickets! Check in was easy and simple and we also exchange the rest of the chinese money we had left. We booked two rooms as we had 6 people (3 kids, 1 teen, 2 adults). At first I was abit disapointed to be staying on the ground floor (I wanted to ride in those mickey elavators, damnit!), but the rooms were amazing and the pool was a short walk away. The grounds there are simply stunning and we spent our last day there relaxing in style. The staff were so helpful and the pool was gorgeous! We must have spent 5 hours at the pool at least. It has a waterslide, a 'whirlpool' (steaming spa), a bar, plenty of loungechairs, showers, STUNNING bathrooms (with toilets that are automatic flush, hehe). Plenty to keep the kids entertained for hours while you relax after a long day at disneyland. Goofy also comes swimming in the pool, great photos!In the hotel there are 2 disneyland shops with exclusive merchandise and also 3 or 4 food places. The food was the best at chef mickeys and if you are staying there the buffet dinner is devine with lots of western food and also alot of traditional food.This is a hotel where you don't want to get out of your rooms for the whole day. You could spend a day just at the hotel and I must say that having our last day in Hong Kong spent at the hollywood hotel relaxing was the best day we had there. It felt great just to relax, yet also have some fun! We went to disneyland to pick up the last few souviners on our last day there and came back and chilled before the long flight back to australia.The shuttle bus from the hotel takes you straight to the park and they run quite frequently. Overall, our trip to the hollywood hotel was amazing. We were treated like celebrities every step of the way and nothing was to must trouble. I really don't know why this hotel has so many bad reviews! It is a must do on your trip to Hong Kong. I would not reccomend staying at the other disneyland hotel, we heard a few horror stories from people we met around the park about it and to tell you the truth, it didn't look that appealing. Stay at the hollywood hotel, it is better than hollywood itself!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>WORLDTRAVELLER6
<Content>Don't Stay Here I have not long returned from my stay at Disneys Hollywood Hotel in Hong Kong and I am writing this in the hopes that other people will not experience the terrible stay I had and chose to stay elsewhere.The rooms are absolutely terrible and so small, you can hear every word in the next room and it is impossible to get any sleep with all the noise as the walls are so thin and the bathroom is so small you cannot even sit on the toilet and close the door properly. It is like one of the cheap 2 star Hotel rooms only it costs so much more than one of those rooms.The staff are very rude and unhelpful and do not understand anything you are asking for.My room was left not cleaned properly as they did not throw away my takeaway food for 3 days which was terrible.Even trying to ask for something as little as soap for the shower was so hard for them to understand. They continually called me MR when I am a woman which was infuriating.There is no room service or conceirge which makes things very hard also. The Hotel is not cheap to stay at, having paid over $300 AUD a night, yet they do not have the little luxuries that the price you pay should have and to buy any of the food from the restaurants is far too overpriced, but there is really no choice if you want to eat. I was very disappointed and will not stay there ever again. There is another Hotel in Hong Kong Disneyland which is just so much better and nicer and much more efficient and I would recommend people to chose that one and NOT DISNEY'S HOLLYWOOD HOTEL, In writing to the Guest Communications Manager about how disappointed I was they have been very rude and unhelpful once again. I work in the Travel Industry and travel all over the world so please DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL. It is not worth the money.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Boleh
<Content>Good but Clueless Staff Its a beautiful hotel, thoughtfully fitted. Love the cute mickey theme eveywhere including the toiletries! Had a bad time checking in. The staff tried to be helpful but were simply hopeless. I booked for a party of 9. We came in 3 groups of 3, 5 and 1. Oh, that was too much for them to handle. First they couldn't find our reservation because the group of 3 tried to check in instead of 9. Then, having shown them the passports, confirmed the names, they insisted all must check in at same time. Those who come early must wait for the rest to catch up. Ever heard such ridiculous idea? Took us quite some time but they finally saw sense and all problems were forgotten when we reached the rooms. Large, beautiful and well furnished. Service - great. Breakfast - good variety but always the same. By 3rd day the kids were whining for MacDonalds! Travel to Disney park or the city - So convenient and cheap by MTR.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	1	4	-1	

<Author>air12789
<Content>Very Bad Hotel i was at the hotel last aug06 with a group of 40 guest, they treated me very bad one day at the night around 11.50pm they called me from the reception to pay some money i mean they didnot wait till morning thats really bad, sales dept. also very bad no customer service at all.i dont recommend any one to stay at this hotel.when i ask for the genaral manager to complaint they talled me he is busy!!!!by the way im the office manager at the biggest travel agent in my country, i already adviced the travel agent here not to deal with hotel even send any guset.today i recived an over to upgrad my room next vist.........do you think that i will stay at this hotel!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!no way  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>jhonydh
<Content>Good hotel if you plan to visit Disneyland Hotel Me, my wife and children age 13 and 6 stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. The facilities are basic but clean. We stayed at Garden View room at 9th floor, but luckily have window from where we can see the sea. The double beds were small, so it is not comfortable to sleep with your kid in the same bed.It is easy to go and come to Disneyland theme park as free buses are provided for hotel guests.As moslem, our very problem with the hotel is food. Food provided are mostly chinese food which contain porks. Western food are rare. It is also impossible if you want to eat outside since the hotel is situated in resort at a distance area of Lantau island.If next time we will go to Disnleyland Hong Kong again, we think that would better stay at other hotel in Hong Kong island.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>travelplanners
<Content>a must stay! we stayed one night with our 9 and 5 yrs old daughters and they simply love this hotel. the room is big and clean they enjoyed the pool and I cant believe the park is so spacious and nice. If you want to save some cost is better to bring your own snacks and drink for the kids during your stay there. Plus the hotel is having  stay one night and play for 2 days promotion for international guests which means you get a second day pass to Disney for free. I highly recommend anyone going to Disneyland to stay at least one night here is all WORTH it as I understand that other Disney's park hotels are much more pricey.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fun except for the bedbugs! We have just returned from a 4 day holiday to HK Disneyland. We stayed at the Disney's Hollywood hotel which was pretty and interesting for the children. The play area was great and the pool quite inviting despite the rain. The food is reasonable, enough to keep the kids happy. After 2 meals though, you'd want to try something else. We stayed on the 8th floor, garden view. We occupied 7 rooms as it was a reunion of sort for my family celebrating my mother's 60th birthday. Sadly, I ended up seeing the dermatologist upon my return to my country as I was full of bedbug bites (31!) on my legs and arms. Everyone in my family had flea bites including my 10 month old baby, 3 year old son and a 6 year old daughter. Other relatives who stayed in the 6 other rooms also had bites. Shocking for a Disney hotel!!! I expect a lot better sanitation from Disney. It would have been a memorable vacation except for the bedbugs!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We went swimming with Goofy!   showReview(5056821, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Tricia_Mendoza
<Content>Great experience for kids!            
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>we_bk
<Content>A Great Hotel   showReview(4998443, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>impulsetraveller
<Content>Wow! Well worth it!       Mickey Mouse cookies  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>stevetennantinhk
<Content>Hollywood comes to Hong Kong   showReview(4316339, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Emilia79
<Content>Fantastic Hotel       Mickey Shaped Garden  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>r10623
<Content>New clean hotel, OK service   showReview(4077700, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>AceTripper
<Content>Not for vegetarians   showReview(4047109, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kat33
<Content>Great ambience and attention to detail       The Hotel at night  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉熴儍銈兗   showReview(22855924, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹舵棌銇фソ銇椼倎銈嬨儧銉嗐儷   showReview(22855286, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TDTJ
<Content>銉忋儶銈︺儍銉?銉涖儐銉?#x201d;       銉涖儐銉伄閮ㄥ眿  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	2	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>銇傘倝銇勩亹銇?> 銇傘倝銇勩亹銇?</a> </div>
<Content>銉囥偅銈恒儖銉笺儠銈°兂銇с仾銇忋仸銈傛ソ銇椼倎銇俱仐銇?#x201d;       銉囥偅銈恒儖銉笺€€銉忋儶銈︺儍銉?銉涖儐銉?/a>  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>kotamiki
<Content>瀛愰€ｃ倢銇獹OOD鈾?#x201d;       瀹ゅ唴  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>搴冦亜鑺濈敓銇屻倛銇嬨仯銇熴仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19172960, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍊ゆ銇畨銇勩儑銈ｃ偤銉嬨兗鐩村柖銉涖儐銉仹good   showReview(19170756, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉囥偅銈恒儖銉笺伄銉涖儐銉仾銇仹銉汇兓銉?#x201d;   showReview(19167661, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹夈亜銇伀銆佽豹鑿仾銉囥偅銈恒儖銉笺儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19164365, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

