<Author>Pamela3Petal_MS
<Content>He Proposed!! My boyfriend told me to book a hotel and I have wanted to stay at the St. Louis for a while now. I could tell my boyfriend was up to something. I checked on the internet after much frustration with expedia.com I called the hotel directly. The reversation guy was very nice and upbet. I told him I had a feeling that he was planning to propose. Our room was beautiful, it was not a balcony room but it over looked a beautiful outside courtyard on Bienville He came up behind me after I had opened the window to the courtyard and from behind pulled the ring out and asked me to marry him. It was very romantic!!! Now the ONLY thing I can say bad which really isnt bad because I know New Orleans and Bourbon and if you are that close you should know to expect some noise level. So if you dont want noise and you want to turn in early for some reason (which i couldnt imagine why someone would want to go to bed early in NEW ORLEANS) bring some ear plugs! LOL I do have to say that I think the street cleaning guys where noiser than the partygoers!! WE WILL BE BACK SOON!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2009
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MaeMae58
<Content>Very Poor experience Well, my nephew was married last weekend and a great number of the wedding party and family stayed here. Some of the rooms were unclean, there was no heat in any of the rooms, in our room there was no phone and a number of us were double charged on our credit cards. Some of the charges were applied from the day BEFORE we even checked in. The financial manager had no sense of urgency to correct this problem. Restaurant service was slow and un prepared, although I will say the restaurant manager was extremely professional and cordial! The desk staff seemed very unprepared to handle a large group and of course the front rooms facing the street were very loud. Over all, I would not go back to this hotel and I think my sister and her wedding party certainly deserved much better for the money they spent. This is not a good reflection on New Orleans.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	3	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>RoundtheWorldJD
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised       Rest of the Suite  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	3	2	

<Author>dispatchc15
<Content>The Best Hotel Ever It was 4 of us, all women. The next day we was going a cruise and had a wonderful time. The night before the curise we wanted to stay in New Orleans. I book online a stay at the St Louis Hotel. The St Louis Hotel was the most wonderful Hotel I've ever stayed at in New Orleans. The staff went out of their way to make sure that everything was perfect. I have stayed in alots of hotels in New Orleans before but I will stay at the St Louis Hotel form now on. The staff was very friendly as if they have met us before. This is a excellent Hotel to stay at..PENNY WOODSBATESVILLE,MS  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AcademicEngland
<Content>Beware the Reception staff My wife and I were visiting new Orleans in October 2008 from the UK and because we had heard of the restaurant at the St Louis Hotel, we called in when passing to book a table. The two women at reception were exceptionally unhelpful and very rude and made us feel that we had no business even entering the lobby. We could scarcely believe this after many visits to the States and much friendliness, particularly as we had come in part to support the city's revival. When I asked to see the duty manager, this was refused and we had no option but to leave. We went instead to the magnificent Windsor Court Hotel and we would recommend others to do the same  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>nurselulu
<Content>Big Relief In The Big easy We hve just returned from a very deserved and long planned vacation to New Orleans over Halloween with our three grown daughters and sign. others. After booking and paying for our trip we read reviews on The Saint Lois in The French Quater of New Orleans, where we were to stay. We were thinking we had made a mistake by booking our stay there. We were pleasantly suprised. It was a great place to stay. The rooms were not only beautiful, they were very clean. We wanted to explore every inch of the historic establishment. We had a wonderful stay from the minute we walked in till the minute we checked out. The staff was very friendly and always available for assistance. The building is old, but thats part of the New Orleans experience. Historic. It was very well kept, and beautiful. Noise was not a problem, one of our rooms was on the front of the building next to the street, and closest to Bourbon Street, and still the only time we heard any noise from the streets was when we opened the windows. That was impressive to us on a busy Halloween weekend. We highly recomend The Saint Louis, and will be staying there again.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>PolStrel
<Content>Can't recommend it... The Saint Louis is ver well located, not the best, but nice building, nice courtyard, not renovated but still attractive. But staff are very unfriendly, and the ammenities that are supposed to be available to guests are largely missing. High-speed Internet connection from all rooms? Just don't believe that. No Internet connection from my room (not even a desk), and connection from the lobby was not something I could call high speed... I had ben here pre-Katrina, and have very good memories. But next time I'll definitely look for some other place to stay!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	4	2	2	1	1	

<Author>SDMoosesGirl
<Content>Best Trip Ever I booked 3 rooms for 6 people going to N.O. to celebrate my 60th birthday. I have never stayed at this hotel, but LOVED it and will stay there every time I go to N.O.L.A., which is yearly. They upgraded my room to one with a balcony because it was a special event. All the rooms were clean and had antiques, very cozy. The beds had down comforters on them and not bedspreads. We had breakfast in the courtyard several mornings because it was so pleasant and pretty and the food was fabulous. On the weekend, there were two wedding receptions in the courtyard and heard guests saying what a beautiful setting it was for the event. The people working there were pleasant and polite and very friendly. They told us the best places to go for food, night life, etc. They are very proud of New Orleans.This was the best trip ever and I've been to N.O. 6 times. It is my favorite place to go and have fun. I am counting the days until October, 2009. I will be staying at this hotel for sure so at least I know that part of my trip will be perfect.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>tancate
<Content>Not friendly My husband and I stayed at the St. Louis Hotel in September 2008. The hotel was rather cute and clean but the reception staff were very rude and unhelpful.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	1	1	1	

<Author>terribluefire
<Content>Don't Stay Here!       Front of the Hotel  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>TroyF
<Content>After Katrina, they don't want us back...       Moldy carpet before cleaning  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	3	

<Author>MarriedaMarlow
<Content>Served Its Purpose My husband and I had reservations at the St. Marie Antoinette hotel but I guess they were overbooked because they sent us to the Saint Louis Hotel instead. We had friends staying at the Marie Antoinette and their room was horrible, so when we first walked into our room at the Saint Louis we were initially pretty happy. The room was very large and we had two large French doors leading onto a small balcony overlooking a courtyard. You can definitely tell that this is an old hotel. It wasn't gross-dirty, but it was musty and I kepy my flip flops on almost the whole time. Since we were visiting New Orleans to drink and have a good time, the hotel definitely served its purpose as a place for us to crash after late night bar hopping, especially since it's practically on Bourbon Street. Around 4 a.m. on Saturday night we awoke to what sounded like WWII right outside our door. We were able to fall back asleep but if you stay here definitely plan on hearing loud music, police sirens and screaming drunks right outside your window/door. Besides the noise, our stay at the Hotel Saint Louis was fine. If I could get the same price again I would probably stay here for another weekend of fun in New Orleans.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>NativeTexasGirl
<Content>Very pleased We only stayed one night here in August, because we decided at the last minute to go to New Orleans one day early, and our other hotel was booked. Both the night staff when we arrived and the morning staff when we checked out were very friendly. Our room was clean, and we were pleasantly surprised with the large double vanity outside our bathroom area. We stay in New Orleans quite often, and are used to small rooms; our room was larger than average. The hotel is convenient to everything in the Quarter, but is very quiet, and also has a very nice courtyard. When we checked out the next morning, I left my cell phone in the room. Before we were checked into our other hotel, the front desk staff had called our other hotel to let us know we left it behind. We are planning a trip back in January, and this is our first choice.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>faat1
<Content>Stay only if you absolutely have to. My husband and I stayed at this hotel for three nights because he had a work conference there. We had planned to stay a couple days before the conference began, but after reading the reviews for this hotel on TripAdvisor we canceled those first days and stayed at the Loews Hotel in the Warehouse District and I am glad we did. Our experience at the St. Louis Hotel was definitely mixed, with some very bad, unhealthy issues and some other things that were ok . Dealing with the front desk can be a challenge. It takes a bit of luck to actually speak to a live person. Often the phone goes unanswered. Once we checked in, we were given a room with a king bed that looked out on Bienville St. The room itself looked clean, the bed was firm, the bed linens were nice but stained and the air conditioner worked well. All the furniture pieces were fairly large but the room was small and there was only about a foot and a half between the tv armoire and the foot board of the bed so if you slept on the window side of the bed you had to be careful not to hit either furniture piece as you walked around. It also meant that the tv was fairly close to the bed. The bathroom is where the real trouble was. They had a large jacuzzi tub which was hard to step into especially if you are a shorter person. They do not give you full sets of towels. We had a large bath towel for each person but only one wash cloth and one hand towel. The towels were well worn and some were even torn. There was no soap dish and the soap continually stuck to the counter. They also gave no bath mat which made getting out of the tub quite dangerous. The worst part of the bathroom was the shower curtain which not only was broken and hung from the last rungs but also had a thick layer of mold from top to bottom, right where you pull the curtain closed. It was extremely bad and quite unhealthy for anyone but especially those with respiratory problems. The bathroom also had mold in several places up in the wall creases.The housekeeping staff does a good job of making up the bed and vaccuming the room but only superfiscially clean the bathroom. The sink was wiped clean, the tub was rinsed out but there is no way the mold on the shower curtain should have been allowed to remain. Others at my husband's conference had room problems worse than ours.We were understanding because this was right after Hurricane Gustav but it is quite obvious that these conditions are a common occurance at the St. Louis Hotel. The courtyard is nice but it is also very hot and they use large fans to cool the area which makes it quite loud and not very relaxing. Also, if you have a room closer to the Bourbon St. side of the hotel be prepared for loud partying most of the night. In addition, if you stay in a lower floor room near the courtyard you can hear the fountain all night.My hope is that we never have to stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	3	3	2	

<Author>kjunmama45
<Content>Welcome to St. Louis the Sauna First of all, let me make myself clear............I did not grow up with a silver spoon in my mouth. With that said, I want to inform anyone considering a stay at St. Louis Hotel..........DON'T DO IT!!!!!!!!!!!My family arrived for my nephew's wedding and was greeted with a rush of HEAT in the lobby. Being from south Louisiana, I dismissed it as the doors were opening constantly with guests arriving and leaving. When I walked in my room, it smelled of dampness with a hint of mold. The air conditioner was set as cold as it could be but it almost seemed cooler outside. Now, we're talking in the middle of August in South Louisiana!!!We were hungry but knew we were going to get some great food at the reception so we held out eating dinner. After the wedding, which was held in the beautiful courtyard, the food started coming out. It looked great so I fixed a fairly big plate. It was horrible!!! The only thing that tasted normal were the grapes and cubed cheese! I was so disappointed because the food is usually so good in the New Orleans area. I looked around at the plates of food left on people's tables uneaten! It was clear I wasn't the only one that didn't like the food.We went out on the town that night after the reception and after returning we discovered our key to the room did not work. We went back to the front desk and they re-keyed it without ever looking at ID's, asking my name, or anything. My son-in-law  brother each had a key to my room the next day to store their luggage after checking out and when they approached the desk clerk because the key did not work, the clerk reset their key without asking them for ID or name!!!When we requested towels, we were told the cleaning staff had gone for the day and there were none left. We were given hand towels to dry off with!Our room was never cleaned the next day----we had been gone ALL day touring and returned at 5:00. The toilet paper was never replaced, towels were not provided, the water-stopper in the tub had mildew on it, and the air never got cooler in the room.Naturally, it is located near Bourban Street so the noise from outside is quite loud. This was somewhat expected so I could not complain about that. If you're looking for a place to sleep peacefully through the night, DO NOT stay at St. Louis!!!There was a pretty good rate connected with the wedding we were attending there but we will NEVER stay there again, no matter what the rate!!!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>LoisIndiana
<Content>The Whole Truth I traveled to New Orleans from Chicago for my Wedding on July 19th of this year. I booked 2 rooms at the St. Louis Hotel in the French Quarter for my sisters who were my Bride Maids and Maid of Honor. I wanted to give them something special as a Wedding present from me. I saw the St. Louis Hotel on the internet and I thought this was a really luxury hotel and I was pleased with what I saw. Well, I was truly disappointed. There was no European luxury in this hotal at all. The first thing the door keys would not work properly. When they finally entered into their rooms with the help of the maid. The toilet was running in one room. One of my sisters called the front desk for maintenance to repair the toilet - who can sleep with a running toilet?? The beds were old and outdated. Don't get me wrong - I can appreciate Old World Charm. But, there was nothing charming about this place. The bathrooms was full of grime and muck in the corners. This display was shared by both rooms. The next day we were gone the entire morning. After we return to the rooms the maid service had not dress their beds nor cleaned the rooms. I booked this hotel from the internet and there was a 50% breakfast special for the St. Louis Hotel. The Manager Gerald informed us that it was for their sister hotel the St. Ann. Then they should have mentioned that on the Internet. This guy was not friendly or professional at all. Once again, disappointment - the Manager would not honor their own advertisement. The internet advertisment is a complete farce. The rooms and the lobby looks nothing like the pictures on the internet. The rooms are horrible and the Management a joke. PLEASE BEWARE!! Their advertising is a TOTAL lie. The only good thing about the hotel was the courtyard. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone. I give this place a one star.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	2	-1	

<Author>Chimborazo
<Content>Yuk! The room smelled awful!!!! I spent the night in this hotel after making an on-line reservation. WOW! It was by far the smelliest hotel room I have ever been in, and I have travelled to over 40 countries in all parts of the world. The room had no window or ventilation; the air condition poured water onto the carpet; and the mildew was suffocating. I could not realy sleep and the front desk said nothing else was available, so I just hung in there until early morning and then left. I informed the front desk in the morning and was told to inform the General Manager. I did so but despite voice mail, email and written communications, I never received any response at all. Apparently they consider this to be an acceptable room, but it was honestly the worst hotel room I ever ended up in. Never again!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	5	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>dpb132
<Content>Disappointing in all respects (Disclaimer before I begin: I am a regular business and leisure traveler and am generally easy to please when it comes to hotels. My negative review of this property really is objective, I hope.)Stayed one night (Saturday) at the St Louis because I was attending an evening wedding there in their courtyard. Arrived around 5pm to check-in. Garage is a bit confusing to find but it is connected to the hotel via a series of hallways. Overnight parking was $25, typical for the Quarter. So far, no problems.The fun began at check-in. I was given the keys to room 239 and told it was in the back of the property. Well...they weren't kidding. Past one courtyard, past another, on the second floor, through an unmarked door (really), and down another hallway. Once I found the room, the keys didn't work. I went back down to the desk where I was told the lock to that room had just been repaired. This time, the hotel clerk walked with me back to the room. Again, the keys didn't work. The clerk asked the woman staying next door (237) if I could enter into my room via the connecting door between 237/239, so I could at least get in and take a shower while they figured out the lock situation. No problem, she said - except that the connecting door was locked from inside 239. Hmm. At this point, the clerk suggested I *climb out onto the balcony and go into 239 through the window*. No I'm not making that up. So I went into room 237, past the stunned woman guest, climbed out her window, clambered across the balcony to the window of 239, and climbed in that way. (Hey, by this time I had to be at the wedding in 45 minutes and I needed to shower and get dressed, so I bit my tongue.)Now, it seems to me I should have been offered a different room right from the get-go. It also seems to me that no hotel clerk should EVER ask a guest to climb through a window to get into his/her room. But perhaps the St Louis Hotel's way of doing business is just a little different from the norm...More fun ensued throughout the night. I went to grab a towel off the towel rack and the whole thing fell off the wall. The room had no closet and no armoire, so no hanging up of a suit or anything. The room faced a busy side street off of Bourbon so the noise was consistent at all hours of the night. TV reception was fuzzy on all channels. No individual thermostat control in the room, just an overhead fan. Honestly, if it hadn't been for the wedding, I would have left on the spot. There is no way I would stay here again, for any reason.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	1	1	3	

<Author>thebeerhunter
<Content>Cheap rate, cheap room...nic tub though       twisted  broken shower curtain  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>Austinspirit
<Content>If you want French Quarter action, stay here! The hotel is about 12 steps to Bourbon Street, so if you are wanting a place close by stay here. Check in took awhile, for some reason they were having a shift change and we had to wait about 20 minutes. The room was beautiful and clean although there was not a remote for TV. The bathroom floor was very nasty, so make sure you wear your flip flops in there. We asked for more towels from housekeeping and she had none on the cart and would bring some but never did. In the mornings, they have breakfast in the courtyard and music is played early, it felt like it was 7:00 am or so. All in all, it was very convenient and affordable, the courtyard was gorgeous, I spent a couple of hours reading out there one day.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>arichardsonIP
<Content>Had a 60+ Group stay there. I would do it all over again My law firm held a conference in New Orleans for the first time and we decided, after some scouting, to settle on the St. Louis to host our conference and lodge our attendees. To be completely frank, when we read some of the old reviews on TripAdvisor (didn't know the site existed before this) we literally almost broke our contract, but I'm glad we did not. After speaking directly to the Sales Manager, Bonnie, to address our concerns over what we read I was guaranteed a great stay and that's exactly what we got. I do not regret a thing.The Hotel: I had visited New Orleans before and also previously stayed in the French Quarter, but never at the St. Louis. While doing research on the hotels in the area, I liked the St. Louis because it is located right off of Bourbon street, but not directly on the street itself . . . so you are steps from the fun but not in the 'midst of the madness' like some of the other properties that line the strip. However, to echo some of the other comments I've read, I will say that if you are looking for a 'quiet and relaxing' vacation I would not recommend staying in most of the hotels that line Bourbon St. The French Quarter (even post-Katrina) is literally loud and bustling 24 hours a day; if you've been to Vegas or Brazil/Trinidad during their Carnivals then you know what I am talking about. If you are looking for a nice/clean hotel to crash in that is centrally located with an some 'old world N.O.' charm (the property could use a spot of paint and a little TLC in certain areas), then I would definitely recommend staying there. This is not a slick-5 star boutique hotel (I have stayed at my share in NYC), but it most certainly has an N.O. charm and presence all it's own.Check-in: I had a huge group and the Front desk did everything possible to make sure the bulk of our attendees were lodged with a smile by their 4 p.m. check-in time, but the staff is small staff and can get easily overwhelmed. If it gets crazy, the front desk will check your luggage and tell you to come back a bit later as they get your room ready (I highly suggest grabbing a bite to eat or cocktail while you wait). The Rooms: We had a huge booking and, having done conferences before, I always expect the sh*t to hit the fan on the first day when Guests start to arrive. However, with the exception of one attendee who asked to be switched to a room with a balcony (she is claustrophobic), complaints about the rooms were virtually non-existent. The rooms were comfortable, clean and plush. I will say that as a guy I am not a fan of the bidets (is it a 'French' thing?) and would recommend that the hotel invest in bath mats for the bathroom (I layed down hand towels so the floor wouldn't get wet). During my initial scout of local properties, I found that many of the local hotels (even the extremely big ones) were still renovating/upgrading/repairing their properties almost three years after Katrina (which surprised me but then again many of the properties were old to begin with), so please keep this in mind and always remember to ask detailed questions when booking. When my group stayed there, the St. Louis was still upgrading the bedding to some of it's rooms. The regular bedding was comfortable enough, but the new more-plush bedding definitely made a difference in my opinion. I recommend room 320 (loved the location and balcony).- Food/Room Service: The food from the Louis XVI is impeccable! The staff is extremely gracious. One waitress in particular (I can't remember if her name as Angel or Angie) was truly outstanding. I was told that the restaurant has not re-opened for full service since Katrina and now only serves breakfast to guests as well as caters private functions at the hotel. This was the one real drawback for me since i would have loved to just ring-up for lunch (the food truly is that good). Louis XVI catered our function impeccably (Eugene is a godsend), but individual service can be slow especially when it's busy. But, truly, the restaurant/catering staff was extremely polite and welcoming (I had read as much in past reviews before I stayed there and was glad that my experience was similar). I would recommend eating or having catered events in their courtyard. It really did look like the pictures online when I was there.I would definitely stay at this hotel again. They earned my business. One thing I learned through this whole experience is to always ask detailed questions! Patience coupled with persistence and an even-tone can provide you with a positive outcome in most situations. However, I also observed while vacationing in the French Quarter that being a belligerent, drunk, 20-yr-old+ 'spring breaker' will get you no-where fast.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	2	5	-1	

<Author>djennings69
<Content>Excellent deal!! After being swindled by Priceline with their price-swapping manuevers, I wasn't sure what to expect with the hotel, but what a surprise! The hotel was indeed a half block from Bourbon, far enough away from the noise to be quiet yet close enough to be right in the middle of the action! The room was quiet and clean, everything that you need in New Orleans, and the shower was fine. And the staff was exceptionally friendly and competent, making sure that we had everything that we needed and even letting us stay an hour longer to check out since we were catching the train. The only complaint that I had is that I couldn't stay longer!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>beesknees0568
<Content>Good Price for Hot Location A group of 9 ranging from young to middle aged; we brought our family to visit the New Orleans area. Decided a Monday would be less crowded for a large group. Looked online at hotels and saw that by booking with the St. Louis you could have a complimentary drink and free breakfast; sounds like a great deal for a large family right? Not so fast. No drinks were issued because the lady at the front desk didn't know how to issue tickets. We checked in and found our room to have a very moldy stagnant odor but was lucky enough to be able to open the windows.The bathroom had these strange little bugs running around on the floor and the toilet had pubic hairs in the bidot (not sure if I spelled that one correctly). The bathroom floors were gross but we wore our flip flops to keep limited contact. The glasses in the bathroom had dried milk at the bottom of the glasses so they were not usable for our family.The hotel was aware that there would be 5 people to one room and 4 to another. That night we called down for extra pillows as there were two per bed. The staff said they didn't have anyone from housekeeping on staff to bring us extra. We asked if we could come to the desk to retrieve and they replied no, and they didn't think they had any extra.Then we called after discovering there weren't any extra blankets and were told there weren't any of those either.In the morning myself and two of my party went down for breakfast; we were greeted very warmly and given a menu. We discovered incredibly high prices for a very substandard meal and mentioned that we were told there was a free breakfast included. At that point the wait staff's attitude changed to very abrupt and we were told to go to the front desk for our meal tickets.The hotel desk clerk was on the phone on a personal call and seemed frustrated that her call was interrupted and said she didn't know anything about meal tickets. The wait staff proceeded to come in to the hotel area and tell her where to get our tickets. The hotel clerk asked how many in our group, although she was the same person I was greeted by the day before (and was on her cell phone then) and knew there were 9 of us. She stated that we could only have 4 meal tickets. I took our 4 meal tickets and went back to the patio area where we discovered our meal that would normally have been $12.95 was two eggs, two pieces of either bacon, sausage or ham and some toast. Our drinks were separate and a 15% gratuity was added in. Our meal was also not free, it ended up being $2 something per person. So for what we had, and had we not had the meal tickets, our meal for 3 came to over $60 before the guest discount.When the remaining group was up and ready, we mentioned the overpriced under choiced breakfast was not worth it or available to everyone so we all decided to check out and go elsewhere for their meal.The upside is the location. Right off Bourbon Street. The downside: the pictures on the internet and the over zealous phone operator who made promises without disclosing all the downsides of the freebies. The foilage throughout was lifeless. The staff was not very friendly or knowledgable or helpful. Would I stay there again? Maybe for the price of the stay, but for the ammenities, no way! We were told our parking would only be $15 a car and had we not reminded the staff, they were planning on our parking to be $30. A hint, make sure you bring up every single detail that was discussed on the phone. When on the phone make sure you ask if everyone in your party will be accomodated for; be very detail oriented.The room was shown as being a $155(ish) dollar a night room, I would have been very upset had I paid that price, we got it for $55, after taxes and parking, our room came to $86 a night, so again not bad for the location location location.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	5	2	2	1	3	

<Author>shoequeenjenny
<Content>St. Louis Courtyard is Perfect Wedding Location We selected the St. Louis Hotel for our wedding because of their beautiful intimate courtyard setting that can be tarped in case of rain. The prices were reasonable compared to other similar wedding venues so we booked our date and put down our deposit. Then, we read some not very good reviews of the hotel on line. We were unsure of our decision to say the least. However, if you are considering having your wedding here, I cannot recommend it strongly enough! The Catering Director, Rachel is great with terrific foll ow up, the food at the wedding was incredible and the staff took care of our every need. The courtyard is so beautiful at night. The majority of our guests stayed at the hotel and few had any problems. The rooms are situated on the courtyard so it felt like we were having a big family slumber party the entire weekend. And, I heard from several guests that the breakfast served in the courtyard was quite nice and affordable. The only thing I can say negative about the hotel was some of my guests had a hard time connecting with reservations to participate in our room block. One more suggestion: Request a room that is not right on Bienville for quieter nights. We loved the hotel and will definitely stay there on future visits to Nawlins.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>phoebetx
<Content>puddycat I have traveled to New Orleans several times a year for over twenty years and can only say that the city has recovered greatly since Katrina. I last stayed at the St. Louis Hotel in 2005 and found the service to be exceptional! After reading various reviews, I was hesitant about rebooking at this hotel. Here is what I found.Cons -The plumbing could be overhalled, but this is to be expected in older French Quarter hotels and I have experienced it at multiple locations. On the plus side, when our toilet backed up, maintenance responded within minutes and fixed the problem. Much to my chagrin the hotel restaurant, Louis IXI, is only open for breakfast since the hurricaine, this is a shame because the food was delicious. Luckily they still have eggs benidict on the breakfast menu. The waitresses were amazing, ask for Angel, but the service is slow. Overlall worth the wait and very relaxing in the coutyard early in the AM with a hot cup of coffee.Pros - The Linens were amazing!!! The bedding was a very high quality and consistently changed with daily turn-down service at no additional charge. The towels were of a similar quality, but I did not like the lack of cloth bath mats. You must use towels.The front desk staff seemed to have multiple personalities depending on whom you spoke to. The morning staff was always very congenial and helpfull, while the evening was somewhat indifferent. Lane and Wilber were absolutely delightfull and a wealth of information. Talk about southern charm!!!There are two beautiful courtyards and I love that the hotel is non smoking. The location is perfect, right off Bourban and Royal. I will definitely be back!  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Judy024
<Content>Great Choice! Stayed at this hotel and loved it! The atmosphere was the perfect French Qurater atmosphere -- with the most beautiful courtyard in the French Quarter. The price was perfect compared to some of the other French Quarter hotels, and when we walked out the door, we were in the heart of the French Quarter -- 1/2 block from Bourbon Streert. .  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TubbyTankers
<Content>Basic, but a good bargin and good location This hotel is located just off Bourbon Street in the french quarter - about 5 blocks from Jackson Square. While noise is an issue, you are just off Bourbon Street, I personally had no problem. You don't go to Bourbon Street/French Quarter to sleep. The rooms were clean and basic, but old. The bed was comfortable and the shower had good water pressure (we stayed in 310). The Courtyard is BEAUTIFUL. There was a wedding in the courttyard one night, which was very loud, but it ended at 11 PM. The front desk staff was either very nice and easy to deal with or completely rude depending on the person. The bell men were great and very helpful. The price is also good for the French Quarter, you can't beat the location. My advice is if you are in New Orleans to site see during the day/go out at night, this hotel is a good choice. If you are looking for a quiet, relaxing stay, with all the extras, you probably shouldn't stay here.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>toppw
<Content>Comfy Bed, Did not appear newly renovated to me. Staff not real helpful Booked through Bookit.com and got a great rate. My reservation said that I could check in at 3pm but the hotel said they do not check in until 4pm and they were still late checking us in. They kept saying the rooms were not ready yet. The funny thing is if you walk through the hotel you can see through windows at the cleaned rooms. The beds were made so how the hell could your room not be ready. Most hotels do not mind you checking in early but this one was a pain in the [--]. My reservation said I would pay $18.00 a day to park but the hotel said that was wrong. The price is $28.00 per day. Bookit.com did cover the difference in charges. Bookit.com was very friendly and helpful but the hotel was not. I think that is CRAZY to charge that much for parking. There was a point that we asked the night manager to put something in the freezer for us so that we could take it home with us. The idiot left the item out on the counter to deteriorate. I would stay here again if the price is right because it has a great location. I would not pay more than $85.00 per night though and I would try to get free parking.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hutchilbert
<Content>St Louis worst hotel ever The St. Louis in New Orleans was the worst hotel I have stayed in for many years. We were given Room 221 and told there were no other rooms available. The phone did not work, the air conditioning did not work, the bed was unstable, the matress was at an angle, only one light in the room worked, and the bathroom had mold on the tiles. We saw unoccupied rooms at 11:30 at night that clearly were still unoccupied at 8:00 the next morning, but they were unavailable to us because we had a discounted rate. Front desk staff was surly and totally uninterested in helping us. The valet parking attendant was very helpful and the only pleasant part of the hotel experience.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>bris2
<Content>Book online and get ripped off Do not book a room at the Saint Louis Hotel using the hotel鈥檚 website. In early March 2008 I booked a room for four nights for the last weekend of Jazz Fest. at the end of April. I was billed immediately for over $1,100. In mid-March I called to cancel the room to swap it for a cheaper room that had become available through a cancellation by friends booked at the same hotel for Jazz Fest. The front desk told me that this was not possible as I had booked during a special event. I was transferred to the reservations manager who was extremely rude and refused to provide an adequate explanation concerning this so called special event. She hung up on me when I called later attempting to discuss the issue.Repeated calls to the General Manager and Chief Financial Officer resulted in more refusals to refund my money using a different excuse. I am being denied, as according the hotel, I had opted for a 5% discount package that had a 鈥榥o refund non cancellable鈥?policy associated with it if selected on the website. I absolutely did not check this option.In early April, my friends cancelled their rooms in support of my dissatisfaction with the hotel鈥檚 behavior and without any problem as they had booked via the hotel鈥檚 telephone reservations office. So you鈥檙e OK if you phone and then cancel just do not book on line!Please note that the dates and comments shown for a stay in March are invented so as to be able to progress to the comments you are reading. However, we did stay at the sister hotel (St Ann/Marie Antoinette) last year with no problems apart from very slovenly front desk personnel.I have filed a complaint with the Better Business Bureau of N.O. but so far I am still out of over $1,100. See a very similar report about this hotel's management handling of a refund on this web site..  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Steelio75
<Content>Loud...Loud..loud Got this hotel at a great price on bookit.Good points...Location right off of bourbon...you are in the heart of the action.Nice setting...the hotel has a nice old world charm to it.great staff...friendly staffBad point....Try not to get a room right off of the streets, since your right off bourbon you will get alot of honking cars, and police sirensOn the weekends there are a lot of weddings, the noise level is loud and the rooms are not very sound proof...big draw back...and probably won't stay there again with family if I do go back.The final point, and it was a good one...they held my cousins wedding there and it was beutiful beyind words...wonderful.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	5	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>terrilyn65
<Content>What a Bargain!!! Booked through a discount company online. Paid $89 a night and got a free cocktail for 2 each night of our stay (3). Hotel is older but very quaint. Bed was very comfortable and room was nice. Close proximaty to everything in the French Quarter. If you are looking for a bargain - this is your deal! The courtyard is beautiful!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>1427MDF
<Content>Hotel Noisy INSIDE and OUT March 30th 2008As a native New Orleanian I am very familiar with the Quarter, it's hotels and resturants. Having moved 100 miles away in the 90's we go back for visits periodlically but had not stayed in the Quarter since prior to Katrina. I was very suprised to see so many negative reviews on the Saint Louis Hotel since we had stayed there in the past and knew the hotel and hotel restaurant, Louis XVI to be top notch.I decided to call the hotel direct and spoke with the reservation manager who promised that the reviews were incorrect to select a great room for us that she had persoally stayed in and loved. I asked several questions about service, noise, hotel cleanliness room conditon etc. and was assured that all was in order (other than the normal street noise we expected to hear), all was good and the atmosphere calm at the Saint Louis. WRONG!!!!!!!!!Now, the room (#219 averaged $150.00 per night) was fine and nicely updated except for the bathroom which was no big deal and really part of the character one expects in an older Quarter hotel. That's were the good news ends. If the reservation manager had stayed in this room, she did not sleep there since the noise from the street and the hotel itself was like Mardi Gras day outside your door and window.The staff was friendly, just not very helpful.So here's the breakdown..... We checked in and used the valet parking at $36 per day plus tips. We had dinner resevations Uptown for 7:00 so I called down at 6:00 to have the car brought around at 6:30. At 6:50 we got the car and hoped the restaurant would hold our reservation. Day 2: Called for the car at 9:00 am. to have out front at 9:30am. At 10: am had to walked the two blocks myself to get the car. When we arrived arrive back at the hotel at 8:00 pm, there was a reception which DJ in the courtyard which all hotel rooms surround. Music did not stop until 11:00 pm. Not sure which was worse, the street noise or the reception, but then the street noise goes on to about 2:30am.Day 3: Decided to have breakfast ( menu of about 10 items) at the hotel. There were only two other tables being used at the time we were seated and after 15 minutes of waiting, we ordered at 10:00 am. Then cook actually came out and sat down at our table to informed us that he had been having trouble' with making the Egg's Benedict all morning. We thought he was just joking. We then waited 35 minutes for our breakfast while others got served and the person we later discovered was the restaurant manager talked on the phone the entire time not 15 feet away from our table ignoring the world.. Finally, we inquired about our order to the manager and were told a few minutes later that we should just leave since the cook had already broken six eggs trying to make our order. GREAT, and when were we going to be told this if we had not asked?After a wonderful day of museums and shopping we returned to the hotel about 5:00 pm for a litte rest before going out to dinner only to find another function in the courtyard this time with a RAP DJ as entertainment and the bass and sound cranked to full volume. The door to our room was rattling from the sound. When I called down to complain, I was told that the party givers had paid a lot of money for the reception and had a contract. When I stated that hotel guests were paying a lot of money to have a pleasent exprience, I was basically told too bad, so sad. and offered two free voucher's for breakfast in the restuarant for our trouble. Thanks, but noooooooo. Been there, done that!Wait, it gets better, We left for dinner at 6:30 and returned at 9:45 only to discover an second reception with equally loud music and revelry that went on to mightnight. The only good news was the noise from the reception drowned out the noise from the street until midnight.So if you want a hotel that has that is both extremely loud from from inside and out, that doesn't care if their hotel guests are disturbed and considers them second class to reception guests, a hotel restaurant that can't make breakfast, then the Saint Louis Hotel is for you.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	4	3	3	1	3	

<Author>bluehawks47
<Content>Will look elsewhere We have been to New Orleans many times in the past, but never stayed so close to Bourbon. Yes, we were there for St. Pat's weekend, so we knew things might be a bit wilder. Our first night, we were on the 5th floor overlooking Bienville. Being so high up, I didn't think we would hear as much street noise......wrong!! Every car that drove by honked their horns or had their radio on full blast. I know this is not the hotel's fault, but there was no sound barrier at all!! We ended up moving to the 4th floor on the opposite side. Very comfortable bed and quiet. The room was OK, but not spotless. The bathroom looked like someone's home bathroom that hadn't been updated in 30 years. Our toilet became clogged in the middle of our 3rd night, so if we needed to use the restroom, we needed to go down to the lobby. I had a feeling that no one would come up and fix our toilet at 1:00 am. All in all, the hotel was very inexpensive, but I think I would rather pay a bit more and have a nicer experience. You get what you pay for.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>businesstravel15
<Content>Nice Hotel in the French Quarter I recently stayed at the Saint Louis for 3 nights. The hotel is nice, and conveniently located in the French Quarter. It is very near Bourbon Street. Bienville street (where the Saint Louis is located) is well lighted, and I felt safe walking from the hotel after dark. Hotel staff was helfpul and friendly. My room (302) was very nice. Overlooks Bienville street. (This can be somewhat noisy, but that can be expected in a hotel near Bourbon Street.) I used the hotel's valet parking service, which worked very well and was very convenient (it costs $33 per day, but parking in the Quarter is pricey, so this should not be unexpected). My room rate was $89, which was excellent compared to the nearby hotels. The hotel and my room were clean. All-in-all, very nice and a good choice.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>pittcon2008
<Content>Absolutely charming place Spent a week here while at a trade show at the convention center. The hotel was a relaxing oasis from the usual trade show hysteria. My room was quiet, clean and comfortable. The bed was pure luxury and I got the best nights sleep I've had in a while. I did not wake up in the morning wondering which Marriot in which city I was in - I knew right away I was in New Orleans. If you like or need the corporate sameness of a hotel chain then you may not like this hotel. If you want to experience the city you are in, then this is a great place to do it. The courtyard is hauntingly beautiful. Service is friendly and helpful. I will surely stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VespaTex
<Content>Great hotel for the price and location I HATE staying in the French Quarter, but I had a conference a couple blocks away and had trouble finding a hotel nearer to my venue. I booked this hotel and then got spooked after reading the reviews here, but didn't have enough time to rebook, so I took the risk. I am very happy I did. Yes, it is an older hotel (it's the French Quarter, people - this place is one of the older areas in the US!). Yes, the FQ does not have much parking and what is there is expensive. Yes, the FQ can be loud at night (this place was not!). Yes - if you go to the Quarter during Mardi Gras, you are in for chaos, wherever you stay. The room was fine, it was quiet (ask for a room facing the courtyard) and they responded immediately when I told them one of the lights in the bathroom was not working properly. The staff was extremely friendly and responsive. And for the price ($112/night) with the location right off Bourbon Street - and in addition to being QUIET!!!, this place is worth it! A lot of character and charm in here.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	2	4	5	

<Author>JeffandJen
<Content>The worst of Mardi Gras My husband and I went to Mardi Gras for the very first time this year. When I was searching hotels online, the Saint Louis looked to be the most reasonable, centrally located, and nicest property. The photos made it look beautiful! When we got there it was a completely different story! Our check in was good/effecient, parking was a nightmare (mostly due to it being Mardi Gras), and we were off to our room on the 4th floor. Once we opened the door, we couldn't believe this was the same hotel that was pictured on the website. It was a very dark room, with only 2 lamps and an overhead bulb. I don't think you could even read with that little light! Anyway we put our things down and inspected the rest of the room. The bathroom had a bidet, which was unusual, but it took up half of the bathroom!The shower was very old and made you want to shower in your shoes, and the toilet leaked so bad that the floor was constantly wet. Needless to say we didn't spend much time in our room after that. We tried to call for extra pillows and towels (like the sign instructed us to do) three times before giving up. They either didn't answer the phone, or they said they would bring them and never did. I even went to the front desk to ask for the pillows, watched her leave a note for the housekeeping staff, and still no pillows. But enough about the disgusting room, let's get onto the rest of the hotel. My husband saw a huge rat in the courtyard and when he told the front desk lady, she acted like it was an everyday occurance. The doorman was rude on multiple occasions to my husband for bringing in our cooler (standard practice during Mardi Gras). After we checked out and arrived home, we received an e-mail from them asking us to rate their service, but the link they sent didn't work. So, even though it was a good deal on paper, I would never stay in this hotel again. I just wish I would have taken pictures to share with everyone!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>Luv8jr
<Content>If you don't like sleeping with someone else's underwear, Beware of this hotel! So, I guess the saying You get what you pay for is true. I booked this hotel through Hotwire under a three star mystery hotel at a pretty reasonable price. I was leery of the hotel after reading bad reviews, but convinced myself to keep the reservation. I should have followed my instinct and picked a different hotel. On our first night in NOLA, we didn't get back to our room until really late and didn't pay close attention to the room. On awaking the next morning, we discovered we were in bed with someone else's dirty underwear. Obviously, the sheets hadn't been changed from the previous occupants and we were completely disgusted. I immediately contacted the manager and requested the sheets to be changed and the underwear removed from the room. No consolation was given except...Oh, we are sorry! I then attached a safety pin to the bottom of the sheet and left for the day to sight-see. When we returned to the hotel, we were assured that clean sheets were on the bed and the underwear removed from the room. Needless to say, the safety pin was attached just where I left it and the underwear had been placed in the closet. I travel to New Orleans at least twice a year and will never stay in this hotel again or recommend it. You want quality...try the Sheraton or the Royal Sonesta. You like germs...stay here.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>JohnCUpstateNY
<Content>Great location, but will not return to this service-challenged hotel Our reservation for two nights included breakfast and a welcome drink at a decent price. A great location only a block off Bourbon Street made the hotel seem too good to be true; it was.The hotel will charge you $28/day for parking at a nearby garage even though the garage charges $20/day if you come off the street. Not a particularly good deal, but not worth whining about either.The problems started with the first room we were given. The room greeted us with an orange-scented blast, strong enough to gag on. I'm not sure what the purpose of this odorizor is....to mask the smell of other odors that were in the room or to mask the smell of a pesticide that had been applied. Neither option was too appealing. In any case, we requested and were given a different room. That room also had the orange smell, but less overpowering than the first. We gave up. The free breakfast included in the price turned out to cost $11 a couple, as we were billed for 2 cups of coffee, taxes and a generous tip for very unwelcoming service.Upon returning to our room late in the afternoon the second day, we found that it had not been touched. We decided to live with the unmade bed, etc. but called to request new towels, and then left for the evening. Returning at 11PM, still no fresh towels. Called again and was told they would be right there. At 11:30PM I walked down to get the towels in person. By 11:45 PM I had fresh towels for the morning. It doesn't seem that providing fresh towels should be such a challenge to management.Compared to clean towels it seems small but there was no free internet service for our lap top. We won't be returning...  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	1	1	

<Author>Mayah25
<Content>Beware of bed bugs - Dissssssgusting!!! !!! !!! This hotel was disgusting!!! I am actually surprised that there are any good reviews. The rooms remind me of an old ladies home. There was an erie feeling in the room from the moment I stepped in there. It just did not feel clean. The bathroom was leaking and reminded me of a bathroom in a old house; not 3 star hotel quality. I figured I could make it work for one night, but there was no heat in the room. The maintenance man could not fix the problem, so we were moved to another room. The new room had BED BUGS!!!!!!!! (We always check the beds for bed bugs before we settle in.) I was soooo grossed out and tramatized. They moved us to a third cleaner room, but I was not staying there. We left immediate. The night manager was very rude. He refused to believe that there were bed bugs in the beds until I personally showed them to him. He also refused to give me a reciept when my friend and I checked out that same night. He likewise refused to call the manager and appraise him of the major bed bug problem in his hotel. I would not recommend staying at this hotel ever!!! You can lose everything if you carry bed bugs home with you. BEWARE the St. Louis Hotel. PS - the lenins were terrible. The pillows were worn out and stained. The entire side of one pillow was riped open in the last room. It was a terrible terrible experience, I would not want to relive.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	4	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>dukbludevl324
<Content>As Dirty as Bourbon Street at 3am I stayed at the St. Louis Hotel over the weekend preceding Fat Tuesday and I must say that from the first moment we arrived I should have known that it would be an ominous stay. First, the positive - The St. Louis is in a great location if you want to be near Bourbon Street. The entrance is about 200 feet off of Bourbon and is close to the great restaurants located within the French Quarter.Now the negatives - We were a large party that had 3 rooms that were booked under one name. However, the person whose name it was under knew he would not be arriving until that evening and left the names of the people who would be checking into the other rooms. When we went to check in upon our arrival, the hotel denied having this information and when we showed them an email from the person whose name the reservation was under, they still denied us from checking in. We had to get this person on the phone to allow us permission to check in, which could have been disastrous as they were flying in and very well may have been on a plane at that time. The service at the hotel is disastrous. When we asked for extra pillows, we were denied them; when a cot was requested (we were paying $50/night per extra person) the person who brought the cot complained about how tired she was from bringing it across the street. Are you kidding me? When we're paying close to $400/night (with the extra person charge) to have a room that looks like a cheap motel, don't complain to me about it. Now to the rooms - while I agree that the bed linens are much nicer than other people's reviews had said, the carpets were filthy and the rooms smelled very stale. The bathroom looked worse than the one in my fraternity house - stains on the walls, a ripped out bidet, cabinets that looked like a 5 year old screwed them together.Overall, I would not recommend staying here unless you like terrible service w/ no smile.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>sdillon
<Content>A Mess Had a funny smell, Dirty bathroom. Only stayed one night. Would not go back.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>barbifran
<Content>Hotel St. Horror If you want a hotel that doesn't give you your requested wakeup call 'because it got busy' (with no apology whatsover) then this is the hotel for you. If you want a hotel where strangers have a keycard to your room and walk in while you're in your underwear (because they assigned the room you are currently staying in to someone else as well) then this is the hotel for you. If you want a hotel where the 'do not disturb' sign means nothing (they woke us twice with the sign in the door and ignored my don't come in yell as they walked in while i was still in bed.) then this is the hotel for you. If you want to deal with the rudest staff you've ever met...then this is the hotel for you. If you want a staff that forgets to inform you about an 'urgent' fedex package that has been sitting behind the counter since it arrived in the morning then this is the hotel for you ..  I spoke to many other guests who had similar experiences.All I can suggest to others is 'do not stay at this disgrace of a place'....I'd rather sleep in my car.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	2	5	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>dancergrl17
<Content>great stay, everytime My husband  I have stayed at this hotel many times over the last few years and I was shocked to see all the negative reviews. We have always enjoyed our stays at The Saint Louis and are planning another trip. The staff has always been friendly, and has given us room upgrades when they've been available. The center courtyard is beautiful! We've watched a couple of wedding receptions down there and they were very nice and the noise inside the room wasn't enough to mention. The rooms are average (though we haven't been since the recent updates) but the location, courtyard and staff make this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>artsyworldtraveler
<Content>be careful of online reservations One of the worst experiences in New Orleans ever. Made reservations online. Called and cancelled a month in advance. Given a cancellation number and then got charged for the entire amount. Credit card company even said they had little recourse when contacting the merchant. I got stuck with a deposit only, but had a terrible experience with rude staff that would not even return a call when inquiring about the charges.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IvoryEagle
<Content>What a Nightmare---You will not be a Guest here..... My husband and I visit New Orleans every fall for a 3-day weekend--and have done so for the last 15 years. We always book a hotel in the French Quarter and this year was our second stay at the St. Louis Hotel--it proved to be a nightmare.My husband booked our reservations in January 2007 on the hotel's website. We had to delay the trip one week, so in April 2007 he called the hotel directly with a request to change the reservation dates. During that phone conversation, the hotel staff member advised that a room was available for the two nights requested and he was given a new confirmation number for the date changes made. We checked in on Friday afternoon for our 2-night stay. The staff was friendly and helpful. Although the room was smaller than anticipated and a bit worn looking, it overlooked the beautiful courtyard and was clean and pleasant. So far, everything was good.On Saturday, we went to the desk and asked for assistance in arranging transportation to the airport for our Sunday morning return flight to Florida. Again, the staff was friendly and helpful. The bell captain set up a taxi for 9:30 a.m. on Sunday morning to transport us to the airport. We spent the whole day out in the city and returned to the hotel at approximately 9:30 p.m....Here comes the fun part....!!!Neither of our card keys worked in the door to our room. We went to the desk and advised the clerk. He immediately reprogrammed both cards and gave them back to us (seemed strange that he never asked for our names or I.D.'s).We returned to our 2nd-floor room, opened the door, and found: 1. Someone else's luggage was opened and partially unpacked on the bed;2. The T.V. was on (we never turned the T.V. on in the room); and3. All of our luggage, personal belongings, and packages from shopping were gone. We went back to the desk and asked for an explanation. The desk clerk called the night manager who was immediately hostile and argumentative. She claimed that our hotel reservations were for only one night and that all of our belongings were removed because we were no longer hotel guests. My husband (who keeps excellent, detailed records) provided the date, time, rep's name, and confirmation # of the changed rerservations. However, this employee maintained her uncooperative demeanor and stated that it was our problem. She informed us that, even though a St. Louis Hotel employee had been the one who had processed the reservation change incorrectly, the hotel (1) would not accept or acknowledge the new confirmation number that was given on the phone, and (2) refused responbility for the booking error. She said she could/ would do nothing to help us. We had no idea about where we could find another room for the night. This manager offered zero assistance in finding another hotel; however, she did manage to share the fact that all hotels in the city were completely booked for the entire weekend for a Saints game, an LSU game and a national convention.We requested a contact name or number to follow up with a senior hotel manager--which was refused. Sadly, this hotel offers no resolution to problems or complaints--clearly a management problem.We were out on the street with our luggage and, fortunately, found a cab driver who was an absolute hero (Saint!). He immediately got on his cell phone and began a search to help us find a hotel (his wife was even helping with hotel inquiries from their home phone!!!). After numerous calls, he located and secured an available room at a hotel in La Place, Louisiana.We absolutely love New Orleans and have always found the people in the Quarter to be so freindly and welcoming--until we encounted this St. Louis Hotel employee. We will be back to visit New Orleans, but we will never again stay at the St. Louis Hotel.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	5	4	3	1	1	

<Author>JNTexas
<Content>Great location/price/service, horrible room As part of a group of four guys on a weekend getaway, we found the hotel to be ideally situated in the French Quarter, just one block from Bourbon Street, right next to the Old Absinthe House Bar. All of the various hotel staff were accommodating and the general appearance of the hotel was nice. In fact, they were in the midst of repainting much of the exterior, adding a much needed touch-up to the aging property. Three of the guys had nice rooms, two of which were overlooking the street, with a small balcony. However, my room was little more than a closet with no phone, remote, iron or hairdryer. With the exception of the iron, none of these items were requirements for me, but they might be for others. The room was right next to a small courtyard towards the back of the hotel (Room 229). It had one queen sized bed that sank to the floor when I slept on it. Unfortunately, the hotel was overbooked, so I was unable to move to another room. I am not sure about all of the rooms in the back part of the hotel, but the other three fellas were located up front and had 100% nicer rooms. However, they were near the main courtyard which held all of the wedding parties, so if we had not come back at 4:00 A.M. every morning, the noise might have been distracting. I recommend asking for a French Quarter Room view, with a king bed or two double beds. They appeared to be the nicer of the rooms that I saw. Overall, given the nature of our visit and the fact I really only needed a place to sleep and change, it was fine. The other rooms are ok for couples or more discerning people, especially given the price and location.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	1	5	3	4	4	2	

<Author>chriscotton1
<Content>OK for the price Ok I guess for the price. When we arrived got right in the staff was great everything was great with the check in. We got our room it was 211 it was back in a corner very small with a small window. The room was clean just needed some work the entertainment center had a door missing and the sheet had a hole in it we got it replaced. Court yard is great and it is very close toall the action just did not meet up to the photo's and discriptions on the web site but for the price it is OK we only slep we were out all the time just need to sleep sometimes.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>worldtravelor7
<Content>Staff was Great! Loved the Saint Louis My wife and I attended a family wedding at this beautiful hotel. This is a lovely european style hotel with the most beautiful courtyard in the French Quarter. We booked thru the hotels website and had no problems. We had some special needs for a family member and the front desk staff went above and beyond the call of duty. After we booked my wife read some bad reviews so we became concerned. The hotels staff was wonderful. Everyone we dealt with was very profesional especially the food and beverage staff. Stop in for a drink with Andy the bartender and don't miss breakfast on the courtyard. Try the eggs benedict. Our family's rooms were very large and clean but if you are looking for a new marble bathroom ask for the Newly renovated section. The rooms overlooking the courtyard have tile baths that have bidets in them just like the Hotels in France and Italy. First class but not new. My wife and I stayed in the rear courtyard section were the rooms are newly renovated with marble baths and showers and very quiet.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mshplover
<Content>Okay for the location/price       Front of hotel  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>rellaokla
<Content>disasterous wedding reception My husband and I held our wedding reception at the St. Louis Hotel. Since my husband is from New Orleans and we met there, we thought it would be romantic to return to this special city for our reception. We spent months planning with the hotel's special events department, and were excited about the menu we chose and the way the courtyard was going to be set up for our reception. We spent thousands and thousands of dollars and had over 160 people attend. The dinner buffet was supposed to start at 7:30 p.m. and be replenished for the next two hours. The first round of food came out fine, but the buffet was never replenished after that. As the evening progressed and guests started to complain that there was no food, we tracked down the kitchen manager and he said there was a problem with the gas in the kitchen. However, two other events were going on at the hotel that night, and both seemed to be going well without a hitch. The manager said he was working on it and that food would be out shortly. It never came. At 9:30, we found ourselves with over 160 guests who were starving and had been drinking for over two hours...needless to say, things were getting out of control. We finally (in desperation) ordered 40 pizzas from Dominoes. They showed up at 10:15, and were completely devoured. Thank god for Dominoes!We tried to get compensation from the hotel for their blunder, but not only did the St. Louis take no responsibility for their actions, they basically were completely arrogant and unprofessional (wouldn't return calls, were rude on the phone, etc.). We considered taking them to court, but we live out of state and at the end of the day, it would probably cost more to do that than to write it off. So the only thing we can do is spread the word...Please don't use the St. Louis Hotel for any special event. And I have to say that we had some guests stay in the hotel, and they were appalled at how dingy the rooms were. My advice is to stay clear of this hotel!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>itsCarole
<Content>Not What It Used to Be We have stayed in this hotel whenever we went to New Orleans for over 20 years., The hotel is no longer the elegant, hospitable, cosmopolitan place that it had been in the past. There are garbage cans lining the area along with a NO PARKING sign where we once parked to enter the hotel. A uniformed doorman no longer welcomed guests. For the first time, we were expected to unload our luggage. There was no longer a concierge in the lobby ready to answer any and all questions and to make whatever reservation the guest desired. Our room (a mini-suite) had been stripped of all but the bare essentials. Evidently the employees of the hotel live in the hotel. We were put into a room next to the elevator and were awakened throughout the night to the sound of not only the elevator but of children running and yelling in the corridor. What was supposed to be a pleasant stay of three to four nights turned into a one night nightmare. Upon leaving the next morning, we found where furniture missing from our room was located. The door to the room next to us was open. This suite was stuffed with furniture and was obviously housing hotel employees. The St Louis no longer has a five-star restaurent., When we were checking out, we had to wait for the clerk to kiss and tell her children goodby as they left for school. She told them to be sure to go in and have their breakfast before they left. The comfort of the hotel employees and their families obviously was much more important than the comfort of its paying guests. Such a shame that one of New Orleans finest has turned into this.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BrendaB1
<Content>Good hotel in spite of other reviews       Room 510  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>rnathb
<Content>A Big Let Down My family and I chose the St. Louis Hotel in New Orleans based on the beautiful photos of the lobby and rooms as shown on the Hotel's website. Upon arriving in New Orleans, I called the hotel three times to get directions since my Mapquest directions didn't quite get us there. Each time the directions were given abruptly as if I were a native and should know the area. We finally found it by accident. When we pulled up to the hotel there was no parking or signs for parking. We drove around the block looking for the parking and did not see any signage. We parked alongside the road and I ran in to find out where to park. Again, the girl at the front desk was very vague. With all the traffic, people and one way streets, I decided to have the car valet parked ($28.00 per day) near the hotel. When I walked into the hotel I was shocked! I exepcted to see a beautiful expansive lobby with columns and marble floors but instead found a very small and dingy lobby with one front desk person. The room had stained carpet, bad paint job, coffee but no coffee pot, oh and we almost got stuck in the elevator getting up to our room. The only nice thing I have to say about the hotel is that the location was excellent. I would visit New Orleans again for the food and entertainment but would definitly stay in a name brand hotel that takes their reputation seriously. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>leftmyheartinNO
<Content>My favorite hotel in NO This is my favorite hotel in New Orleans. I alway get a double queen room with a FQ view. I love that the windows really open to let in the sounds of the city. I have stayed in several hotels in NO but this is by far the best for the money. Rooms have always been clean and comfy housekeeping everyday. The courtyard is beautiful. I would reccomend this place for anyone.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>suztravels
<Content>yes, it's a wedding hotel Our daughter who lives in Houston booked her wedding at the St. Louisand after reading reviews, I was worried since we were booking about 40 rooms. New Orleans is struggling to survive and the hotel is awarethings are not perfect but our experience was wonderful. The staff tried hard and the wedding arrangements were magnificent - both upscale and yet individual with New Orleans flair. The chains have corporate depth to see them through the re-build and if you want to stay at a hotel that could be found anywhere in the world, stay at a chain. If you want New Orleans atmosphere and excellent location stayhere or at one of the locally owned ones. We are so glad we had Nicole's wedding there and contributed to the economy. It was an experience neither we nor our guests will forget. I highly recommend the hotel for a destination wedding. If you don't want a wedding to bother you, stay in a room on the other courtyard, you don't have to go through the wedding party. Our party was booked in the rooms around the fountain courtyard and we were told the music had to be over by 10:30 - in the French Quarter people are still out in restaurants and on Bourbon Street. BTW - the wedding party and most of the guests have traveled extensively - maybe we're a little more tolerant and interested in local atmosphere rather than corporate sameness.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>JPFriel
<Content>What a Dump! My husband and I booked a room at the St Louis this past October. It is definitely not a 3 star hotel!!! Upon arrival the staff was rude and the hotel was dirty, smelled musty and there was mold growing on the walls of our room. We stayed for about 15 minutes before deciding that there was no way we would be comfortable sleeping in their beds. Upon which we grabbed our luggage went around the corner and checked into the Hotel Monteleone. Let me just say this was the smartest decision we ever made the Monteleone was wonderful!!  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>ednpamk
<Content>Stay away Not at all a 3-star hotel. It's musty and dirty, the carpet's frayed and worn, there were stains all over the desk chair, dust everyplace.It's almost the same sort of architecture as the St. Marie but the St. Marie is well-maintained and clean.I would stay away. Far away  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>J0ney
<Content>Love New Orleans. Hotel could use some work. But then again that's everywhere. I got the [--] price. The biggest problem I had was that while we were there there were at least 3 weddings in the courtyard. I stopped counting. This may be a bigger problem for the spring season. The thing about the weddings is they are in the way of you remotely enjoying the courtyard, or the lobby, and you feel like you are in the way. And we could hear loud dance music one night until 11. Which, as someone else was saying might not be a problem if you just need a hotel to pass out in.The location is good, good access to the streets. I don't have a problem with the canal end of bourbon, and I don't have a problem with the garage having my keys for self park. There are other hotels that do this. You drive up the ramp and they go double park your car or whatever they need to do to fit more cars. My car is new and had no scratches or signs of any tampering. I do take everything out of the car when leaving it. There was a white tent over the courtyard which I was dissappointed by, because it can only look better open to the sky. I assumed the tent is meant to shield their precious brides from the sun/rain/leaves/natural elements. I was sad about there being no bottled water or vending machines, but then I realized there is a walgreens around the corner and a liquor/grocery store we went to for champagne, OJ, and chips - beats a vending machine and beats the prices you would get from a vending machine too!The coffee pot was suspicious but I didn't use it. Got take out from Cafe Du Monde. You slackers have to get out and walk on the street sometime.If you are squeamish about rats and garbage, well... if you do stay in new orleans, the quarter as a whole may not be where you belong. I felt like they were understaffed, especially with the extra traffic in the lobby area for the weddings, it was hard for little ole' me to just get a question answered or get a copy of the newspaper, etc.I did not have a problem with the door lock. The temp of the room was hard to control, mostly because the door opens into the courtyard and the room temp would fluctuate off the temp outdoors. The door could probably use weatherstripping. The difference between this hotel and a big chain is a lack of personal attention and service, but consider this a trade for a more authentic quarter experience. If you can take care of yourself, you will be fine here. If you are adventuresome and love new experiences, I don't see why you shouldn't give it a try.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>ConnIngrid
<Content>Worst Hotel I ever stayed at but the best breakfast Every year I go to new orleans but never stayed at the St Louis Hotel. I usually stay at the Hotel Maria. This year I thought that I had found a special at Easter, but when I checked out at the hotel I was not given the amount I booked. For the same price I could have stayed at the Royal Sonesta Hotel next door that is clean. I found the St Louis to be in desperate need of new carpets in the hall, fresh paint and the rooms need an uplift. MY towel rack was broken and the bathroom door and wall near the desk in the room was so dirty with blood stains that we had to wash it. I did ask for a wake up call which I never received, but the desk girl rudely told me she called me. I did not find the hotel staff friendly. I did find the breakfast staff very pleasant and the rolls fresh. I also found it disturbing that this year was the first year that I had credit card fraud in new orleans. When I returned last week some one had gotten ahold of my credit card number and purchased over five hundred dollars worth of items in two days. As a creature of habit the credit card company picked it up right away. I only use my credit card at the same three restaurants in new orleans and the hotel I am staying at. This is now easily tracked and it will be interesting when they find were my number was taken from. So if you did consider the St Louis think again, but do stop in for breakfast.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>fclevenger
<Content>Worst Hotel Stay Ever Absolutely the worst hotel I have ever stay in. Room was dirty and needed attention. Cracked bathroom mirror -bathroom door would not shut fully. Lighting was terrible. Asked three times for a light bulb for the lamp between the beds but never arrived. Lots of noise in the courtyard until 4:30 AM kept everyone awake. Toilet would not stop running but told nothing they could do. Hotel had loud band in the courtyard at night for two nights - sounded like they were in the room with us. I new I was in trouble when I checked into the at the Lobby and saw how dingy it was.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lunatech
<Content>Not going back Half the outlets in the room didn't work.Left over coffee in the maker.UnimpressedLike the rating I gave it, this should be a 2 star hotel.Self parking will run you $20 a day and is located around the block. You can do MUCH better in the Quarter than this  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	3	3	3	

<Author>motorgirl1111
<Content>Loved this place The St. Louis hotel is one of my favorite places in New Orleans to stay. Located in the French Quarter, less than one block from Bourbon street it is the perfect retreat from a night on the town. It's courtyard is open all the time to relax by the fountain of just take a break. Unfortunately the restaurant only serves breakfast this time of year, so you must find another place to eat dinner. If you want another option for breakfast the Cafe Du Monde is just 6 blocks away. The windows open up without window screens, not good if you have children, but beautiful if you want to feel the breeze blowing at night. All the rooms are tastefully decorated in gold tones with dark wood furnishings. Overall, this hotel was wonderful and I would go again.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>earthboyfl
<Content>Good Location / OK Hotel / Good Value My partner and I stayed at the St. Louis Hotel over St. Patrick's weekend. Generally when we go to New Orleans we choose a Bed  Breakfast or a hotel in the $150-$200 range. However, we decided we wanted to save a little money and booked via Priceline and got the room for $95 (There were also NCAA Basketball games in town, so prices were higher than normal) The hotel has great bones - that is it could be a beautiful, charming historic hotel. Unfortunately, they have a long ways to go. The room was rundown. It seemed very much like an old, old Holiday Inn or Days Inn room. The common courtyard is nice - though not that clean. There was a wedding party there on Saturday and the bride  groom whooped  hollered...I'm sure some guests were annoyed...we were amused. The courtyard has some of the largest banana plants that I have ever seen. Because of the relatively low price and the proximity to Bourbon Street some of the guests tend to get drunk, then get in the courtyard area and make lots of noise at about 1 AM - 2 AM. Overall, most of the staff were nice, but they don't particularly exude professionalism or New Orleans quirkiness. We probably wouldn'tstay here again unless we're trying to save money.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	1	3	3	1	

<Author>sad1655
<Content>Love this Southern Belle Love, Love, Love this hotel. Great location, great price, really friendly people. I think they have done a great job rising from the ashes of Katrina. Maybe a little work left to do, but they compensatefor that with with great southern hospitality.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>dmtdiver
<Content>Excellent Value in the French Quarter I used Book.it .com and took the mystery hotel deal. The value was outstanding. I received a room with a balcony, very large bed and HUGE jacuzzi tub. After booking and finding out the hotels name, I researched the reviews. The review read that the carpets were dirty;this is true, a few oily spots. However I paid around $56.00 per night, IN THE FRENCH QUARTER!!! Great wireless internet, clean sheets/towels, and close proximity to the nightlife. I heartily recommend this hotel through Book.it .com.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>COCO4300
<Content>Wont return This place is more of a 2 star hotel. The only thing that i liked was the fact we got upgraded to a balcony room and we only paid $95 a nite. The gal who checked us in was really nice. Overall, the room wasnt nothing special and the bathroom had mouse poo. This hotel is a half a block away from bourbon street so if u want sleep dont stay here. I was orignally going to stay at the Place d Armes and after walking past it, I wish I had. But I did really like the balcony at the st. Louis especially on St. Patricks Day. The hotel was right on the parade route.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>2	5	2	4	1	4	4	-1	

<Author>FtPolkBunny
<Content>Beautiful hotel! I lived in New Orleans for more than 10 years and really looked forward to returning. I had been to the Saint Louis for drinks and knew it was a beautiful hotel so I did not hesitate making the reservation at such a great price. My complaints are really kind of petty, but when all added together for 1 visit, they can be a bit overwhelming. First, they offered valet or self-parking and I asked about the self-parking stating that I don't like leaving my keys with anyone. When we arrived at the garage, they told me to drive to the top of the drive and leave my windows down and the keys in the car. I stated I was there for self-park and they stated that was their self park. I left and parked on the street. The hotel personnel stated they were going to look into it and let me know, that it did not sound right, but they never informed me of their findings. Upon arriving at our room, the people staying in the room next to ours were fighting with the card key door lock. I thought maybe because they were older, they didn't understand how the key card worked. When they finally got into their room, I tried our card key. I'm still not sure the trick to get into the room, it appeared that you had to insert the key, turn the knob and push the door, all within a few seconds or the door wouldn't open. We were never able to enter our room within the first 5 attempts to unlock the door. Our room was very spacious and comfortable. Although, I found it strange that they had 2 books listing all the important numbers, but no phone in the room. When we went to sleep, they used flat sheets on the mattress, instead of fitted, so within minutes the sheet was bunched up underneath us and we were sleeping directly on the mattress. We had a great night's sleep and woke refreshed in the morning. I enjoyed my stay at the Saint Louis, but I believe I would've been very frustrated if I had been a business person staying at the hotel with no phone and a difficult door.The room and bathroom were very clean and the hotel was decorated beautifully for the holidays!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>2	4	3	5	4	2	-1	2	

<Author>juliebob07
<Content>NOT a three star hotel. NO WAY! I refuse to bash a half-way decent hotel. Therefore, i have no problem bashing this hotel. I have read other reviews that rate the location of this location highly. i guess that depends on whether you want to be right around the corner from the trashiest end of bourbon street. if you like trashy, you absolutely must stay at this hotel. the carpet in room 315 is absolutely ridiculous. i looked for an area that was not stained, but couldn't find one. the bathroom tile may have once been white in color? really hard to tell from the mold and mildew. the atrium area that used to be louis 16th (?) restaurant is still covered with a large white tarp, like a really big tent. the building interior is not covered by anything other than the tarp/tent thing. the good -- the beds were acceptable. the tv and armoire were acceptable. the remote control worked. the hot water worked. the maid service did arrive daily during the early afternoon. unfortunately the good is far outweighed by the unacceptable -- the OLD temperature control unit (a/c - heater) to room 315 blew air. not cold. not hot. just air. the carpet needs to be replaced. not cleaned. somebody with a shotgun needs to go kill the HUGE rat that we saw saturday evening in the atrium area. and the manager doesn't need to say Well, that's new orleans. when we tried to get someone to go kill it or something. there is no vending machine. no self-laundry. no bottled water. i've stayed at four different hotels in new orleans, and this is by far the worst and nastiest hotel i have stayed at in new orleans. if you plan on getting drunk as a skunk and passing out somewhere, this might be the place for you. if you have an ounce of class, or just don't like rats the size of possums, this might not be the place for you as it may be too close to bourbon street and all the trash that bourbon street generates every night. we paid $59 a night thru the internet, and i will never waist $59 a night on this nasty hotel again. i wouldn't stay there for free.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>Trav55
<Content>Very nice hotel Great location I had been staying at the St Louis' sister property the St Ann/Marie Antoinette. Because of a housekeeping problem, I was moved to the St Louis. While I liked the St Anne, the St Louis was even better.The on duty manager, Cliff was excellent. He was very knowledgeable and helpful. My room was very large and clean. The bed was comfortable, again with new sheets and blankets. The bathroom was also very large and clean. The shower was the best I have had in a New Orleans hotel. I am baffled by some of the other reviews. The hotel was clean everywhere I saw. There were areas(outside the rooms) where they could use some fresh paint, but that was in the works I believe. I was able to see in some of the other (unrented) rooms and they looked clean as well( at least from looking in the window). The staff was friendly and helpful. The courtyard was very nice. I would much rather stay at place like this than at a large impersonal chain. The hotel was in easy walking of most sights in the Quarter.While I would not hesitate to recommend either property to friends and would stay at either again, I did like the St Louis better because of the size of the room and bathroom.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>christyb
<Content>FOR THE $ IT WAS FABULOUS!!!       room - a little messy with our bags!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AshleyT
<Content>It was OK.. The St. Louis was very cheap! It was in a great location; literally steps from Bourbon and right in the middle of the Quarter. It was clean, but it was old and in need of major renovations. I would probally stay there again if I was in the same financial situation, but if you can afford something nicer-stay there. It was just old and musty. It was ok though. If you are looking for a good place to crash after a long night out on Bourbon with your friends, then this is the place. If you are looking for a romantic getaway with your significant other-go elsewhere.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>dobermangirl
<Content>this hotel is a dump This hotel has a lovely courtyard, but eveything else needs work. The carpets are very stained, and the bed quilts are shabby and need to be replaced. There are issues with the room keys. Sometime the staff was helpful and sometimes they were not responsive to requests. They promised wireless internet but I could not get online after repeated attempts I had to go across the street to another hotel and get online. We had to change rooms because we were promised a balcony and did not get one upon checkin. The room smelled of cigarettes and cleaning agents. The second room was not much better, but at least we had a balcony. The gave us a deal on the rooms because of the change, but we still checked out early and went to the Wyndham which was much cleaner. We also found out that staff lived in the hotel post hurricane, which is probably why the rooms are so dirty. If they could clean it up, it would be a nice place to stay.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	2	2	1	

<Author>caf123
<Content>No Roll Aways We were booked at the St. Louis since June, and we were very clear that for three of the four rooms we were booking (directly with the hotel via phone) that we would need a queen or king with a roll-away. We were assurred this was fine. When we called the hotel directly three weeks prior to arriving and made sure arrangements for the roll-aways were still in order, we felt we made all the appropriate arrangements. And then we arrived - at 1 a.m. 11 of us, for four rooms, three which were supposed to have a roll away. The gentleman at the front desk was going to send us to our room anyway, until I insisted that we needed to know if the rooms had the roll aways, and then he admitted that they probably didn't. He said he didn't know which room they were stored in, so he couldn't give us any that night. I asked if he could call housekeeping at home to see where the roll aways were located, and he said he couldn't. Each reservation indicated a total of 8 people for four rooms - they weren't ready for us, our careful planning and pointed questions as to the accomodations directly with the hotel staff were false - as we were finally told the next day by a very competant and caring desk member - they haven't had any roll-away's since Katrina, and she apologized profusely for the misinformation that caused us to change hotels in the middle of the night, and ended up sending us to yet another hotel (but thank goodness, as in the end we were much happier with our own hotel).We were sent to the sister property, the St. Ann Maria (I think?) and it was terrible. We went back the following day and they were able to accomodate three of the four rooms by giving them rooms with two double-beds, but my husband and I don't fit comfortably in a double bed so we choose to go to another hotel right next door. Once I saw our travel mates rooms, I was pleased that it was an upgrade to the flea-bag hotel sister property, but it was still a major downgrade to where we ended up right next door. Spend the extra $40/night to stay at the Royal Sonesta - do not believe that this property has any roll-aways, and do not believe that by contacting a property directly that you are getting the right answer.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Esq94
<Content>Don't waste your time or money here! This place is NOT worth $189 a night. Do not stay here if you can avoid it.Here's the summary of my trip:First, the hotel was booked through Hotels.com. That's important to know because ultimately, the hotel management flatly refused to compensate me for any portion of the horrible stay I had and instead, referred me back to Hotels.com. More on that later.When the reservation was made, I specifically requested a portable crib for my 9 month old son. When we got the hotel, no porta-crib was available. The hotel didn't have any! When I complained that I had specifically requested one via Hotels.com, the response was, Sorry but Hotels.com doesn't really know what we do and do not have at the hotel. Really? Hmmm, I seem to recall that Hotels.com's advertising tag line is We know hotels. Apparently not.Since we were flying in from out of town, my wife and I got to our room, 30 minutes prior to the event we were supposed to attend in the hotel's courtyard. Being in a rush, we put our 9 month old son down on the floor while we unpacked and got dressed. Big mistake! Within minutes of being in the room, my son managed to find a shard of broken glass on the floor as well as a small bead that he had put in his mouth. Thankfully, my wife picked him up and found these items before he choked and/or cut himself. After our discovery, we closely inspected our room, only to find it littered with shards of broken glass and broken beads, both on the bedroom carpet and on the bathroom's tile floor! Since we were in a rush to begin with, we finished changing our clothes, then I promptly went to the front desk to demand a new room. My request was fulfilled later that night. Much to our surprise, the room we were moved to was not much bigger or nicer than the one we had just left. There was mold on the bathroom ceiling above the shower, the corner of the bathroom cabinet was chipped and splintered and the towel rack fell off the wall when I placed a wet towel on it.It was late in the evening when we were finally able to switch rooms. I called from the first room and requested a luggage cart so I could move our stuff to the new room. The response I received was, there is no bellman on duty right now but you are free to come down and get one yourself. I did exactly that. As I was taking the luggage cart into the elevator, I was accosted by a hotel employee who demanded that I promptly return the luggage cart to the lobby so that they could use it for something else. I bristled at the way I was treated but managed to hold my tongue.After moving our luggage and returning the cart to the lobby, I requested some extra pillows for my room. The response from the front desk was, I'm sorry but we don't have access to housekeeping at this hour but we will gladly get you some extra pillows in the morning. As you can imagine, I declined the offer.The next morning, we heard the housekeeping staff outside in the hall. My wife went outside to ask for some extra pillows only to be told by the housekeeping staff that she needed to go to the front desk for that! Apparently, pillows are a valuable commodity that must be kept under lock and key at the St. Louis.Later in the morning, we called Hotels.com to complain about our accommodations. To their credit, they did offer to move us to another hotel. However, since we were only going to be in New Orleans for the weekend and had lots of people to visit with, we declined as we did not want to waste any of our vacation time. As far as financial compensation, the best offer Hotels could give us was $80 credit back on our credit card. We reluctantly took it as I did not want to waste even more time on hold on the telephone, arguing with them about what they should do for us. While it was better than nothing, $80 does not even cover the cost of one night at the rat trap called the St. Louis Hotel. I was initially reluctant to stay there but we chose the hotel for the convenience of being co-located with the event we were attending. Even then, we would've stayed only one night if it were not for Hotels.com's reservations policy which required a two night stay. Thus we were forced to endure a second dissatisfying night at the St. Louis.In short, I have nothing good to say about the St. Louis Hotel. My only advice is to avoid it like the plague. Furthermore, I will never book another hotel stay through Hotels.com as the hotel can easily escape responsibility for terrible accommodations and even worse customer service by pawning the disgruntled customer onto Hotels.com.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	5	1	4	1	-1	

<Author>PTownCajun
<Content>Don't Blame Katrina Just returned to Houston from a weekend in New Orleans. Originally from Louisiana so we figured we would go and give the city a little boost of tourism. Over the last 10 years we have spent over 150 nights in the city and have only had 1 bad hotel experience prior to this one. This hotel does not qualify in my opinion to even be rated. New paint outside does not constitute refurbishment. Maid service every other day is usually nice to know prior to booking. After being moved to other rooms that were supposed to be non smoking we gave up. The cigartte burn patterns in the carpet must have been part of the decor. If you have a maintenance issue after 5:00PM it must wait until the next day and the next day cannot be Sunday. This place needs a major overhaul so beware!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>UTAPA
<Content>Go elsewhere I cannot recommend this hotel. Poor service, rude staff and misrepresentative amenities. Do not stay here, there are a ton of other hotels in New Orleans that would be more grateful of your tourism dollars.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>1	1	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>memboy
<Content>A Mixed Bag I'll start with the good things. The hotel is in an excellent location, literally a few steps from Bourbon. I stayed in a room on the second floor overlooking Bienville. The room was spacious with a large bathroom, comfortable bed, and attractive furnishings. The air conditioner worked wonderfully, which is very important in hot and humid New Orleans. The hallways were mostly quiet and sleeping was pretty easy. The hotel desk people were efficient, fast, knowledgable, and friendly. When I needed directions they were patient and even wrote the directions down for me (without my asking) when I was confused. Unlike many hotels that I have used, these desk clerks acted as if they were glad to be at work. Now for the minuses. The parking is outrageous at around $22.00 a night. There is no parking at the hotel itslef. After checking in, they give you a voucher and you have to drive to the next street (not as easy as it seems with all the pedestrians and one way streets in the French Quarter) to a valet parking garage. On the second day of my 3-day stay my room was not made. I called the front desk and was told that rooms were only cleaned every other day. I told them that was unacceptale. They did not argue and sent a maid to my room. On the morning of my checkout there was a cockroach the size of an armadillo sitting in the middle of the bath tub. He was not scared of me, and if roaches could speak he would have told me to get out or else. Anyway, we fought to the death and I eventually won and was able to shower. Note-- this was the only unclean thing I experienced during my stay, and New Orleans is notorious for its roach problems.The carpet in the room was very stained, but it appeared to be clean.The lock was not easy to use. I had to reinsert the key several times every time I entered my room.Overall it was not a bad stay. I had an excellent weekday rate, so it was worth it.  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>knitting_danica
<Content>great value for location After recieving my confirmation from priceline (I paid 60$ a night for my room) I was a bit worried after reading the reviews. I was staying at the St. Louis when I was in town for a wedding (not at the St. Louis). It was also French Quarter Festival.My stay was enjoyable. My room overlooked the courtyard and while there were two weddings there during my stay, both were over and ushered out by 10:30 (anyone who stays in the French Quarter should be staying out until 10:30) anyway.Was the room clean?--yes. A bit worn around the edges?--also. The staff was very helpful, though a bit overworked. When I returned one afternoon, I found my room still hadn't been cleaned. I called the front desk and they informed me that since Katrina they are a bit short on housekeeping staff, but they would send someone up in the next hour (which they did).There was no phone charge for local calls.Several other wedding party members were staying in other hotels in the city. Out of all those who spent less than 120$ I definitely had the best deal. For the price--you can't beat it.  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Mars_Hotel
<Content>I love the St Louis I stayed there for my third time during Jazz Fest, and this is my favorite hotel in the area. It's in a great location, right in the heart of the Quarter, but on a much quieter side street, so you can get your fill of the party and then easily head back to your room when you need a break. Or grab a couple of drinks and enjoy their beautiful courtyard. I had a nice, spacious room on the 5th floor, facing the street out front and with a nice view of the courtyard from the corridor. My room was very clean and looked great, they've remodeled since the last time I was there, new carpet, wallpaper and bedspreads. The beds were very comfortable and had nice pillows. The furnishings were nice and in good condition. The only thing that I thought was lacking was the bathroom. It did have a new countertop, but the tiles and the fixtures were a little worn and are probably due for an update to match the quality of the rest of the room. But it was clean and everything worked, so it wasn't a problem to me. The staff was very pleasant and helpful during my stay. Everyone I met was friendly, and the front desk staff was great with directions and info. The housekeeping did a great job, they were never intrusive in the morning, but when I left in the afternoons, my room would always be clean when I returned. They are working with a short staff, at this time they have no concierge or valet parking or restaurant. They do offer self-parking at a garage around the block for $20/night. And there are plenty of restaurants within a couple of blocks that are open again.Overall, I thought it was really quiet there, but I think it helped to be on a higher floor. There was a wedding on the Friday of my stay, and it did get a little loud in the evening but it was over by 11pm. I wasn't bothered by it because I expect a little noise when I'm in the quarter. But if you want quiet, it would probably be better to stay in one of the highrises. Overall, I don't think this hotel is for everyone. It's a small, laid-back, family run hotel with some charm and character. It isn't perfect, but it's nice and friendly. I like it a lot and I plan to stay again whenever I'm in town.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tissm
<Content>Wonderful Hotel We just returned from the St. Louis and on the contrary to other reviews, our was wonderful. The room was very nice and clean on the 2nd floor overlooking the courtyard with a beautiful fountain. The staff was also wonderfull. My sister somehow managed to get the bathtub drain stuck and when my daughter went down to report it. They offered us to change rooms, since I did not want to change my room. The front desk manager gave us access to the room next door for us to shower. Someone came about l hr later and fixed the drain. They were all very nice and helpful with directions . I would stay here whenever I come to New Orleans. Beautiful hotel.  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>don't waste your money here What a dissapointment, our luggage was gone through, things stolen, the front desk said oh well not much we can do about it, becaused we paid with cash, we were required to gave an extra 50 dollar deposit that we were to get back at checkout, well it was a different clerk at the desk, who honestly laughed at my husband and said he wasn't getting anything back! We were charge 50 dollars more per nite then are confirmed reservations stated, it certainly was a bad trip.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I will be truthful here! I stayed at the hotel the weekend before with my wife for 3 days, I have to say that the previous poor reviews are mostly true regarding the conditions of the hotel. For the price, I was not expecting too much more since I have stayed at various hotels in the area and found some similarities and differences. Most of the room are still out of shape even after renovation, but some of the doubles and kings facing the courtyard were nice because I walked by a few when they were being cleaned. But I have to say, finding a few BIG COCKROACHES in your room before bed was one of the highlights of the night. Although the staff apparantly have improved their attitude and service because they have been very accomodating to my needs, so I didn't run into as many problems as the others visitors in the past. The biggest disappointment was the hotel restaurant, Louis XVI which was rated the best in town. I would rate the food quality average, especially for the price. My wife and I ordered 2 appetizers, salad, soup, fillet mignon, and lamb, I think I have had better at Outback Steakhouse. Also my salad came with a pound of salt in it, no kidding, although the service was quick and attending. If you are looking to pay over $150 for your meal for two with wine, I would strongly recommend the BOMBAY CLUB, their food is base off a French/Italian/Asian mix, very delightful, tastey and definitely non-fattening feel in your mouth. The atmosphere is also very nice, dimmed and friendly staff.Overall, I agree with the previous visitors, we might have been a little luckier than others. If you are not planning on staying in the hotel for an excessive amount of time, only for a shower and quick nap, the price is unbeatable. But I strongly oppose the restaurant rating that is for sure.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Delightful Staying at the St. Louis was a delightful experience. I was greeted by 2 front desk clerks who were very friendly and looked around thinking how charming this place is. It's just what you'd expect staying in the heart of the French Quarter. I stayed in one room that was clean, well maintained and up-to-date. (The bidet was cute.) Every single staff member that I crossed paths with was friendly and eager to help. As I read some of these reviews, I wondered what some of their problems really were. Some must people love to complain...The food is incredible, and the bar was beautiful. I ate at both La Louisane, and Louis XVI. Utterly amazing. I had a great time.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid the St Louis Hotel I booked two nights at the St Louis Hotel for a quick trip to New Orleans. This is the first time I stayed at this Hotel. Great location. The room and the service were terrible. The room---could not get the door to open, the walkway flooded every time there was a shower, the A/C did not work, requested extra towels--never delivered, the car is parked in a public garage--takes forever to get brought around. The service---we don't care that the A/C is not working, no we will not transfer you to another room, yes you will have to just wait for the service man---for over an hour--to arrive, and since you booked on line we will not give you any refund. I have never stayed at a place that had such an attitude. I have been to New Orleans many times, but will NEVER stay at this place again. They are on the same level of service that you would expect from a place that charges by the hour.ralph price----wonijack@yahoo.com  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okay - but will not return. This was my second time staying @ this hotel. The first trip was wonderful. We arrived @ the hotel around 3ish (check-in) time. I am not sure if I should have known this or not, but I reserved the room online several weeks prior with a credit card - not planning to take the credit card or any other with me on the trip. Well, upon arrival the front desk requested the credit card. I stated that I didn't bring it  that was the point of me reserving the room online. They advised that they needed the card to get the imprint??? Well, unfortunately, nobody in my party brought a credit card -- only cash  debit cards! So, we had to give them every penny of our cash (several hundred dollars). Of course, we had to then find an ATM to replenish our funds. There were also additional fees that I was never told about. Like the $22 per day parking fee  a $2.50 per day phone service fee even if you don't use the phone. WHAT is that all about. We stayed on the fourth floor. I had requested a view of the street when the reservation was made, but was told @ check-in that we would have a view of the courtyard  that I couldn't have a view of the street. I asked why even give an option if you aren't going to honor it?? I got a simple 'i'm sorry'! So we go to the room. It was clean  smelled fine. The water pressure in the bathroom was awful  a shower took forever. This was on Friday. On Saturday, the elevator BROKE. Mind you that there are only 5 floors  we were on #4. NOT GOOD. I asked when it might be fixed  they said that someone was on their way. They never offered the service elevator until Saturday night when we got back to the hotel in the wee hours of the morning  I guess realized it wouldn't be a good idea for us to take the stairs, so they directed us to the service elevator. Check-out on Sunday took forever. They say call down 20 minutes ahead for them to send a bellhop  get your vehicle. Well, after 30 minutes we carried our own luggage down  the vehicle still wasn't ready. I will probably not stay here again. It wasn't worth the price we paid.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Go somewhere else! I would not suggest staying at this hotel. Get out of the French Quarter entirely. It is nice to visit but not to stay in, especially for a family. This hotel in particular charges $2.50 for a phone, $22.50 for parking, and $2.64 tax on top of all that for a whopping total of $27.64 each night that they don't bother to mention until you get there. The carpet was dirty, the bed sheets look like they have been used since 1970. The bathroom has a bidet but who really needs one? We arrived on a Saturday night (big mistake). When we finally reached the hotel after weaving in and out of drunken party go-ers, there was a very loud wedding reception going on in the courtyard. They may as well have been having it in our room; the sound and beer smell was the same in the room as it was outside the room. If I had it to do all over again, I would gladly pay the few extra bucks and stay at the Sheraton or some other place on Canal St. It borders the French Quarter and was only 2 blocks from this hotel. Bottom line: stay somewhere else!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good 3 Star Hotel in the French Quarter The St. Louis is a nice courtyard hotel in the French Quarter. I have stayed here many times over the years. Yes, it does have weddings in the courtyard on the weekends but my friends and I found the wedding's jazz band a wonderful experience. We sat on one of the upper level balconies and listened to the music and watched the dancing. I asked the hotel staff and they said the weddings are only allowed to go on till 1000pm no later. I've seen other reviews who complain about the noise from the weddings and I'm not sure what kind of stick-in-the-muds these people are...it is New Orleans...a 1/2 block off Bourbon Street; not the quiet Bayou country.I think we benefited from booking directly with the hotel and not through Expedia and Orbitz and so on. The bargain basement prices one pays on these sites mean you're going to get their basic rooms which are basic no doubt about it. Pay a little more and get the courtyard rooms. These rooms in the front of the hotel along Bienville street have great views with nice furniture and some with garden, whirlpool tubs and bidets.This hotel is not the Royal Sonesta across the street or the Monteleone but it is relatively inexpensive compared to others in the area and has a lot of personality. Also, the hotel's Louis XVI restaurant is a AAA 5 Diamond restaurant and is to die for! Fabulous food!If you want cookie-cutter rooms and good prices stay at the nearby Holiday Inn French Quarter on Royal Street. They have self-parking and nice size rooms for families. I'm not sure that the St Louis is a family type hotel.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A nice place I was very apprehensive about staying at this hotel after reading reviews on this site. However, when we arrived on May 25th, I was greeted by 2 front desk clerks who were very friendly and eased my mind immediately! This hotel is old-there is some crumbling brick, some chipped paint, some thin walls. But, this is what makes this place charming and just what you'd expect staying in the heart of the French Quarter. The rooms ( I stayed in one room for 4 days and then returned 2 days later from Baton Rouge and spent another night in another room) were both clean, well maintained and up-to-date. Every single staff member that I crossed paths with was friendly and eager to help. As I read some of these reviews, I can just imagine that these people are looking for the Ritz-you won't get that here. But, thats not what I was looking for and I got exactly what made my first visit to New Orleans memorable. The only negative thing that I can say is that housekeeping can be a little disruptive a little early-especially on the back 2nd floor courtyard. We also were surprised by the valet-only parking that was $19.00+ a day. Other than that, I had a great experience.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>danbel
<Content>Barely Okay A recent Stay at the Saint Louis Hotel was not my best experience.The check in went fine but service during the two day stay was much less than acceptable. Surly desk attendants and a concierge that did not know where Canal Street was left a very bad taste. I stayed in the middle of the week so did not have to deal with any courtyard wedding noise but the noise from Bourbon Street did not allow any peace at all.Will NOT be staying in this low class operation in the future.  
<Date>May 27, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>skandls
<Content>More Shabby than Chic We got this hotel thru priceline. It was not on the biddingfortravel board. We were there for 2 nights of the Jazz Fest and so the rates were still very expensive. The room we got had a freshly cleaned carpet and the room was kept reasonably clean. So at least it did not smell. But for what we were paying I don't expect fingerprints on the doors. They also have the worst bedding. Our blanket (yes one) had so many holes it looked like bad lace. The sheets were so thin they were almost transparent. The hotel could have been very nice a while ago but the rooms have not been kept up. The location was great. Since the building is so old the sound proofing is poor. So if there is an event or your windows open close to Bourbon Street you could be in for some noise.  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honeymoon Hell We stayed at the Saint Louis during our Honeymoon a year and half ago. When we first checked in they gave us the key to our room and told us where to find it. We walked around the hotel for 30 minutes looking for our room. We finally asked for help to locate it and the room we were assigned was not even a room it was a Maid's closet. We were suppose to have a King size bed in our suite, but instead we ended up with a double bed. When we finally got settled in our room, I took of my shoes off and stepped on something sharp on the floor, causing my foot to bleed. I looked down and saw something hard on the floor, I picked it up and studied it, and discovered it was a dried piece of skin. My husband called the front desk to complain and have room service come up and vacuum the floor; and also fix the air conditioner because the noise coming from it was so horrendous, you couldn't hear yourself talk. Neither the front desk the maid or the maintenance man were very pleasant or accomodating at all. My husband and I would like to visit New Orleans again, but rest assure we will not stay at the Saint Louis Hotel again. And we do not recommend the stay to anyone.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>sacbee123
<Content>Great Hotel;Oasis off of Bourbon This is a great hotel, and proves to be an oasis from all the hoopla of Bourbon and surrounding areas. Don't listen to all the bad reviews. I have stayed here several times (we go several times a year to N.O.) and we've never had any problems.The hotel is well kept, had prompt maid service, excellent bar and restaurant, wonderful courtyard (that you can still use even though they use it for other events i.e. weddings, etc.), and it is beautiful. The price is pretty high, but that is true for any hotel in the French Quarter. The Saint Louis is centrally located and you can access anything you want in the French Quarter from the hotel. The staff is very helpful (esp. the bellboys) and keep in mind when you are there---they are more relaxed in New Orleans! Just because they don't move 100mph doesn't mean they aren't helpful:-)  
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stink-bomb St. Louis Every year I vacation in the French Quarter, and this year I made the mistake of staying at the St. Louis Hotel. It was terrible. The staff was unfriendly. They never smiled and acted annoyed everytime someone approached the front desk. We stayed in room 502. Our worst problem was the shower. Everytime the water was run an overwhelming stench of sulpher filled the room. It literally gagged us when we tried to take a shower. I complained to the front desk, and they did nothing! The girl behind the counter simply said oh, never heard of that before and then continued to gossip on the phone and ignored me. Don't bother with the room service. The breakfast that we ordered was cold and hairs were stuck to the inside of my orange juice glass. I will never stay at the St. Louis again!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>$2.50 per day phone charge While checking in the clerk placed a sticker on my room card that said $2.50 per day phone charge. I said I have a cell phone. They eventually removed the sticker. The room rate was higher than quoted when the reservations were made. We were taken to a non smoking room right next to some very noisy AC units. We asked to be moved to a smoking room and that room was even closer to the AC units. The bed had only a few feet between it and the walls. The ice machine was on another floor and there was no coke machine in the hotel!!!!. We left immediately and checked into the Sheraton where we had a beautiful view from the 23rd floor and the coke machine was just down the hall.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loud Wedding Parties I had such a bad experience at this hotel I felt I had to write my first hotel review. This hotel had extremely loud wedding parties in their courtyard every night (Sat/Sun/Mon) until very late. The courtyard amplifies sound into the rooms. When I complained they told me that they wouldn't do anything for me. They apparently feel that they are a wedding party company that happens to have hotel rooms. Since their room charges are $160-180 per night (more for courtyard view), I feel that they ripped me off.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would not stay at this hotel again. I was in New Orleans in April 2003 for four days with my daughter. I booked a room at the St. Louis because of the great description of this hotel on the internet. Our room was in a corner overlooking an alley with old buildings with broken windows etc. The room was very tiny, the air conditioning was not working when we arrived, the bathroom was not very appealing, the carpet was stained. I tried to get another room but was told none were available. When I complained at the front desk that our room was nothing like what the internet site described I was told that the hotel is not responsible for the information on the web site where I booked my room.Other than the room we had a great time!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This was our first time at this hotel, but.. We ( my husband and I) arrived on a Saturday morning and we were able to check in at 2:00 P.M. We had a great afternoon, walking and went out to dinner ..arrived back in our room around 8:30 that evening and witnessed a wedding in the courtyard. How beautiful we thought..went into our room to prepare for bed and then the band started blaring songs. Maybe we shouldn't have gone to bed that early, but we were tired! They played so loud, I couldn't even think. Although they stopped (due to local law) at 11:00 P.M., it was 1:00 A.M. before I could drift off to sleep. We really enjoyed this hotel, but please, ask if there are any weddings planned if you are staying here. You will not be able to sleep. Other than this, this hotel is really nice.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First and Last Time at Saint Louis Hotel We stayed at this hotel Saturday, March 20th, until Tuesday, March 22nd 2005. We thought it would be nice due to the website promotion of the courtyard, room service, and rooms. Unfortunately, we were very dissapointed.People are not kidding when they mention loud music from the weddings that occur in the courtyard. Both Saturday and Sunday, we were subjected to the noise. Do to the numerous weddings, we were not able to use the courtyard ourselves that weekend. It also felt very awkward walking into the hotel and strolling through the wedding party every time we returned from the French Quarter.The room we had was not worth the cost especially with the stains in the the carpeting. Now I know this hotel is located right off of Bourbon, but that does not excuse the carpet from having numerous large drink stains throughout. We did not feel comfortable walking without shoes at anytime and in hindsight we should have changed rooms. A hotel should charge customers with excessive damage and then use the money to get the carpet clean. I will not even go into the stains on the bed spread. It was repulsive.The other problem was lack of staff. We had to ask that our room have maid service when we arrived back each day. One morning we were leaving early and so we ordered room service by putting a card on our door. When nothing arrived, we phoned the front desk and they explained that room service was not available that week do to lack of help.Loud music, filth, and poor service equals bad management. We travel to the city twice a year and will not return to this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Pat1
<Content>beautiful and romantic I stayed at this hotel three times and next year at Mardi Gras will be the fourth. I love this hotel. I have a private balcony. The staff is great. The beds the most comfortable I have ever slept in and the Louis IV restaurant is very classy. The filet mignon is the best around. The waiters are a 10 star for service. You are right next to Bourbon Street and the Absinthe Bar where all the parade bigwigs hang out.I am counting the months until I can return toi the St. Louis Hotel on Bourbon Street.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>St. Louis is fine.... I too was fearful after reading reviews on this site of the St. Louis. Maybe I was expecting the worse, but I was pleasantly surprised by the hotel. Nice staff, rooms were relatively clean and the locale near Bourbon Street was ideal (and no, you could not hear the noise.)If you want a super clean spot, pick a cookie cutter, but to be right in the middle of the action of the Quarter, the St. Louis is a fine choice.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marlatelfair1
<Content>I would not sleep here even if the room was free! I got married at this hotel (in the courtyard) last weekend, the wedding was beautiful, the staff at the wedding was lovely....but the free room they gave me with my wedding was HORRID!!! I called to make sure the room was ready for me to check in (we had a limo and hair people meeting us there)...the room was not ready and we had to wait for 45 min in the lobby with 20 other people in no airconditioning and no seating (this is my wedding day mind you) They did finally let us in the room, but it was a filthy mess! The carpet was so badly stained my white socks were a shade of gray by the time I left. The bathroom was a mess, and the bed was not even made. The head of housekeeping did come by to say she was sorry, but on my wedding day, I was not really prepared for such bad conditions for getting pampered! I did not even stay there, it was to gross!! Like I said the courtyard is beautiful, but the hotel room was a train wreck!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect! This was an anniversary trip for my husband and I and we absolutely loved the St. Louis!We stayed in the Garden District last time (5 yrs ago) and really enjoyed the French Quarter convinience of the St. Louis plus we had a room near the back of the hotel (411) so it was quiet. We couldn't hear any of the Bourbon Street Sounds at night.Beautiful courtyard and friendly staff. Only a couple of FYIs there was no room info packet in our room (you know this is where the ice is... this is where the pool is...etc) and the water pressure in the shower was a little lacking. The rooms were clean, large and well set up. Keep in mind this is NOT A CHAIN HOTEL!!!I will definately stay there again and would highly recommend this place to anyone wanting to feel like they are truly in the Big Easy!!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best of Both Worlds My friends all run the gambit from all night Bourbon Partiers, to back to bed beauty sleepers and this hotel accommodated us all. First our top floor room had 2 large beds and plenty of room. After 100 or more trips to my second home town, I can attest that finding a large room in New Orleans, for an affordable price is no small task.The hotel is 1/2 block from bourbon and 1/2 block from royal so should you choose to go either direction its no problem.Complaints made about lack of drink machines may be valid if you are visiting anywhere, but the French Quarter. 1/2 a block away is the beverage center of the universe and most bars will charge a minimum for a coke. Not at least 21, well this may not be the hotel for you.I'd stay here again in a second, in fact I just put my reservation in.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good stay at St. Louis After making my reservations at the St. Louis for a two day stay in the Quarter I was fearful after reading the bad reviews posted here. Sorry about whatever happened to them, but my wife and I were treated very well there the entire visit. The room was clean and spacious, Tasha at the desk was accomodating and always helpful, the concierge desk was always professional and accomodating. I recommend this hotel and wonder sometimes, after also having a great stay at a resort we went to in Cozumel after reading equally terrible reviews, what people expect sometimes. I wonder if sometimes people just aren't happy with anything. Oh well, I recommend staying at the St. Louis when in the Quarter.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Motel 6 puts more thought into the stay of their guest.... Obviously, you would have thought for their guest there would be a drink machine, or perhaps a small fridge in the rooms....We stayed in a King room, no fridge, no microwave, no drink or snack machine...I understand that the place has to make money, but for goodness sake put a soda machine in the building....!!When I called the front desk I was informed there is an ice machine, but if you are looking for anything to go with the ice you have two options... purchase a $3.00 drink from room service, or Walgreens is 2 blocks away...I recommend Walgreens! I would never stay at this dump again...I also recommend you bring some cleaning supplies for the tub and toilet!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TRAVELBYDEFAULT
<Content>What a Dump! Shock and dismay readily come to mind when I think of my stay at the St. Louis Hotel. The furnishings in the room were old and worn, as was the bedspread. I do not know when this hotel was last renovated, but my guess is sometime in the 70's. Even the bath was host to mold and mildew. We left after the 1st nights stay. I am a person of simple tastes, but cleanliness and disrepair are simply not tolerated - not at approx. $300/night. My best advice - look elsewhere...  
<Date>Jul 20, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Saint Louis Exceeded My Expectations After reading most of the previous reviews, I expected a hotel that would not meet my needs. This was definitely not the case. My room was excellent, the staff friendly and accomodating, and the room we used for business meetings was clean and organized, the refreshments on time and the room temperature was kept very cool. The courtyard provided an excellent place to meet and greet. Also, the PowerPoint projector my company owns failed to work, and the hotel provided a replacement within minutes. If you want a cookie cutter hotel, stay at the Sheraton on Canal. If you want something that is a part of the French Quarter, I would recommend the Saint Louis.   
<Date>Jun 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No Southern Hospitality Here Money grubbing management makes for unaccomidating staff. Ok, we got to town a little early, it was hot, humid, we wanted to change into southern comfortable dress. The room is not available until 3 sir, the courtyard (that we brag endlessy about in our ads) is constantly booked for weddings so don't plan on using it and the tiny lobby is the only place to hang out. Want to wait around for the room? don't expect to be made to feel welcome. Oh, late checkout on a dead as nails Tuesday afternoon? That will be a half days rent sir. If you make the mistake of staying here be sure to check your bill, they riddle it with extra charges that they assume you won't notice. There are lots of other hotels in the quarter, I will stay at one that I know nothing about before I stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>dissappointed in the st. louis Do believe the negative review about this hotel they are correct. We booked this hotel five months ago, the hotel did not inform their guests of the loud live music playing till 11pm everynight, in the courtyard that most every room faces. The music was so loud in your room you could not talk, read or listen to the television. I called the front desk to inquire if they would have live music on saturday night also, they said they would check and call me back. I was told no they would not have live music. Well, what can i say, they lied, there was live music till 11pm and cleanup was just about as loud till 2am. The phones did not work, there was a lot of mold in the shower, there were stains on everything. This is not the place to stay for a nice quiet weekend, or any other time.  
<Date>May 22, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed Hotel St. Louis Hotel St. Louis is in the French Quarter 1/2 block off Bourbon Street. Great location and very comfortable rooms with a lovely central courtyard. We got good service from the staff and everything we needed was within walking distance. I'll definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'd stay again!! My husband and I just returned from a two day stay at the St. Louis. I was skeptical of staying at this hotel from reading reviews after I made reservations. Our stay turned out just fine! The staff at the desk was friendly, some workers seemed to be new. Our parking fee was actually cheaper than some other hotels in the area. If you have stayed in New Orleans before you know that there is a fee and about how much it is. We had a great room with a king size bed and plenty of room. We did not ask for this either. The hot water took awhile at night, but in the morning , plenty. The only noise was the neighbor closing their door and the housekeeping in the morning which is expected. The courtyard was covered with a tent which did not make it as pretty as it could have been and was not real attractive to those rooms that looked out at it. The walk around the upper floors was dirty when we first arrived, but was cleaned later. The location of the St. Louis was great, I would stay again and hope to have as good of a room. Maybe we are not as picky as some visitors.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Took the Bad with the Good Recently spent a week at the St. Louis - the staff were for the most part very pleasant and tried to be helpful. Did have some problems - mouse ran across the floor of our first room. Housekeeping arrived promptly with a large man and a broom. Suggested that a trap or two might be more appropriate. Never found the mouse - they moved us to the room above. That room had less furniture, a slippery bathroom floor, and missing drawer pull on the only piece of furniture that had drawers. Suggested that when moving people due to rodents that perhaps a room of a least equal caliber if not better was appropriate. They did move us again - to the top floor. No problems there. Staff not quite as friendly after this. The inner courtyard rooms were a bit dark and dank, whatever cleaner or freshener used a bit strong. May say it's been recently refurbished on the web site, but our first two rooms certainly didn't look it. Courtyard railings need paint and there were a lot of paint flakes on the rugs on the courtyard balconies. One open supply closet had a big hole in the wall and plaster chips on the floor. Courtyard lovely but it was rented out for two weddings and some kind of breakfast while we were there which meant it was not available to guests. The first morning we were there it was open for breakfast, but they were moving furniture and setting up at 6:22 AM which was quite noisy. All in all, it was not the worst place I've ever stayed, but it certainly has some problems. Probably would not stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dinnerguest
<Content>The postive reviews must be written by owner not paying guests This is one of the worst hotels I ever stayed at. The room was dirty. The staff was uncaring. We asked to speak to a manager and were told one was not available. We did speak to head of housekeeping, and she was very rude. The public area, including the lobby and courtyard are attractive, but the rooms are terrible. I feel some of the flattery reports could have been planted by the hotel. When we were there, the front desk had a steady stream of guests all reporting problems. We talked with other guests during our stay, they all said, they would never be able to recommend this hotel. If you decide to stay there, beware if they tell you there is a penalty for early check out. Most people get trapped by wanting to leave, but knowing they would have to pay for entire stay anyhow.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful and don't listen to the bad reviews Stayed here for spring break...everyone was very friendly and helpful. Our room was perfectly clean and the housekeeping staff was great! Niosy, but you are half a block from Bourbon street, which makes the location ideal. If you are into ghosts, come here. Strange experienced happened. Definetely would stay here again! the courtyard is beautiful!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never will I stay there again Never will i stay in this hotel again. We were there from feb 20 to feb 24. (mardi gras). they have hidden charges, like 23 dollors a night to park your car in the garage. that's after we payed 1600 for our room. we couldn't get maid service. never got clean sheet. i cleaned our room while we were there and the maid's were very getto. breakfest, i got two peices of bacon,eggs and toast. cost 15.00. room was dirty when we checked in and the shower was never cleaned. i would never, ever stay in this place again. anywhere in the u.s. it was a nightmare  
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ignore the Negative Reviews I booked the reservation several months in advance. About 2 months before my trip, I happened upon this website and read all of the negative responses by many disgruntled people. Complaints included rude staff and dirty rooms. I held my breath and thought that I had invested $1500 into a rathole.In short, THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS WERE WRONG. Despite the reviews, I am confident in saying that the hotel had an extremely courteous and reliable staff. During my stay, my laptop power adapter broke and I required a Fed Ex from my job to replace the power supply. One of the staff members named Ken, who was a bellboy, took it upon myself to keep on the lookout for the delivery, and then he was so kind to personally deliver the adapter to my hotel room in the early A.M. The service and attitude of the staff was excellent and they never failed to meet any of my requests.Even when I checked in, I was greeted with a smile and felt as if the staff truly were attentive to my needs. I arrived 5 hours before check-in time, and the staff was so kind as to let me sit in the courtyard and do some paperwork as I waited for my room to be prepared. They even let me check-in a little bit early, as I explained to the desk clerk I was a bit tired from my long trip from New York.As far as the rooms, they were clean and very spacious. There was even a desk in my room so that I could finish the massive amount of paperwork that hassled me on my trip! The shower water was hot, the bathroom was clean, and the beds and bedroom were all well kept and very comfortable.Being so close to the loudness and brash of Bourbon may be a concern to some of the other business people, but noises were hardly an issue, as the fountain drained out ,pst of the drunken partygoers who paraded the streets and yelled, and I stayed during Mardi Gras!The Saint Louis Hotel was a great choice, and even as I sat in the lobby waiting to be checked in, I made a mental note to remedy the negative reviews that caused me to doubt the validity of the hotel. Please email me at luringblaze@aol.com if you require any further details of the hotel.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>murphysmum
<Content>What a nightmare... We booked the St. Louis through ------ approximtely nine months before our arrival and confirmed the day before leaving California. When we arrived, we were told that the St. Louis had overbooked because of a wedding party. At least five other couples shared our experience of having their rooms given away and personnel at the St. Louis acted as if this were perfectly routine. The St. Louis refused a refund but offered rooms at their sister hotel the St. Ann. This hotel is the filthiest place I have ever been in. We were unable to use the shower due to mold; phones were nonfunctional and the carpet was covered with stains. From reading comments about hotels as well as the St. Louis, this doesn't appear to be an isolated incident.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Even with reservations 7 months in advance, they booked us in to a seedy,dirty 'sister' hotel called St Ann's. After our all day flight from California, we arrived at the St Louis Hotel to be told that they had given our room to someone else and had booked us at their sister hotel. We were tired and wanted our room and we were told that the St Louis was completely booked. We were ushered through a parking lot to another street and entered the St Ann Hotel. The St Ann was shabby, the elevator smelled horribly so you had to hold your breath for the entire ride, the rooms were dirty, the phone did not work and the shower had a small trickle to offer. We had prepaid 243.00 for the St Louis and found that the St Ann was 165.00 per night. They would not pay us the difference for the room. Thanks to the St Louis Hotel we had a terrible hotel experience.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My Favorite Hotel in New Orleans This is a fabulous hotel. I have stayed at many properties in New Orleans, and this is my favorite. After reading the reviews on this site I was skeptical......but had already booked. My stay was wonderful. The hotel is charming and quaint. The street is quite noisy..........but you are in the middle of the French Quarter, so you must adjust to your surroundings. If you are looking for quiet, book in the Garden District. But, if you are looking for a reasonably priced hotel with history and much better than average accomodations, this is it. Highly recommended by this New Orleans frequenter.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>emjay20
<Content>Never Stay Here Again We stayed here the weekend of November 18-22, 2003. We travel a lot and have not stayed in such a dive, ever. The front desk staff was rude. We arrived early afternoon and were told to hang around until 3:00 when we could get in line to check in. We reserved a king room over the Internet but were given a terribly small queen room with no closet because we didn't book directly through the hotel. The entire visit the lovely courtyard was covered by a filthy, mold-covered tarp, which was what we saw when we left or entered our room, or attempted to look out the window. Housekeeping was virtually nonexistant. After much begging we finally had service after the third day (no towel change, linen change, etc.) I will never stay here again and would definately not recommend this place to anyone. HORRIBLE!!  
<Date>Dec 18, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What A Dump I booked my hotel through hotels.com, and their characterization of this hotel couldn't be any more misleading. I normally stay at the Monteleone or the International House while in New Orleans. This was an extremely busy weekend in the city, as there was a football game in town, and so I took a chance on this hotel. I arrived at the hotel, and the young man checking in guests couldn't locate my reservation, and it took him 30 minutes to get it confirmed. He made it clear that the hotel disliked dealing with internet clients. I asked for a king non-smoking that faced the courtyard. I was told that since I booked through the internet, they only took these requests after they satisfied their customers who booked directly through the hotel. I was also brusquely informed that check-in was at 3:00 PM (it was about 1:30 when I arrived), and I needed to get back early to get in line to get my room key. When I got back, and went up to my room (supposedly non-smoking), it reeked of cigarette smoke, was filthy and dingy. I went back to the front desk and received a slightly smaller room that was equally smelly, filthy and drab. I waited quite a while for my luggage, and finally went down and retrieved it myself. When I called downstairs to find out where a vending machine was, or if I could get some bottled water, I was told to go to Walgreen's. I was able to get some water and a coke after I spoke with the hotel manager. The concierge is non-existent (at least I never saw anyone at the desk) and the staff is rude. The elevator broke down the morning after I arrived, and the staff was quite irritated that myself and another woman wanted to use the service elevator instead of climbing up and down five flights of stairs. When I returned to the hotel fairly late one evening, I could not get my key to work. It took two trips back down to the lobby to find someone who get my door open, and then I was told I had not jiggled the door properly. Finally, upon my departure, the concierge told me, after I asked for a cab to take my me and my luggage to another hotel to pick up a friend to go to the airport, that the cab would charge me $10, and it would be easier if I just walked. He then specifically told the cab driver to charge me $10 for the fare. I would rather forego a trip to New Orleans than stay at this fleabag hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>All reviews were correct. It was horrible. My in-laws made the reservation. I read the reviews in the trip advisor and my god were they right. First the rooms were ok but there was mold in the shower area and it had a smell to it, and the bureau that held the t.v. was broken. When we checked in we paid the amount in cash and was told that they had tacked on a $100.00 deposit which is farley normal. At that point it was the same price as the company that booked us said it would be. However when we checked out the woman said that we owed another $270.00. My husband and I were in shock. The charges they listed were outlandish. With my in-laws paying for all the parking our bill turned out to be the same amount as their's with these extra charges that the woman stated we should have been charged from the beginning. So, everybody's math was wrong but her's. The staff in general was rude and lazy. Don't stay there.....  
<Date>Nov 4, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Depends on Your Priorities We just returned from a three day stay in room 420. We chose the hotel for its location and on a Conde Nast recommendation. We booked directly with the Saint Louis thinking some of the problems we had read about might have stemmed from using a discount booking agent. It was still very cheap compared to neighboring hotels.There are some very nice things about the hotel. The location is great, and the facade, courtyard and bed quality were all fine. Not so fine are the shabby lobby, hit-and-miss elevator, and the low standard of cleanliness. In fairness, I waved down a housekeeper and got additional towels and another attempt at vacuuming the tired, stained carpet. That was the highlight of service. The rest of the staff were slow and uncaring. This is the first time at any hotel that I have not been asked if I enjoyed my stay. They knew.Be warned: the courtyard is a very popular wedding venue, and there is no way anyone can sleep if the place is rocking The band stopped at 11:00, but the party just drifted to the street for another half hour of goodbyes.So, if you are young, on a budget, planning to be out late anyway, and rarely clean your own bedroom - the location is great and you will save money. If that is not you, don't stay here. We won't again.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>17fan
<Content>wish I would have read these reviews before booking Just got back from a stay at the Saint (definately missed named) Louis Hotel. I wish I would have read these reviews earlier, it would have saved a lot of frustration. First off we were charged over $50 more per night than I had been quoted when I made the reservation, then given the run around by staff. If the reviews are any indication I should'nt even bother taking it a step further. Also as was mentioned earlier the courtyard is used for parties and receptions, so what we thought would be a quiant courtyard view turned out to be like being in the front row of a rock concert, the music was soooo loud. Room is extremely small. Don't let this detour you from going to New Orleans, just find another place to stay. There are plenty other good places.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Hell We made our reservations on-line and once the purchase was made, I called the hotel directly the evening before to confirm our room, type of room, view, bed and even got a confirmation number.We arrived late in the evening (2:00 am) from Houston and all we wanted to do was sleep. Despite me calling them 2x when we were on the road to confirm everything was fine, when we arrived,m the hotel said our room had water damage and that there were no more available, but that they would take us a block over to their sister hotel. I was very disappointed and very frustrated. The place was a dump. The bathroom was filthy, the furniture was torn, I was uneasy about sleeping in the bed that looked like it had a banana curve in it. The Manager stated they would have a room available for us to switch to at the St. Louis in the morning, but when we called they told us they had nothing. I requested to speak with the Manager Joe Hurts and left my cell#, I have called numerous times since and to no avail, he is never available and does not return calls. We paid $250.00 for Friday, Sat  Sunday. We checked out on Sat morn and went down the street to the Hampton Inn and were treated very graciously, they gave us a beautiful room that was clean and the staff was wonderful. Never stay at the St. Louis Hotel. It is overpriced and a disgusting pit of hell.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>St Louis Hotel Hell My wife and I booked a room at the St louis Hotel with hotwire.com. We called the day before to confirm our reservations and were told that our room was reserved and that we were upgraded to a bigger room at no extra charge, and were given a confirmation #. When we arrived at the hotel we were told that the room we had reserved had received some water damage and was not available. The staff said they would put us up in their sister hotel, The St Ann Marie, two blocks over just for the night and that we would be given a room at the St. Louis the next day. The room at the St Ann Marie was horrible. The floors were dirty, the bathroom hadn't been cleaned in quite a while, and the bed was sunken in. The next mornig we were told that our room at the St Louis Hotel was not available. When we informed them what the night staff had told us they said that since we booked online that we were only guaranteed a room with them, not a specific room. We tried to give them our confirmation # and basically were told, too bad. My wife and I left and went and got another room at a different hotel. Please do not stay at this dump. The staff is horrible, the management incompetent, and the rooms are disgusting. This has to be the worst hotel in New Orleans.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

