<Author>norinice
<Content>Lovely! This is a really nice place to stay. Well run, clean, beautifully maintained grounds. They must spend a fortune in landscaping alone because the gardens and greenery are superb!The pools are fabulous. Staying here allows you use of the facilities at the JW Marriott which are amazing. A shuttle transports guests between the two hotels all day.There is a large, entertaining mall just down the road with everything you could imagine. The shuttle also transports you there if you like. I had a rental car and prefer to drive myself.The shuttles are nice though and the staff all around treats you like royalty. Very sophisticated.If you have kids this is the place for you for sure. They will spend the whole day in the many, many pools and be happy.My only possible complaints would be (and this isn't the fault of the hotel per se) the complete lack of any interesting food choices in the area. I can only take but so many chain restaurants. Also, there is a shortage of things to do in the evening. The JW has a lounge singer in the cocktail bar which is nice. But there's really nothing going on at night. Drinks are attractive and well made, but pricey.I can't rave enough about the flora and fauna on the grounds. Quail, rabbits, duck, lizards, cacti. I have tons of pictures I'll definately post. This place is gorgeous! The king size bed has quality cotton sheets and is comfy. The rooms are incredibly clean. Get a one or two bedroom for more than one person because they come with a full size kitchen and living area. The studios are tight. Bring your family here. Relax, and enjoy yourself. I'll be back for sure! Thumbs up!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ordinaryfolks
<Content>Studios very small We stayed Nov 2-Nov 9 2008. Booked through II and got a studio unit as that was all that was available. The studio is very, very small and would not recommend more than 2 in the unit. The small bar area is the designated area for the coffee maker and toaster, but it was a juggling act every morning making breakfast. There is a bar size fridge and microwave. They supply 2 packs of coffee but no filters which we found rather odd. The sink is too small to really do dishes, so we purchased disposables - great for us bad for the environment. The lock-off is not at all sound proof - you can hear everything - I mean everything! The resort is beautifual and staff awesome. The staff mapquested everything we asked. Would stay again but only in a 1 bedroom unit.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>daisy921
<Content>This is the One! I booked this resort through a getaway from Interval International.I booked a 2-bedroom unit for my husband and me and my sister-in-law and her husband. We arrived early and the clerk was very nice. The unit was a 2-bedroom lock-out so the studio unit was not cleaned but we were able to leave our luggage in the one-bedroom until the studio unit was available. The grocery store and mall was no more than a mile away and easy to access. The resort also have a shuttle bus that will take you the mall (no charge) and to JW Marriott. The Marriott Canyon Villas resort is very clean! The weight room and exercise room are nice but sort of small, which is fine because it was never crowded. Also it is open 24 hours. There are 2 pools at the Marriott Canyon Villas, these are nice but the real treat was the lazy pool at the JW Marriott! We were able to relax to the fullest in the lazy river pool and I really enjoyed the sliding board! All residents at the Marriott Canyon has access to the pools at the JW Marriott Resort. The JW Marriott resort is beautiful! The green grass, tall shady trees and decor is marvelously. The JW Marriott has 4 pools including a nice sprinkler for the little ones. The front desk clerks were exceptionally kind at the Marriott Canyon Villas. They offered to Mapquest anywhere we wanted to visit and made some very good suggestions of activities off the resort. The front desk clerks even offered to print our boarding passes for our return back to Cleveland, Ohio. The Marriott Canyon Villa also had a scheduled sheet for all the activitites on the resort for each day.I would recommend this resort for everyone! I hope to return soon. What a good time we all had! I don't think you could go wrong at this resort even if you are picky! :-)  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lauriee
<Content>Fabulous Vacation Experience We spent a week at the Canyon Villas during the second week of September. We loved the place. We would have preferred a one bedroom unit and were willing to pay an upgraded price however we were told there was no availability? The studio/lock-off unit was small however sufficed.Check-in was easy and friendly staff. Judy, the Concierge at the Canyon Villas is very helpful and always friendly to visit with. We attended the orientation on Monday morning to hear about tours and things to do in the area. This was very helpful. Glad we attended. We took the Segway Tour and this was sooo much fun. The instructor/guide, Darci, is awesome! Other highlights included our Spa Day at the JW Marriott across the street. This Spa is among the best we have ever experienced, absolutely lovely in every way imaginable. If you visit the Spa, be sure to check out the two Owls that inhabit the palm trees located near the outdoor spa. The dining is fantastic. Kierland Commons has a great Tommy Bahama Cafe and Maestro's Fish and Seafood Restaurant. We never made it to Roy's at the JW, however will visit Roy's Asian Fusion Bistro next time and there is no doubt that there will be a next time. Can't end this review without mentioning the beautiful pools at the JW Marriott. Canyon Villas have nice pools too and a great Lizard Lagoon Pool for the kids.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Chred1
<Content>Great Desert Oasis We traded through Interval International to stay at the Villas. We had a great time. We stayed in the whole two bedroom unit, which was clean and updated. Unfortunately we were near the construction but there was only one time that I even heard any noise. The main pool was great with waterfalls that provided excellent background. The kids pool was a nice touch also, it'll be even better when they add the third pool. The access to the JW was nice. It has the restaurants, more pools, spa, golf. My wife had a massage and was very impressed by the service and facilities. There is a shuttle but we walked every time, it's not far. I walked to the Starbucks every morning. There is also better outdoor seating at the lounge at the JW. The real key is having the shopping so close. We went to the grocery store and Target rather than bringing supplies with us. We have a six month old so that was key. The restaurant choices there are nice also. I'd recommend BJ's Brewhouse for the pizza and the beer. We also made day trips to Sedona and the Grand Canyon, they were long days but worth it. I would definitely recommend this place to anybody, there was a good mix of singles, married no kids, families, retired.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kthomas2008
<Content>Relaxing This property is emaculate. The check in service was A+++. They were able to get us the best room available (looking over the main pool  top floor). Note that I did call in this request about 9 months before our arrival. The only thing I found that could use some TLC is the concierge desk... they didnt seem to really want to talk to my boyfriend and I because we were not interested in purchasing a timeshare. Plus it seemed like all of their events had to do with purchasing a timeshare. I would have enjoyed some other non timeshare sales events: movie night, card night...whatever... without the sales pitch. Anyways the area was fantastic. Nice pools  great views of the AZ sunsets.The property has a shuttle that takes you to the local mall area (many nice places to eat  shop). Our favorite was the Grilled Expedition-- awesome happy hour!We will be back!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>txmom95
<Content>Beautiful resort! We stayed here a week in July after booking a great rate through Interval Intrnational. This place is incredible and wished we could have stayed another week. We never heard any noises from our neighbors. We stayed in a 2 bdrm. which was very large and great for our family of four with 2 pre-teens, giving us plenty of space to spread out. The kids had their suite and we had ours! We propped the door of their bedroom open most of the time. Everything was beyond our expectations. All of the staff was very friendly and helpful. The pools at the Marriott Villas were very nice and the kids (and husband) enjoyed playing water basketball. The hot tub has a large waterfall and felt great. We also thoroughly enjoyed the pools at the JWMarriott next door, especially the lazy river. The staff has pitchers of ice water with plastic cups for you to help yourself while enjoying the pool. The grounds at the JWMarriott are absolutely stunning along with the views of the surrounding mountains. Guests of the Villas have access to the JWMarriott. One note: check with the front desk at the JWMarriott and have them code your swimming passes on your first visit. The passes given to you at the Villas will not work until they are coded at JWMarriott. (I had read this in another review but didn't actually believe it.) We took advantage of a free walking Desert Tour offered at the JWMarriott by a local geologist on Sat. morning and would highly recommend it. He was very knowledgable and I learned about the local plants and animals, incl. interesting facts about the landscaping at the JWMarriott. The Marriott Villas was our base for touring the Phoenix area. It is not the most convenient location for exploring the downtown area of Phoenix but staying at the awesome villas made up for that. Because we wanted to see as much of Phoenix as we could, we were unable to fully take advantage of the wonderful pools, activities, etc. that Marriott had to offer. I can visualize a family with young children or teenagers never having to leave the resort other than eating out. FYI: there is only one fast food restaurant in the immediate area so if you are out and about, don't wait until you get to the immediate area of the Marriot to look for a place to eat. My husband and son played golf one afternoon despite the 100+ tempertures. Ice water is kept at every hole for the golfers. I cannot say enough about our week. Oh, I almost forgot--we recieved a call a week before our stay asking us if we had any questions and preferences on our stay.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>debt
<Content>wonderful We stayed in a 2 bedroom from June 25-July 2 and loved the canyon villas. There is so much room and it was wonderful to have free wireless available. Every morning my husband and I walked over to the JWmarriott for coffee and danish at the Starbucks which opens very early for the golfers. It was a very pleasant walk - we did it about 7am. Even though the days were usually 112 degrees, it really didn't bother us. usually from 2-5 if we weren't in the pool, we either went to the movies at the huge shopping complex nearby or were in room there. we even enjoyed the 2 great hot tubs in all that heat. The bigger pool was cooler than I prefer, probably because of the waterfall, so we used the 'lap' pool that wasn't restricted to laps. I loved looking at mountains in the distance everywhere. One day we went swimming at the marriott as I was excited about the lazy river. our cards didn't work in the gate, but someone was there to let us in and told us the villa cards never work. we got tubes and went around about 5 times and then went back to villa. that very night we got a voice mail saying the next day the tubes would be $10/day for a person! I was very glad we went the day we did. we didn't go back. I really think that is terrible. there were plenty of tubes and people used them when they wanted and then put them back. we had a nice pool at the villas so never went swimming again at the marriott. it was so easy to take our rental car and drive to the villas. the roads are all very easy. the shopping complex is so great- has so many restaurants. we ate there each evening. we also saw 2 movies there. we went to mini golf about 12 minutes away and one day went bowling right when it opened and got fantastic rate per game. we took the morning tour in the desert where we were able to shoot six shooters, potato gun and throw tomahawk. my 17 year old thought that was one of best highlights. we took the whole day detours trip to grand canyon. you go to sedona, see the red rocks, have 30minutes in a shopping area, then off to helicopter spot by grand canyon. all 12 of us in the van did it and it was amazing. little pricey but it was a highlight. then off to the south rim and saw the grand canyon from 3 different locations. breathtaking. on way back we stopped at navajo trading post. long day, but wonderful. we also went to heard museum one day which my husband and son found boring, but I enjoyed. we went to taliesin west one morning- get there when they open and definitely take their umbrella to walk around. it was too expensive for what they offered, but I did enjoy it. I really recommend the villas. the price was so much more reasonable that the hotel, we had so much space and the wireless internet was free.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nascar9
<Content>Awesome Resort! We stayed in a two bedroom and absolutely loved this place. Check in was a breeze. The front desk people were very nice. As a matter of fact, all the employees (even the maintenance people) were really friendly. The unit we stayed in was nice sized and clean. It came with a few extra stuff that most timeshare units don't provide. (extra TP, paper towels, coffee filters, porcelain coated pans).  We all (2 adults and two kids) loved the pools. There were plenty of chairs available at all times. There is a tiki style bar at the pool that serves drinks and food. Prices are what you can expect from a resort type pool bar. Bar staff were really fun to talk to and gave good advice on what to do in the area. They had live Cowboy Music on one of the nights that was pretty fun.  There are nice gas grills available both near the main building and some near the condo units. There are planned activities for kids and adults you can sign up for.  There is a pool table, ping pong table, and a life sized chess board to use for guests.  As mentioned here, the resort has a free shuttle that will take you to the sister property the JW Marriott and a nearby mall. The mall (Desert Marketplace??) has an Albertsons and a Target store as well as other similar stores including bars and restaurants. As a guest at Canyon Villas, you can use the facilities at JW. The pool here is beautiful. They have a fantastic lazy river that we enjoyed. There are staff on site that will bring a pitcher of ice cold water right to where you sit down by the pool.  We booked this thru a getaway on II. We have stayed at numerous timeshare properties and the Canyon Villas was the nicest so far.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lindyloo1
<Content>Fantastic scenery My husband and I arrived at Canyon Villas after a long drive from California. The reception desk was very pleasant and they gave us the keys to the villa and keys to the hotel pool should we wish to use it.Our villa was itself was quite small as it was only an efficiency villa so we didn't have any cooking facilities, we had a comfortable bed and a smallish bathroom. The villa however was clean and quite pleasant, unfortunately the cleaning staff had forgotten to remove coats and trousers that had been left by the people before us and we had to remove these ourselves as nobody came to take them away even though we rang down numerous times and were told somebody was on their way ! The people that owned these coats etc came back for them early evening just before we went out and were fortunate to find us there. When we rang the front desk asking for these to be removed for the fourth time and nobody came we gave up and we thought this was very bad indeed of the staff there. Having said this, we have stayed at the Phoenician in Phoenix and this Resort is a hundred times nicer.However, the whole resort is absolutely fantastic as it is next to the JW Marriott Resort  Spa and you have full use of their facilities. The pools are beautiful, the selection of restaurants are v.good indeed and we went to Roys Asian Cuisine most nights which is situated just at the side of the lounge within the hotel. The hotel is simply beautiful and has every facility imaginable. There is a large Starbucks that opens at 5.30am in order that golfers can grab a coffee and pastry before playing golf as it is 38C by 10.30. We went to Starbucks quite a lot.The most wonderful scenery surrounds this resort and in fact surrounds Phoenix, Scottsdale and Arizona in general and we would love to go back one day as it is a relaxing place to be.The villas are not attractive, there are far better Marriott villas and we can only assume that these were intended to be in keeping with the South Western style. However, the hotel facilities make up for the villas as it is absolutely beautiful.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	2	5	

<Author>disneyfanandmom
<Content>Not What I Expected We stayed at the Marriott Canyon Villas from May 31 to June 6. We checked into the hotel around 11:00am and our room was not ready, which was fine because we had requested a room on the third floor overlooking the pool. However, we came back to check in we were given a second floor room not quite overlooking the pool. However, when I went to fix the kids a snack, the dish area was crawling with ants. I called the front desk and the maintenance man sprayed for the ants. The smelled bothered me and I requested another room. We ended up in building 3300 (the farthest area from the pool) on the first floor looking at the desert (as described, but really some desert plants and a dirt road for the maintenance men.) Our next incident with bugs came after my son took his bath. There was a cockroach behind the toliet. Again the room was sprayed. (Bug season in Arizona is what I was told, haven't had these issues at the Marriott resorts in Florida) I then awoke at 4:00am to use the bathroom and the door was locked. (I closed the door to not smell the spray and the door ended up locking.) Unfortunately, there were no other rooms. During the rest of our visit, we encountered the following items: a missed wake up call, keys that did not work at the JW pool area and an unannouced visit to our room (a request was made for new towels in another room, but our room was changed in error - did not expect someone to entry our room while we were away.) Overall, we enjoyed Arizona. We took the AZ Hummer Tour which was awesome. The best part of the resort was the pool. It would have been nice if an attempt was made to reconcile the issues that we encountered.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>quiet-pro
<Content>Good Quality Resort This was our second stay at this resort so we knew what to expect.The big concern this year was the ongoing construction of the two new additional buildings that are going up on the south?side.When we arrived at the front desk we asked for a top floor unit anywhere in the complex except in the two buildings that were adjoining the construction area(2500  2600?).The front desk clerk was more than willing to look and called over her supervisor to confirm the best spot for us,a family of four in a two bedroom unit.The unit we were given was perfect,overlooking the pool,and we heard no construction noise at all during our stay.The staff training here seems to be very good and if I compare it to,say,a previous vacation at the Westin Kaanapali Ocean Resort Villas,then I would have to say that it is vastly superior!Having the full access to the adjoining JW Marriott hotel is great,especially for the Lazy River.The resort is entirely non-smoking which is a welcome relief and I know my children really enjoyed that aspect.We will definitely come back again and enjoy the pools and the adjoining 36 holes of golf.(get your best rates the day before at golfnow.com).  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AuroraIL
<Content>Loved It WOW! What a timeshare property. I have stayed at a couple of timeshare properties in the past and they have been OK, but nothing like this. I might have to consider purchasing a place here.Before Our Trip:We were contacted by the resort a week prior to checking in to see if there any special requirements that we had. This caught us off guard because we has exchanged through interval to stay here, and we are not even Marriott's owners. We had told them that we would be arriving the morning and they said it would be no problem to drop off our bags at the front desk and get started on our vacation.Check-In:Check-in was a breeze, we arrived about 11am. The guy at the front desk was extremely friendly. Gave us a detailed overview of the Villas and the JW Marriott across the way. Also gave us recommendations of restaurants at the Desert Ridge Marketplace that was close by. He then realized that our room was not ready yet, but checked to see if anything else was available. The was an available room and he let us check-in to that room right away.Room:We were only able to find the efficiency available when we booked on interval, but it was just fine for the two of us. It was just your standard Marriott hotel room that was clean, comfortable, and enough space for the two of us. It did not have a full kitchen, but had a small sink, mini refrigerator, and microwave. If traveling with a family I would recommend at least getting the one bedroom unit. That has more room and a full kitchen and dining area.Pools:I found the pools at both the Canyon Villas and the JW Marriott to be very nice. They were both clean and had plenty of towels to use. I thought the pool at the Canyon Villas was not nearly and busy and cramped at the one at the JW, but the one at the JW did have the benefit of having a lazy river. At the Canyon Villas they gave us a key card to access the pools at the JW. None of them worked, but if you go the the front desk at the JW they will exchange it out for one that will work.All and all it was a fun and relaxing vacation that was further enhanced by the helpful and friendly staff at the Canyon Villas.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>EastCoastGirl1
<Content>Loved Marriott Canyon Villas We traded through II into this property. We stayed from April 26th to May 3rd. The weather was perfect - high 80s to high 90s during the day and at night you needed a light sweater. We didn't see one cloud the entire week. The villas are only 20 minutes from the airport - very easy access to the highways. We checked in around 5 pm and the staff were very friendly. We were in unit 2959 (the third floor). The units are very nice and comfortable. The bed was great. We had a walk in shower and jacuzzi tub. The balcony was small .. had a table and 4 chairs, but it was a squeeze. The resort offered a few activities as well as activities at the JW Marriott, where you would walk to or take a shuttle. The shuttle also went to the Desert Ridge Marketplace - plenty of shopping and restaurants as well as an 18 screen movie theatre and a supermarket. They are building a new shopping area (right next to the Marketplace) called City Place that will open in the next few years. It will be a more upscale shopping center with Nordstrom and Bloomingdales. I've been told it will be similar to Kierland Commons (near the Westin Resort). We ate dinner at Kierland Commons twice .. once an italian restaurant called North and at a french bistro called Zinc. Zinc had a nice courtyard room where the roof retracts in nice weather. Both had very good food. We went to the Chart House for dinner one night and had a great meal. Their chocolate soufle was wonderful! We also had dinner at Roys over at the Marriott Hotel - very nice. We had dinner on the patio - it was lit with Tiki Torches and they have a firepit. If you dine there on Friday and Saturday nights, you can hear the music from the band that plays outside on the Marriott patio. The pool areas at both the resort and villas was very nice and kept very clean. My husband golfed every day. He loved that he could get out very early in the morning - just after 6 am. We bought the par n'pamper pass for $500 which entitled us to 5 rounds of golf, 5 spa treatments or a combination of the two. Good deal - especially in the high season months! The spa was the nicest I have seen. It had it's own pool with a jacuzzi and very plush lounge chairs. The spa has it's own restaurant and the two services I received were WONDERFUL! I can't wait to go back. Feel free to email me with any questions.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dawn868
<Content>Wonderful Familiy Resort - Vacation Timeshare Swap via Interval International - Wonderful family vacation resort with clean villas, pool, playground equipment and all other resort amenities. We stayed in a 1-Bedroom Master Suite that was handicapped accessible - great accommodations for wheelchair/disabled in the bathroom and kitchen for my husband. The shuttle is handicapped accessible for JW Desert Ridge Resort as well as the Marketplace. Great resort activities to keep the family entertained, our 7-Yr old daughter loved the pool selection, and playground, as well as resort activities (Chess/Checkers, Water Balloon Toss, Arts  Crafts, etc).We will definitely return back to the Desert Ridge - after traveling to the West Canyon - welcome vacation resort for rest  relaxation.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	3	4	5	

<Author>fernh
<Content>Didn't Want to Leave We are timeshare owners at this property and booked our stay a year ago. This was our first time staying here a full week. We booked the 2 bedroom villa so our grown kids could stay with us. We requested a golf course view, top floor, quiet, away from construction and that is exactly what we got. Check in was easy. We arrived early, around 2:30pm, and our villa wasn't ready but all we had to do later was come back to get our keys. They took our cell phone number so they could call us when it was ready. The staff there is great and always want to help. We took that time to grab a late lunch and stock up on some supplies at Albertson's. The villa itself was exactly as I remembered and the view of the mountains and the golf course was gorgeous. So, were there any problems? Not really, but there were some things I should mention. I love the Marriott pillowtop beds. The master bedroom and the lockoff beds, however, were not that bed type. They were new but fairly hard mattresses. Not uncomfortable at all. I never woke up with a backache. These must be what they use in all of their timeshares as it was the same at one of the Florida properties we stayed in last year. The sofa bed in the living room was another story. The mattress was incredibly thin. The mattress cover and fitted sheet we got from the closet were too big and bunched up. The top sheet had small tears around the hem. Not what I expected from Marriott but my oldest son wasn't bothered that much. Oh, here's one thing that really bothered me. I like to sleep in a totally dark room. The drapes in the master bedroom and the lockoff were fine, they did close all of the way to block out the light. The problem was the smoke detector in all of the rooms. It had very bright blinking lights. They blinked every 3 seconds. It drove me crazy. Same in the living area and the lockoff. You never notice it until you turn the lights out. I never really got used to it. The pool area was nice and only really crowded the first day. Never any problem parking near the villa either. After staying here, it will be very hard to stay in a regular hotel room.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>pb1333
<Content>Loved the Villas       Spring in the Dessert, Marriott Grand Canyon Resort  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>livewireworld
<Content>Roomy and Relaxing Spent a week here on a time share exchange the week before Xmas and enjoyed every minute of it. It was dark when we arrived, but the resort was colorfully decorated for the holidays. Check-in took less than a couple minutes and we were on our way to our 2-bedroom unit for some much needed rest.The suite seemed very new and was spotless. Each bedroom had a king bed, comfortable bedding, and lots of storage space. The main bedroom had a large soaking tub along with a separate large shower. The suite had three flat-screen TV's each with a DVD player. Lots of channels along with a few HBO and Encore channels. The kitchen is functional with full-size frig (there's a small one in the guest bedroom), microwave, full stove  oven, dishwasher, and washer/dryer. They give you enough dishwasher soap, but you'll need your own laundry detergent.A nice touch was a water feature on one of the walls which added to the relaxing ambience. We were on the first floor so we were only steps from our car in the parking lot. The property itself is quite large. To the east (which is the direction our villa faced) is a golf course and the JW Marriott is probably less than one mile away. To the north is some more of the golf course and some desert landscape. To the west over a wall are some homes, but you hardly notice them. To the south, they've begun construction on the next phase of the resort so I would imagine the villas at that end will be somewhat noisy in 2008. The hotel provides a regular shuttle to the JW Marriott and Desert Ridge Marketplace. The small gift shop really has very little in it. There's also a nice pool area with two waterfalls, whirlpool, large scale chess set, outdoor barbecues, playground, grass volleyball court, pool table, and ping pong table. There is something scheduled at the resort every day for every age group so you can choose whatever you might be intrested in.Being so close to the Desert Ridge Marketplace was a big plus. We ate there, shopped groceries there, saw movies there, and did a little last minute holiday shopping. The resort is close to the freeways, but still feels like it's in a very quiet area which was nice. We all really enjoyed our stay and I'd strongly recommend this place.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>WalesHolscrazy
<Content>Phew!!!!! lbertsons are a 3min drive away. Can't think of anything the supermarket didn't sell, apart from proper baked beans, but then you can never get them in the states!We ate at The Keg, both the steak  the salmon was delicious. We also tried The Bamboo Club - a wide variety of asian dishes on offer. Did not eat at the JW but Roy's looked superb.Very,very hot the entire week but you know before you go so be prepared. Will not be returning - there are too many places out there still to visit, but would recommend both the MCV  Arizona.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gummybarb
<Content>This resort is fabulous!!! We have just returned from a week at the Canyon Villas. We had the two bedroom villa and it was absolutely amazing! It was so big that we got lost in it! We can't say enough good things about this property! We loved the fact that it was so close to Desert Ridge Shopping Mall and soon there will be even more shopping called CIty North. We didn't mind the heat (109 degrees) because we were having so much fun. I highly recommend this property to anyone that likes a first class resort!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Philly3
<Content>Canyon Villas Is Awesome This property was wonderful. We booked here for 3 nights on short notice because the JW Marriott Desert Ridge was booked. Our villa was beautiful and spacious. Just what we needed at the end of an 11 day vacation in Arizona. We used the shuttle to the JW each day and enjoyed two fantastic days at the pools there. Our 9 year old loved it and we all hated to leave. Lunch by the pool each day was top notch. With access to all the services, restaurants at the JW plus a gorgeous full size condo, we were in heaven. Cocktails with live music outside on the patio was perfect before dinner at Roy's. Who cares if it is 112 degrees? We stayed at the Fairmont Princess for 4 days at the beginning of our vacation before going to Sedona and Grand Canyon. The Princess was great, but a different experience. We actually liked Canyon Villas/JW Marriott Desert Ridge better. Can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>barbrs
<Content>Very enjoyable experience We really enjoyed our stay there.The staff was super and the condos were nicel decorated with all the amenities you could want. The pool with it's wateralls was beautiful. Sitting nder the misters helped with the heat. Nice golf course - we didn't use it though. Would definitely go back.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travel-travel-Dar
<Content>Awesome property...SO relaxing! This property is immaculate with a true south-west feel.We stayed in 2 bedroom unit overlooking the pool and found it quiet and scenic. The 3rd floor allows views of the mountains and desert.The Desert Ridge Mall is so close but in the heat it is certainly too far to walk with groceries. Albertsons Groceries has everything. The pool was a good size and we loved the misters. The poolbar/snack bar items were reasonably priced and in fact it was cheaper than any resort pool bar/resturant I have ever been to. Great food for kids and adults alike. We looked at the JW resort and took a spin though the lazy river over at the hotel but found it too busy,crowded and over priced. Stay at the villas for a true vacation.The staff were there when you needed them but certainly let you sit and relax.Bottom line, I'd take my family to visit this resort every year. I'd buy a unit here if I could right now!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Diamondgirl
<Content>Great Resort!! Great place to stay. We stayed during the week of 6-17/6-24 in a two bedroom villa. Very spacious and everything seemed quite new inside the villa. King bed in each room, the second bedroom is a lock off with its own entrance. The pool area wasn't the biggest but it sure was among the best. Nice waterfalls, great bartender, great drinks and food. JW Marriott just a quick drive away. There is free parking there if you rent a car, also the shuttle service is available. I asked for a certain building (2800)  I received it. Great view of the pool area and the JW Marriott. We have stayed in quite a few Marriott resorts over the years (I do prefer Marriott's) and this is one of the nicest by far.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>TheGoul
<Content>A Kids Paradise...and Adults Have Fun Too! Just got back from 3 nights/4 days here. Went with my wife, 5 kids and 2 babysitters. Booked two 1-bedroom villas. The 1-bedroom villas do NOT have an adjoining door, it's impossible, because there is a lock-off studio room in between the 1-bedroom villas. But the villas were only one door down from each other, so it was still good. But if you want the adjoining studio instead, it鈥檚 a good deal, and the studio has its own bathroom as well.The key to this hotel is that there are two resorts in one: The Canyon Villas is a great resort in its own right: A huge main pool with a waterfall and basketball hoop and volleyball net; a lap pool, two Jacuzzis, a kid鈥檚 pool, and another 1.5 foot deep kid鈥檚 theme pool not far from the main pool with shooting water animals, sprinklers to run through, etc. Main pool area has a great bar, life-size chess/checkers set, ping pong table, billiards table, etc. Lots of open spaces between buildings, BBQ pits all around, grass areas to play ball, etc. We could have stayed only at the Canyon Villas pools and had a great time.But, since we had access to the JW pools down the road, we went there as well. They have a huge main pool with an island in the middle that houses an arched sprinkler system overhead, so kids could run through that and jump into the pool. The lazy river, with complimentary one or two-person inner tubes, is great. It takes 5-10 minutes to make a full circle, very relaxing. The slide, which is connected to the same water as the lazy river, is great for kids; even the little ones can go down by themselves. So between all the pools at both resorts, the kids will never, ever be bored. We went over July 4th weekend, and it was not too crowded. Yes, it was 116 degrees, but as long as you stay in the pool all day, you hardly feel it because it's so dry. And the rates in the summer are very cheap. You can also get even cheaper rates if you book it through Marriott Vacations and do the 90-minute timeshare pitch. No pressure, went by quickly, and they even give you your choice of a $100 Marriott certificate or $100 Visa gift card without even asking!We only saw the 1-bedroom villas, and they are very nice and roomy. Large bathroom with separate shower and tub, two sinks, and access from the bedroom and living room area. Two TVs with all the premium movie channels and two DVD players. Large full kitchen with fridge, oven, stovetop, microwave, china and glasses, etc. Washer and dryer as well, so no need to over-pack clothes. Very comfortable king bed in the bedroom, and a pullout queen sofa bed in the living room. And the way the couch is set up, even when the bed is pulled out, there is one side of the couch that stays put and can easily hold another child on it. All we had to do was put a sheet over the cushions and our 3-year-old had his own bed. So the villa holds 2 adults and 3 kids very comfortably, and we brought a queen air mattress for our other two kids and we were all set!They have a complimentary shuttle service that takes you between both resorts. It runs twice an hour all day and night up till 10pm. The shuttle also makes twice hourly stops at the Albertsons supermarket down the road. So you can do all your shopping there and never have to spend any money at the overpriced resort restaurants if you don鈥檛 want to. The Albertsons is also part of a huge outdoor shopping mall, with lots of major stores and even a movie theatre, so you really don鈥檛 need a car at the resort if you don鈥檛 want one. The shuttle driver even once waited 10 minutes for me when I ran into the stores late at night just to grab something quick.Yes, the maid service can be spotty, and old towels tend to hang around the pools a bit longer than usual, but those were such minor issues. They DO have poolside service for drinks and food鈥r just walk up there yourself and get it even quicker. I did notice two people smoking (over 4 days!), but we just didn鈥檛 sit near them, problem solved. Overall, an amazingly fun resort that is cheap in the summer, very pricey the rest of the year, but very worth it. Very few places in the country offer this much for kids to do, and my kids could not have been happier. I would go back every year if I could!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>gir7375
<Content>Loved Canyon Villas Very pretty resort, great pool and spacious rooms. Great place to relax. Just a short drive to Phoenix.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>sicrefi
<Content>Loved it This hotel was great and the staff was outstanding. They also had shuttle service to the adjacent JW Resort. They treated everyone like Royalty. I went with my husband and kids. They were too big for the kiddy pool but wow what a pool. Not just a little pool but a huge pool for the little ones with whimsical figures spraying water and a water fountain arcade for the kids to run around in. The hotel had plenty of shade and never once was at loss of a great spot. The rooms were great and they had all the amenities of home including a washer and dryer in my room. The hotel was close to a great shopping, movies and fun, fun, fun, fun鈥?  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tedandlisa90
<Content>Loved This Resort! We stayed at this resort from 6/15-6/22 it was our first time staying at this Marriott Vacation Club. We own at Marriott Shadow Ridge in Palm Desert Ca and thought we'd like to try a different resort for a change. We were not disappointed. although Canyon Villas is a much smaller resort. we actually liked the compact layout w/ the resort. We stayed in a 2 bedroom villa overlooking the courtyard and future construction it was a quiet area near the b-b- q area. The rooms were actually slightly larger than what we have at our home resort and everything was new and updated. The pool area was close by and worked well for our family. The bar area there is very small and the lobby/marketplace/maze was also much smaller than what were used to but everyone who worked there was friendly and helpful it really didn't matter. Also, there were several group activities planned for the children daily with a great staff. The JW Marriott was a short drive or even walking distance if its not too hot. Our children enjoyed the lazy river and we spent a couple of days enjoying that resort as well. It was convienent that we could charge drinks and lunch there to our Canyon Villas room and they had our names on their resort list for towels which was nice. The Desert Ridge shopping Ctr is close by for everything from supermarkets, movies, to nice restaurants you really don't need to go far for anything if you just want to stay close to the resort. We would highly recommend this resort to any family who enjoys a good timeshare resort. I believe in reading other reviews here some people with higher expectations don't fully understand how a timeshare resort works. It is not an all inclusive resort with room service, 24 hour activities, restaurants, bars etc.. It is however a great place to bring your family ,stock up your fridge and relax and enjoy your stay!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Paul-From-NY
<Content>Great. Not perfect but great.       Lap Pool  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>LUVTHESUNALOT
<Content>Loved Marriott Canyon Villas We just returned Sunday from the Marriott Canyon Villas - we are Marriott Timeshare owners at Grande Vista in Florida and traded for a week here. This property was beautiful - the staff were great and Maui Matt definitely knows how to take care of his customers! Try his Long Island Ice Teas and his Mai Tais!!The rooms was nice and it is a plus that you get to use the facilities at the JW Marriott (fantastic property). As usual, a great vacation by Marriott. We are very happy that we purchased a timeshare property and have gotten to experience many of the Marriott properties. The Desert Ridge shopping center is just another added plus - there are so many restaurants and shops that you really don't need to go anywhere else. We drove 3 1/2 miles to Scottsdale Road and there are a ton of restaurants along that road as well. We did a trip to Montezuma's Cliff dwellings, Grand Canyon and Sedona - words can't describe them. Go enjoy and take in the sites.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lawahoo2001
<Content>Good stay - but overpriced               
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>KJOakPark
<Content>Canyon Villas compared to Legacy My wife and I stayed at the Marriott Canyon Villas (CV) in Scottsdale on a 3-day timeshare promotion. The Marriott was okay, but the CV we stayed in was quite cramped. The hall leading to our room was stark concrete, poorly lighted from the parking lot. You felt like you were in a crowded apartment building. It did not feel comfortable to walk, felt like a parking lot everywhere. You can use the JW Marriott across the road but you have to drive over or take a shuttle. We drove, then had a fairly healthy hike from the parking lot to the huge facility. Everything is huge, crowded, corporate. In contrast, we finished up our stay at the Legacy Golf Resort. The Legacy is a pleasant place, very well maintained. The rooms are larger and nicer than the Marriott. It feels human, pleasant to walk around, nice scale. While we liked the Wildfire Faldo course at the Marriott, the golf course at Legacy is very nice too, and probably a bit more challenging though comparable and much cheaper. The little restaurant in the club had a great veranda and very good food and service. The workout facilities were fine. A few blocks away is the Farm at South Mountain, 3 charming restaurants in one location for breakfast, lunch and dinner. We had a great breakfast there. All in all, we liked the Legacy better.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	2	4	4	3	4	

<Author>steph66
<Content>great stay We stayed at the Villas for 5 nights during Spring Break with our 4 children . We had a 2 BR on the lower floor. The setup was a king bed in master and king bed with sofa sleeper in the 2nd BR. There was also a sofa sleeper in the LR. The condo was spacious and nice. There was a full kitchen and W/D in the room. The pool area was nice with bar, pool table, ping pong, chess set outdoors. We visited the JW pool area also. Very nice, lazy river, a little louder and more people than the Canyon pools. We thought the Canyons were in a good location with the Desert Ridge shops and restaurants just across the road. Scotsdale is the next exit off the highway with plenty of shopping, restaurants, entertainment. We had daily maid service and used the concierge for directions and info. Great place if traveling with the kids. We didn't use the golf course or hotel restaurants so I can't comment on them.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>cdwreviewer
<Content>ok if you get a deal We got a deal by previewing the timeshare. The resort is very spread out. We had just a rm rather than a 1BR. It was very small, handle on drawer broken already. The rm is set up poorly so that the bathrm door opens up to the rm and blocks any passage. The maid svc was spotty. The pool water was even too cold for kids at 76 degrees--heat it! The workout rm is also very small and actually house in 2 rms. It appears to cater to owners or the overflow there on business at the JW.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LarryLapin
<Content>A great experience       Maui Matt  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Cleeclub
<Content>very nice place Just returned from a wonderful stay at this property. Had a 2 bedroom villa, living room, fully supplied kitchen, 2 balconies. Nicely decorated and very clean. The beds are super comfy and the atmosphere is relaxed. Because it is a condo like set up, there is no daily maid service, restaurants, room service, etc. A short drive or walk away across the street is the Marriott Hotel with it's beautiful grounds, number of eating facilities and larger pool area. Service at both properties was very good, everyone was helpful and pleasant. The villas are more low key, the pool areas more serene. Grounds at both properties are kept up beautifully, surrounded by 2 golf courses. I would not hesitate to stay there again, even though it's a little bit out of the way.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dhauk
<Content>good timeshare We spent four days at the Canyon Villas, in between trips to various national parks and mouments. We're not golfers, and we were pretty tired from our hiking, so we mostly sat around the many pools relaxing. The Villas have a large pool as well as a lap pool, and plenty of shade. They also have large pools and play areas for the little kids. At the JW resort there are even more pool options, including a pumped lazy river for floating. There's so much water in the pools and being sprayed around that you get the feeling that Marriott is trying to raise the Arizona humidity.The villas are nicely designed and furnished and cleaned daily. We do not own here. We own a timeshare through Starwood, and I have to say that in comparison, the Marriott falls a little short. The studio unit at the Marriott is about six feet narrower that the similar Starwood unit, and the Marriott lacks a decent kitchen, while the Starwood studio has a full kitchenette.The resort is huge and has interesting desert gardens. There's a large shopping center down the road for your kitchen supplies. We ate several times at the JW and found it disappopinting.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mozo
<Content>Liked it so much we bought another week!         
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>michelescully
<Content>glad we bought here We had our first arizona holiday last year when we enjoyed two stays at the desert ridge hotel (two weeks and then a short break of four days). During this time we viewed the timeshare villas at canyon villas and purchased a two bed two week package.We used the accommodation this summer for the first time. We totally loved the experience! The villas are roomy and very well equipped. My son and his girl friend had the lock off portion of the villa and my husband and two other children shared the one bed portion. We had ample space to spread out - with three rooms, two balconies, two bathrooms and three televisions. The kitchen was very well appointed and I enjoyed cooking in the open-plan living/dining room. Cooking for ourselves on the barbecues or in the villa gave us the opportunity to try the excellent meat and fish available at Albertsons (in the desert ridge mall).The villas are low rise (three floors) so the views over the deserts are not as good as from the higher floors in the hotel next door. We had a top floor villa in the 2800 block. We heard nothing from neighbours - although I was alerted to the possibility in an earlier post. We really heard nothing from anyone - in two weeks!!! I understand that there are blocks that are better suited to people with young children - additional small pools and squirting fountains - perhaps that is why the part of the complex we stayed in was so quiet.The only problem that we encountered during our stay was when we were checking in - the room was not ready until nearly five o'clock - just our luck to check in on a Saturday - but the day before we checked in and during the time I was waiting for our room many people were able to access our room - perhaps it was because of the time it takes to clean a two bed villa as opposed to a one bed or studio apartment. Anyway, we were given a $20 credit to have a drink in the bar whilst the room was finished off. Matt was pleasant - as has previously been stated. The pool areas were rarely crowded and I must admit we used them most days and did not venture to the desert ridge hotel more than once (I had previously stayed there with my son for two weeks waiting for the rest of my family to join us).My boys prefered the layout of the villas pools and there was always the opportunity for us to get six sunbeds together.We tried the hot hot hot tubs on a couple of occasions - quite pleasant in the relative cool of evening - but scorchio during the day - who wants a hot bath when the temperature is 105 degrees?We will definitely be returning to the canyon villas next summer and are pleased that we made the decision to become owners here - although we do recognise that in July and August the published rates for the villas are exceptional value.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>diane1410
<Content>Great stay..we will be back! We just returned from a week's stay at MCV. The one bedroom was spacious and nicely appointed. The bed and soaking tub were the highlights of my stay. There is a charge for housekeeping but towels are plentiful. The front desk staff earned a C+ grade but the shuttle bus drivers were THE BEST (A+)! They told you about the area and restaurants and were always on time.Limited daily activities were offered but the fun is at JW Marriot.Listening to jazz as the sun set was relaxing and enjoyable. The lazy pool was fun. Also, guest from MCV get free valet parking.We are making plans to return next summer.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>chifinn
<Content>Great Family Place This was a first class place to stay. We stayed July 31 - August 5th with our teenage sons. We had a 2 bedroom villa which was perfect for all of us. The 2 bathrooms was great and our shower was huge. the kitchen was perfect which allowed us to make breakfast and prepare lunchs for our excursions and allow us to bring dinner leftovers home with us. Both rooms clean and comfortable. The main pool was great and not at all crowded. We drove over to the Desert Ridge and spent a morning by there pool once again not to crowded and very nice. On our next vacation we will try and find a similar place to stay this was perfect.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>02 mom
<Content>Great place/great week My family spent the week of June 25, 2006 at Canyon Villas. We are owners there and this was our first stay. We were quite pleased with all aspects of our stay. Being Ohioians we were a bit concerned about the high temperatures, but it is true that a high, dry heat is far more tolerable than humid weather. The accommodations are first rate. The villa has everything we needed and with the Desert Ridge Marketplace across the street, it was easy to get anything we didn't have and to get groceries. We enjoyed three of the restaurants in the marketplace, particularly the Rock Bottom Brewery and the Yard House. We were hoping to find a good Mexican restaurant, but we weren't able to. I know there are many in the area, but we hit the wrong ones. Since we were there in the off season, we had no problems getting chairs and towels at the pool. There is ice cold water available all day at the pool. It was nice to be able to go enjoy the facilities at the Marriott Hotel, as well. We had no complaints about our stay and look forward to returning.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>libtraveller
<Content>Great Property We recently returned from a week long vacation at the Canyon Villas at Desert Ridge. We have been to some very nice Time Shares before as well as some very upscale hotels. This property offers the best of both worlds.We stayed in a 2 bedroom Villa which could actually sleep 8. There were 6 of us and we had plenty of room. The bedrooms were very spacious and the kitchen, living room, and dining room area were very modern and very spacious. The property isn't huge right now but they are building more units. The pool was very nice with a waterfall and a pool bar/restaurant. The menu wasn't the largest I have seen, but because we had a full kitchen in our Villa, we were able to have lunch in our Villa if we wanted. The staff was very friendly and Matt, the Food and Beverage Manager (he also bartends on the weekends) is one of the nicest guys you will ever meet. We spent most of the time at the pool at the Villas but we did go over to the hotel a couple of times. A shuttle runs every half hour and it takes you across the street to the JWMarriott Desert Ridge. This is a large but beautiful 5 star hotel. They have 3 pools including a lazy river pool. The service at the pool at the hotel is also great. They are always around to get you drinks or food. Another nice touch is that they bring you pitchers of water all the time to keep you hydrated. This is important when it is over 100 degrees. Although the property is a little further out than some of the properties off of Scottsdale Rd., it was a 5 -10 minute drive to get to any restaurant or golf course that you would want. We went into Old Scottsdale for dinner and it was about a 10 minute drive. The Desert Ridge Shopping Center is also right across the street from the property and they have 10-15 restaurants, a Supermarket, and all kinds of stores. We ate dinner there three times and could have eaten there every night. Within 5 minutes of the property, you can find a great steak restaurant that rivals any one in New York, great Italian food, other restaurants like Roys which is at the hotel. You can also find any type of Chain restaurant like Bahama Breeze or Cheesecake Factory or P.F. Changs.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pwrshift
<Content>Better deal than the JW Marriott next door - but noisy between floors. These condo hotels are cheaply built and the sound transference between floors is terrible. Only wood separates the 3 floors, not cement, so the kid upstairs bouncing his basketball from 6 am seemed to be right in our room! So, ask for a top floor. Appliances: The air conditioner was terrible鈥e had to resort to either turning it off or freezing all the time as it blows right on the bed even if you set the AC to 75. There鈥檚 a soaking tub in the master bedroom but it doesn鈥檛 have Jacuzzi jets like most other timeshares and has a very rough and uncomfortable non-slip bottom to sit on. There鈥檚 a separate shower as well. Free WIFI in your room is nice, compared to the $10 the JW Marriott across the street charges. Free local phone calls also nice - the JW charges $2 a call. Parking is free compared to $20 valet at the JW. Timeshare guests don't have to pay the $20 a day entry fee to the Revive Spa at the JW either. Nice benefits and a lower room rate for much larger space. The TV has dozens more channels than the hotel. Room Service: We had room service (excellent shrimp chowder $8, Cobb Salad $12, and hamburger $12) delivered from the JW Marriott one night 鈥?took about 50 minutes and was a nice treat (add in 20% gratuity, $3 delivery, and tax) still hot and excellently prepared鈥ut a very limited menu. Canyon Villas on-site variety shop is not much bigger than a closet and does not make pizza like other Marriott timeshare 鈥楳arketplaces鈥? Bedding: While the JW Marriott has Revive bedding, Canyon Villas does not and their beds are very poor in comparison. No down pillows or duvets either. The GM told us they were going to upgrade the bedding to Revive soon - guess they've had lots of complaints. Staff: The front desk person who checked me in needed lessons on friendliness 鈥?he didn't even explain anything about the resort, the free shuttle bus to the JW Marriott or the amenities you can enjoy over there too. Maintenance: Every TV remote had the numbers rubbed off so you took your chances changing channels. The dryer door wouldn't stay closed and the freezer had a bad odor.Timeshare guests get to use the JW facilities and you鈥檒l love the JW鈥檚 鈥榣azy river鈥?where you can float around in the current on inner tubes. We felt the best restaurant in JW is Roy鈥檚 with their $33 price fixed dinner, but reserve ahead as it鈥檚 busy. Didn鈥檛 care for Tuscany at all 鈥?way overpriced and servers want you out of there in 30 minutes. After dinner you can sit outside on the pool patio at a fire pit and listen to live music until 10 pm. The pool area at Canyon Villas, in comparison to the JW, is quite stark but expansive and there are some smaller pools with waterfalls - and no where near as crowded. For part of each day there is a pool bar with snacks and drinks. You'll probably only get a golf view as they have only 2 buildings with the main pool view and the gound floor of one is taken up by Marriott timeshare sales offices - dumb move. There is a small pool between buildings 3300 and 3200 but a bit of a hike from the main part of the complex. They have 7 buildings in use now and constructing more next to building 2700. There is an elevator in each building...and some buildings have construction nearby.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>martini007
<Content>A great week in the desert!! My wife and I stayed at Canyon Villas in December 2005. We traded a timeshare week we own in Las Vegas (1 bd.) for a large, very well appointed, virtually brand new 2 bd. unit. We have stayed at Marriott's properties in several cities through similar trades and always find them to be first class with exceptional service. Canyon Villas was no exception. We requested a top floor golf course view by calling the Villas directly and were given what we asked for. Check in was smooth, friendly and done quickly. At no time did we encounter any timeshare presentation pressure.The 2 bd units combine a seperate lock off as a seperate bedroom. By doing so there is a second full bath, large TV and sitting area, second balcony, eating table and microwave etc. Actually, the 2 bd. unit has 3 TV's.The main living area easily accomodates a large sitting area with a big flat screen TV and a dining table for 6. Big, fully furnished kitchen (with granite counter tops) and balcony, second bathroom with shower and jacuzzi tub. The 2 bd unit is probably 1000 sq. ft.The Villas have a small but adaquate fitness facility and a good pool. A large JW Marriott is nearby with several additional pools, activities, resturants and a larger fitness center. All within walking distance but there is a shuttle.The resturants at the hotel are quite expensive and a better selection with reasonable prices can be found at Desert Ridge Mall close by.There is some construction going on at the Villas which causes noise during the day and parking may be a little limited near your unit. There is an elevator for the 2 upper floors and a variety of views available from golf course to pool.The property has a web site with pictures if you are considering staying there.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>heathersap
<Content>Wonderful even if there were a few stumbling blocks...   showReview(4358655, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TjakeJanesville
<Content>Great Experience   showReview(4329753, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was fair. Not much to do. High Pressure Sales Team   showReview(4085354, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>maximus217
<Content>Top-Notch for Couples and Families   showReview(3838818, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great place   showReview(3547115, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MJ24
<Content>Loved Everything About My Stay at the Canyon Villas   showReview(3537836, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>walttaylor
<Content>Great Place for the whole family       pool at CV  
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GBFortLauderdale
<Content>Great Vacation to Relax, Golf and More!   showReview(2909316, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 22, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Dorsey
<Content>Can't Wait To Return!   showReview(2461191, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>corinne1962
<Content>Bel endroit       marriott s canyon villas  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	3	4	

