<Author>wife_in_MS
<Content>NIce Hotel We stayed at the Sheraton Suites for the 2009 Cotton Bowl. I booked the room through the Starwood Resorts website because I found a special there that was buy one night and get one night half off. This special was the best rate I could get - it was $129 the first night and $64.50 the second night. The hotel was about 1.5 miles from downtown, which was very convenient and we didn't have any trouble navigating to the places we went downtown. The rooms were very nice and had plenty of room for the two of us. The breakfast was on special for $10.95/person and was really good - I am not sure how much it normally costs though. I did see on the website when I booked there were room rates that included breakfast, just not for the rate I booked. The hotel also offers a shuttle within 5 miles of the hotel. The driver was very nice and instead of dropping us off at the pearl street dart station, he took us all the way to Cotton Bowl stadium. The only complaint I have about the shuttle was when we wanted to go downtown one night, they wanted us to get on it an hour later. When I booked the hotel, I was under the impression that the shuttle ran whenever you wanted to go somewhere as long as it was available. Also we called from downtown one night to see if it was in the area, but they told us it was done for the night. It wasn't a big deal, but other hotels that i have stayed in with shuttles are much more accomodating. All in all I would definitely stay here again and we definitely saved money by staying here instead of downtown. There were lots of other fans there as well.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Highwaydude
<Content>Another Trip to the Big D Visited Dallas for a short weekend getaway to enjoy the Country Dance bar the Roundup Saloon. This is my first time returning to this hotel since it was updated and remodeled. Was very impressed. New flat panel TVs, and decor are very hip and trendy. My only drawback was you have to pay for internet use in your room. Its free in the main lobby. Also you must pay for overnight parking. Overall was a very nice peasant surprise on the new decor.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>exotia
<Content>Nice Hotel       The Bed  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>horatiokane
<Content>Some Troubles I stayed at this hotel and thought I left some items in the hotel, after sometime and work I wasnt getting anywhere. I contacted people at the property but no one seemed to be available. I ended up calling Starwoods corporate office and spoke with Tristan Thorn. He took a while to get back with me and came back with not the news I was wanting and must say after talking to him i was upset. After thinking about it what he said made sense. Overall the hotel experience was good other then this upset.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Beatledude64
<Content>Great Rooms The rooms were great after the renovation. There was a living room with a fold-out bed couch, office desk, and flat screen TV, a bedroom with 2 queen beds and another flat screen TV, and a bathroom which connected to both the living room and the bedroom. The beds were very comfortable and there was a very good channel selection. The pool seemed very nice, but I didn't get the chance to swim. Also, theres a bar and restaurant. The only trouble was the internet that cost money, but overall, the rooms were very good.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>PNKS
<Content>Perfect stay for downtown Dallas So glad we picked this hotel! All of the staff was super friendly and professional, a refreshing change to see so many smiling faces! Check in was perfect and room was exactly as requested...high floor, end of hall facing downtown. Room was spotless (yes, even behind the headboard!) and newly renovated. Two room suite with mini fridge micro, sink. Nice bathroom with doors from both the living room and from the bedroom. Bedroom was a touch small but not a problem. Lovely balcony off of bedroom with great Dallas skyline view. Indoor/outdoor Pool area was really nice and pool was warm. We will be back for sure!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SopranosFan
<Content>Nice hotel - great renovations The hotel is still in the process of being remodeled. When I checked in, all the rooms are done however there is some furniture missing (a few end tables), artwork, etc. from the room but nothing you would need to stay there. A letter on the desk states that these items are on the way from overseas. The rooms are beautiful. New carpets, drapes, fixtures, granite top countertops in bar area and bathroom. Good neutral colors - contemporary earth tones. The cooling system is great. NO wall unit and that counts a lot for me. The air comes through vents near the ceiling. As the other reviews have suggested, there are 2 flat screen TV's that are literally across the wall from each other. one in the bedroom and one in the main part of the suite. There is a small refrig. in my room. The beds are nice - very comfortable. The bedroom is small, but not impossible to get around in. I'm a big guy, 6'4 and 300 lbs, and I didn't have a problem so that puts most others under me in being able to get around in a small space. Bathroom is very modern and fairly spacious.For the negatives - you pay $7.95 a night for parking. WHY? I don't get it... there is a sign at the front desk that states don't leave valuables in the car, which is something you should never do. It also says there have been break-ins in the immediate area. If you pay for parking, and this is not a garage with a monitored gate...then what is the parking fee for if there is no security? What does the customer get for their money here? Also, you must pay $10 a night for Internet service. Come on...most places offer it for free. Its Wayport so you know you don't have trouble connecting which is a good thing since some places (many in fact) offer free Internet that a lot of the times is DOWN.I don't like the nickel and diming...but if its for a good reason such as security to park your car, I really don't mind paying for parking. Enjoy your stay here, its going to be a nice place in 3 months or so. I got a rate here for $50 a night on Priceline but that may not last for too much longer when the hotel is completely done.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>nick_770
<Content>Very Nice Renovations I read many negative reviews about this hotel after having booked it for our vacation, so I was anxious about what I might find. I had also known it was under renovation and was scheduled to be completed by July 2008. We arrived late in the evening July 3 and the lobby was being painted, obviously to avoid inconvenience of customers, but this made me a bit more anxious. The man at the front desk very friendly and speedy. When I got to the door of our room, I was still anxious not knowing what to expect, but was very surprised to see a room that looked brand new. It was modern, stylish and clean. It was equipped with two flat screen televisions a new sofa-bed and of course the famous Sweet Sleeper bed. I was very impressed and would definately stay here again.If you have seen the negative reviews, the hotel must have been in sad shape before they renovated it. It must be an entirely different hotel, now, and I would recommend it to anyone.Took some pictures to post, I will try to get them uploaded soon.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>BernardCampbell
<Content>Much better than reviews suggest I also stayed at this hotel during the Girls JO's. I would assume, based on the previous reviews that this hotel had been mismanaged and not taken care of. I can say with all sincerity, that if you were to stay at the hotel again, you would see night and day differences. I was extremely apprehensive about staying at this hotel after reading previous reviews. As you will see in my other reviews, I am brutally honest with my comments. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone thinking of staying close to downtown Dallas. Please keep in mind, they are still remodeling, so there are some issues with that, but nothing that interrupted my stay.Pros-Location, location, location! Very close to downtown and an easy drive also. Easy back roads to get downtown when the interstate is backed up.-Clean rooms, hallways, laundry facility, workout facility and dining facility-Food from restaurant was very good (breakfast buffet in the mornings and a club croissant sandwich a couple of times)-Stayed in a King Suite. Rooms were large. 2 LG LCD flat screen monitors. Bedroom was tight, but living room area was large and allowed for a lot of space. Easy to spread out with a laptop. Wet bar was a nice touch also.-Pool looked clean but I didn't jump in.-Staff was negotiable on check out time and seemed courteous with other folks in our groupCons-Pay $9.95 for 24hrs of wireless. I have stayed in 2 star hotels with free wireless. (Business center was one computer in a cubby hole in the lobby. Signs posted makes it look like they are still revamping the business center)-Was told $2 flat rate for calls out on toll free numbers (had a conference call). Ended up getting charged for $17 or so.-Each room has a little ledge to walk out on, railing in our room looked like it was ready to fall off. I jiggled it and it almost did! I don't have little ones, but something to keep in mind-The main bedroom was tight. But nothing you can't handle-Walls were quite thin. I could hear our neighbors discussions at 1 AM  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	1	

<Author>iowacityia
<Content>Iowa Rockets Volleyball Club Junior Olympics Hotel Wow! I must say that from some of the previous reviews that have been posted, I too would not be pleased with my stay. But with that said, my stay was wonderful. Our family of 3 was at this hotel for 6 nights, while attending the Girls Junior Olympics Volleyball Championships. The hotel arranged a customized website for our group to book our hotel rooms. We were offered several benefits that eliminated some of the complaints of other reviewers. The hotel was easy to find, travelling from DFW. The hotels exterior was pleasant and the parking lot was large, clean and appeared as safe as possible. Plenty of lighting at night. It is conveniently located, just a short drive to downtown Dallas. Using either the freeway or Market Center Blvd to make your way to the city center. The front desk clerks were very pleasant and very helpful. I believe that the hotel should be done with the construction very soon. They were finishing construction on the area at the front of the restaurant and the workout room by the pool. I did not notice any construction on any of the floors that I visited. The hotels front desk area, elevators and hallways to our room were clean. Our room was fantastic. Probably one of the nicest rooms I have ever stayed in. A large comfortable bed and the couches pull out bed was even comfortable. There was a large flat screen tv in each room. Both tvs worked great and were the best tvs I have ever had in any hotel room. The rest of the room was very nice and pleasant. The 6 nights we stayed there were great and our time spent in the room was comfortable. The main bedroom was a bit cramped with the door opening in towards the bedroom, but it is nothing you cant deal with. It was just a very nice, comfortable room for the 3 of us. We did have a room on the noisy side of the hotel, facing the freeway. But while travelling we all sleep using earplugs, so the freeway noise was not a problem. But I could see how that may affect many guests. The hotel supplied our group with a buffet breakfast each morning. The breakfast was delicous and very satisfying. We did not have the need to visit the hotels restaurant or bar. The workout room equiptment was very nice. The room itself was in the final stages or construction. The indoor/outdoor pool was nice, along with the indoor whirlpool. The hotels computer and printer was very helpful. I did not bring a laptop, as I certainly did not want to pay for internet service from my room. They really need to provide free wireless internet hookup. Our arranged group rate per night was very reasonable. I certainly can not complain about that. The hotel has a shuttle van available to its guests. I believe the van is available for locations within a couple of miles from the hotel. (3 miles perhaps?) Overall it was a great place to stay and I would stay here again if I had the chance.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>IncredibleAsia
<Content>Ridiculous Hidden Charges for an OK place I recently stayed at this hotel while attending an event at the World Trade Center. This hotel is overpriced and over rated for the services and facilities rendered and should not be considered if you are traveling to attend any of the Dallas markets. If you want to overpay for a cramped bedroom chopped into a suite of 2 mini-rooms, pay $10/day for Internet access, pay $8/day to park in an open parking lot, (a charge not disclosed in the reservation process) pay for LOCAL telephone calls, and eat mediocre over-priced food, go for it. There are 10-15 other brand name hotels within a 3-mile radius that are better value for your hard-earned money. See my review of the nearby Holiday Inn Dallas Market Center.When I drove up to the hotel, I thought it was closed as it is under renovation. There was no front door staff or bellman on duty at the door, so I dragged my bag across the open parking lot myself. I stepped to the counter to check in, handed over my credit card and Starwood Preferred Guest card to one of the two employees. One was helping another guest try to locate a Federal Express package, and after beginning my registration, the person helping me stopped to assist her co-worker look for the Fed-x package, keeping me standing, watching, waiting while they fumbled around and didn鈥檛 find the package. My room was on the 11th floor, the SPG floor, but the lounge where I was looking forward to relaxing with complimentary evening appetizers and a glass of wine was closed for renovation. If it were my hotel, I would comp similar services somewhere in the hotel or provide an SPG coupon of some sort, but no such offer was made. My newly renovated room had a large sitting area with a granite topped bar, table desk, sofa and flat screen TV that was a total invasion of necessary space in the bedroom which was way too small for comfort. The bedroom was consumed by its king size bed that was so large that when the door between the bedroom and sitting room was open, you could not walk by the bed to the open closet area. A second flat screen TV was tucked in the corner, but it was somehow positioned requiring that you sit up and carefully point the remote at the exact perfect spot to change channels. The 2 TV鈥檚 were literally 1 foot apart, each on one side of the wall between the 2 rooms鈥omething so silly that could have been remedied by making the opening between the 2 rooms a niche where the TV could swivel and be viewed from either side. The division of the room into 2 rooms just made the whole thing seem cramped. Since there was no space in the bedroom to open your suitcase, so you actually had to use the sitting room as part of the 鈥減rivate鈥?space normally reserved for the bedroom of a suite. What was the idea of this design? Dinner in the hotel was another story. The menu is from the 80鈥檚, and so was the food preparation. I ordered what I thought was the healthiest meal, fettuccini with grilled shrimp, but it arrived swimming in oil. The servers were really friendly, but not trained to simply look at the table and determine what was needed, so I sat with an empty water glass and finished my meal without a coffee at the end as the server never offered either. I mentioned this on the comment card on my departure and was surprised that the Food Operations Manager immediately acknowledged my comments in an email. For my money...I'm not returning.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	4	2	4	1	

<Author>roadstarAustin_TX
<Content>Do not expect a 3 star Hotel or any remotely nice The hotel was a great value with a $50 room rate on priceline.com, but the hotel was under construction and very run down badly needing the renovations. I was in a renovated room, and they needed to start over. The bed was terrible, and probably 30 years old (Taco Bed). They charge $9 for parking, $10 for the internet, and $4.00 for bottled water. The Best thing in the Hotel was the hot Bar Tender. The exercise room was in an old guest room. You had to walk through the parking lot to get to the pool. The most exciting part of my stay was the women stuck in one of the elevators screaming for someone to let her out. After smiling a little bit and celebrating that it was not me in there I went back to my room. I was shocked to find the women still crying historically from the elevator nearly 45 minutes later when I went back down. If you need a cheap place to stay on a weekend in Dallas when everything else is over priced this is it, but remember you are risking your life staying in this falling apart death trap of a hotel.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>1	5	1	5	1	2	1	1	

<Author>tcm_crew
<Content>Skip Until July 2008 After the Renovation Got a good deal on Priceline, but Priceline doesn't advise you the hotel is under renovation (a badly needed renovation, as pointed out numerous times in these reviews.) I've stayed here many times, and prefer this hotel due to it's convenient location with access to IH-35E, Market Center Blvd, Harry Hines, etc. The TV sets are OLD - the color is really bad on them. Even though I'm a Starwood Gold member, I got a hotel next to an elevator lobby, and had to listen to crowds come and go through the night. The hotel often hosts wedding parties and such on weekends. Renovation work generally kicks off at 9am, til 6 or 7pm and they were nice enough to book me on the 4th floor, while the 5th floor is being renovated. If you don't spend a lot of time in your room during the day, you won't be inconvenienced. For me, I had to spend a good amount of time trying to recover from a stomach ailment, and was able to get NO rest because of the hammering and drilling all day. Had I known this place was under renovation, I'd have gladly paid more to get any other hotel in the Market Center area, even the ghetto Raddisson. By the time you add $18 daily for internet and for parking, you're better off at someplace like Courtyard that has FREE internet. There's no desk - there's this round table from the 1970's (which was encrusted with some kind of food items until I cleaned it off) with two rickety chairs. I'd think a hotel like this would cater to business travellers and have a desk with a REAL office chair.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	4	2	4	3	1	

<Author>photoqueenmn
<Content>Good Alternative Stayed here during while attending a conference at the Hyatt across the street. I like a little more room and this provided it. The suite consisted of a living area and a small bedroom area. The bedroom had a small baloney. The suite was clean and updated. It was a good alternative to the very large Hyatt across the street. The only drawback was the freeway noise if the siding door was open (mostly rush hour morning and afternoon) and that it is NOT close to any real shopping (even drug store or convenience store) or restaurants.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>FrugalTravelor
<Content>This place is O.K. I just stayed 2 nights in the Sheraton Suites Market Center. Having read the negative reviews, I was apprehensive about what I would find. At check-in I mentioned that I had read on the internet some unflattering things about the hotel and I asked for a good room. There are somethings I didn't like, but basically it is an average 3 star hotel. It does need refurbishing; and this has already started. (I recently stayed at a brand new hotel and there are differences between brand new and needing refurbishing.) However, there wasn't anything unacceptable about my room. Housekeeping appears to be doing a good job. My room was clean. I didn't see any mold or mildew on the walls and the wall covering was intact.  Registration was professional and courteous. The public spaces are pleasant and inviting.To me, the biggest distraction was the carpet in the corridor. It was loose and wrinkled. The Televisions (one in the Living Room and one in the Bed Room) are old tube type sets. The color was terrible; the orange color glowed.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>cew1137
<Content>Disgusting I had to stay here for training. This hotel is the most disgusting hotel I've ever step foot in. I would rather stay at a serial killer motel! In the first room I was given, the lights didn't work, and I could see mold growing on the walls. The wallpaper was peeling and moldy from water damage. I asked to be moved, and I was moved to a room just as bad. The room smelled of mold, and you could see the mold growing near the windows. The curtains conveniently hid the mold. The vents all had mold growing out of them. There were stains all over the floor, and water damage everywhere. The couch and chairs were all stained as well. I bought Lysol and an air freshener at the store, but that did nothing to get rid of the smell. I was physically sick while staying here. 15 people left and went to another hotel, and it was the best move I've ever made. Towards the end of the training, the horror stories from the Sheraton Suites continued. People came in to training and their clothing smelled like mold. One person had mold growing on their clothes that they had put in their closet. A few people talked about ants in their room, and one person said they woke up with ants all over their body. I wouldn't wish this hotel on my worst enemy. Avoid this hotel at all costs!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Skidrust
<Content>Needs a big renovation.. now! Good location since it's right off of I-35 and Market Ctr Blvd. Everything other than that seems to be below par for the Sheraton brand name.Rooms are all suites and very small. With the king size bed in the room, you can literally extend your arm and touch all 4 walls. The televisions don't seem to have been updated since 1980s. They are in working condition and that's just about it. The furniture in the room seems to be at least a decade old, if not more and it really shows with chips in the paint etc.The bathroom is equally old and the bath tubs have chips all over. The amenities weren't any known brand.The only saving grace is that the room and bathroom is kept relatively clean. There is Starbucks coffee in the room and a refrigerator with a mini bar. However, don't dare look around the fridge or under the sink.The fitness center on the ground level will remind you of Norman Bates Motel and has an extremely eerie feeling. The lighting is dim. The little equipment and weights there is - seem to be from the 1960s and very rusty/squeaky. The false ceiling is falling apart and with the pool right next to this fitness center, the dampness was very uncomfortable.The top two or three levels I think are club floors and if you are a an elite SPG member, do try to push the staff for an upgrade to that level. The small dining room on the top level has a small limited complimentary breakfast, but enough to get you full.The restaurant on the ground level is decent and has the regular buffet, lunch and dinner offerings.The staff at the hotel is courteous.Parking... this is another quirk. Why are they charging 7 bucks? This is not a downtown hotel and none of the adjoining hotels including Courtyard, Fairfield Inn, Doubletree have parking fee. This hotel shares its parking lot with Courtyard. There is no additional security or restricted access to the parking, so I don't know why they should be charging a fee.A very disappointing hotel in the Starwood chain. If this were my first experience with Sheraton, I would never stay at another Sheraton again in my life. But I know that this hotel is an anomaly in the Starwood chain.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>timman19
<Content>Not a Bad Choice When in Dallas This is a rather nice hotel with a convenient location right off the highway. Dallas, as a city, is very spread out so there is really no hotel with a central location. Watch out for hotels that claim that!We arrived to found our room already assigned and were on our way very quickly. All rooms here are suites. We had a living room, bedroom and a large bathroom. There is also a kitchenette of sorts by the door with coffee maker and microwave. The living room also featured a large desk.Curiously, there are small balconies which can be reached by a sliding door by the bedroom. Two people can stand out there by why it was even included is a mystery. There is no room to sit and the only thing it appears handy for is smoking.Anyway, the room was well maintained and the bed very comfortable as always at a Sheraton. There was a small t.v. in the bedroom and a larger one in the living room. Curiously, they are positioned back to back to if you use the remote to change the channel, it will also change the channel of the other one! We got a good laugh out of that and whoever planned the rooms should be reassigned.There is a restaurant in the lobby but we never ate there. The exception being the bar which serves burgers, sandwiches and snacks. We had planned to eat at the lobby restaurant but, curiously, found it closed and it was a Saturday night. We didn鈥檛 feel like driving so we tried the bar. The food was actually very good and the prices not bad. For breakfast, there is a Denny鈥檚 a quick walk away. You鈥檒l find that much cheaper than at the hotel.The hotel is right on the highway making various points in Dallas easily reachable. The airport is about a 20 minute drive. Traffic can be very bad in Dallas so if you need to be somehwere, give yourself some exra time. However, other than the Denny鈥檚 and the lobby restaurant, there are no places to eat within walking distance. You鈥檒l need a car but a short drive will give you plenty of places to choose from. The lobby staff also made some great recommendations and are very helpful. You are also close to several malls as well.The hotel is in an office complex. It appears designed for business travelers as during our weekend stay, the place was quiet and seemed pretty empty.The housekeeping crew did a great job and the staff we encountered were very friendly and willing to assist. Overall, a nice stay and I would recommend this place.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>cokerbud
<Content>Not bad if you don't pay retail! If I were a guest of this hotel and paid $150.00 a night I would be pretty upset! The hotel looks good from the outside but show big signs of wear and tear on the inside. The first thing when arriving you are told it is $7.00 per night to park in the open parking lot. That is an extreme way to squeeze every dime out of someone. I was in room 215 and on arrival the smell of stale smoke in the room was extensive. There were beer cans in the trash can from the previous guest and the vacuum must have been broken that day because the floor was not clean. The plumber got the hot/cold water backwards on the bathroom sink so after waiting for some time for the hot water I realized it was backwards. The room was nice and big with two TV's. Unfortunately every picture on both televisions made the subjects look sunburned they were so red. And there was no remote for either set. Waking up early was not an option because of the rattling pipes that sounded like they ran between the box springs and matress. The wallpaper was coming off the wall but the heater darn sure worked! In the defense of the hotel, there was a letter on the elevator explaining renovations were about to begin. Would I stay there again? For 50 bucks a night I would, but for 150 a night they better throw in dancing girls and open bar! When staying at a hotel make certain the clock by the bed is set correctly and the alarm is not on to hurry you out the door in the morning. I have noticed this practice by hotel maids more and more in the last could of years.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	1	5	5	-1	

<Author>rupyoda
<Content>Barely tolerable for a business traveler at the holidays Based on shabby reviews I had seen of the Westin City Center hotel, I switched at the last minute to stay here, as it was well located and supposedly had amenities for Starwood Preferred Guest Gold members. Turned out the Club Floor was closed, and there were very few guests there at all. Other propeties clearly posted when they were closing amenities, but this hotel even had Club Floor rooms to reserve on the internet... at least I did not reserve one of them! Restaurant was closed, too, but a modest continental breakfast was offered.The hotel did extend a nice gesture to the guests by delivering a small Christmas package to the rooms with a nicely boxed corkscrew and bottle stopper..... Did they think about guests flying home and the corkscrew having a blade on it that made TSA confiscate it? No. Fortunately there was a not a line behind me in Security, but it was totally embarassing.Also, during my two-night stay I kept thinking that the living area had a lot of highway noise and was drafty. Turned out the windows did not shut and seal properly. This is something that housekeeping should have recognized--a supervisor inspecting rooms surely would have noticed the difference unless all of the windows are that delapidated.Oh, and there was also the dense cloud of marijuana smoke in the hall Christmas Eve between my room and the elevator coming from either a guest room or, more likely, the service bay. When I got to my destination a few blocks away, I realized that I had a serious buzz!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	3	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>roeboat
<Content>get more than you pay for! this is a very nice hotel in the middle of everything. the service was great. the room was great. the price was great.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Shmohan
<Content>Good service, bad rooms Good: Pleasant service at front desk, friendly shuttle drivers who went out of their way to give us a ride to the office in the morning (partially due to long wait for cabs out on the highway)Free breakfast on club level is satisfactory; includes mini boxes of cereal, toast, pastries, scrambled eggs, fruit, etc.Bad: Room was very outdated. Had a 2 bed suite that felt very cramped. Did not sleep nearly as well as I do at the Westin in downtown Dallas (which was sold out). Stiff couch and scratched up desk in living room .Outdated bathroom- moldy tub, poor lighting.(Mind you, this was all on a Starwoods Club Floor. I have platinum status, so I'm assuming I was put in one of the better rooms) Gym- Out of the four **old** machines there (two bikes, treadmill, and stair climber)- only one of the bikes worked properly (barely) Other machines did not 'turn on' at all, or seemed as if they were about to give out (treadmill made a horribly loud noise every time you took a step... not good) Weight machine was as old as the machines, and equally useless.If you have a choice of Starwoods hotels in Dallas, stick with the W or Westin. I was very dissapointed with the Sheraton Suites.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>1	4	1	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>papi1096
<Content>Sheraton Suites Reserved 20 rooms, for a weekend football trip. Rooms are all suites but bedroom are tiny. Had 2 full size beds. One of them located up against the balcony door, made it difficult to acces balcony. Living room was cozy. Pull out couch. 2 chair dinning table, microwave, small fridge and coffe maker. Textured ceiling in all of our units were dirty, especially near a/c vents. Good location for sightseeing. Also has a van that transports you within 8 miles of hotel for free. (rest, nightclubs where ever you desire). Except football stadium. Thats 10 miles away. Hotel is about 100 yards from the hwy. If your room is on that side it will make for a noisy night. Restaurant is fairly good. Had lunch and brkfst. Become a starwwod member. It allows you to have free continental brkft and evening acces to prefered members floor. Pool nice size, has an indoor section and an indoor hot tub. Workout area, stepper and running some wights.Draw backs were. Bar closed at 11pm. No free transport to Cowboy Stadium. Over all not a bad place to stay. No bugs and beds were clean. but in desperate need of updating. ae. painting  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>flawedangel
<Content>Great value and location! We got a good deal on priceline for this hotel, and we were two females traveling, so we wanted a good safe location. We got back to the hotel from our concert at about midnight, and felt very safe walking in.This hotel is great, the beds and pillows are amazing, and the suite style room is great!The room had french style doors into the bedroom, and a separate living area. I really liked this! It also had a little refrigerator.The only complaint was with priceline, we got a smoking room, and neither of us smoke. They SAID they were out of non-smoking, which may not have been true. But we opened the window and aired the room out. The location is great, so convenient to the interstate!I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>bryang73
<Content>Disgusting and dilapidated room I've had the displeasure of staying here twice within the past two months on priceline reservations. The rooms I was given were absolutey disgusting and dilapidated. The most disturbing was the huge amounts of mold packed into the air vents. I suspect this is why the wallpaper was buckling and peeling off the walls along with outlet covers and fixtures. The furniture and carpets were very soiled, worn and had burn holes in them. The bath had large places of missing caulk and mold in the shower. I made the mistake of visiting the pool area once. It was a mess. The pool was dirty, there was trash and bird crap everywhere and the pool lounge cushions were moldy. I wouldn't dare get into the pool and definitely not into the green water in the hot tub.I can not believe that Starwood allows this dump to operate as a Sheraton. In my opinion, the rooms are not up to standards of the sleaziest rent by hour motel. Starwood should do a massive room overhaul immediately or pull the Sheraton flag from this disgrace.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	2	2	

<Author>bigbaldjohnny
<Content>Gramdma's house with an institutional twist Yuck. Thin walls, babies crying, ice machine rumble, doors slamming. TV from the early 70's. Why is it the remote controls are always so unresponsive and the sound is terrible? Never had a decent maid service. Almost a saw buck to park the car in the corn field. For my money the DoubleTree a block away is much better.The one bedrooms suite didn't have a kitchen, just microwave, coffee maker and mini frig.I was in room 420. It was fairly clean and cool. Furnishings were institutional. Particle board table with 2 chairs, cheap0 couch that was uncomfortable and small, tv from eell and sheets so thin I was afraid they would not take my weight.The bath was adaquate size with a ration of 1 face and 3 bath towels per day. More if I would have asked.The starwood lounge was shut down for the summer 6 weeks while they decide how to further nickel and dime you. Got some half off coupons in place of that, no thanks. It didn't suck too much. But I won't be going back any time soon if I can help it. This property truly needs a face lift and tummy tuck and more. Half the staff could use an attitude adjustment too. Not what I expected from a starwood property.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	1	1	

<Author>jon160
<Content>Time for Renovation I stayed at the Sheraton Suites Market Center in Dallas, Texas for 2 nights early in February 2007. My room needed renovation. One lamp shade was crushed. A cabinet had a chunk missing. Surfaces were scratched, scuffed and stained. However, I checked with others at my seminar, and they did not have my experience.Sheraton: check to see if the rooms are up to your standards.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tryanythingonce
<Content>Good Value The suites are big and very good value, but they are a little tired and need a renovation. The beds are really comfortable and the aircon is supremely efficient.The suites are clean, have a good fridge and coffee maker but the bathrooms are small and old, and the furniture was visibly worn.The staff in the bar (particularly Katerina from the Czech Republic) are delightful, and cannot do enough for you. The food is of a high quality and the people here are really what makes this a good place to stay. Thanks so much to the team who turned this from average to nice.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	3	5	4	

<Author>20inchmo
<Content>Craptel not Hotel       Small and dark bedroom  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	3	2	4	2	1	

<Author>baldy80
<Content>Not impressed worn rooms; stains on the carpetsI'm a Starwood member and I was absolutely not treated like one. will not stay here again  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	2	2	3	

<Author>Easy180
<Content>Very nice hotel Stayed here for the Dave Matthews concert and were very pleased. Like other reviews state the rooms are very well laid out. The pool area is also very nice with many loungers and spots w/ shade and sun.Not being a nitpicker there wasn't anything bad I can say about the place other than the food prices in the snack bar were extremely marked up. Room was clean and found the service to be good and friendly. Would absolutely stay again if the price is right.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>arbutler70
<Content>Very nice stay I was nervous about this place after reading some of the reviews, particularly about the service, but my two-night stay here was just lovely, and I found the staff to be particularly friendly  helpful. The rooms are ample size and very clean. My only annoyances were paying $10/day for internet service and $7/day for uncovered, unprotected self-parking.All in all, an excellent stay, and I would likely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>shandeloddy
<Content>Comfortable and friendly. I stayed here with my wife and 5-month-old son for 2 weeks during July. We travel with a major Broadway touring musical, and because we have a baby, we are always glad to have a microwave and a small fridge. The sink area is a bonus. Also, plentiful counter  Cupboard space. The separate bedroom is also a definite plus. Very comfortable, Sweet Sleeper beds. Staff very friendly and helpful. Good shuttle that will take you anywhere in a 5 mile radius. West Village is a nearby outdoor neighbourhood/mall type area, lots of cafes, shops, etc. Our room had a nice view of the Dallas skyline. Overall....great stay!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible Weekend When we first arrived at the airport we were told by the shuttle organizer that we would need to call the Sheraton to let them know that we were at the airport needing to be picked up. The shuttle oraganizer gave us the Sheraton's phone number where we were greeted with a warm we don't have shuttles, click. We called back and informed the man that the hotel's website and readings stated that their was a shuttle able to take you within 5 miles of the hotel, the front desk man replied I have been working here for 10 years I would know if we had a shuttle. My party was stuck paying $21 for a cab to the hotel.Upon arriving at the hotel a woman was standing in front of a computer doing nothing, we waited at least 5 minutes for her to care that we were standing there, and finally replied yes?. The third floor always smelled like smoke, and I assume this wasn't a smoking room because no ash trays were found.Also, the toilet in room 340 overflowed twice! A large titanic wave burst from the plumbing soaking valuable goods needed for a business confrence.I would advise not drinking from the glass cups, because the staff does not wash them in a dishwasher rather with an old wet communial rag and then puts them back on the wet bar for your drinking pleasures. We called and complained, but they hung up on us.Also, the pull out is as comfortable as sleeping on a jagged rock, and the rooms are very dark and creepy, and the elevators are slow.Room service is outrageous with even juice costing $5 plus $1.84 tax plus 25% gratutity (FOR JUICE)!!!!!This hotel is terrible and I either hope it burns down or goes bankrupt!!!!!!!!  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Large Rooms-Nice People-Shame about the Smoke! The pool area is great at this hotel, it was warm even in the cool spring. There is plenty of grass available and they are the most pet friendly hotel I have ever been to. The staff actually smiled at us when we had our dog out and about and asked about her and petted her, instead of giving us dirty looks like a lot of places do. Thanks Sheraton for being so welcoming! They don't charge a fee either, which is nice. The rooms are very large and yes, the decor is a little outdated, but I'd rather deal with outdated decor and have a large, clean room instead of a cramped trendy place. The only complaint I have is the smoke in our room that came through the vent in the bathroom. Our floor did not smell smoky, but we had to keep the bathroom door closed because smoke was coming from this vent. I stuffed a wet washcloth in it and it seemed to help a little, but smoky hotels are a big issue for us. So, this is the one dark spot on an otherwise good hotel. The jacuzzi jets didn't work and we called someone to come check it out and they said they'd be right there. We waited an hour and no one ever showed. Like others have experienced, we didn't think the front desk staff was very knowledgable about the area and when we asked for directions, we were just given a printed sheet with directions on it that wasn't very helpful or personable. All in all, I'd stay again, since the price was right and they allowed our dog. Very convenient to downtown. My husband drove in every day and it took him less than 10 minutes to get there and back, during rush hours. Not really any places to eat close by. We ate at Dave and Busters a few exits away and it was good. Try the Lacy's Chicken. They have a security guard who patrols the parking lots at night and he was very nice. I felt safe walking my dog at night because he was there.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>marihelen
<Content>Nice rooms, service has gone downhill (many stays here), and prices going up I've stayed at this hotel many times in the last year and a half. It started out excellent, but the service has gone downhill significantly, and my last stay was a nightmare. The prices have also gone way up in the last year (per online sites like Travelocity, Expedia, [-----]). Although I've had many excellent experiences here in the past, the last one was so bad I'll never stay here again.First, the good stuff. The room layout is just great. It's a two room suite with french doors between. There's a nice wet bar, the bathroom counter space is good, all the normal amenities (coffee maker, nice hair dryer, toiletries, etc) and the TV channel selection is nice (2 TVs), the shower is nice. The beds are nice -- comfortable, nice duvet covers on comforters, nice pillows, etc. A small fridge is in the room. They have a decent shuttle service during the day. And they do allow pets if you need to bring one along; they even have special doggy beds for them.The so-so stuff. The restaurant is average (or a bit below) and a bit pricey, although the staff is nice. The internet service is $10 per day, or you can use Wayport on a monthly charge. Wayport's service is spotty and the hotel is no help getting it fixed if you have a problem. They've started charging for parking in the adjacent lot unless you've got a corporate reservation or other special booking.The bad stuff. The hotel is next to a freeway and a good number of the rooms are very noisy. Since the hotel books many conventions and corporate accounts, you may not be able to switch rooms. (A solo traveler doesn't have a lot of sway here, since they have a number of big-time corporate clients, like Southwest Airlines.) The staff is mostly friendly and smiling (at least during the day), but not particularly helpful or reliable. If you need a special request, don't count on it being honored until you've asked several times. There's a big difference in the quality of staff in the morning, afternoon, and late night. The in room automated check out doesn't work at all (it has never worked the entire time I've stayed here). They've double charged my credit card on more than one occassion, although the bill did finally get corrected through the credit card company. Carts to get your luggage up are often MIA and so is the bellman. If you're an SPG member, be sure to check your point count, as it may or may not get credited for your stay. They give lousy directions to pretty much anywhere.My last stay was not a good experience, primarily because of hotel staff. I don't think I can post details without violating the posting rules, but I won't stay again.Staying here could be a very good experience or a very bad experience, depending on your room assignment and the staff you happen to find on duty. I've had both experiences in my many stays here.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Look Elsewhere I stayed at the Sheraton Suites on business and was a little disappointed with my stay. The room was pretty clean and I have a nice view of downtown Dallas from my balcony. It was also close to the conference I was attending. The bad part of the hotel is the staff. None of them seemed to know anything about the area as far as recommending places to eat or see and also giving bad directions on places my co-workers and I were trying to go. Housekeeping was also a problem. I came back to my room one afternoon to find a yellow housekeeping glove on my bathroom sink next to my stuff. I went down to tell a manager to find that one of my co-workers also had a housekeeping problem. I left the hotel for the evening after the manager said she would take care of it. When I returned to my room a gift and note from the manager was left for me, which was nice, but I go into the bathroom to find....the same glove still sitting on the sink! There are other hotels in the area so I recommend you look into those before deciding to stay at the Sheraton.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>rtbtravels
<Content>Great Value in downtown Dallas Layout of suite with sitting room, separate bedroom, and 2 TVs was perfect for 2 people. Bedroom was plush, bathroom was large, and kitchenette was adequate. We had plenty of room to spread out for less money than just a room at other nearby hotels. Conveniently located near I-35E. Fitness room and pool were as expected, not gym quality, but good enough. Only negative was that they charged for uncovered parking and Internet connection.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lecats
<Content>Great Stay at the Sheraton   showReview(4146608, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nana4ou
<Content>A Little Disappointed   showReview(4138370, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>asianphilosopher
<Content>Needs an upgrade   showReview(3836835, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sadly Disappointed   showReview(3638788, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>olaydt
<Content>A delightful surprise   showReview(3605784, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chickey7
<Content>Great meeting location   showReview(3604786, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>For our purposes, it was just right!   showReview(3476978, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>shieatt
<Content>Mediocre   showReview(3234767, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Bad   showReview(2333164, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Expected a little more room for a suite at the Sheraton   showReview(1378443, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

