<Author>MickeySydney
<Content>OK Anyone who has tried to find a cheap and half decent hotel in Singapore knows what an impossible task it is. We were not smitten by the reviews but didn't want to spend a fortune on a hotel at the beginning of our travels so we chose SEA hotel. The room was quite depressing and smelled of damp and smoke. The location was great though and there was no traffic noise as it is in a pedestrenised area. Would I stay here again? Probably not. But for a tight budget it is OK choice.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Aussie_Girl149
<Content>Mixed opinion... I stayed at the hotel over Christmas 2008. I was really looking forward to staying there after reading all of the reviews. Overall, I did enjoy my stay there and would certainly recommend it to anyone who was looking for a nice, clean hotel in a good location. These are just a few of my thoughts on my stay.Positives: It really is in a great location. We walked to Bugis Village, Mustafa, Raffles, Orchard Road, the Flyer, Fort Canning and Chinatown from the Hotel. The rooms were very clean and comfortable. I really enjoyed the buffet breakfast. SOME of the staff were really friendly and helpful. Considering the price of hotels is Singapore, this was really well priced.Negatives: you need to give them your key whenever you leave the hotel, this was not a problem when leaving (you just put it into a slot); however, it did get annoying when it was busy at reception and you had to wait in a queue to get the key back again. The woman who took the vouchers for breakfast and got the coffee was very rude and made things a bit difficult. They also only accept cash which I thought was a bit strange.I would recommend this hotel to others due to the cleanliness, price and location. However, I am not sure if I would stay there again, there are so many hotels in good locations I would prefer somewhere else.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>Spahkee
<Content>Family run and personal in nice area. Older hotel for basic 1 night stay. As a result of having a stop over in Singapore both on our way to and out of other locations that we were traveling to, we stayed in the South East Asia Hotel for 1 of our stays and the Hotel Bencoolen (see my review of that property) for the other stay.Both hotels are in the same vicinity. The South East Asia Hotel is closer to the MRT and the Bugis shopping area. However, we found that in spite of excellent directions that the South East Asia hotel emailed us, our taxi dropped us off on Bencoolen Street and since this hotel is on a pedestrian walkway, it was a bit of a walk with two large bags in the rain. We found that the service at the South East Asia hotel to be its biggest selling point. Very personable and welcoming. We asked for a taxi to come for us at 3:15 am and the lady at the front desk actually told us that we could get another 30 minutes of sleep and have it come at 3:45am with amble time to get to the airport and she would take care of ordering it for us. and all with a smile!The hotel is actually quite a bit larger than the small entrance would lead you to believe. The rooms are clean with no funny smells that come from the damp humid air - which is a nice reflection of the daily housekeeping that occurs. Beds were comfortable. However, the rooms are definitely vintage circa 1970s hotel type looking. If you can look past that, there's nothing wrong with the sleeping area.We had a good laugh in the bathroom. Walk in and there's no bath tub nor a shower stall, then you turn around and look behind you and there is a shower wand that is part of the bathroom. So, taking a shower in the morning? the entire bathroom is now your shower stall!All in all, it wasn't a terrible experience. But it wasn't a great experience that would draw me to come back to this property. Loved the service and friendly atmosphere. Given that these two property room rates were within USD5 per night of each other we would likely go back to the Bencoolen Hotel over the South East Asia hotel as the rooms appeared to be slightly newer and more comfortable. However, to each his own. If the Hotel Bencoolen was oversold or were significantly more expensive, I wouldn't not stay here given the location and nice people who run the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>wharton1Trencin
<Content>Cheap cheerful but pongy The south east asia hotel is exactly what other reviews say it is. Its central, cheap, basic and clean. Overall good value for money. The only issue we had (we stayed on the 4th floor) was the terrible smell of the rooms if the aircon isnt turned on (which turns off automatically when you take the key from the slot).Ourselves and our friends had 2 rooms and both stank, becasue we had a late flight we then booked a single third room to freshen up later in the evening after a day out, this was also on the fourth floor and also stank of mould or dodgy pipe work.So if you want good value in Singapore stay here, you get what you pay for, but be warned, the fourth floor rooms stink.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>NY11373
<Content>Great Location at a great rate I stayed at the Southeast Asian for 2 nights. This hotel is a little gem in the heart of Singapore, where other hotels may cost 3X as much. It is a small family run business that seem to care about the customer. The room was a rather nice size. It was very clean and well maintained. Had a little nostalgic sense with high cielings. Cons include a small TV mounted on the wall and no shower curtain in the bathroom, A free breakfast consists of toast or Chinese vegetarian. If that is not your cup of tea, a McDonalds is a few minute walk.The area is quite interesting with a Chinese temple and other Buddhist related shops. The area in front of the hotel is a pedestrian way. so you need to walk a couple of minutes to find a taxi. Another con is you need to pay cash. they do not accept credit cards. But the pros outnumber the cond and plan to stay at the Southeast Asian on my next trip to Singapore.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>JulienF
<Content>Good location + Good budget hotel       View from my window  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>YorkFoodie
<Content>Good Value Budget Hotel If all you're looking for is somewhere inexpensive, clean and centrally located to lay your head after living it up in Singapore, you can't go past the South East Asia Hotel. By Singapore standards it seemed bargain basement for what we were getting.The room was small and a little worn but clean. The bathroom had one of those showers that wets everything in the room, so plan accordingly. We didn't realise you needed to ask for a deluxe room to get a refrigerator so no fridge.We didn't need to send a deposit (but were asked to confirm the night before our arrival, which we did), and they did require payment in advance on our arrival. We could have paid day-by-day but opted to just pay the lot in one hit.Breakfast was included but was eminently missable. There's a nice cheap and cheerful cafe at the end of the mall where you can get a much better breakfast for a song.The hotel is well located and in walking distance (if you don't mind a bit of a walk) of Little India, the Raffles and environs, various museums and galleries, and Orchard Rd. It's actually near one end of a pedestrian mall so your taxi can't just drive up, you have to get out in the alley behind or at the taxi stand at the other end of the mall, but as long as your baggage is manageable it's not that big a deal.Staff were a bit offhand but not unfriendly. It's quite a large place so I guess it's hard to develop a rapport with the guests.I would stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Gel36
<Content>Good hostel style accommodation Singapore is expensive so we chose a hostel style hotel. This hotel is run by a couple of very efficient and friendly ladies. Booked in by email and they didnt even insist on a deposit.You pay each day as you go - keeps it simple.Situated right in Chinatown you are right in the action and Bugis tube station is 5 mins away. The rooms are small but perfectly adequate. There is some building noise at the rear, so choose a room at the front - they are the only ones with a view.Breakfast was basic but there are plenty of restuarants nearby so no probs.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Saranghae
<Content>Just for Budget Traveller... The lobby is very small and the elevator is also very small and seems very old and need to be repair. The room size is moderate but very old and need to be refurbish. The aircon is old and very noisy...the bathroom is small and very slippery. The advantage of this hotel is only its location...at Bugis area...very near to the shopping mall and MRT station. This hotel rates is quite expensive...because I think with SGD100/room/night I get much much better hotel in Malaysia for example...but this is Singapore...a very expensive city...but also very enjoyable city.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Bristolians
<Content>Okay stay We arrived at 1.30pm and our room wasn't ready which was an inconvenience as we had been on a train from Malaysia for about 15 hours. However we were able to leave our bag there (we had cable locks with us which were handy) The rooms were okay, especially after being in Thailand and Malaysia.The hotel seemed good value compared to others in Singapore.Breakfast was rice/noodles etc but luckily the waitress offered us toast and tea.We enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>UsaPassportStamper
<Content>Acceptable budget lodging in Singapore I got a room at the SE Asia Hotel for $70 through emailing them. It was a huge step down from our luxurious stay in KL the previous night. Singapore is a crazy expensive city, so you don't get much for $70. The front desk staff were pleasant and helpful. They arranged a cab for me at 4am. The room was run-down, wires sticking out of the wall in places, warped bathroom door, due to the shower just sprays on the floor style common in Asia. View of the alley. Some construction noise in the morning. Nothing really bad though, decent location, within walking distance of Chinatown, Little India, the waterfront, and Fort Canning Park. They had a free vegetarian breakfast, but we didn't get a chance to sample it.I'd look for other accomodation next time, but I wouldn't be averse to staying again.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aries_traveler888
<Content>Clean, and very nice staff I stayed at the SEA Hotel for the first time in 2007.At first i felt a little strange, because the hotel ask (not require) that you leave the room key with the front desk when you go out. But beside that, the staff is friendly, the room are clean, the location is great, breakfast was adequate for an asian pallate (vegetarian), but the few westerner that I met during my stay didn't have any complaints either (maybe the one I met are the adventourus one, palllete wise).Non-existant businness facility, but for leisure in Singapore hard to beat the price.Some of the rooms have a Window A/C (old model) and were a bit loud, but if you spent the day walking around Singapore, it didn't bother me much.There's a great laksa stall just around the corner of the hotel, and across is good selection of hawker fare.Anyway all in all the SEA hotel is a good value for money in Singapore.Will be coming back to SEA Hotel this Sept. Hope it hasn't change for the worse :)  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>JayVG
<Content>Great location! Middle of Bugis. My friends and I caught the tail end of the Great Singapore Sale and wanted a no-frills hotel that's near the MRT. The hotel is around 2 streets away from the Bugis MRT station. The rooms are ok, after all we left first thing in the morning and came back late at night. And I remember this print ad that showed all black space with the copy, When you're asleep, all hotels look like this. Anyways if you'd rather spend on clothes and food and want to save on your hotel, SEA hotel is it. Aside from the MRT station, you can also walk to Sim Lim square (although I don't recommend buying electronics there. I had a great experience at Best Denki, Vivo City, but I digress...), Singapore Art Museum and Bugis night market. Hawker centers surround the hotel so eating won't be a problem. Enjoy!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>jasmanyee
<Content>Great for shopping! Great hotel which was recommended to me by New 7th Storey Hotel (where I originally tried to book two rooms). Booked two superior rooms which came with bathroom (water not always hot but OK since S'pore is soooo humid), large cupboards, queen size bed, tv with remote, dresser, fridge, and shampoo/soap. Always some activity outside due to being right next to the famous Kuan Im Temple, and one-minute walk to the Bugis St Markets. Close to Little India, Arab St, lots and lots of shops. Rooms are spacious, clean and comfy (with air conditioner and ceiling fan), and the linen gets changed every day. If you are a westerner you will have to make sure you ASK for the continental breakfast, which is just toast and jam and orange juice, otherwise the breakfast is primarily catered for Asian taste e.g. steamed buns, fried rice, fried noodles.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	3	2	

<Author>iluvtoshop
<Content>Quite Good This hotel is quite good.. Strategic location.. The bus stop is few steps away.. The rooms are clean and they also provide hot water all day.. But the tv didn't have any good channel. You'll get bored in the room.. The bus stop is few steps away.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>AlexHH82
<Content>You get what you pay for I booked this hotel directly by e-mail. The reservation staff who replied was friendly and helpful in her communications. Actually, the whole staff was very friendly and it feels like a family hotel.The rooms are not large but not small either. The main drawbacks here are the window (standard room), facing a wall and the humidity smell if the air con is not turned on.There are no available Internet access from the rooms and the only option are coin machines in the halls. Not very useful if you need to connect your own laptop to the Web. Finally, the laundry service is good but slow (36 hours) and the housekeeping won;t pick the pieces in the room.If you are there for business, you might re-consider your choice. If backpacking or snapshotting around the city is your thing, the accommodation are sufficient and location is great (nearby the MRT).  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	3	1	

<Author>EfJay
<Content>Met expectations! Comfortable, clean, convenient flophouse with decent extras like generous breakfast (particularly the Chinese courses)  tea making facilities at a very moderate price ($100S all up).Staff friendly and helpful - provided map/advice on getting out of town on public transport after holding our reservation for one night (made by email without a deposit, even though we arrived on a late night flight). The number at breakfast indicative of a popular place - a range of business and tourist guests of all ages from all corners of the globe. Necessitated sharing tables but it added to a happy atmosphere  was a fun start to our trip.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>lovestraveling53
<Content>very good location       bath  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>AndyBKK
<Content>Great value - good location Nice little hotel. Rooms were comfortable and clean. You can't expect luxury for SI$100 but this was fine, and a nice vegetarian breakfast included in the price.2 internet PCs on each floor for SI$1 for 15 minutes. TV was small, and no remote. No fridge in the room. But no problems. The location is great; plenty of shopping and market stalls on your doorstep. Interesting temple next door and no traffic as it's on a pedestrian zone.They don't take credit cards - just cash.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>FisherTours
<Content>Handy location and very good price The South East Asia Hotel is a great little hotel in the centre of Singapore. Very convenient to get around and close to the Bugis subway stop. It's a basic hotel, but clean and very reasonably priced compared to other places in the city. I would definitely recommend it for people travelling on a budget and would stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fibb
<Content>Damp and smelly but ok value It's not easy to find decent cheap hotels in Singapore. South east asia hotel is pretty cheap by Singapore standards. And the location is great!But:The room was small and had a nasty smell. It felt damp and the bathroom was full of mould. There were also small insects coming out of the shower drain. The aircondition was very noisy. The daily cleaning seemed ok but the room could use a more thorough scrubbing (or maybe a full renovation..).The staff was a bit strange. Sometimes smiling and friendly and sometimes very rude.The breakfast was a very strange experience. You could choose between an asian style buffet (noodles and rice) or a continental (toast and jam). But if you touched the buffet they wouldn't give you a toast. And orange juice was only with the toast. So if you ate from the buffet you could not have orange juice, only coffee!!! And the staff was extremely annoying and rude about this. A bit like the soup-nazi in Seinfeld...If you're only looking for a place to sleep this hotel will be fine but if you plan to spend some time in the room I would look elsewhere. Below average but ok value.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>huyla
<Content>Great budget hotel I came back to Singapore in one of the peak seasons there, that is Lunar New Year festival. Therefore, all the hotels seemed to increase their room rates. It was truly hard for a budget traveler as me to find a good hotel within 100 SGD per night. I had to call my friends for advice, and they were really helpful as they guided me to South East Asia hotel located near the biggest shopping street in Singapore. The hotel charged me 90 SGD for a night. The room facilities are quite good and enough. The bathroom is rather spacious. The only problem is that there was no mini-bar inside the room. When I asked about that, the very friendly staffs told me that just only superior room has mini-bar, and the rate for a superior room is 100 SGD per night. But that is just a minor thing. I felt so comfortable and did have good sleeps on a wide bed. And yes, there is only cash payment for each night.Besides, there was another wonderful thing, that is the breakfast. I'm a Buddhist, so, I love the vegetarian breakfast here so much. The location is also great, too. As just about 3 minutes walk, I can reach Bugis MRT station. Love the hotel, definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>WinnyThePooh
<Content>Just okay Stay here for 1 night only. Make a reservation through the internet, the price is cheap for a good location. Room a bit small and dimly lit, old tv, old ac but the bathroom is clean and well sized. Pay in cash only, near the Bugis MRT. At night many food hawkers not far from the hotel. Its is what u pay for a budget hotel, friendly staff.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>pinoynotinpinas
<Content>Budget Hotel in Good location To begin with, Singapore is not an inexpensive place to go on a vacation or to live in. At $80-90 SGD a night, this hotel is about the best deal that you can find in Singapore. You do get what you pay for. I stayed in this hotel on two occasions on my vacation. I was disappointed the first time I stayed in this hotel. I had a corner room that was dimly lit. The sink is located outside the bathroom. It was a little bit further than an arm distance. The shower was literally in front of the toilet. As soon as you cross over the door in the bathroom, the shower head was at the wall. The whole space including the toilet was less than 4x4 feet. When I came back to Singapore for the second leg of my vacation, most of the hotels in Singapore were booked. I was still fortunate that this hotel had vacancy. The room that we stayed in was the Superior room $90 SGD. The room was larger and the sink was in the bathroom. The bathroom was a lot larger than the last time, but still no tub or separation of the toilet from the shower. The room was still dim. I must admit though that the beds I slept in this hotel were very comfortable. They were firm and did not feel old.The hotel is located near Bugis MRT station. Less than a 5 minute walk. Lots of place to eat and close to Bugis Junction Mall. However, this is not the hotel for you if you want to sleep in. By 9 am, you can hear music and vendors outside the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	3	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>Nadine_Perth
<Content>Clean, Good location budget hotel We read the review on trip advisor before booking and thought we'd give it a go. Since they accept cash on a daily basis it was a low risk option. Below is what we found:1. Location location - this place is excellent close to MRT'S, Little india, hawkers stores and shopping centres. There are two temples near to the hotel and every morning as you step out there is an abundance of colour as the local flower stores set up. It is located in the arts district so there is shows/ event continuously happening.2. Price - we paid sing 80.00 a night - great for budget traveller3. Room was tidy and bathroom was very clean, a/c worked.4. There was construction next door, but this only started after 9.00 am and was stopped before evening..so there was no noise in the nights. 5. Breakfast - it is Singapore so the breakfast caters to the locals. Both my husband and I enjoyed the breakfast- there were 4 dishes - fried tofu or Singapore cakes, Singapore noodles, steamed rice buns with assorted filling and then a rice soup which was changed to fried rice on some days and coffee or tea. It was enjoyable change to usual toast or cereal.6. Staff were always helpful and friendly7. You pay cash per day, however we paid upfront for the week. The owners where very cautious to accept the week payment and made it clear that there was no refund should we change our mind. By the 2nd day we had decided that we'd definitely be staying the duration. We were pleasantly surprised and would visit again. Nadine, Australia  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>chye82
<Content>Great budget hotel to meet your not-so-high expectations Spent 2 nights at Southeast Asia hotel with my girlfriend earlier this month. Located just beside the famous Guan Yin temple in Singapore, this small little hotel sure springs up a nice surprise, if you do not expect much. Especially at SGD$80 per night, can’t really complain much.Good: Great location, near town and Bugis for your shopping needs. In addition, also near many good eating places for your convenience. There is even a 24-hour Malay food store nearby.Room is clean, even though the exterior of the hotel may tell a different story. Breakfast is provided, though i did not have the chance to try their breakfast, as i overslept for 2 days.Friendly staff is a plus, though most of them are more comfortable speaking in Chinese language. Overall feel of the room is comfortable, kind of like a homely feeling.Bad:Don't expect high quality equipments in the room. Television is small and mounted high, needing to strain my eyes to watch TV.Air-conditions do not come with remote, needing to step on a chair to adjust the temperature. It also takes awhile to cools the room.Water basin is not in the toilet and there is no mirror in front of the basin. Making it tough to look at yourself while brushing teeth in the morning. Despite the many negatives about the room. The 4 star rating given shows that the postive outweighs the negatives. Judge the hotel with an open mind, and enjoy the experience.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mamen7
<Content>Better than what I expected. Great hotel for budget travelers I came to Singapore the second time this year. The first time, I did not stay in this hotel but stayed in some hotels else such as Keong Saik, 1929 and Strand. This time, again, I followed the reviews in TripAdvisor to choose my accommodation for 8 days time in Singapore. My God, I couldn't understand why all the hotel raised their rates up to more 20 - 40% this period. Such as Bencoolen Hotel, they charged me 176 SGD per night for 2 persons. Thing was the same for some hotels else which I contacted after refusing to stay at Bencoolen. Thanks God, Keong Saik still kept their rates at an acceptable number, which was 90 SGD for a single one. However, the room was so small and I did not feel much comfortable. That's why I just stayed there only 1 night and tried to find another hotel with more reasonable rate. I was so surprised that when almost hotel in Singapore raised their rate this period, South East Asia still had the rate exactly as what they informed in their official site. So, I decided to stay there in 6 nights. Because I hadn't made any reservation before, I had to transfer room after each night. But it was not a serious problem, I was still happy to stay there with the cost of 80 SGD per night for a standard room and 90 SGD for superior room (same price for 1 and 2 persons). Moreover, I had the chance to discover some kinds of their room. For standaed room, it's really big if we consider it with some other budget hotels. Bathroom is also big enough without a bath-tub and is definitely clear. The annoyance is that they did not have mini-bar inside the room. Luckily, I didn't intend to use mini-bar so it didn't matter after all. Superior room is better, it's bigger and do have a mini-bar inside the room. There were not much noise at night, I spent all my nights there quietly and did have some good dreams. And guess what? You do not need to worry about your breakfast when staying South East Asia hotel 'coz they offer breakfast every morning, but it's all vegetarian food including rice, noodle and dumpling. Yeah, they do have a vegetarian restaurant there, too. If you wanna try a dish, I suggest sweet and sour fried fish, it's absolutely delicious.Furthermore, the staffs are very friendly and useful. However, there were some annoyances that I can list as below._ First, you can't bring room key along with you whenever you travel outside the hotel. You are suggested leaving them to the staffs and then, asking them whenever you return._ Second, South East Asia hotel only accept the cash-only method of payment, they don't allow guests pay by their credit card or cheque or some thing like that. And you MUST pay daily, I mean, each night, you'll be asked to pay for your staying that night.It's all about the facilities and staff. Now, I'd like to mention about the location. SEA hotel locate in a pretty great location. Just 3 minutes walk, you can reach Bugis MRT station (East West line), or you can walk for about 5-7 minutes to reach Dhoby Ghaut MRT station connecting both North-South line and North-East line. There's also a food center just opposite to the hotel, but it's not very clean. And well, the biggest street shopping with many cheap price stuffs is right at the area, too.In conclusion, in my next travel to Singapore, I'll surely stay with SEA hotel again. My girlfriend also agrees that she'll advice her parents and friends to stay there as well.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Robje
<Content>Good loaction, bad breakfast The hotel is fine, location is oke. Rooms are clean but a bit smelly. Service is okay. But the breakfast is awful, only rice every morning nothing else. Employees are friendly. It's a cheap hotel, so taking this into account, this hotel is great!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>zebliz
<Content>Nice budget hotel Wondered whether booking a budget hotel in Singapore was a wise idea, but as soon as we arrived we knew it was a good decision. Although we had not paid a deposit, the room was held for us until we arrived at 11 pm, and the friendly receptionist was extremely helpful. The room was spotlessly clean and the only drawback was a rather noisy airconditioner, but otherwise everything was fine.The Chinese style breakfast was a bit of a shock to our Australian tastes, but after all, that's why you visit other cultures, to experience something new. If I had wanted Vegemite on toast I could have just stayed at home.Walking out the front door in the morning and finding a street full of colourful flower stalls and two large temples in the same block was just amazing.Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>neehyan
<Content>Great Budget Hotel in Singapore Hmm...First of all I am from Malaysia and I personally call up the Hotel to make the book for 9th Aug 07 till 12th Aug and I did the room reservation confirmation by email as well. All calls and reservations was done promptly and email was replied fast as well with extra info such as how to go to the hotel by Taxi or the MRT.My personal experience is that the hotel is very convenient as it is very close to Bugis MRT station (3 minutes walk) and near to a Chinese food court which the food is selling cheap and nice and variety as well for local. Beside that the Bugis Street is a great place for cheap market shopping on cloths, fruits, souvenirs and many more.Ok back to the hotel, the AC is working fine even some other traveler complaint old and need replacement (I personally hard to adjust the temp and also the fan level as the AC is placed high up in the wall). Please bear in mind that this is a budget hotel and if the AC is working fine that would be good enough for me. The room is clean and the toilet is small but clean. Regarding the construction site beside the hotel is unavoidable as this is totally out hotel management control, I just close the window and the noise had reduced to my acceptable level. The constructions activities only happen during daytime so don’t worry at night as you will have peaceful sleep.The room rate for my Double Bed standard room is 80 SGD with simple breakfast which is value for money especially in Singapore there is no such thing as cheap and nice hotels. Regarding the breakfast, it really complimentary so doesn’t expect American style buffet breakfast. They basically provide a simple Chinese vegetarians fried noodle, fried rice and some buns or some bread toast with orange juice or coffee. If the breakfast portion does not satisfied you or you don’t like the food you can always go to near by MC Donald.As an overall, this Hotel is worth the money you paid for especially in Singapore and with the clean room and good service at the counter and convenient location, I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone which is on budget trip.One of the down sides is the Hotel only accept cash payment and don't accept credit card. So please prepare extra cash.Thanks  Regards,Nee Hyan  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Zara_Germany
<Content>Worst ever hotel experience The four nights in the hotels were the worst ever. Most of the rooms are facing a construction site for a multi-storey building. The construction works were so loud that it was impossible to stay in theroom for a longer time. What was even worse than the construction works is the A/C in the room which was also the loudest I have ever experienced. The hotel management may well consider investing in the modernisation of its rooms. Further, totally inapprehensible is the breakfast policy of South East Asia Hotel. The Chinese food consists of four dishes which do not change at all, in other words, the same dishes are served every day. The Western food is equally poor. The portions consist of exactly two toasts, one pack of jam and butter and orange juice/coffee. Having asked for more toast and coffee, the waiter told us that she could not serve more than those two toasts and one coffee per person. When I took the Chinese food the next day, I felt that I was observed by the waiters regarding the amount that I took. I have never felt as uncomfortable in a hotel as this. I could very well feel that the hotel looks to save money in every possible way which unfortunately affects the travellers' comfort.As per other travellers comment about the location, I may add that nearly all accommodation available in Singapore is well located and central. This does not make South East Asia Hotel special. Further, South East Asia Hotel may be relatively inexpensive but given the conditions stated above, I would rather pay a little bit more and spend my holiday at a quality hotel/hostel.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	3	2	3	2	2	

<Author>SerendipityIndia
<Content>Its gr8 for budget travellers This is a gr8 hotel for budget travellers and is located at a nice location. Jus a 5 minutes walk to the Bugis MRT. Bugis Street - The largest street shopping in Singapore is located jus 2 min away from the hotel. You can get variety of things there. Also many good food outlets like KFC, McDonalds, Burger King are available nearby. There are also various shopping malls around. The hotel also houses Kwan Im Veg Restaurant. The food is not that good. I only had the toasts. The rooms are great. No problems watsoever. The management and customer care is also good. Online booking facility is fine. I'd really love to stay there again.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Lawrence_Hamilton
<Content>Very friendly budget hotel in a great location I stayed here for 12 nights in April 2007 and found it to be friendly, well run and superbly located. I stayed in a Superior room which cost SGD88 per night. The room was fairly basic, remember that this is a budget hotel, but clean  comfortable with a good size bed. The buffet breakfast, which is included in the price is served between 8.30am  10.30am, and is perfectly adequate although there is not a huge amount of variety.The staff are very friendly and helpful and will go out of their way to assist you if you have any problems or queries, or just need some general advice about what to do or where to go during your stay in Singapore.It is also in a great location, being only a short walk from Bugis MRT and within walking distance of places such as Raffles Hotel, Sim Lim Square and Orchard Road, although the heat and humidity can make even relatively short walks quite uncomfortable. There are also several food courts and hawker centres close by where you can sample excellent local food at very reasonable prices. Overall I would certainly recommend this hotel as it represents excellent value for money.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>neverwinter
<Content>simple, clean, secure For eighty pounds for three nights for two people in an excellent location in Bugis, obviously this hotel is not luxurious - but it is perfectly adequate. We stayed in a 'standard' room on the 4th floor (I asked to be high up) which was cleaned daily and included kettle, tea, coffee and cups, tv, large wardrobe, chair, desk, bedside tables. The attached bathroom is just big enough for a toilet and a hand held shower, but the water is hot and good pressure, and the fan and room aircon dry things out quickly. There is a separate sink in the room. Aircon didn't seem controllable and the only way to turn it off was to remove the key from the room power socket, obviously losing everything else. Didn't bother me but my husband got cold.Included breakfast is Chinese style and its my fault that I can't cope with chopsticks in the morning, but there are plenty of nearby alternatives. Staff were very helpful, friendly and security conscious; as we checked in someone was stopped and told not to go up to her friend's room, but to wait for her friend to come down. The hotel entrance is on a pedestrianised area so despite nearby temples, street markets etc it is surprisingly quiet.would stay again and recommend.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just enough.... I've stayed in this hotel in Sept 11-13,2005 After internet searching, I chose this hotel because I have found out that its rate is fair.. to think that the location is near the Bugis station... very accessible! (Thumbs up!)However, during the first night, I had experienced some bed bugs bite and my husband on the second...I didnt get some on the 2nd night coz I rolled up myself in the blanket...enough to hide myself from bugs and have a good sleep...In overall rating, the location is very good... very accessible because its at the city center... we have travelled the nearby places just by walking even at midnight....  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I keep returning doubt you could do better for the price. clean, centrally located, satellite TV. why pay more? located next door to a chinese temple, and two doors down from an indian temple means the street in front is always full of interesting sights. note: the free breakfasts are hardly appetizing.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>clg199
<Content>All you could ask for We'd heard bad things about the hostels in Singapore, and we were looking for somewhere nice to chill out in for a couple of days before flying to Australia, and that's exactly what we found. Located in the centre of Chinatown it's perfectly placed for shopping, eating, most of the main sights are within walking distance and it's handy for the MRT station too. Lovely room (with plush carpet!), TV, fridge, aircon that worked and a gleamingly clean bathroom, all for less than £25 a night. Not exactly the usual backpacker budget but for Singapore it was fab. Friendly staff, even when we checked out at 5am. We only stayed 3 days but couldn't have asked for more.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

