<Author>skf805
<Content>Pircey but nice The hotel was quite nice when we first walked in. Everything was clean and the room was of good size. However, our room smelt like cigarettes and it was pretty pricey to stay there for a few nights. I wouldn't call the place a 4 star hotel but definitley a 3 star. For as much as you pay you should get free internet as well but still they charged about 15 dollars for 1 hour of use within a 24 hour period. Big no no. The room was cleaned everyday the staff was pretty helpful with what we needed and there were no other problems other than the ones mentioned above.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	5	4	2	

<Author>Dagindi
<Content>Very Good Hotel I just returned from a trip to Amsterdam and stayed two nights in the Park Plaza Victoria Hotel.The hotel is located directly across the street (about a 3-5 Minute walk) from Centraal Station. This, in my opinion, makes the location ideal because you will not need a taxi from the airport and you are directly across from the main ground transportation hub in Amsterdam including the train, trams (best mode of transport to get around Amsterdam and all trams start at Centraal Station), and canal cruises.I arrived at the hotel around 7:00am and was able to check right in and go to my room.The hotel is very clean. The staff is very friendly and helpful. I stayed in an Executive room which is similar to a standard room which includes the bedroom and bathroom plus a sitting room with couches. A few things that I did not like:1. Small bathroom.2. Half shower door.3. Small TV (but had enough channels in English).4. Heat is delivered via radiator in the sitting room so the main room takes a while to warm up.5. $17 Euros for 24 hours of internet.I didn't eat at the hotel only because I was out for every meal.This is a very good hotel and the location cannot be beat.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	5	5	1	

<Author>Cram0120
<Content>Decent choice for first time visitor to Amsterdam My wife and I stayed at the Victoria for 6 nights, and had a pretty good experience in all areas. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is visiting Amsterdam for the first time.I booked this hotel as part of a travel package on Priceline, which gave an amazing rate for this hotel. I read some of the earlier reviews and was hopeful our experience would be better than some of the reviews I read. It was!We arrived at Schipol at about 1030 AM after an all night flight from Houston. Jumped on the train to Centraal Station, and 20 minutes later we were in the center of town. Walk just across the road (You can't miss the hotel) and we were attempting to check in at about 1115. The room was not ready yet but an extremely helpful bellman offered to take our luggage for us, which allowed us to go explore for a couple hours. The room was nice, clean, and fairly large by European standards. While it is certainly not a 4 star hotel, everything was in good working order and the mini-bar, safe, and bathroom were all working well and in good shape. There have been some renovations over the past two years, and I understand that some of the rooms need a little work, but everything I saw was clean, neat, and tidy. Breakfast I would not do unless it is included in your rate. They want 20 Euros pp and that is a little pricey for breakfast when you can get better and more food for a lot less. The bar and restaurant are nice enough, but a tad pricey considering what you can get 5 minutes away. Go to Barney's on Haarlemmerstraat and have fun for half the price!Throughout our 6 nights, we did not experience one problem. The room was cleaned every day, the front desk was always very busy but extremely friendly, and the concierge was the best part of the stay. Granted, they are going to want a few Euros thrown at them, but they are the best I have seen anywhere in the world. For a 5 Euro note each day, they will make reservations and tour bookings for you, give you inside info on where to shop, eat, drink, etc. Again, it may cost you 30-50 Euros throughout your trip, but they can make your vacation a little more pleasant and a little less difficult.Now, would I stay there again and would I recommend others to stay there? Depends on what you are looking for and what you want to do in Amsterdam. For a first timer, I would say yes. The reason being is that for many first timers, it can be a difficult city to navigate due to the concentric nature of the layout. This hotel eliminates your need for a taxi from the airport (50 Euro each way!), it eliminates a need for a Taxi once you get to Central Station (just walk across the street), and it is right at the main Tram lines which are easy to use and will take you literally anywhere in the city you can think of. No walking long distances back to your hotel late at night, everything right there for you. No carrying your luggage throughout the city upon arrival and check out (you would be amazed how many people have to do that). It's just easy, simply put. You are about 3-5 minutes walk from the Red-Light District to your east, and about 2 minutes walk to Voorburgwal on yoru right, which is a big time touristy street with shops and clubs. The hotel is certainly not in an unsafe area, but keep in mind that being sandwiched in between 2 big tourist areas means that it is in an area of a lot of tacky souvenier stores and people wanting to sell you things.In terms of being close to other places, everything is easy on the tram, which is right outside Centraal Station. Walk to Anne Frank Huis about 10 minutes, Leidesplein is about 25 minutes or 10 minute tram ride. Dam Square 5-10 minute walk, and Rijksmuseum/Van Gogh/Heineken Museums all about 30 minute walk or 10 minute tram ride.The next time my wife and I visit, I would probably look for something in Jordaan or down near De Pijp, which are both close to the center but a little quieter and a few less tourists. But if I couldn't get something in those areas for a good price and had to stay there again, I certainly would. Think of it like going to NYC and staying in Times Square. Kind of tacky, but safe, clean, and close to a LOT.That being said, nothing wrong with this particular place. Great location, nice people, convenient, and clean.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>paper1000
<Content>mice in room I stayed around the 12/13 of december. I also had a baby mouse in my room. saw him in a flash. I actually taugh i was having a bad trip from drugs. To embaressed to report as would not expect it in hotel. stayed on floor one in garden wing.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Meshal
<Content>3 stars hotel, 5 stars location The room was specious and very clean. However, the furniture  carpeting needs refurbishment.The hotel has a 5 star location in the centre of Amsterdam. 3 min. walk from central train station and a few min. walk from Dam squareThe room service menu and hotel restaurant was a real disappointment.The internet rates are incredibly expensive 5 euro for 1 hour, 20 for a day, 88 for a week.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amg5150
<Content>ehh..       our room  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>ferdinandParis
<Content>BEWARE OF THE MICE! A mouse was running in my first room! And another one in the second room they moved me to! This is the first so called 4 star hotel that I've stayed in where the tired and far too expensive rooms don't only come with bottles of water that'll cost you 8 Euro (!), but also with an additional mouse to keep you company. Beware!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>winksgal
<Content>Amsterdam Retreat       Bed  Cafe Machine  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NilsiBergen_Norway
<Content>Make sure you get the "right" room We arrive and got a room in the new part of the hotel. The room was really a disappointing expierence. The superior room was not like it was on internet. The first night we woke up hearing screaming in the hall and smashing the door in the room next to us. It was scaring.. The next day I made a complain in the reception and I was offered a new room in the old part. This room was renovated and perfect. So if you make a reservation make sure you get a room in the old part.Except from that. You can use the swimming pool for free and pay 9 euro for using a small sauna, and pay 12 euro for 1 hour exercise... you rather go for a walk and exercise for free. The best way to see Amsterdam is to buy a card for tram, bus and metro and jump on and off. We can also recommend a restaurant called Humphrey with a 3 course menu for 22,50 euro. Really fantastic food and atmosphere.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MintTea
<Content>Good central hotel, comfy rooms I booked this hotel online with easytobook.com and got a rate of 拢130/night which is a little on the pricey side but, as they say, you get what you pay for.The hotel is right across the road from Centraal Station and is so convenient for many of the sites in Amsterdam. 10mins walk to Dam Square, Anne Frank's House 15-20mins, and a little longer to all the shops you could wish for and about 30 mins or so from the Rijksmuseum and van Gogh Museum.We stayed in room 420 which was classed as a Superior Queen. It was a good sized room at the end of the corridor and was extremely quiet. The bed was so comfy and I got the best nights' sleep that I've had in ages! The room was heated by a huge wall heater which did the job nicely once it had warmed up. Although we didn't have a great view the size and quietness of the room more than made up for it. The television also had a couple of BBC channels which makes a nice change from being stuck watching Euro telly when you are chilling in your room in the evening.When we checked in, our room wasn't ready as the hotel was extremely busy. The helpful receptionist gave us a voucher for a drink each at the bar and our room was ready in an hour's time as the receptionist had said it would be.I found out on arrival that there is a free swimming pool (you have to pay for the other fitness amenities) and was disappointed that we hadn't brought our swimming gear.We didn't get breakfast included in our rate and instead made do with a trip to the nearest supermarket (15 mins walk), Albert Heijn, to stock up on breakfast goodies. As well as making use of the various nearby bakeries to buy waffles and other treats.Overall this is a great hotel with friendly helpful staff. On booking make sure you ask for a larger room as I think some of their rooms may be on the small side. The hotel is located in a great spot for sight-seeing and I highly recommend it, especially if this is your first trip to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>globetrotterboy
<Content>Great hotel in excellent location Hotel in excellent loction opposite the central station. Room was clean, neutral and bed was comfy. Breakfast was also of very good standard. Staff very helpful and knowledgeable!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Woo4uk
<Content>Good Location, Decent Hotel I travelled to Amsterdam in November on a business trip with a group of colleagues. The trip combines a mixture of business and socialising. I shared a triple room with two friends who are part of the group to keep costs down.Our room was classed as an executive room and had 3 single beds. For a city centre hotel it was fairly generous in terms of size but nonetheless a bit cluttered once three girls had unpacked their various lotions and potions! The beds were very comfortable and we did have enough storeage space for clothes etc. The bathroom was clean but very small. The tiles around the shower were a bit mildewed which was off putting but all in all it was adequate.The sound proofing in the hotel room was awful. Our room faced the rear of the hotel so we did not get street noise but the crying child in the next door room could have been in our room with us. It woke all three of us including my friend who is a heavy sleeper.We did not eat in the hotel as our booking was room only. There were a lot of nice cafes within easy walk for breakfast though and we dined well and at reasonable cost. Our colleague who took the hotel breakfast advised that it was good.The public areas of the hotel are smart and the staff very helpful. The concierge has tickets for sale for the Van Gogh museum which saves queing and will go online to try and book you in at Anne Frank's House. I would, however recommend doing that yourself in advance of your trip as it is very busy.The hotel is right accross from the main exit of the Centraal Station so if you are arriving from Schiphol by train you could not get a better location. It is well served by taxis and trams and Dam Square is an easy walk away.If I was returning to Amsterdam I would definitely have a look at staying here again. It was not perfect but it was still quite good value.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>caracatEssex
<Content>Excellent location Stayed here with a friend for a weekend. Excellent location right opposite Central Station so no long walk to do with your bags. Room was decent with good bathroom and very comfortable beds. The staff are superb and cannot do enough for you. Only moan is the breakfast - far too expensive and most of it was cold as it is a buffet style and left in tins etc etc. There is an excellent breakfast cafe around the corner - English breakfast for 6 euros. I can recommend the cocktails in the front bar. We went on a river boat dinner cruise which is an excellent way to see Amsterdam by night - very pretty.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IrelandSusan
<Content>Central Hotel Myself and 4 other girls stayed in this hotel for a weekend. We found it very central for anything we wanted to do. The staff where very nice and helpful. Rooms where fine. We did not include breakfast with our stay as that was 22 euro per person which we all though was a bit expensive. Otherwise would recommend this hotel for its location.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>GillianS
<Content>Location Location Location And Lovely Pool Spa We have just returned from a trip to Paris and Amsterdam and also Belgium and we stayed a week at this hotel. The hotel was the best location ever. We used the pool and spa and it was very good. We did not eat the breakfast though as many places nearby to eat at. Overall Amsterdam is expensive. The hotel is handy for all and the station is across the street where we took the Thalys train to Paris. The folks who work there speak excellent English and very very nice and helpful. The room was a good size and had a nice bathroom and the bed linens changed daily and lovely duvet and clean sheets and towels. The a/c worked very well indeed and climate control. We did though overlook the back shopping street and with the window open was noisy but the sights were fun. I would definately stay at this hotel again as you cannot beat the location for the price. You are near Dam Square and the train runs outside to other sights and cultural things. When visiting Amsterdam I will always stay here. Thank you. Anyb ody wanting any more info please contact me at gsamples@buchalter.com  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravellingAussie13
<Content>Average facilities but very convenient!!       Victoria Hotel Room 208a  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>af01
<Content>Nice hotel with good location Stayed here for two nigths on business in Amsterdam. Wanted a hotel with central location, so that it was possible to get a glimse om the city in the night after confrence. The hotel is located just by the central station, in walkin distance to maney nice areas and restaurantes. The breakfast is great with a broad selection - it is 22 EUR though so beaware wether this is included in your rate. If you are a tourist, you might want a hotel a little more to the south as the walking distance to the national museeum, the Van Gogh museeum and the other nice areas around here is quite long (around 30 minutes).The beds are very comfy (I want one like this at home :-) and the rooms are very standard.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>desnudouno
<Content>Nice by European Standards We stayed at the Park Plaza for four nights last week. As others have said, the location is fantastic. You can't miss it when you walk out of the train station. It is a five minute walk to the Red Light District and a 10 minute walk to Dam square, Anne Frank House. The area seemed safe and there were always people around even late at night. The room was slightly dated but clean and spacious by European standards. The bathroom was large and modern. My only dislike was we had an inward facing room and it was a bit dark. No other complaints. We did not eat at the hotel or use the pool.If you are looking for some good restaurants we liked the following. Most were between 40-65 euro per night with two glasses wine each.1) Koh I Noor- Indian. Excellent food in a nice atmosphere with a very friendly owner. This is a 10min walk from the hotel.2)Ristorante Caprese. Small neighboorhood Italian with excellent pastas.Also a 10min walk.3) De Rigeiur. Dutch. Neighborhood tavern/cafe. A bit further out but accessible by tram.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>PhilipDublin
<Content>Great Location Great Location, right beside central station and Dam square.The breakfast is great. The porter is very helpful and willing to give advice.No taxis or trams needed because its in the middle of everything!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>KPKH
<Content>Nice Place, But... We liked everything about this hotel except for one thing: the rugs! They looked and smelled terrible, especially in the hallways. The room was nice, and the bathroom was bigger than I expected. Our room overlooked a noisy street, but the double paned windows cut the noise down considerably.We had lunch at the hotel and it was great, but expensive. The service people were helpful and I would stay there again, but please clean the rugs!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>deejay51
<Content>average and mice in room This hotel is very average. The room we stayed in was quite spacious but very basic and dated. The carpets in the Garden Wing corridors were very stained and grubby.The first room we were given was a smoking room and the smell was awful. We went to reception and they switched the room to a non-smoking room which was much better. If you don't want a smoking room ensure you specify when you book.On our second night a mouse ran across the room.In my view this is expensive for what you get.The hotel is well located for the train station on the old centre.We will not stay here again as in our opinion is poor value. We did not have breakfast or any meals here.On the whole staff were found to be friendly.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>aslihanguler
<Content>good location  I stayed in the hotel with two of my colleagues for 2 nights, 3 days in December. We chose Park Plaza because of its convenient location, across from Amsterdam Centraal. It was very easy to transport to Schiphol Airport with the train. In my room, I can see the street; but one of my colleagues had a terrible view of indoor garden or something like that. The cleaning was excellent. The room and the towels were clean. It was very cold in the outside but the heating was very good in the room. Breakfasts were delicious. During check-in and check-out receptionists were very quick and helpful. You may also shop in the souvenir shop next to the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>osteopath13
<Content>Great Location Me and my boyfriend (24  26) stayed at the hotel for three nights in July 2008. The hotel's location is perfect being so central, and it is very easy to find once you leave centraal station as it is pretty much straight in front of the station. We found all the staff to be extremely friendly and helpful, and go out of their way to make your stay enjoyable. The lobby area is very nice as are the bar and restaruant areas. We had a room on the inside of the hotel so heard no street noise at all which was great. The room itself was nicely decorated but a bit on the small side. The bathroom could definately have done with an update but on the whole was clean. I wouldn't recommend paying the extra for breakfast, we ate in the hotel on our last day and it was outrageously expensive and the food was nothing special. There are plenty of lovely pancake houses nearby which are much more reasonably priced. The hotel's pool was a good bonus, however I would recommend taking flip-flops as the floor in the ladies changing room obviously hadn't been cleaned that day as it was covered in hair! On the whole this is a nice hotel, its location is fantastic.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	5	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lainey30
<Content>Short visit, well worth it Booked 2 rooms here for my sisters and a friend. We travelled on the train from Brussels. As it is in Dam Square, we were out of the train station and into hotel in no time. Reception area is small but check in was quick. Our rooms were lovely. Would def come back here. The leisure facilites were great. We stayed for 2 nights. We had some cocktails in the bar - pricey though. Overall, it was expensive but worth it as we were staying only 2 nights and its location is great. I would stay here again whenever I get a chance to go back to Amsterdam. It is a beautiful clean city.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>syllabub
<Content>Okay hotel, but rooms need refurbishing We stayed here for two nights in July 2008. The location is excellent and perfect if you have an early train journey the next morning! The reception and lobby is very nice, however I thought that the rooms let the hotel down a bit and need refurbishing. We stayed in the garden wing, and as I'd read some reviews on here, I was aware some guests had seen mice in this area of the hotel. I didn't see any myself, but there were some strange noises in the room during the night!We didn't eat at all in the hotel, but in a nice italian restaurant (if you stand facing the hotel, turn right and you'll find it up a side street). We also ate breakfast on the same street in a pancake place. I think this was all much cheaper than eating in the hotel. Overall I would recommend staying in the hotel if you need to be near the station, but otherwise next time I would try somewhere else.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>H_Hellraiser
<Content>Vermin! This is the second time my partner and I have stayed at the Victoria and I have to say things have gone down hill dramatically since our last stay. This trip we spent 2 nights (Wednesday to Friday morning) but we now have no intention of ever returning. We checked in on a hot sticky August day helping ourselves to a nice cool complimentary bottle of water whilst the trainee receptionist tried to book us into our room. WRONG not complimentary we were charged for it as we booked out!After finding our way over the bridge and along the 鈥渄irty鈥?corridor to our hotel room we were disappointed to discover our room musty and moldy and the bathroom still had long hairs belonging to the previous occupant in the shower. My partner and I had just finished a camping trip and this was supposed to be our little bit of luxury after it - this place is supposed to be 4 stars! We made do with the room and the noise from outside our window being thankful it was warm and dry however the final straw came during the night when I was awoken by a rustling noise from the dresser. When I got up I discovered the culprit was mice raiding our bag of sweeties (candy) we had brought over as a gift for our friends kids. I informed the receptionist and she was to say the least unconcerned 鈥測es we get that a lot, it鈥檚 because we are close to the canals鈥? 鈥淲hat can we do we don鈥檛 like them but they like us鈥? With that laid back attitude to vermin I dread to think what the kitchens are like! Perhaps a hotel cat or mouse trap or two? There was no evidence of any pest control anywhere in the hotel as far as we could see certainly not in our room or anywhere along the corridor.There are worse hotels in Amsterdam and the Victoria does have a great location but at the moment that鈥檚 about all it has going for it look elsewhere!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	2	2	3	3	

<Author>AlliJo1980
<Content>Great Location and Hotel This was my second time staying at the Victoria and I came back b/c of the great location and quality of the hotel. I have to say I was not as impressed the second time mainly b/c we were given a room in the older section of the hotel, whereas I had stayed in the newer wing the first time. So my suggestion is definitely to get a room in the newer section. That being said, the room was still nice, and one of the biggest draws is the location - virtually across the street from the train station and canal bus stops, and about a five minute walk from Dam Square. I especially liked that it is so close to everything, yet it is far enough away that it is not as loud and crazy as hotels nearer to the Red Light District. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful, and I was especially impressed that we were able to check in very early after arriving on an overnight train - we were exhausted and desperately in need of sleep and a shower so being able to check in at 9:30 a.m. was fantastic! Overall a very good stay, but probably a little more expensive than most places I stay (it was about $220/night), and not as much included - no breakfast and internet was insanely expensive! However, if you want a nice room that is centrally loacted, this is a great choice.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>pandoras_chocolates
<Content>Fine stay in a well located hotel We needed to have an overnight stay in Amsterdam, prior to meeting up with family members at the airport the next day. We chose to stay in the city. The Park Plaza Victoria stood out as it had received decent reviews, and was very conveniently located, about 5 minutes' walk from the central station.Our flight to Schiphol was delayed by 2 hours, so we didn't arrive at the central station in Amsterdam until 11pm. It was indeed a 5 minute walk to the hotel, though through a maze of construction.Check-in was fast and efficient, and we were given - as requested - a quiet room facing away from the street. The street-facing rooms are probably a lot noisier. Our double room was comfortable, yet small. Everything was clean and tidy. The bathroom was clean though it could have used an update. Overall, the room was fine.The location of the hotel is great, and we went out immediately for a walk along the Damrak - you're right in the heart of things as soon as you leave the hotel.Overnight, our room was quiet and we slept well. Checkout the next day was quick and efficient too, and we stored our luggage for a couple of ours before heading back to the airport.Overall, we had a fine stay. We wanted someplace convenient and comfortable, and the Park Plaza easily fit the bill.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	-1	4	4	-1	

<Author>CraigDownUnder
<Content>A mixed bag As others have said, location is excellent but rooms are not well cleaned. The dust on top of the wardrobe looked like it had been accumulating for about 20 years.Internet access at EUR22/day is a rip-off. There are other hotels nearby which offer it free.However, for those of us who like a swim, there's a pool, which is quite rare in this part of the world. I don't understand the complaints I've read, as the pool is a decent size (for an indoor hotel pool), in pleasant surrounds and kept at a good temperature, with other facilities available. The sauna and steam room theoretically cost extra, but there are usually no staff checking what guests are doing.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	2	3	3	2	

<Author>mckaykarenj
<Content>Great location but not great value for money. I chose this hotel because of the convenient location, across from Amsterdam Centraal. The lush, decadent exterior and entrance hall are not however, carried on into the bedroom. My room is small and boxy. The mattress is so firm I may be better sleeping on the floor, yet the pillows are so soft I may risk suffocation during the night.Check in was efficient.I ate at a bistro round the corner (near Soup Kitchen which I know from previous trips is great for wholesome food) rather than in the hotel because the screaming child put me off even looking at the menu.Location is excellent, en suite is nice, bedroom is small, staff are helpful. I wouldn't rush back though, so I'll try somewhere else next time I am in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>intl-travler77
<Content>JUST AWFUL This was the worse hotel I ever stayed at! I wanted to write this review right after we checked into the hotel, that's how appalled I was. First, we left the train station across from this hotel. We walked through a huge construction site that stretched a quater mile in front of the hotel. Fine, nothing the hotel can do about it, but no warning about the construction- which goes until about 1AM and starts at 7AM again- yet it was noted on the city map we received. Thanks for the heads up! Next, we go into what I thought was going to be a classy hotel. Instead it seemed like we walked into a bar 3 hours into happy hour; loud music, loud voices, people sleeping in the chairs in the lobby. Not the kind of the place the website and pictures portray this hotel to be. Then, our room. My jaw dropped as I opened the door- it looked like a dilapidated, disgusting motel room I would have expected to find in the RLD. The carpet was filthy, the hall and room itself smelt of stale smoke/stagnant air, the furniture was damaged and so old it looked like it had been picked up at a garage sale in 1964! And that was called the new wing! The bathroom was terrible! I actually had to use the Clorox disinfectant wipes I brought along to clean, but still showered with my flip flops on! There was mold in corners of the bathroom. I brought my own washcloth only to have housekeeping take it away with the hotel towels. The bath towel that I got one day was blackened as if a car mechanic had used it to clean their hands. I wish I could share the pictures that I took of this place, just awful! We went to see the pool and the gym and were also disappointed. We would refer to the pool as the foot pool because that's about how big it was and the gym that the hotel had the nerve to charge for was nothing more than an extra room with some gym equitment shoved in it. We used neither. This hotel supposedly is a 4-star hotel, when in fact it is a motel with a nice facade charging 5-star rates! I would never stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>Jennifer999
<Content>great location!! stayed with my husband for 3 day break, we were very pleased with location is directly opposite station and is an attractive building. The staff were friendly and our room was basic but nice and clean. We ate in the hotel restaurant one night and felt it was very over priced cost us 120 euro for meal for two which wasnt that great and that included only one bottle of house wine! wouldnt recommend eating there. rooms were also made up quite late we returned to our room to get ready for dinner at 4pm and room still not made up! overall a good hotel though and Amsterdam is great city!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>CaptainSid
<Content>Great Getaway I stayed at the Park Plaza Victoria Hotel with 9 other girlfriends on a hen weekend in May 2008. It was a lovely hotel, stylish, clean and modern with friendly staff and large comfy rooms. We stayed in twin rooms which were an excellent size, our view left a lot to be desired (looking on to the backstreet of a dirty looking row of shops) but we weren't there for the view and it certainly didn't bother us. The bathroom was clean and bright with a great shower, the beds were comfy and there was plenty of space for hanging our clothes. The bar was very trendy and did great tasting cocktails, perfect for starting the night off in style. We didn't eat at the hotel so can't comment on any food. The Concierge was great, very helpful and friendly without being pushy or sleazy and full of tips on where to get a good breakfast or the best bars.The hotel itself is very close to the train station which is really handy as we got off the plane, went down to the subway and caught the train then simply walked to the hotel. It is also close to the cafe's, shops and bars, we walked everywhere so I'd say it's in a good location however it was really really sunny when we were there so that probably helped, if it was rainy we'd have been less inclined but taxi's were cheap and plentiful so it wouldn't have been a problem.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>sheri15
<Content>Never again We booked this for one night for the location being so close to Central Station - it was very easy to find which we needed at 10pm when we arrived.The receptionist was rather cool. They gave us our room (which was hard to find) and we discovered it was a smoking room. I went to ask for another room as we are non smokers and the room smelt terrible. She advised there were no others unless we paid for an upgrade. I did kick up a fuss (politely!) as my husband and I couldn't sleep in there. The manager found some spare rooms. The next room we tried smelt of cooking, we must have been on the same air con route as the kitchen. But was it was late and I had already complained, we felt that cooking smell was better than strong nicotine.The room was quite dated but overall it was Ok, but for the price we paid, I think you would be able to find something more reasonable. We then stayed at a self serviced apartment through [--] which was great, and good value for money.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	5	3	2	-1	-1	

<Author>Minxie77
<Content>Great Location The best thing about this hotel is the location. As another reviewer pointed out, as you exit the train station you can see the front of the hotel. Cross the road (avoiding death by tram or bicycle) and you are there!! It is a 5 minute walk to the red light district and 10 minute walk to Anne Franck's House and The (World Class) Pancake Bakery. For me location is everything on a city break so I couldn't have been happier. Although it is central I found the rooms remarkably noise free.This is my second stay at this hotel, I have been happy with the room and hotel on both occasions. On my first stay the room was slightly larger but the room size was ample on both visits. My husband has stayed in various hotels in Amsterdam and he felt that the rooms at this hotel were large in comparison.The reception staff were frosty on our first visit but fine on this stay. I usually find reception staff in 4* + hotels to be austere, so this doesn't phase me but, If you are looking for a warm welcome and friendly service, this hotel may not offer what you are looking for. In contrast to reception, the concierge who dealt with our luggage and cleaning staff were exceptional.We were on the 7th Floor, which is currently a smoking floor. Unfortunately that will all change 1st July 2008, when the whole hotel will be non smoking. Same for public areas such as bars and cafes- how this will work in the red light district and especially the brown cafes no one is yet 100% sure. I booked this hotel for 2 nights directly on a Hot Deal. This meant each night was approx 130 Euros - which is almost half price. Personally, I wouldn't pay full price for this hotel but I was more than happy with what I got for what I paid.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>Rob_53E
<Content>Not Recommended Stayed 1 night whilst on a business trip. A very short walk from Central Station.I was given a room which seemed like it was in the basement. There was very little light as there was a wall approximately 1 foot away from the window.Generally, the room was dingy and needed refurbishmentWould not stay at this hotel again or recommend it. It was not good value for money.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	3	1	

<Author>TravelWriterPE
<Content>Not a great place to stay We stayed in this hotel for one night and wished that we had stayed elswhere. First, the hotel tells you they have parking. They do not. You have to use public parking that is three blocks away and costs 50 Euros a night. The Victoria is also broken up into the original hotel and the old rundown hotel they purchased next door. They do not tell you you may have to stay in this hotel. It is the classsic bait and switch. The carpets are stained and filthy. The rooms are okay but not too clean either and the room internet rates are high even for western Europe. In addition, the breakfast is expensive for a poor and limited quality buffet . When we spoke to the manager about the problems of the hotel he said he was sorry . We told him we booked our room in the Victoria not at the hotel they purchased next door. He said that most people liked staying in the add-on hotel next door. We found this hard to believe especially considering the awful condition of this old and inferior add-on hotel. Guests should know all of these facts before choosing to book this hotel. We won't stay at this hotel in the future.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	2	1	2	2	2	

<Author>jovialmonkeybusiness
<Content>Great location, lovely room, nightmare receptionist. Why hotels allow front of house staff to spoil a stay before it has even started is beyond me. We booked an executive room on the hotels own website for 2 adults and 1 child, selected double bed as opposed to 2 singles with an extra bed in the room. When we arrived the hotel was overbooked and we were given a twin room.We refused to accept it and were flatly told that the hotel did not have any double executive rooms with space for an extra bed to be added at all, ever. We stood our ground refusing to accept that the website would allow us to book such a room if they did not exist in the hotel. After much huffing and puffing we were given the room that did not exist (spooky) and very nice it was too. The room was faultless with a lovely bathroom. At the risk of sounding picky I must just mention that the free mineral water advertised on the website and in the hotel brochure is 6 euros so not sure how that is free!If you can get past the receptionists and get the room you booked I think you will be hard pushed to find fault with this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	5	5	1	4	5	

<Author>awsculli
<Content>Location, location, location We stayed at the Victoria because of its central location. You get from Schiphol to the central station by train in 20 minutes or so, and then on exit from the station you are looking at the Victoria across the canal and street. 3 minutes walk. The bar in the hotel is a lively affair, and has a good atmosphere. Reception is efficient, and rooms are functional, on the large side for a city centre hotel. Many good restaurants are an easy walk away.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Aimeelloyd
<Content>Awesome Hotel My fiance and I went there for 4 days. Firstly, it was in the most perfect location. Literally a minutes walk from the station. The check-in was easy, staff friendly and the room was great. It was clean, fairly contemporary and we had a great view over the station and the main roads.Drinks at the bar were a little pricey, but then most drinks at hotels are. Dining room was lovely and food was nice - didn't eat there all that much to be honest - we wanted to go out and experience the city.We were close to all the main tourist sights, and everything was walking distance, besides the Van Goch Museum and Rijksmuseum which are a tram ride away. Also, round the corner from the famous Grasshopper Pub, a brown cafe with a great vibe, and fairly decent food.If you are there for at least 3 days, I would recommed getting the ILOVEAMSTERDAM Card. For those who love pasta and pizza, there is a fantastic little italian restaurant just around the corner to the right of the hotel. Brilliant food, atmosphere and service.Would definitely go back there!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>cfcglen
<Content>Perfect Location Hotel is perfectly located directly opposite Centraal station  within walking distance of all main tourist areas.The hotel staff are very friendly  helpful.Hotel has two excellent bars which are both reasonably priced unlike any London hotel where everything is double that of Local bars.The slight downer is the fitness centre, which has only one running machine, one cross trainer  one i think slalom sking machine ? also the pool is tiny, the charge for this was i think 13 euro  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>KandLNJ
<Content>Good rooms, great location. My wife and I stayed here in May, and had a very positive experience. We got the hotel as a package deal through Hotwire, and as a result I don't know how our pricing compares to the hotel's usual rates. For what we paid, and for what we expected for a city-center hotel coming from the NY metro area ourselves, we were very satisfied with what we found.The location is fabulous if you are using the train from Schipol - after a 18 hour total travel day it was wonderful to be a 4 minute walk to the hotel from Centraal Station, however if you pack heavy and typically need a luggage cart to haul around your bags, you may have a little trouble. Day trips for two to Leiden (21 euros) or Haarlem (12 euros) are easy with trains leaving about every 15 minutes all day, and the main station for trams to get to any part of the city is about a 500 yd walk from the front door of the hotel. The Jordaan, and Oudezijds (and it's Red-light district) are minutes away by foot and if you bring your walking shoes, the Rijksmuseum and Vondelpark are an easy hike. The rooms were clean and spacious, the bathrooms were equally clean and boasted a bathtub that even a 6'1 frame could sit in comfortably! The built-in hairdryer looked ancient, but according to my wife it worked just fine, didn't smell like burned hair and dust (like some places we've been) and wasn't any louder than her hand-held one back home. The one negative was that the hotel has a scarcity of queen sized beds. We originally got a room for 2 with separate beds--not really what we would ever have expected. When I went back to explain the problem the desk clerk told me that the only option was a setup with 2 double-beds pushed together. The beds were comfortable, but make sure that you specify what you want if you desire a shared bed with your partner here!The view outside the hotel could be wonderful if you like the activity of a city, HOWEVER Amsterdam is putting in a new subway system and the entire roadway area around the hotel is torn up, walled in and under heavy construction. I was told that this project should be done by 2015, but I would assume that construction around the hotel will be done before then. This having been said, neither of us noticed any significant construction noise in our room (granted, we were on the other side of the building...), and getting around was still very easy as they had traffic control workers at every intersection and plenty of access paths through the construction area. We didn't try the brasserie or restaurant here, mainly because the prices were (at least) double what they were at nearby cafes and restaurants (breakfast was listed as 20 euros p/p versus 7 to 8 euros p/p average at any cafe within a 5 minute walk), but the food smelled good at least and the bar area looked clean, and very fashionable. The clientele seemed to be mostly business people on work trips schmoozing each other or their clients here in the evenings.The service was friendly and helpful across the board although, depending on which concierge was working, information beyond simple which tram gets me to ... questions were not always accurate in their information (ex: our day trip to Haarlem/Keukenhof was a disappointment because he didn't let us know that a bus strike in Haarlem meant there were no bikes to rent there). Overall, we had a good experience and would definitely recommend this hotel to others traveling here.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>trinzeon
<Content>A pleasant hotel with a few issues I have stayed a few times at the Victoria for work meetings, most recently last week. It is an older hotel and an Amsterdam staple. The staff is courteous and helpful. A couple of downsides: - The cleaning staff failed to remove empty bottles and cans on 2 different occassions from the room. If you don't put them in the trash can, they don't clear them. - The bathroom had a strong sewage smell every day. Not overpowering, but clearly noticeable. - The hotel restaurant food was not very good (at lunch and dinner). I spend a lot of time in Amsterdam and typically go to a select group of restaurants and avoid hotel food in general. This hotel reminded me why I do that. We had 2 lunches and a dinner at the hotel and all were sub-par.My room faced Centraal Station and was a bit noisy, but that is to be expected. If you want a quiet room, you should request that and get something facing away from the station. To rooms and common areas have WiFi and the connection is average. The price is a bit steep (I think about 15 Euro 24 hours). Eventually, hotels will have to recognize that free WiFi should be a requirement for business travellers.The fitness center is there, but is nothing special (and confusing to get to if you just try to follow the signs). The pool is so small as to not be worth getting in. I am not sure if there is an extra charge for use, as my company is Dutch and provides access to all amenities as part of our staying there. Better to get your excercise walking around Amsterdam if you have the time.On the plus side is the location. It is a 3 minute walk from Centraal. Can't beat that, particularly after a redeye flight. Note that there is a LOT of construction going on near the station, so that should be a consideration if noise is a factor. That said, it is no louder than a typical day in New York.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>nanrosemar
<Content>changed alot have stayed many times in last 10 years, but it needs the rooms refurbished!!! we always stay in rooms 310/311 in old part and rooms spacious superior. never eat at hotel always gone out. location brilliant opposite central station, go to thai bird restaurantexcellant as always.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>jbh436
<Content>Perfect for us I see a lot of negative reviews for this hotel, but personally, I saw nothing wrong with it. It was comparable to most American hotels I've stayed in at that price/star-level, with, of course, much smaller rooms. But as I understand, that's just Europe for you. Plus, we didn't go to Amsterdam to sit in our room. Interestingly enough, the bathroom was almost as big as the bedroom - which was a good thing since you DO need more room in there.Found the location to be very nice - close to Centraal Station, close to lots of shops and cheaper eateries (we only went to one restaurant before realizing how expensive things were). As for the threat of crime around the area - it doesn't even compare to many American cities I've been in (New Orleans, St Louis, Memphis, etc). Of course, that's just a gut feeling. We never felt threatened, but still made sure to keep our eyes open for trouble.I guess if I were used to 5 star hotels where money is no option, this would be a disappointment. But really, I just wanted a clean, convenient place to stay and that's exactly what I got. Also, at the time, you could get rooms here through Priceline for pretty cheap.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jamr0ck
<Content>Dirty, Poor Management First of all the location is good, no doubt about it. The food in the restaurant and the lobby are good too, but thats it. The quality of the rooms ( even in the renovated wing) are garbage. The management was very unaccommodating for any request made, and they were not big requests.The rooms were dirty, wore down, and just plain old and ugly. I wouldn't even walk barefoot throughout the room thats how bad it was.Reception was horrible and did not even try to be helpful with anything.Other than location, which isn't even that important considering the size of Amsterdam and easy transportation, this hotel is bad. The equivalent of about a 2 star hotel in the states.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JLFERG
<Content>Two Night Stay at Park Plaza Victoria       desk area  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Herladyship23
<Content>Old, tatty, poor customer service - avoid! Upon arrival at Central Station the hotel looked quite promising - it occupies a corner position in a large old building. On the positive side:Close to the station and although there is work going on outside this isn't noticeable inside.The reception area, brasserie, bar and breakfast rooms are all nice, unfortunately this is where all of the positives end!On the negative side:The first room we were allocated was filthy - The room smelt old and dampThe carpet looked dated and dirtyThe bath enamel had come off in several placesThe woodwork was scratched and looked as though an animal had been chewing on it.The second room we were allocated: (supposedly refurbished in 2006) was in slightly better condition than the first - the bath enamel was in tact. The carpet was still old and dirty looking the woodwork worn and tired, there was dirt on the walls of the bathroom and bedroom, the duvet covers had been thrown over the duvets and not fastened, the fan in the bathroom didn't work and the hairdryer on the wall looked like something out of the 60's - it made an almighty noise and didn't even dry my hair. The tea and coffee facilities had not been replenished and it took two telephone calls, a visit to reception and 4 hours to get 2 tea bags from housekeeping. - Good job I wasn't thirstyThere were several curtains on the window which seemed to stop the cleaners being able to get to them - when I pulled back the net the window and windowsill were grey and covered in dust/dirtWe stayed on the Relax package (dinner bed and breakfast) which I would not recommend. These packages are much better at the Hilton or Marriott. When we went for dinner in the brasserie we were told we had to have Shrimp and Avocado salad followed by Rib Eye Steak and chocolate dessert. I explained that neither of us ate shrimp or steak and was told that we would have to see the menu then! On looking at the menu the 3 course menu was on offer anyway so I don't know why we HAD to have what we were told when seated! Food was ok but vegetarian options on the menu were limited the veg starter was a sweetpepper risotto and the veg main cousre was green bean risotto. The service was poor throughout the hotel and if you have booked I would strongly recommend that you check your bill carefully when checking out and don't choose the express checkout option. Checking out took a long time but I am glad we waited as they had tried to charge for breakfast twice despite it being included in the package. This was eventually taken off but whilst we were there we also heard 3 other guests complaining that their bills were also higher than they should have been and some guests had been charged for services that they did not have.I would never return to this hotel or recommend it to anyone - not even my worst enemy. Reception seems like a 4 star but the rest of the hotel is 2 star standards at best. Very disappointed  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Gnomes
<Content>Wasnt that bad Arrived from the station, to find hotel in a GREAT position, right over the road, no problems checking in the lady on reception was polite and helpful, as were all the other staff, our room was on the fifth floor, both room and bathroom were clean. Great shower!!The view was distracted with building work, but with no fault of the hotel.Didnt get chance to use the leisure facilities, but did go for a quick look and if we had stayed longer would have tried out.Loved our first visit to amsterdam and will come again and would stay back at this hotel.Would recommend the ice bar too to any future visitors, tho it was smaller than we thought, but then it wasnt too busy so didnt bother us.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>kebabster1
<Content>Great location, average room Agree with other reviewers who praise the location - the hotel is definitely in a very central spot. Very easy to find from the station. Arrived at 11.00 am and had to queue for 15 minutes before I could check in. Concierge stored bag until I returned at 2.00 pm which was the earliest I could get in my room.A little disappointed with the room. I was on the second floor of the Garden Wing which is in desperate need of refurbishment. The entrance to my room had crumbling plaster on the floor which was still there when I left.Room was basic, furniture outdated and scruffy. Dirty marks on the floor. Bathroom wasn't too bad. Shower pressure was fantastic but tiles could have done with a re-grout. Bed linen and towels clean.Didn't use the bar as it was full of cigarette smoke - it was pretty horrid leaving and entering the hotel when the bar was in use.I was a bit shocked to see porn on the TV when I flicked through the channels and was glad that I didn't have children with me. Surely this should be a choice and not accessible immediately via the remote control.Overall I wasn't majorly impressed for the price for which was a supposedly 4* hotel.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>lurdes777
<Content>Great hotel for a conference, unbeatable location! Just finished out meeting there - 50 people , all hapy bunnies - great rooms, great food, excellent service - would reccommend for a mid-size conferences and meetings!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>squirrelchops
<Content>Everything we needed My boyfriend booked a 2 night stay at this hotel for my birthday. He had worked in Amsterdam and said that everytime he left Centraal Station he thought what a great location this hotel was in and he was spot on. The hotel is a couple of minutes from the station and all the transport you need ie canal bus, bus, trams, taxis and bicycle hire to explore the city. We combined canal bus and much walking....would recommend the comfiest footwear you have and don't be a slave to fashion!!The hotel was lovely.......the bar was great, very modern and the staff friendly. We would have a few drinks in the evening before going out to dinner and each time were given large bowls of complimentary mixed nuts and olives. We had no problem checking in and the concierge was helpful. We were able to buy canal bus tickets and entrance tickets to museums directly from the concierge which saved time and hassle.The room was to a very good standard.....on 2 levels which surprised us. The bed was comfortable and although no view at all, which was a shame, we were actually pleased as it meant that when we finally came home there was no noise at all. The shower without doubt was the best bit....the strongest one I have ever been in.....think we came home minus several layers of skin but it was great!We enjoyed our stay and wished we had booked a third night but given how tired we were on getting home this may well have finished us off!!!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>IanrJones10
<Content>Undecided I'm undecided about this hotel. We like Amsterdam but the hotel we usually stay at was full; so we opted for the Victoria. We booked and stayed for 1 night (2nd Feb).There was a lot about the Victoria I liked. I found the staff good, and the location is excellent. We had a executive room on the 3rd floor and the room was clean, tidy and comfortable. We ate lunch in Vic's (the on site restaurant), and the food was great.On the downside the lobby/communal area on the ground floor is long and quite narrow. This means that for us/you non smokers it is quite common to run a gauntlet of smoke betwen the lifts and the outside world. I found this quite unpleasant. Also I had one of my worst night's sleep in this hotel due to several other guests on my floor being noisy until about 4am.So next time I visit Amsterdam I'm going to book my usual hotel far enough ahead!  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Queenie66
<Content>Dreadful hotel, very poor service and rudest, most unhelpful management       Bed pushed against wall  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	2	

<Author>tixiebella
<Content>Great Location! We stayed here for a long weekend at the beginning of Jan 08..Fantastic city centre location..clean  tidy...didnt eat at the hotel atall so we cant comment on the food.We booked with Expedia who didnt tell us that we would have to pay a city tax per night we were there and only found out when we had to pay our bill on checking out!We last went to Amsterdam in 2002  noticed that it has got quite expensive now for eating out and drinks.We would go back to this hotel!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>moneypenny002
<Content>Good Location but.... Our Stay 28th Dec-30thDecThe hotels location is great, just across the street from Central Station.You can walk to anything easily, no need for taxis.The use of the spa at the hotel was at an extra charge, I feel this should have been included considering the amount they charge for the rooms.The lobby area looks nice, we found the concierge staff very friendly and helpful, You can also leave your bags with them if your room isn鈥檛 ready.The bar area looked nice, however we did not visit it.We did have breakfast at the hotel, good choice, nice and fresh, plus served until 11am on the weekends, so you still get to have a great lie in bed.The most disappointing parts of the hotel are firstly the reception staff, we found them to be very unhelpful, uninterested in the guests, almost to the point of being rude.Secondly the size of our room, we booked a smoking room and the 1st floor, very small, the kind of room that when you walk into it you practically fall on the bed, although it was clean and reasonably well furnished nothing special but fortunately when staying a City you don鈥檛 spend much time in your room.Bathroom adequate, small but shower was fine.We arranged a late check out which cost 35 euros for 2 hours, expensive but nice if you want to relax before trip home. Overall, the location is the best thing about this hotel, it is by no means a 4 Star hotel and Not 4 Star service but if you can get a good room rate and don鈥檛 expect too much it鈥檚 not a bad choice.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>Gremshi
<Content>2* rooms Stayed for 2 nights the beginning of January. Hotel communal areas very nice, but extremely disappointed with the room (754). Room decoration and furniture very basic for what is supposed to be a 4 star hotel. Carpet had coins and hair clip on floor when checked in, so hadn't been vacuumed, wooden furniture had drink stains on so not polished, felt very grubby. Apart from poor room the hotel is excellently located and a few minutes walk from train station.Recommend going to De Bijenkork department store (2nd floor restaurant) for excellent self service food, which is a few minutes walk down Damrak.If I was going back to Amsterdam I'd stay at Moevenpick Hotel.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	1	5	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>dippen
<Content>Perfectly located with a great bar for meeting up with friends We booked this hotel through a special advertised on the hotel's website and were pleased we did. The hotel is right across the street from Centraal Station. And it is located right smack dab in the middle of everything so you can walk to anything easily. We never ended up taking a cab anywhere. We did take the local train to Rembrandtplein and the museums, but not to generally get around. There was no need for it.The rooms were better than expected but not 5 star. More like 3 star, but well kept and very spacious. We were lucky to be on a higher floor and get a view of the entire Centraal Station.We had a party of 8 which could be hard to coordinate in most cases, but we would just call and tell the others we were ready then eat and/or drink in the bar downstairs which was bright and sunny with big windows and lively. We used this bar to meet up daily and plan our days.The showers were the only thing to complain about - they only have half a door, so the bathroom gets pretty wet. Location wise, this place was awesome. The fact that it had a bar in the lobby made the place more lively and easy to meet people or wait for people. I would stay here again and the other 7 friends said the same thing.Very pleased with this establishment!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Hey01
<Content>concierge excellent, rooms boooo Well stayed there for a week 23rd dec till 29 dec 07.Good stuff first. Concierge were great booked us a very nice good quality restuarant on the 24th for dinner, also advised us well on everything we needed. Reception, bar area was nice and modern, the only problem was that the bar was a smoking area and for us that was a problem as the was no division between smoking and non smoking. The hotels location was great especially when you are arriving via train, just oppsite the train station and at the start of damark street. Room are ok ,but not a 4 star standard. Would recommend this hotel although for its location.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	5	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>Eddie384
<Content>A little Mouse with Clogs on... My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights recently to celebrate our wedding anniversary. I booked the hotel back in June and chose it for its convenient location opposite the transport hub of the Centraal Station as well as it receiving some favourable reviews on Trip Advisor.We checked in on a Wednesday lunchtime without a problem and were given a room in the 'Garden Wing' (2nd Floor). The room could have done with a little renovation but was decent enough and our first night passed without incident.We never used the bar or restaurant facilities but these must have been popular judging on how busy they were everytime we passed through. At around midnight on the second night however there was a small brown mouse scuttling around our room. We reported this to the front desk who sent a man to our room to investigate. Having conducted a 'thorough' investigation (shining a torch under the bed!) he concluded that the mouse was no longer in the room and that it must have escaped into the corridor via a small gap under the room door. He returned with towels to plug this gap insisting that the mouse had gone, he then promptly left.Around 30 minutes later my Wife, (understandably being unable to sleep) heard a scratcing noise and turned the light on. The mouse was now on my pillow about six-inches from my head!After contacting the front desk again we were finally moved (we were intitially told that there were no rooms available) to a room on the fifth floor of the 'Victoria Wing'. This room was of a good standard and also rodent-free which is always a bonus! Unfortunately it was now after 1am. On checking out the following day nobody from the hotel apologised for the 'mouse incident'. A Trip Advisor user had encountered a similar problem in September, I thought this may have been a one off and decided not to cancel my booking. However I can confirm that there is definitely a rodent problem in the 'Garden Wing'. For those who do not like sharing their bed with small hairy creatures - AVOID!!!.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	3	2	3	

<Author>dabraham74
<Content>Victoria, Excellent! Stayed at the Victoria 1/11/07 for 4 nights and can't fault it. Friendly staff, perfect location, great bar, comfy beds, good shower... Loved Amsterdam. Had a great time with my wife and friends and will 100% go back and probably stay in the Victoria again.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JESVancouver_B_C_
<Content>Good location The location is very convenient. Just a block away from the train station and the Canal Bus office. It is also just a few blocks away from the Jordan district where a number of interesting restaurants abound. The lobby of the hotel bodes well but while the room was good size, the carpets and furniture are in need of renewal. It was also unfortunate to learn upon arrival that there was a charge for the fitness room. This is not an uncommon annoyance but should be on the web site.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>Clarey11
<Content>Great location A group of 8 of us( aged 25-34 ) stayed here for a few nights in Aug.The hotel was lovely very clean and breakfast was nice loads to choose from. The location is within walking distance of central station (even with bags) and also within walking distance of Dam square.Good location staff nice and lovely bar area to chill out with your mates.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>SweeneyT
<Content>Really nice hotel       From superior bedroom  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Julie009
<Content>Beware of Rodents in the "Garden" Wing We stayed at the Victoria Palace for three nights at the beginning of September. As others have said, checking in is chaotic with long lines and lots of frustration. Even after returning at the recommended time (2:00 pm), our room was still not ready. When we did get a room in the Garden wing it was older and obviously had seen a great deal of use. On the second night of our stay, I was lying awake in bed reading due to jet lag when I heard a rustling noise, I dismissed it at first, but continued to hear it. I started looking around to find out where the noise was coming from and saw a mouse on the curtain tie-back. The rodent then proceeded to scramble down the curtains and run along the wall behind the bureau with the TV. Needless to say, I immediately called the front desk and informed them that we had a mouse in our room and would like a new room. We were told the manager would be coming to our room shortly. The night manager showed up after a few minutes, listened to our story and then went to arrange a new room -- he said he was speechless, but I sort of got the feeling he was somewhat dubious. This being Amsterdam, doubtless he'd had his share of customers in states of altered consciousness, however, my husband and I don't even drink, so we were quite clear on the reality of the situation.We did get a new room in the main part of the hotel, the manager left saying it was the best he could do (we didn't argue with him, we were happy to get out of a room we obviously weren't going to be able to sleep in). However, this was the last we heard from anyone in hotel management. No phone call the next day to inquire about our experience or our satisfaction with the new room -- nothing, no further acknowledgement of our experience and middle of the night move whatsoever.My husband used to manage hotels, and thought this level of customer service was not exactly top-notch, and I would have to agree.So, if you do book a room at this hotel, I would keep in mind that they do have some wildlife in the Garden wing. For what we paid, I was quite surprised this was a problem, and needless to say, I would never stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>benoit908
<Content>Victoria Hotel I booked this for a group of us for a stag do. I booked it through a dutch website which offered up to an 80% discount online.The rooms were ok for a standard twin and compared to most mainland european capitals it is far above average. The lobby and bar area is lovely with a large piano on show and the consierge were very helpful and even stored our luggage for the afternoon once we checked out so we could stay in the city before our flight. There were over 15 bags.Well worth the money we paid however most stag dos are centred around the main town and canals for the bars and obvious other reasons and this one is opposite the train station which, although handy for commuting to the airport, can be a bit of a walk (10-15 mins) from the bars etc. which causes problems when your are worse for wear.A good hotel and very accomodating but I changed hotel for this year to the Swissotel on Damrak opposite Dam Sq and found this location far more convenient and the price the same.I've been here two years on the bounce now and feel it is an extremely sureal place to visit. Well worth the experience but unless you want to do drugs, drink or participate in all the lewd acts available there is little else to do. Couples or families - I would recommend the Van Gogh museum and Rembrandt Square for dining out etc. Anywhere near Dam Square and it's surrounds becomes an extreme version of London's Soho, and I mean extreme!Two pointers for would be Amsterdam visitors -1) Get a train from the airport to Amsterdam Central. It costs 2 Euros and you can't get lost. At the airport follow signs for the train. Look for Amsterdam central and get off! You are now in the main part of the city and there is only one main road directly in front of you called DAMRAK. That leads to everything. Similarly, use it on the way home. A taxi will set you back 40 Euros and takes longer.2) Of a night all the white dutch locals disappear and the places around the canals fill up with Africans either trying to rob you or sell you drugs. Be very careful at night and stay at least in pairs. They have dutch bicycle police around the canals but they are seriously outnumbered. Be prepared to be offered drugs at least 50 times a night by night folk following you saying Charlie, Charlie, Charlie It doesn't take a rocket scientist to establish that they are not all looking for their dog.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Mum64
<Content>Fantastic location Excellent hotel with very friendly staff. Ideally located just opposite the Central Station.Room was huge and spotlessly clean.Staff very helpful.Would definitely stay at this hotel again  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Seberus
<Content>Central....basic...that's it.... This hotel has everything you need....but just. It is centrally located across the street from the Central Station....its greatest asset and , also,very , very loud......trams going by until midnight , street noises etc. That said, the hotel is accessible to all the hot spots in Amsterdam, the rooms are small, not recently renovated but serviceable. The staff is helpful but overwhelmed, checking in, checking out... the line forms on the right....be prepared to wait....It has everything, and the price is moderate......  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>ms0
<Content>Dissapointed from the room       room 01  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	1	3	-1	

<Author>Twiggywiggy
<Content>Look again After reading a lot of wonderful reviews about this hotel with Trip Advisor I decided to book in from Aug 16th to Aug 19th 2007.We walked into this big Hotel at 13.30 and our room was not ready. The Hotel lobby was full of loud people from all over the world all pushing bags and cases all over the floor, it was mayhem.We decided to leave our bags in the Hotel and go for a walk. After we came back we got the key to our SUPERIA room, it was small and I was quite disappointed. We had a room on the 5th floor overlooking a big hole and a massive construction site, the worker in the crane opposite the Hotel was actually in line with our bedroom and we could wave to him, the nose was awful.The Bathroom was a bit grubby and was in need of redecoration, but the bed was comfy. I feel that we paid a lot of money for an average hotel, the staff where helpful but that鈥檚 about it. My advice would be to book a smaller hotel in a more peaceful spot than the Victoria. The Hotel was overpriced but in a good spot if you enjoy loads of noise and no sleep.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	5	5	

<Author>jacobwidnes
<Content>Loved the Victoria Plaza would definately recommend Excellent location, opposite central station, would definately recommend this hotel both for the friendly and accomodating staff, and the spacious clean rooms which were well kept, would definately book this hotel again on returning to amsterdam, I have no negative comment about this hotel it was excellent, and made our stay in Amsterdam that more enjoyable.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TWNTI1
<Content>Had a Good Weekend Break just come back after staying at the hotel for 3 nights for the second time.must say we had a nicer room the first time, which was on the garden wing, much lighter and more room. the hotels on the other side is very dark.ideal location as it is in front of the central station and a few yeards from dam square. bar area is very nice.would stay there again .  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>TomGarg
<Content>Good choice Perfect location ( near CS and Dam square) ,the hotel structure is full 4 stars, rooms are big considering Amsterdam standard , they have a new and wide bathroom but quite old room furnishing.Breakfast various and tasty.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>DawnMacclesfield
<Content>Great location for central station Travelled to Amsterdam in mixed party of 8 and wanted a central and reasonable priced hotel. Found Victoria Park Plaza on internet and got a rate of 165 euro per night for double/twin room. Easy to find from airport, we jumped on a train for 4 euros and arrived at central station 20 mins later - the hotel is facing the station entrance.On entering the hotel is looks very grand with marble floors and pretty decor. The check in was painless and we were quickly in the lift to our room. The room was ok, not the largest bathroom I have seen but it was fine for our stay. The shower had great power and had a fixed shower screen (no curtain). The bathroom did lack counter space.The room itself had all the essentials :- tv, mini bar, plenty hangers, writing desk, dresser with large mirror, 5 drawers, internet connectionBreakfast wasn't included in our rate and we were never up early enough so can't comment.We used the main hotel bar but it was small and full of large furniture that made it look smaller. We struggled to get our party of 8 round a table. The hotel also had a sports bar but it was never open when we were around - pity as it looked really nice and the blokes in our crowd would have liked to watch the footie.Location is good, you can easily walk down to Leidesplein etc in 30 mins taking in all the culture and atmosphere.The red light district is very close and worth a walk by at night.Eating - we had breakfast at the Grasshopper pub which is round the corner from the hotel :- walk down Damrak and take first left, the Grasshopper looks onto Damrak and the canal. Good eggs and beer. Behind the hotel are plenty of side streets with lots of cafes, bakeries and Mcdonalds - you won't starve.All in all we had a fab time and I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is sight seeing and wants somewhere to crash at the end of the day. It is clean and friendly.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>xmas63
<Content>A bit disappointed... I have no major complaints, but after reading the predominantIy positive (and in some cases extremely positive) reviews, I have to admit: I was a bit disappointed.I was referred to the hotel by a colleague in Holland who had informed me that the hotel was recently renovated, and was impressed by the work they did in the lobby and bar area. (He had never seen any of the guest rooms.) With the incredibly convenient location---right in central Amsterdam and across the street from the train station---with its reasonable rates, and with great reviews, it was an easy decision to make the Victoria home for my week-long business trip.Indeed, the lobby, the bar, and the entire lobby level was very nice. But once I stepped out of the elevator, things went downhill fast. If the hallway was renovated, I couldn't tell. There was a bit of a stale smell, and the carpet was lumpy. The room was very small, just enough space for the bed, a small desk, dresser, and a small wardrobe. The bathroom was probably the smallest hotel bathroom I've ever seen in my life.On the topic of the bathroom, there were a few annoyances:-- No counterspace whatsoever. There was literally one inch of space on either side of the sink.-- They don't provide washcloths.-- The tiny shower stall had one of those light-weight curtains that get sucked into the stall when the water's on and cling onto you while you're showering. While the rooms may possibly have been renovated (hard to tell for sure), it definitely did not feel like I was in a newly renovated or newly-decorated room. The room, the furnishings, and the carpeting were all kind of dark. Reminded me of an average Holiday Inn. Nothing modern; no LCD TV. In fairness, though, everything seemed clean and in good repair.In summary, I would rate my overall experience as average. If you're looking for basic accommodations at a great location, you may be very satisfied. But I would not consider this to be a four-star hotel, as they claim. My stay was reasonably comfortable---and not so bad that I felt compelled to pack my stuff and move out---but I will consider other options for my next trip.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>slythgoe
<Content>Not such a hot deal       the room  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	-1	

<Author>Tony36
<Content>Four and a half Stars 10 out of 10 = top marks all round. Sorry, but just can't find anything to complain about! Extremely clean, bright and pleasant atmosphere everywhere in the building. All Reception Staff and Concierges were so happy and helpful, as were the other members of staff. Never without a smile and a have a nice day. Room and all facilities were as good as you can get. Nice to get tea/coffee making facilities provided. That refurbishment work has now been completed. So just ignore all those moans from the past. Would return tomorrow, with pleasure. Do not hesitate to book it. Please note, that if you want the smaller, lighter, healthier breakfast, go along and down to the Brasserie (in the Conservatory), it's much cheaper and great value. People (including locals) were pouring in off the street - seperate entrance round the corner of the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stonebrigger
<Content>Well worth a try Just to echo what most other reviewers are saying about the Victoria, we found the staff to be most polite and helpful and the hotel is conveniently located for the station and shopping areas. It's a bit of a walk to the museums but you can get a water taxi nearby.Rooms are spacious and clean. Nice bar and restaurant. They offer some good deals and if it's value for money you're after then this hotel is well worth a try.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>BigJimCardiff
<Content>One of the best This hotel in my view is among the top 5 hotels in Amsterdam. It's located directly across from Centraal station, meaning there are no transport problems. Rooms have everything you could need. The Victoria can be expensive but if you go on their website you can often get hot deals which are great value, the only condition with those deals are that you will get charged full price if you cancel or do not turn up. I've been to Amsterdam numerous times over the last 3 years, and I've stayed here about 20% of the trips (the only reasons I don't stay here sometimes is price and availibility - often fully booked). Whenever I am in Amsterdam I pop into the Victoria to speak to the concierge, they are brilliant guys and always have voucher to get into things free.If you find the prices are within your budget, it's really worth it!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>BusinessClass3
<Content>Very Impressive This would have to be one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in....I spent 5 days at the hotel and was very impressed.My travelling companion and I received a very impressive welcome from reception, upon our check-in. The experience was swift and memorable.My room was extremely comfortable, the beds comfy and the pillows adequate. I would like to say that for Europe, the room was very big. I had been travelling through Europe for 4 weeks, staying at a variety of hotels which consisted of small spaces. So, a large room was very welcomed.The bathrooms are excellent with well stocked linen and lotions and gels. We had breakfast for 5 mornings and the food was excellent. Always well stocked and an adequate selection. I also found the staff on the morning shift to be very friendly and welcoming. As everybody knows, the morning shift can be a drag....but this did not show with this crew. I was impressed.Security at the hotel was good, except I do recommend that the hotel develop a more secure way of accessing the lifts and floors. Unlike other international hotels, The Victoria does not allow guests to swipe their cards to access floors. Therefore, unsavoury characters may get to access guest areas.The hotel also has a small business centre. However, the cost of accessing the Internet is costly and I recommend local Internet cafes nearby.The hotel's location is another major appeal. It is right across the road from the central railway station and with easy access to sights, such as Anne Frank's House, The Red Light District, Royal Palace, Canals and excursions, etc,I will certainly return to The Victoria and my stay was very memorable.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>MaximillianAmsterdam
<Content>good standards I've stayed in the Victoria Hotel in Augus 06.The location of the Victoria hotel is excellent, opposite of the Central station.Check-in is ok, altough the service and kindness of the front-office staff varies every day.The rooms are ok, equipt with a large bed and comfortable seating, a large desk and sufficient lightening.The bathroom is average, not bad but certainly not superb. Biggest minor is the view of some rooms, ( if you can call it a view ), I was looking at another building at about 2 meters away, so my view was only a wall. It reminded me at a commercial where a couple in a hotel opens a curtain and only spots a wall.........Overall; average experience, pricing is high but location makes up for much.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>louiseelizabeth
<Content>great location We stayed here for 3 nights for our 9th wedding anniversary and had a great time.Firstly the hotel is so close to the train station a walk across the road, we got a ticket from the airport to train statio 8.20 euros return for two which is great when a taxi could cost from 40 euros.The reception staff are polite and friendly and there is a nice atmoshere in the hotel.we paid for breakfast in the hotel which was well worth it as ther was a lot of variety and the quality was there.Down side the room was a bit shabby for a 4 star, could of done with modernising, and was a touch small, but you are in such a good location, to walk and explore the city that was not really too much of a problem, if it had been dirty then yes that would have spoit it but the room was was very clean.the only other problem was the charge for tthe gym which was 12.50 euros for one hour , we have stayed in many 4-5 star hotels were it is complimentary and were rather annoyed at the charge, hence we did not pay and hired bikes instead and went around amsterdam which was rather fun , if not exhasting.good hotel and we would go back.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>NapaMiaa
<Content>Wonderful!! We were going on a cruiseship and had never been to Amsterdam.I was very nervous. I wanted a nice,clean,safe hotel for my mother and I.I read all the reviews and decided to stay there.It was GREAT!They were very friendly.Helped me with every request and then some.I was up walking around the hotel (with my coffee) VERY early in the morning.I was just checking out the place enjoying my coffee.One of the workers saw me and asked if I wanted more coffee.They filled my cup up with there own personal coffee pot.The breakfast buffet was good too.(a bit pricy though)We arrived early and they checked us in with no problems. We went right to our room.The view was perfect.I got a good deal off of Hotwire too!There is no question,this is the place to stay if I ever return to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sparklymonkeys
<Content>Don't bother looking around, just go here! The Victoria is perfect. It's a 5 minute walk from the train station and on the corner of Damrak (only 5 mins from the sex museum, not for the faint hearted!) My boyfriend bought me here for my birthday last August and we couldn't fault it. The rooms are massive and really comfortable and ours overlooked the canals so we could have a good old nose at the comings and goings. There was also a very attractive falafel stand outside (!) but there's one of those every 5 metres in the Dam. Perfect location for whatever side of Amsterdam you're after. It's opposite the canal bus for pootling about in the day (less traumatic than navigating roads while avoiding silent but deadly trams which are EVERYWHERE!), 10 minutes walk from the red light district (but you wouldn't think it, not a hint of sleaze anywhere) and very close to some rather lovely coffee shops which are sure to leave you with a smile on your face. It's not worth having breakfast though as there is a cool little cafe around the corner (le pot feu or something like that) that does an excellent brekkie for 6 euros. There are also museums and Madame Tussaud's just down the road in Dam Square. The food is great and the manager made it his mission to pack us off to some excellent restaurants every evening (often with complementary drinks so he's worth talking to!) Just be careful if you sit by the windows in the bar as they are lit up with changing coloured lights and at one point I found myself sat in the window surrounded by a red glow, hmmmm, but seriously, just go there.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KimberlyAZ
<Content>Great place to stay So convenient to train station, water cruieses, everything. The staff was great, room was wonderful, no fancy, but very clean and nice for us. Centrally located to so many attractions, and across the street from central rail station, buses, water cruises. Had so much fun. Would definely return.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>hakeberrr
<Content>Great location, would stay here again! We chose this hotel from only what we saw on the internet. None of our friends had been to Amsterdam, so no one could give us a good recommendation. But once we got there, we were very pleased! We actually arrived in Amsterdam a few hours before check-in. The hotel gladly took our bags so we could explore the city until our room was ready. (We didn't have to carry our bags far, since the Centraal train station is only a couple blocks away.) The staff was very friendly and accommodating. We could tell our room had recently been updated. Nice, comfy bed and a great shower! We'll definitely consider staying at this hotel again in the future!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>brimarie
<Content>You get what you pay for. . . . I stayed at the Hotel Victoria during a recent trip to Amsterdam. I think the best way to sum up the trip is to say that there is a reason that this hotel is 50 to 100 Euro less per night than other hotels in the area. The staff was friendly, as everyone has said. Also, it is in a very good location.However, the hotel itself is completely run-down. The carpet in the halls had cigarette burns and stains. The room itself didn't look like it had been refurbished in at least 20 years. Also, the cleanliness of my room was a bit of an issue. (I went to run a bath my first day there and there was dirt and hair floating around in the tub!) At least the construction they decided to do at 8:00 AM on the room next door showed that they have a commitment to renovating the place.I was also irked by the fact that I had to pay 12.50 to use their outdated gym facilities. (I wouldn't have minded paying if the machines had been more modern or if they had charged less for what they provided.)Overall, I guess it was decent value, but I highly doubt I would stay there again or recommend it to anyone else.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	2	3	2	

<Author>Olofvilla
<Content>Great Location  As said in many reviews the Victoria Park Plaza is in a great location a stroll across from Amsterdam Centraal Station.Only takes 15 minutes and 3,60 euro's from Airport, taxi will cost about 45 euro's single trip.Hotel has a good lounge bar open until 1-00am and vic's cafe bar does a good breakfast, really friendly and attentive staff, from check in desk to those at barWe had a room in the garden wing ( the newer part of the hotel) it was spacious, good power shower.Aircon was very powerful and soon chilled down the room after a very warm dayIn a city where rooms can be expensive at good hotels, 190 euro's for two sharing was good value.Only minor point -smell of someone that had been smoking in the room.Overall - great location, good service,would stay again  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>vicvic
<Content>Good Location I thought the staff in this hotel were so polite and helpful- they really made our stay enjoyable.Our room was in the garden wing- it was ok but yes there was a bit of a funny smell in the corridor- a bit like an old peoples home!The bed was really comfortable but i thought it was bad that there was no complimentary water in the room- a bit unfortunate when you have a massive hangover.The shower was great- a real powerful shower and overall the room was good. We didnt bhave breakfast because we never got up before 11am!Overall we enjoyed our stay- very good location- easy walking dstance for most things. Just a shame Amsterdam is so seedy!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Davegol
<Content>Great hotel. would go again in the future We booked this hotel on line, without knowing Amsterdam, and were relieved to find it in such a good location.The hotel is classy, the staff very helpful, the rooms are very nice and clean and spacious.It even has a pool, though we hadn't had the chance to go in...Since it is located near the central bus and train (tram) station, the rooms aren't 100% quiet, but this is hardly noticeable.The breakfast wasn't included and since it cost 15 euro a person, we gave it up and ate out .I would definitely go there again if I ever get to Amsterdam again.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>fibee
<Content>Will definitely return We had an excellent trip to the Victoria Plaza in May. Having previously stayed in the GResham Memphis down by the Museums (which was absolutely fine) we decided to try somewhere nearer the station this time - and we couldn't have picked anywhere closer. The proximity to the station meant that we had a very quick and hassle free journey from the airport. The hotel's public areas are lovely and the staff extremely helpful which is extremely welcoming after the hustle and bustle of the street outside. Our room (134)looked lovely and had the biggest, comfiest bed ever but it was very very warm and dark - felt a bit like we were down by the boiler room! We probably should have asked for a move , but didn't really want any hassle . We just kept the air conditioning on all night !The pool is tiny but was very welcome after a hard day pounding the streets and the bar was lovely for a couple of drinks when you get back at nightWe didn't have breakfast at the hotel , but there are plenty of places nearby which are fine. We did have a lovely breakfast at a Grand Cafe at the station (on the platform next to Burger King ) apparently it used to be the first class passenger waiting room. Well worth the walk across the road! If you stay at the Victoria you should also take advantage of being so near the station - take a trip out of town. We went to Haarlem and had a really lovely day wandering round the town.We'll definately consider staying here next time we pop over to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>skenn7gh
<Content>Above and Beyond! What a great hotel. The location is right in the middle of the action, close enough to Centraal that you do not have to drag your bags far. The staff is polite and goes above and beyond. We mistakenly left some things in the room safe, and the hotel mailed them back to the states for us free of charge. Would stay there again anytime.  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>AuroraNorway
<Content>Old-fashioned hotel       Lovely surroundings  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	3	5	3	4	

<Author>gingercatwoman
<Content>Great hotel - would stay here again Stayed at this hotel for one night (11th May 2007). Was with a group of 7 but all booked separately. We were delighted with everything. Travelled with P  O Ferries to Rotterdam and then got coach transfer into Amsterdam. Very convenient as coach stop was just opposite hotel. Also location very clos ot sights - canal boats, red light area, dam square, and lots of bars and restaurants close by. The staff at the hotel were exeptionally good. Very pleasant and very friendly. Our room was lovely - nice and clean, non-smoking and the decor was pleasant. We also had a good view over the city. Free use of pool at hotel. In the evening one of the staff recommended some restaurants for us. We took up their suggestion of an argentinian steakhouse called Toro Dorada (I think!) - I was a bit dubious, but have to say that it was excellent. Had the best steak ever and we also received a free bottle of wine. Had a great night. All in all I think this hotel was good value as although expensive, prices were similar to London city centy hotels I have stayed in before, but the standard was far, far superior. I would recommend this hotel and would stay there again.  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gmbuylow
<Content>Just like College and then some ! We booked the Park Plaza through Trip's Hotel.com without any upfront cost or credit card charge . Its an 8 hr trip from Philadelphia and if you can, I suggest 1st class. Once you arrive at Schiphol airport its a 15 minute $ 3 Euro per person train ride to Amsterdam central station . Once there in the station , find the bank and change some American cash for Euros . Its about $ 300 to get $ 200 Euros after all fees . Whenever possible , use a visa or Amex credit card because they do a fair exchange once you get back home and save your cash for cash only places . There is no tipping because in Amsterdam its included in the total prices . You will not see it on your bill , its built into the actual prices , but you know if someone deserves $$ for insuring prompt service then so be it ! Walk out of the train station and look across the street and you immediately see the hotel on the other side of a small picturesque canal . There , we met Angelica who has worked there for 20 years . She was a pleasure and even reduced our on line prices to a red hot deal. The hotel staff was like family and couldn't wait to assist any requests or questions . Once settled in our beautiful air conditioned room ( very very rare in Amsterdam ) , we hit the streets . Here are a few tips for all of you . The red light district is just 5 minutes away , and yes there are children with their parents gazing at the girls who are scantily clad but friendly and decent . Shopping is everywhere and the restaurant owners beg you to come in and join them for a meal . Reasonable Pizza / Fries /pancakes / sandwiches are available everywhere and If you wish to spend about $ 15 Euros per person Indonesian , Chinese, Dutch, you can experience larger home type meals . Soda Beer Tea and coffee are everywhere and about $ 2 - 3 Euros . Watch out for bikes , they have the right of way and are all around you by the thousands . Also, watch out for the trams which seem to pass within inches of you . Go for a canal ride , its very picturesque! They did have the world famous pot shops ( cafes ) on every other block but they are very quiet and laid back without the fanfare of begging you to participate. The museums ( Van Gogh- Rembrandt - Anne Frank ) are about a 15 minute brisk walk and you must visit the Heinikin factory where for $ 11 euros you experience virtual rides and 3 cold beers plus a full factory tour . We also took the combined Windmill / Cheese factory / wooden shoe factory tour into the country town of Edam for $ 30 Euros each . That may have been the highlite even though everything was extremely interesting . Should you have more time , a short and inexpensive train ride from Central station puts you in Belgium , France , Germany , Switzerland , etc .This entire trip was Queen's day through the 4th and what we saw and learned , will become memories forever ! Make sure you go !  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ADAMAPRIL2007
<Content>OK Stay We stayed here for a week at the end of April and found it to be satisfactory. The location was great, the staff was nice, but did not follow up on simple requests like asking for a blow dryer when the one in our room was broken. We asked for a larger room as the first one was rediculously small. I don't think the maid cleaned our room once when we were there, just the minimum of clean towels and making the bed. The concierge told us we were lucky to have a room where the air conditioner worked as it was unseasonably warm.  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>irfr
<Content>Central location The hotel is easily found in front of the train station which at the time we were staying was undergoing renovations. Hotel was busy and our room was nice but for a double room was VERY small. Bathroom was clean but nothing much to write home about! The food in the restaurant was ok but nothing spectacular and was frankly a bit overpriced for what it was. The concierge was quite helpful in helping us find restaurants and our way around the city. Location excellent and quiet but room a bit on the small side.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Torchy
<Content>Great Location Just back from a 4 day stay in Amsterdam. The other reviews of this hotel are in the main very fair. The staff at the hotel are very friendly and helpful, nothing was too much trouble. Our room was a good size and was well furnished, clean towels every day. We would certainly stay here again if visiting Amsterdam. This was our first time in the City which we thought was loveley with so much to see and all within reasonable walking disatnace, fortunately the weather was great. The public transport puts ours to shame, the trains were very easy to use and so cheap and very clean. The trip form the airport took 15 mins and cost 拢6 return all ver convenient. We were at our hotel within 45 mins of landing at Schipol  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FatFroggy
<Content>Satisfied customers We have just returned from an Easter break in Amsterdam staying at the Victoria Hotel. The hotel is very centrally located, just opposite Central Station, right on a canal bus stop (hop on and off tours) and minutes walk from Dam Square.Hotel staff were very helpful and friendly and couldn't do enough for us. We enjoyed some lovely cocktails in the lobby bar but unfortunately didn't get a chance to have dinner in the hotel - the menu and restaurant looked very good.Our room was spotless with clean towels every day and a very functional bathroom, but no bath. The room was a little small with no view (we overlooked a fire escape) but this was fine for a city break as we spent very little time in the room.I would have no reservations about recommending this hotel for a city break but would not consider it luxurious if you intend to treat yourself.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Everden99
<Content>Excellent Hotel - Central to Everything We spent Easter 2007 at this hotel and had a great time.The hotel staff are all very helpful and honest. The concierge made the holiday by recommending places to eat and trips to go on and then booking them for you. The room was clean although could probably do with a bit of modernisation but clean towels provided everyday.We didn't have time to use the pool or have an evening meal in the restaurant although I can recommend breakfast - the choice was vast.The hotel is central to just about everything and we wouldn't hesitate to go back if we decide to visit Amsterdam in the future.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Helen52
<Content>Excellent hotel We, a party of 6 women average age a young 50!, have just returned from a 4 day visit to Amsterdam. This hotel was very well situated, the staff were so friendly and helpful and we would really have no hesitation in recommending it for a stay in this city. Rooms were really nice and very clean. We were all very impressed with the Dutch people, as they are so friendly and nice. Nothing was a bother to the staff and they went out of their way to suggest restaurants, book taxis etc - all with a cheery smile. So nice to get service with a smile for a change.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>flyingdutchmannl
<Content>Good value The Victoria hotel is our companies standard to book hotel in Amsterdam. I have had many collegues of me staying there. They were all satisfied. recently I stayed here myself. I had a superior room, which was very spacious. All ingredients for a comfortable stay were available in the room. The room looks are a bit outdated but still fine.Service in the hotel is ok. It seems that they are a bit understaffed. Often there are lines at chck in and rooms are late in the afternoon availble.They have a small swimming pool which you can use free of charge. Forthe large fitness room you need to pay extra. Breakfast is good. Restaurant De Brasserie is ok, but also is understaffed. Better choices for restaurants in the neighbourhood. In general hotel is a good choice for Amsterdam. The price/value combination is about the best what I have experienced in Amsterdam so far.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>Tyrone Supporter
<Content>Very nice hotel Have just returned from a very pleasant stay in this hotel. This was our first visit to Amsterdam and we were very impressed. The hotel is located opposite Central Station and couldn't have been handier!! Our room was quite large and very clean. All the public areas in the hotel were lovely and very clean also. We also found the staff to be very friendly. Would definitely return to this hotel and would recommend it to anyone. We didn't eat in the hotel so cannot comment on the food.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>MrCBedfordshire
<Content>It's OK We booked this hotel for a 3 night break, using their own website (selecting 2 adults, 1 child). The system offered a room with 2 twin beds. Having stayed at the Crowne Plaza Amsterdam, where there are rooms with 2 double beds in, we thought nothing more about it.When we checked in, we were allocated a small room in the original building, with 2 single beds and a pokey shower room/toilet. After a conversation with reception, in which an upgrade at a special price was offered and declined, we were moved to the Garden Wing, where we had a large room with bath and enough space for a king bed plus rollaway bed for our daughter.The only other negatives are that the hotel never seem to have rooms ready for check in time, necessitating a wait in the lobby. Also, the hotel always adds its expensive breakfast price on to the bill, even when you select a room only stay. Its easy enough to get it knocked off the bill on check out, but I don't get why it is put on in the first place. Other than that, we had no other problems with the place. All the staff we had contact with were friendly. The room was OK, with air-con, safe and adequate supplies of towels and toiletries etc. Would stay here again if the price was right.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>mehmetartun
<Content>Rip-Off Tourist Hotel We stayed there 2 nights with kids. It was booked through our friends directly with the hotel as a group booking as we were in Amsterdam for an event. The room has OK size. No reading lights at bed. For a room where you pay 195 euros you'd expect a bottle of water complimentary. They were trying to charge EUR 6.90 for a 0.75l water. The gym costs EUR 12. I haven't had to pay for gym in any hotel in my life. The concierge is trying to sell you as many tickets as they can for attractions around as they get kickbacks from those companies. Overall, too commercially minded hotel. They had a few internet terminals but also you'd have to buy a voucher etc. They need to change this type of mentality in this day and age.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	2	2	1	

<Author>cacalata
<Content>Victoria Hotel sucks! The bath-sink was clogged; bathtub was dirty, the room was also dirty and a couple of light bulbs needed to be replaced. I complained as soon as I checked in and again in the afternoon, ended talking to the manager. Someone came to fix everything at 9:30 PM (when I was in the room). I finally moved to another hotel next day, I was sick and tired of that incompetent staff. This hotel certainly does not know how to run a business.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>strangely-brown
<Content>ok, but not 4 star Nice enough hotel but distinctly lacking in one or two aspects that I expect from a 4 star hotel. We stayed at the Victoria Hotel for 4 nights. The bedsheets were not changed in that time, and our friends in another part of the hotel said the same. The rooms were not vacuumed either. There were a couple of swatted flies still stuck to the walls in the rooms, the room we got was not the one we had asked for (and had had confirmed!). We got a really tiny room - you couldn't open the wardrobe door while someone else went in or out of the bathroom. Sorry - shower room.  Our friends tried to switch on the radio, only to discover all the wires pulled out at the back. She also had to phone reception 3 times in order to get an extra pillow.There are positives about this hotel - the lobby and bars are very clean and bright, the staff friendly enough and the food is fine. But to advertise itself as a 4 star hotel with bugs squashed to the walls is a bit of a joke. Friendly, but grubby.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>Patrick64
<Content>Great location/ great hotel Great location near the Central station only 15mins from airport by train.Easy walking distance to all main areas and attractions.Room very clean and quiet-we were in the garden annexeBar staff great.would stay again  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>vitonas
<Content>Great Location - Great Hotel Great location, just opposite Railway Station, nice rooms, freindly staff and always my choice when I am in Amsterdam.I will be there again on end of February  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>bloebje
<Content>deserves every star it has Thank you and your sister for the fantastic room that we received during our stay at Park Plaza Victoria Amsterdam. In short: very comfortable, beautifully decorated, all needs were foreseen, spacious, clean, fresh fruit on the table, a large bed that a person could get lost in, a beautiful bathroom with all necessary bathroom amenities and last but not least a stunning view onto Central Station where I could enjoy all the hustle and bustle either entering or leaving the city.Not to mention the breathtaking entourage. A beautiful entrance hall, nice bar, modern and yet cozy restaurant, tasty meals and very friendly and fine staff. The second day we received lunch in a separate, private dining space next to the restaurant. This had something special about it. Did you have something to do with that? I gave the restaurant manager my compliments and he told me to spread the word and to mention his name. As promised I am spreading the word but unfortunately I have forgotten his name. In conclusion, they were two pleasant days in Amsterdam partially due to my stay in a beautiful hotel that deserves each and every star it has.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vanillamax
<Content>Great Base Great location right opposite the main train station and tram stations. Can get a little noisy at times but if you want a clean and comfy base this is the hotel for you.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	4	5	3	3	

<Author>roisin85
<Content>Fabulous hotel! The Victoria Hotel made our stay in Amsterdam. Our room was a perfect size and spotlessly clean. Also, the cleaners didn't clean the room until after lunchtime which is perfect if you want a relaxing holiday like we did where you don't have to get up to early. Although we didn't eat in the hotel restaurant, the bar just off the lobby was absolutely gorgeous and perfect for a few quiet drinks. Location of the Victoria Hotel is ideal if only on a short break as we were as it is in walking distance of everything. All round great stay and would definitely recommend.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>jools67
<Content>A welcome return This was the fourth time I have stayed here over a number of years. I wanted to add my review to the list as I really like staying at this hotel and look forward to returning each time. This time pleasant surprise, the reception bar and dining room had been refurbed, although I did prefer the atmosphere of the older Vic's Bar but that was closed for the 7 nights I was there which was a shame.The staff were as wonderful as ever, not wanting to single any out but the bar staff are especially friendly, as are the porters and concierges. A more helpful bunch of guys you couldnt wish for., from booking restaurants to suggesting ways to fill the day (or night). Now they have refurbed the public rooms I hope they start on the bedrooms but they are still quite acceptable.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Baxie
<Content>Great Location The one big plus with this hotel is the location - in the heart of the city walking distance from the station.The one big down side (for us) was the smoker friendly status of the hotel. Being a non smoker we were disapointed we could not get a smoke free room. We did get a good size room though and apart from that the hotel was fine.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>trambo
<Content>Great plus points but no niceties Superbly located, the Victoria could not be in a better position for those arriving in Amsterdam by train and for getting around by public transport. The public rooms are stylish and comfortable and the staff exceptionally friendly. Accommodation is a little of a let down. Our room was rather small and the bathroom dated. Bedding was plain although adequate but the towles were small and of poor quality and very rough. No robes are provided. A trouser press is available as is a kettle with instant coffee (really disgusting) and tea. Overall The Victoria is a hotel of contrasts. The location, public rooms and staff are all excellent but are let down by room standards which struggle to make their 4 star rating.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>thedancer
<Content>Beautiful hotel very clean staff were excellent central to everything Stayed there from the 1st to 5th January was a bit concerned with some of the reviews given. For me and my wife this hotel was excellent arrived at 10am and by 12 they had a room for us, even though check in is 2pm. we stayed on the 3rd floor and the outside noise was nil considering you were facing the streets. I would recommend this hotel as a place to stay and would have no problem in going back there again. When you are going for something to eat ie steakhouse ask porter for advice you may get vouchers for a complimentry drink with your meal. Breakfast was included in our price and they put on a lovely buffet and they catered for every nationality so no problems with the breakfast which kept you going for the day. Highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>woops
<Content>Would use this hotel again Just back from a 3 night break in Amsterdam. The Victoria Hotel is in an excellent location right in the centre.When we arrived at 2.30 our room wasn't ready but they did offer us a free drink from the bar and told us to return in an hour. We didn't take the up on the offer instead went out and got some lunch.I had been told by my sister to watch out as the hotel is known to try and over charge and low and behold when we returned to check in they were overcharging us by 30 euro for each night the receptionist made a call and sorted it out.Wasn't very impressed with the room, we booked a superior room and requested a canal view. The room we got was small and looked out on other rooms.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	3	2	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>FlipperGirl
<Content>Satisfied This was my first trip to Amsterdam and my BF's second and he returned to this hotel b/c of the location, service, and overall quality being good. I was a bit apprehensive after seeing the reviews on this site, but I was very happy with our stay here.First things first, the room was very decent sized, especially after two weeks in quainter locations throughout Germany and Austria. The bed was two twins pushed together, but they offered to set it up nicer, but we declined (it was the only room available when we checked in). The closet was large, nice desk space, small table, chairs, bed comfy enough (much more comfortable than those in the German hotels we stayed), TV with cable, decent shower pressure, hair dryer, wet bar, and clean enough tile/grout/counters/carpeting. Our room looked straight out to the Centraal train station and the noise wasn't that bad. We had central heating and air system, which was great to have!I was never really annoyed with anything about our room, which is odd b/c i usually find something to nitpick at a hotel.We found the hotel staff to be one of the BEST features of the hotel. From the front desk, to the concierge, to even employees in the hall -- they must make it a point to treat guests as -- well -- guests. The concierge and bellmen desk guys were so nice and helpful, super friendly, and always greeted us when we came in. I was honestly impressed with the service here, which adds to my overall impression of the hotel itself. We tried to eat at the restaurant one night, but i'm not fond of red meats and fishes (other than warm water hawaiian fish, yes i'm a snob). We did order room service one night, looking for some junk food, and it was fine. The prices seemed typical in Euros for a 3-4 star hotel chain (i.e. a bit overpriced b/c of hotel overhead like in the States). There are two nice bars, one in the lobby, and one as part of the restaurant, to hang out. We ate one night at the nearby Sea Palace, a floating Chinese restaurant. We have tons of great (and BAD) Chinese restaurants here and found this place to be very good, but VERY overpriced, however, excellent ambience and service.The location couldn't be more perfect for exploring Amsterdam. You are right at the Damrak and across the street from the Centraal train station, Dam square is close, and many other sites in this easy to explore and walk around city. There are many places to eat, shop, and be a tourist very close by (Sex Museum, red light district, etc.). We never tried the public transport, b/c walking was easy and fun, but it was very crowded with people from all walks of life...a very cosmopolitan city.I would stay here again if traveling to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>style85
<Content>xmas break in Amsterdam Just come back from an Excellent Xmas Holiday break in Amsterdam with DFDS and Victoria Hotel.Sea crossing was good we had the calm bit...The Hotel was excellent, room perfect. Had a nice swim in the leisure pool. Staff excellent full marks to them all working on Xmas day. Breakfast was all included for us and was truly wonderful wish we had it at home.We were pleased that the trams and water bus ran on Xmas day and Boxing day. Big shops closed but plenty of independents open. Lots of places to eat a Xmas meal ( non traditional).We would recommend Los Latinos Damrak 32 if you like qulity steaks and peppper sauces. Lots of cafe open both days. The De Rozenboom rozenboomsteeg 6 serves very nice soup and coffee.Take your skates and have a spin round the ice pool by the van Gogh museum.Cant wait to go again  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Wasteswan
<Content>Our Weekend in Amsterdam November 3rd 2006 Victoria Hotel, 1-5 Damrak, Amsterdam.Excellant location, clean room though a little on the small side. Did'nt eat at the hotel as there were numerous resturants in the area. Did leave credit card details with reception just in case! Would not recommend this as a charge has been applied to my card when no services were used, on telephoning the finance dept at hotel on my return they said it was most probably for breakfast, I explained that neither my husband or I had anything they promised to look into the matter and ring back, I am still waiting for a return call! I would use the hotel again if I ever return to Amsterdam (without giving credit card details). Amsterdam is a strange mixture of seedy and cultural, as long as you are aware of the area's to see or not, it's not a problem and the public transport is superb we enjoyed our weekend (it was a surprise birthday/anniversary present for my husband, we had a laugh)  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Doodsis
<Content>Lovely Hotel Just come back from Amsterdam and had a Brilliant time.We stayed at the hotel 3 nights and i thought it was lovely..... not that we saw much of it as we were out all day and all night.I would reccomend for sure!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Jennybee
<Content>Perfect Location ! We spent 4 nights in the Victoria Hotel - Amsterdam in October.Ideal location. When we arrived at the train station from Schipol Airport the hotel was directly across the road - could'nt be any nearer! All main attractions are within walking distance.Hotel was lovely. Nice Bar and restaurant and not overly priced. Rooms were comfortable, quite large in size with all the modern amenities. Interior was a little old fashioned and could do with a makeover but room was cleaned every day with fresh linen etc. If I had to pick out some negatives points on the hotel- the rooms were very warm especially at night-their heating system was operating throughout the night and we had to put on the air conditioning one night as it was so stuffy. Beds were very soft for those who have back problems! Prices in the hotel were similar to any european city. Staff were friendly and very co-operative. A definite thumbs up in my opinion.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>BSGB
<Content>A bit disappointing We stayed two nights at this hotel. The room was satisfactory but a bit disappointing (small bathroom). The additional expenses for this hotel are high and should be advertised in advance. For example, wiFi access is avaialable but we were quoted 22 euro for 24 hours! The pictures for the pool shown on the internet are better than reality. The location is central especially if you want to be close to the train station. Most of the staff try hard to please. This hotel is quite OK but I would consider looking for something else next time, mainly due to the extra charges.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	2	3	2	

<Author>Copperlady
<Content>Fantastic without a doubt I have stayed in Amsterdam before and could not get accomodation at the last hotel I stayed in, so after alot of looking for suitable hotels for locations and price and viewing the reviews on this website I booked the Victoria Hotel.I had a fantastic time at this hotel, the staff were very friendly, it is a very clean, and warm hotel.The food is great and it is well located.So over all it was a great experience and I am already looking at pricing to go back there again next year.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>williamtwo
<Content>Awesome location for first timers         
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>konatraveller
<Content>Very nice place We have just returned from a 4 night anniversary trip to the Victoria hotel Amsterdam. There is no scaffolding or any other evidence of re-decorating. We were greeted by the very friendly staff and found our way through the swish hotel to our room. Everywhere was clean and sparkling and very modern looking. The room was nice and spacious (268) , chairs and tables, desk, wardrobe and well stocked mini bar. The bed was very comfortable and even had duvets with lovely soft covers rather than blankets and sheets! Easily pleased!! The window looked out onto a small back street which did become a little noisy when people started to roll home around 2-3a.m or in the morning when the road sweepers came but it was fine with the window shut, and I did notice that we had air con although we didn't use it. The bathroom was fine, clean and well equipped and the shower nearly knocked us out it was so powerful !  We ate in the restaurant on one night when we were to tired to walk any further. The surroundings were lovely, with some great modern art on the walls and the staff were very polite and attentive. We had a 3 course meal each which was great and very reasonable at around 70 euros with drinks. We didn't have breakfast at the hotel which was expensive at 20 euros, instead we just tried a different cafe each morning around the local area. The cafes towards Haarlem st were better than the ones on Damrak.  Having read the previous reviews of this hotel I would say that now all the decorations have been completed this hotel is up to its 4 star status.It was clean and modern with very helpful,proffessional staff. The location is great too, near the station and other landmarks and if you get lost around Amsterdam at least you only have to follow the signs back to Central station!!  Used hotel.nl to book this hotel with a great discount rate.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Barbara_Andy
<Content>A safe haven at Victoria Hotel       Typical street  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Anothermember
<Content>Excellent location I booked this hotel via an online hotel website (unfortunately forget which one) and got an excellent deal. Location is superb if you want to break up a long journey with a stop over in Amsterdam. Central and literally across the road from the train station. The room service food quality was quite bad though but service itself was prompt and friendly. Reception staff very helpful and really do bend over backwards for clients. All in all had a lovely stay at this hotel. Would definately recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>silverghost99
<Content>Expensive After reading mixed reviews I decided to stay here anyway. Partly because of the location, and partly because of the leisure facilities. I booked my room direct with the hotel and did pay and extortionate 390 euros per night. This was for an executive suite. MY first impression was the very friendly hotel staff. I walked in my room and was pleasantly suprised by the very large and well appointed room. I was quite happy.The following moring I decided to take half an hour in the sauna. Shocked to find a 9 euro charge to use it. Not only that 11euros an hour for the gym.After returning to my room after the first day i found the housekeeping very poor. The bed looked like it had be straightened as opposed to made. Bathroom had not at all been cleaned. and there was a glass that i had used still on the worktop. This stayed there for the whole 3 days.The second day the bed was infact changed (had spilt juice on the pillow) altho the cover was left in a heap on the sofa.Also lots of earyl moring noise for building work outside.Great location for centre of amsterdam.Excellent reception stafff.Poor house keeping.Good breakfast (20 euros though)  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	5	4	4	

<Author>rosie-gra
<Content>No complaints We stayed from 22 to 25 September - two adults and one child for 拢327 prepaid. Did not have breakfast owing to the price but there are lots of places to eat. The room was very nice and the staff were very friendly. In all we had a very enjoyable stay and would return. My husband left his door keys in the room and the hotel forwarded them registered post. The location is great for trains and canal boats.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>smjak02
<Content>good for the price Stayed for the nights for a total of 300e prepaid, good value at this price.Location easy. Receptionist polite although under great pressure as hotel was full. Didnt eat in hotel. Room in wing needed sprucing up but other wise fine. Quiet for Amsterdam. Some of the common areas in the wing need sprucing up too.Pool not a common facility in Amsterdam.Stayed here before and will again but depends on price here and elsewhere.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>3	5	2	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>L66
<Content>Fantastic Have just returned from a 2 night stay at this hotel - 9 girls celebrating a 40th birthday - and I have to say the hotel was fantasitc. We all agree that the staff were out of this world - helpful, polite, friendly and extremely accomodating, giving hints and tips of where to go to sightsee and eat etc. Its location is second to non - right opposite the station and Amsterdam with its may attractions on your doorstep. The rooms were clean and comfortable and all ready - even for one of our party who arrived early from Seattle and needed a little sleep/relax before starting our celebrations. Would recommend it to anyone and would defiitely return without a doubt.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SMITHJW
<Content>Avoid - rip off What a rip offStayed here during the IBC as one of only a few places left in town and didnt they know it!Rack rate euro 315 charged euro 390+tax because we can!Food awfulService awfulRoom whilst on 7th floor of garden wing still noisy, dirty, small double bed - glad not two of us. Grubby bathroom, overpriced minibar.Beware mosquitos from the canal out front!Really bad experience - stayed in many better 2* places than thisFront of house looks ok but behind the scenes is disguistingDO NOT STAY HERE - many better places  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	1	1	

<Author>StHR
<Content>3 star hotel at 4 star prices I am working short-term in Amsterdam and my company booked the Victoria for my latest visit. Prices were high (200+ euros). The location is a mixed blessing. It is very close to the main station so getting trams/trains is very easy, but it is not a pretty area.The reception looked elegant and the staff were polite. The first thing I noticed about my room was the smell. The window had been left open presumably to reduce the impact of the mouldy aroma. The furnishings were drab and the lighting was dim. I was disappointed to find that the gym was not included in the price. The tv was primed for pay channels (films and porn) and it took an age to work out how to find normal programmes. The bathroom stank of mould and there was no ventilation so mirrors steamed-up as soon as the hot tap was turned on. I skipped breakfast - even though my company pays I think 20 euros is a ridiculous price.This was my third Amsterdam hotel and I would rate it well below the other two (Radisson SAS and Sofitel). I would rate it 3 star at best.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	4	3	3	

<Author>yoyo_n
<Content>Beautiful hotel, helpful staff  We had a brilliant stay at the Victoria hotel. I was 6 months pregnant at the time and the staff did everything to help me if I needed anything. It is very convenient if you come in by train from the Airport as it is only 5 min walk from the main station and very close to the centre of Amsterdam. We got upgraded to a beutiful suite by the lovely staff and we only paid 130EUR per night. Bath  shower, sofa, worktable, two TV's  the biggest bed I have ever seen. Make sure you ask for a room at the back though as it might get a bit noicy out the front with the traffic. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Marese
<Content>Perfect Location Just returned from staying at the Victoria for 3 nights! first thing to say, is - perfect location! Most people travel from the airport by train to central station. As soon as you walk out of the station you can see your hotel. Arrived very early - 9am, so our room wasn't ready. First impression is the lobby and bar, which are really nice. We took a walk around, and returned at 12 on the off-chance that our room might be ready, and it was! Booked a queen room, bed was massive, but the room was quite small.. Very little wardrobe space, and no view at all (brick wall!), bathroom was also tiny. However, was very clean, and housekeeping were fine, room was always made up when we returned each evening. As four star hotels go, it is definitely not, purely because of the size of the room, and everything was quite basic.. Didn't have breakfast at all, far too pricey compared to what you can pay in cafes right beside you. I would stay here again, but not at the price we paid 550 euro for two of us, far too expensive for what is really a 3 star hotel!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>petrol1967
<Content>Great Location nice Hotel Arrived 26th Aug (UK Bank holiday weekend) for 2 nights. Hotel appeared to be busy. Arrived at reception at 10am, well before check in. We have stayed there before and the receptionist noticed this and said welcome back which was a nice touch, she asked us if we wanted to stay in the same room as we had before so we did. Had a walk around and returned to see if the room was ready at 1pm, which it was.Nice large room with great power shower. I have no problems with the hotel for the times I ve stayed there.Will be staying again, in the near future.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>VKDiver
<Content>Excellent location, shame about housekeeping! On arrival from the train station we could see the hotel, it has an excellent location. First impression was good and the lobby was modern and clean. On check in the room was ready, which we thought was great as it was just after 12 noon. Got to the room and it was a smoking room and twin, when I had asked for a non smoking room and queen bed. We were given a new room, which was nice, modern and the bed was massive!! We stayed for 3 nights and house keeping were poor, we got back to our room and the bins had not been emptied, the sides were not wiped down and the sheets not clean. We complained and someone came straight away. The swimming pool is small, we didnt have breakfast though they charged us for it!The bar was excellent, the staff were lovely and the prices were ok. It was a pleasant stay though we will not be staying there again.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	5	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>sal.gram
<Content>Good stay We were only staying one night in Amsterdam and had not previously pre booked. The reception staff were friendly and helpful and we were allocated a 3 bed room for myself husband and teenage daughter at a reasonable rate. The room was large and very comfortable- the beds particulary. The shower was powerful and the bathroom was very clean. The only problems we had were ventilation in the bathroom( but steamy) and the safe was broken. There was a smell of smoke in the corridor but not in the room- the hotel will fine anyone who smokes in a non- smoking room . My daughter is fussy - typical teenager and she was very happy. It was nice and close to everything and we found somewhere to go for breakfast easily in the morning.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>shoebedo
<Content>great location i was impressed with the location, just across the road from the station, the lobby was very nice and our room was pleasent, we enjoyed the swimming pool although was unable to get booked in for a massage.the only downsides were the bed was very saggy and we kept roling into each other , we did complain and get moved to a exuactive room on our last night but it stank of smoke! also the breakfast is very expensive, go outside the hotel insteadoverall i enjoyed my stay but may try somewhere differnet next time  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>walana
<Content>Great hotel This was a great hotel with a superb location, beautiful interior and great facilities, even if they are a little pricey. The service was consistent and professional and the rooms were lovely. Nice big bath and great room servicehousekeeping services also. Overpriced breakfast (20euro) so skip it and eat elsewhere, lots of restaurants and cafes nearby. One of the best I've been to recently.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>SYD-YYZ
<Content>Worst 4 star hotel ever!!!! We've booked this hotel through Priceline for $120USD/night. It was the worst 4 star hotel we've ever stayed at and won through Priceline. We asked for a newly refurbished room and were initially given a non-smoking room facing the station but the room smelled strongly of cigarette smoke. The furniture and decor also do not match a refurbished room. We asked for a room change and were then given a second re-furbished room in the Garden Wing which was as shabby as the first but smaller but at least with no cigarette smell. We had an afternoon nap and when we woke up at 6pm, most of the lights did not work and the TV stop working as well. We rang the front desk and they said they will send someone up to fix it. We told them we will be going out to dinner but the repairman is free to come in.When we returned from dinner at 10pm, the lights and TV were not fixed. We rang the front desk again and they did not apologise that no one came earlier and again said they will send someone to fix the problem. An hour later there was still no repairman and when we rang the front desk, the receptionist was annoyed and came up to have a look himself. In the end, it was just a blown fuse in their electricity box and it took less than 2 min to fix but customer service is definitely lacking. The only saving grace for this hotel is its location which is directly across the road from Centraal Station.The lobby is completely refurbished and looks smart but the rooms are by no means smart! They are supposed to be refurbished but really that refurbishment must have been 10 years ago!!!We have stayed in many 4 star hotels in the world - some of which are through Priceline - and this is definitely the worst hotel of the lot. It is at best a 3 star standard, even with their so-called refurbishment!I will not stayed in this hotel again and will not bid a 4 star hotel in Amsterdam through Priceline unless they downgrade the rating system of this hotel to a 3 star.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	1	-1	-1	

<Author>chk6499
<Content>Good stay I won this hotel through Priceline for 134USD plus tax a night. The hotel just changed hands and has been completely renovated so the old reviews do not apply. I though the hotel itself was very nice. I asked for a bedroom facing the train station and they upgraded me to a executive room for free. It was very big and had US and European outlets. The train station is right in front of the hotel, which is nice. However at night the area around the train station is a bit shady. I didn't really feel unsafe but it wasn't that great. Next time I might go to the museum district but for the price this hotel was great. I would go back to this hotel if it were less than 200USD. Overall good stay! .  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>pemtca
<Content>Above average I won this hotel on priceline for just under 鈧?00 a night including taxes etc., and was quite worried after reading some of the reviews on this site. However, I was very pleased with the hotel. The staff were exceptionally friendly, our room on the first floor (smoking floor) wasn't huge, but was very comfortable, and looked to have been fairly recently decorated. The bathroom was a good size, and water pressure in the shower was excellent. Breakfast was a little expensive at 鈧?0 per person, but there are plenty of places nearby for a good breakfast, and a cup of coffee at the bar was outrageously expensive at over 鈧?, however the food available at the bar was very good valueGood points: Location; clean, bright room; airconditioning; friendly  helpful staffBad points: Expensive breakfast  coffee at the bar  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>mabilu
<Content>would stay here again we arrived at the hotel and the lobby has now been finished and it looks fab. The rooms was quite small but then again when you go to amsterdam you don't spend much time in your room anyway! the bathroom was also small but the shower was fab and the place was clean.the only thing i could say that needed doing was a handle had come off one of the draws so you couldn't use it and as storage space was limited that didn't really help. I would stay at this hotel again but only if i could get it for the same rate we paid (120 euro) the hotel prices start at 300 euro and i would not pay that - it isn't worth it. but for a nice hotel and fab location i would stay there again  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>RainyfromManage
<Content>Definitely not again! My sister and I booked two rooms at the Victoria hotel. Our rate was 110 Euro which was a bargain, however...you get what you pay for. The hotel like many have already said is under refurbishment. The lobby had ladders, wires, and lots of debris (trash) all over it. The rooms were extremely dirty. The carpeting had stains all over it in the hallways as well as in both the rooms. The bathroom had great water pressure, but again, was disgusting. There was mold all over the walls of the bathroom and the tile needed a very good cleaning. (I was in a room that was redone 2 years ago the front desk told me) The beds werre lumpy and the bedding was again in need of some extra laundering. Even the lampshades of the bedside lamps needed to be replaced! The conceirge was useless that we spoke with and gave us wrong info on two occassions. This is my fourth visit to Amsterdam in 5 months and I would not even think to stay here again nor would I recommend it it anybody. Check out the Pulitzer( a fabulous stay), the Novotel (if you don't mind getting on the tram for 20 minutes).  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	5	1	1	1	3	

<Author>tina01_7
<Content>Nothing Special We stayed at the Victoria hotel for a weekend for a friend's 40th birthday. No doubt the hotel is in an amazing location if visiting for a weekend. The staff were very friendly and the concierge helped with directions and places to go on the first night we arrived. The rooms however were not up to four star standard. I know some reviews mentioned renovations but our rooms did not reflect this - the carpet was worn so too was the furniture - the beds were old and uncomfortable and there was mould in the bathroom. Apart from the mould the room was clean. We did not eat breakfast - there are plenty of places just outside the hotel that serve breakfast till late and 20 euros is pretty steep!We got a deal on Expedia so paid about 拢100 per room per night - for the state of the room it is overpriced even at our discount rate. If I visited again I would stay outside of the centre - the hotels are better value and Amnsterdam is not a big place and most places can be travelled to by foot.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>maria62
<Content>Mmmmm ok Stayed at the Victoria for a long weekend. Our room was overlooking the station and was very noisy. Check in was fine with the staff very polite and helpful. Room was quite small but had everything we needed. The room was clean and tidy but was in need of serious upgrading. The hotel is well placed and just a short distance from most tourist attractions walking,by tram or by canal boat. would I stay in this hotel again... only if I couldn't find any other hotel in the same price range , not that it was bad just not worth the 拢130.00. Not quite 4* maybe more of a 3*(just)Good points:location.nice comfortable bedsnice and cleanBad points:noise level in rooms at the front.small(ish) roomsoverpricedOverall a nice hotel that needs upgrading, if your looking for just somewhere to lay your head after a long days sightseeing with everything on the doorstep the Victoria is for you.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, Big price, Small rooms Location, location, location... When myself and my friend walked out of the centraal station the Victoria hotel was one of the first sights we saw. The location of this hotel is excellent, very central to all the main tourist attractions. Amsterdam is an expensive city depending on where you choose to eat and drink. Around the red light district, beside the hotel and at Dam square you can expect to pay over the top prices for your drink and (often) bad food. If you turn left when exiting the hotel you can expect to find a prettier, quieter, more picturesque side of Amsterdam with nicer cafes, bars and restaurants offering more reasonable prices for better food and drink. The hotel ifself is nice, typically 4 star from its exterior and interior. The 2 bars are pleasant and the lobby and reception live up to its rating. The bedrooms are clean but small. Very small for the price we had to pay. The room was at the back of the hotel and the view was of another room 2 metres opposite. The room was very stuffy and we had to have the air conditioning on 24/7, the weather was under 20c for the time of our stay so it wasnt particularly warm outside. So there are pros and cons to staying at the victoria hotel. While the location is superb the rooms are far too small for the price we had to pay and the next time i go to Amsterdam i would be more likely to choose a hotel further away from the red light district and the tourist trap around centraal station. Plus there are many better things to spend your money on in Amsterdam, enjoy!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Victoria is fit for a Queen Great hotel and in an excellent location. The hotel is near completion of its massive refurbishment and the room I was staying in was clean, quiet and contemporary. I advise a room to the back of the hotel as it is very quiet and you could hear a pin drop. The breakfast was a bit on the high side for 20 Euros, however there are plenty of other places within walking distance which offer cheaper alternatives. The great thing about this hotel is it is directly opposite Central station which is a huge plus point if you are passing through with heavy bags or are coming from the Airport. In my opinion the customer service is second to none in this hotel and the staff were very courteous and were always available to help when needed. I would stay there again even although it was a little expensive, but there again Amsterdam is an expensive city to visit at the best of times. The car parking in Amsterdam is expensive, so if you are taking a car expect to pay in the region of 40 Euros for 24hr parking. However, The Vicotria will give its hotel guests a 10% coupon off P1 parking rates directly across from the hotel which saves a little money. Ask at the front desk for the coupon and they will be happy to give you this.On the Whole I'm satisfied with the Victoria hotel more so for the lovely staff that work there and the efforts they make to make sure you have a pleasant stay. One final point, many people complain about the renovation work being done, however this is for the benefit of all future visitors to the hotel, which shows the hotel is investing in the visitors welfare to ensure they have a pleaseant stay. This is one of the reasons I shall return to this hotel if I ever visit Amsterdam again.Hope this review helps.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>holidaygirl01
<Content>Excellent Hotel in a fantastic location We stayed at the Victoria hotel for 3 nights and had a fantastic time. We arrived at the hotel very early and checked in but unfortunately our room was not ready. Not a problem we left our luggage with the concierge. When we returned later the key was ready for us at reception and the concierge provided us with some useful information (maps and leaflets) and delivered the luggage promptly to the room. The staff are all very friendly and helpful.The room was spacious clean and well equipped (kettle, minibar etc), we were in the garden wing, and the room was very light there was no view but the room was very quiet considering how close we were to a busy intersection. The beds were very comfortable.As for breakfast we cannot comment. We thought that 20 euros was expensive and found a very nice bakery on a side street very close to the hotel where we had fresh coffee and croissants for 9 euros.The next time I鈥檓 in Amsterdam I will be booking this hotel. It is in a fantastic location, opposite central station close to Dam square and all the attractions.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, friendly staff I have just returned from spending 4 days at the Victoria Hotel. The hotel is in a great location opposite Central Station. After reading some previous reviews I was somewhat anxious but I couldn't have been more wrong. The only problem that we encountered was that my father who is in a wheel chair accompanied us on our trip. We had booked a disabled room for him and asked for a newly refurbished room for ourselves. On arrival we were met with 6 stairs at the main entrance. Unfortunately there was no disabled lift for my father's wheelchair but the staff at the front desk and concierge said there was no problem and were only too willing to carry the wheelchair up the stairs. When I booked I was told there was access to the hotel for a wheel chair. Apparently a disabled lift is on order but has not arrived yet. They hope to receive this in the coming months. Our rooms were large, newly refurbished and very quiet (to the back of the hotel). The beds were comfortable and the place was spotless. Tried the 20 euro breakfast but would not say this was worth the money. Go along to the 6 euro cafe along the road (as mentioned previously). Hotel does not have parking but the hotel can give you a 10% off parking ticket if you park at the P1 Parking across the road beside the water. 38 euros for 24 hours. One small point, hotel is undergoing renovation in stages. One wing fully completed with a brand new bar on the ground floor. Noise was minimal.In all would stay there again. My rates for my stay were 拢130 per night. (I felt expensive) but it was a good location, clean so can't really grumble. Hope this helps, we are fussy and enjoyed our stay!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Value for money Victoria Great value for money if you book through expedia. The reception staff were very accomodating when we wanted to change our smoking room for a non smoking room. We found a fantastic cafe 5 doors down from the hotel which only charges 6 euros for a full English breakfast which is a lot better than the 20 euros the hotel charges. The only complaint I have is that I think the mattresses are in need of replacing otherwise the hotel lives up to its 4 star rating. It's in a superb location with immediate access to the train station.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location only - Poor value otherwise On arrival at the hotel for our 10 day stay... the staff were very friendly and had booked my Aunt and I into a room with a double bed! This was changed immediately to an apparently refurbished room, although this was not the case. The beds were extremely uncomfortable, our hairdryer did not work and the bathroom was completely empty apart from two small towels. The hotel was very poor value all round for the amount that we paid for the 10 day stay. The worse was to come... lots of unknown charges were put on our bill including breakfasts we did't have. The staff did not know how to split a bill in two and charge 2 cards! We walked away - after 45 minutes feeling very confused and unhappy with no receipts or signitures which they said they could not supply us with! When we returned home and checked our credit cards, they had taken huge sums from our cards. Our cards were frozen and to-date we have sent around 100 emails trying to get our money back. They have refunded some money, all of which are made-up amounts and we are still waiting for more. After staying at the hotel from 31st March this dispute is still on-going. Aprart from all of the above the hotel is in a perfect location. I visit Amsterdam at least 2-3 times a year - we couldn't stay in the hotel we normally stay at because of a convention, but we would never stay in the Victoria again unless it was a stop-over for 1 night and paying cash.  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Queens Day Weekend       View from Room 103  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Couldn't Fault It Just back on 29th April from a girly few days away to celebrate the big 40!!! It is straight across from the train station which saved our feet and even though we arrived early rooms were ready, but instead of 2 twin rooms they were doubles, when we pointed this out we were given new rooms straight away and a free drink voucher for the hotel bar - big mistake as 7 bottles of wine later (after going to cafe cobalt for lunch - lovely) we staggered back to the rooms on the 4th floor, to get ready to hit the town, our rooms had been reburbished and were spotless, pristine sheets and quilts, the bathroom was also spotless and the shower nearly blew me into last week - nice and powerful - I also requested an iron which arrived in 5 minutes - unheard of, and it remained in our room for the duration of our stay. The staff were sooo friendly and nothing was too much for them. The hotel is so central for everything - good food, bars and the Red Light District and other interesting places are so easy to get to by foot. We had a ball and will definately stay here again, cannot comment on breakfasts as funnily enough we never made it up in time!  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>donatravel
<Content>Great Hotel and Location Just returned from Europe and my husband and I stayed at the Victoria hotel. I thought it was great after reading all the reviews I almost cancelled but we were going on a River cruise for 9 nights and we were only staying at the Victoria for 1 night. I thought it was great. I asked for a newly renovated room and got it. There were two workman on the floor painting walls but no big deal our room was very large and faced the water and train station so a great view. Bathroom was also larger and our window opened so that was nice when closed I couldn't hear street below. The people that worked at front desk and bell desk were very nice and helpful. Didn't eat breakfast so can't tell you about that.. Everything was within walking distance, Red light district was within walking. You can't miss that what a tourist attaction!! The girls are so pretty don't know why they have to work there .. I wouldn't be afraid to go just ask for the room you want..  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poor value, run-down, breakfast is not great value. Staff were friendly just don't ask them for a restaurant recommendation, they gave us some very bad choices, obviously some staff were on kick backs from some of the local restaurants. The room are very quiet and clean, but they were run-down. We stayed in the green wing, where the carpet and furniture in the room was very worn. Breakfast was very poor and certainly is not good value for money, I'd recommend that you avoid it altogether and get it in a local cafe.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>joanne27
<Content>Recommended We stayed there at Easter. Had 2 rooms on 2nd floor of Garden Wing. Both rooms were clean,spacious and quiet. The hotel was full and the few times we went to the bar it was very busy-a bit too small for a hotel of that size. We did not eat breakfast in the hotel as it was 20E per person-which would have been a crazy 100E each day for us. There are plenty of cafes around where they serve breakfast for around 8E. Mu husband ate breakfast in the hotel as he was there for a conference and rated it as average.The pool is free but the sauna,steam room and gym are extra-which I don't agree with.The staff are all friendly-especially the Concierge's who will recommend restaurants,attractions etc.The hotel is very convenient-right opposite the station, canal boat trip and about 5 mins from Dam Square, 15 mins from Anne Frank's house.Be aware that it is a very busy area-a bit like Piccadilly Circus! Once in the hotel though you will find peace and quiet.Overall I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would stay there again       "Garden View" from the window  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>carolmathers
<Content>great weekend have just spend 2 nights here and was a bit apprehensive after reading some of the reviews but we had no problems.as far as i could see the hotel was spotless.ok there was renovations going on and we were wakened at 8am on saturday morning by workmen outside our room (414)but we laughed this off.the bedroom was clean and comfortable and although the bathroom was small it had a really powerful shower.would go back.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BowmontWanderer
<Content>Handy location for rail travellers Good value late deal obtained for single night on outward journey to Den Bosch by rail( rate reciprocated by hotel for return journey). Good clean rooms and interior.Staff very helpful in that we asked for and received a room with a view of the central station. Location ideal for rail travellers.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>norgate
<Content>third business visit This hotel is in a brilliant location just opposite the tram and train station so easy to access the city either by day or night. Have stayed here 4 times on business but would say the location is brill. The hotel bedrooms are a little lacking in decor but every thing else makes up for it. Not quite 4 star more 3 star but would stay again.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Hackers1972
<Content>Dark Ages The nice grande entrance is deceiving. We stayed on the 7th floor and got a room which was a throwback to the 70's. Ok, it was clean i suppose but is definately not worth a 4 star rating. Luckily, the outside renovations didn't cover our window and we'd a great view over Centraal Station. Breakfast was a bit extortionate so we opted for a local cafe which was more reasonable. What cheesed me off the most, apart from the awful room and people off their heads for three hours in the adjoining room (no soundproofing) was that at the end, when checking out, the receptionist, on realising we had not spent any extra money in the hotel, suddenly decided we had not been charged the correct room rate over the internet and that we owed a further 30 Euros or so. Needless to say she was told, politely, where to go! Anyway, this is not 4 star, the corridors were better than the rooms. I wouldn't go back, i'm afraid!!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this hotel After reading some reviews of this hotel I was a bit dubious at staying here. But please dont be. My boyfriend and myself stayed for 2 nights at the beginning of March and were considering staying an extra night as the room was fab. We had an executive suite with a balcony overlooking Centraal Sation. The room was huge and vey clean. The bathroom is a bit small, but the bath and shower are a decent size. The restorations are nothing to worry about, and we never heard any workmen early in the morning. The location is excerllent and within walking disance of all the major pleins. Staff were very friendly and spoke very good English. There is a charge if you want to use some of the faciliies (ie Gym, Sauna) however, the use of the pool is free. The bar is nice for a quiet chat, however, we prefered to stop off a their brasserie (which is open to the public) for a coffee or a beer. I would definatley recommend this hotel, and shall be returning.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, fine hotel Just returned from a two night stay 19th and 20th Feb 2006 from this hotel. we went with a group of friends and had slightly mixed expectations prior to arrival from reading some of the reviews.We had a fantastic time, OK we had no view either because of the renovation work but does it matter when your asleep!Don't be put off by bad reviews of this hotel, it is perfectly accepatable. The staff couldn't have been more helpful. It truly is in a superb location with easy access to trains, trams,buses, canal trips and all the other usual attractions this city has to offer.If we ever go back to Amsterdam, this is where we will stay.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JaneCoDown
<Content>Avoid at all costs I choose this hotel because of the location, near the train station as I had'nt visited Amsterdam before. The hotel is very deceiving, it has a very grand entrance and reception area.I booked a Superior room, well I would not have liked to see a Standard one. The room was so small, enough for a double bed and a chest of drawers that I banged my legs against getting past, the carpet was all mould around the sides, the bathroom was so small, only fit for children, and it stank to high heaven. There was no view from the room as renovations are underway and the window was covered with plastic sheeting. This is supposed to be a four star hotel, no way, more like two star and even thats being generous.There are many other hotels around the corner, so don't just book for the location.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again We checked into the Victoria Hotel for a one night stay expecting a 4 Star experience. First off, the hotel is undergoing massive renovations, lots of it is currently under exterior sheeting while interior court rooms are covered in scaffolding, complete with construction racket. Those were the only non-smoking rooms available. We instead chose the Garden Terrace area, supposedly with the most up to date rooms. Ours was by no possible stretch of the imagination a 4 star room. Possibly a 2 star but that's being generous. The carpet hadn't been cleaned in years. The room was small and unattractive and the quite old bed/mattress had a sizable valley down the middle. The room was hot and airless even though the heat was off and we opened the window (letting in all the train station noise) and ran the fan. Internet service was an additional 20 Euros, as was the breakfast. We chose instead the smoke-scented cafe, only because it was blowing snow outside. O, and the concierge recommended a restaurant that we discovered had an attached sauna and absolutely wreaked stale bathsteam. Really avoid this place at all costs.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>RJKHawaii
<Content>Not Recommended This older hotel by the train station has not been well-maintained, and my room in particular was disgustingly dirty, with human hair all over the floor, stains on the carpet, and a filthy bathroom that had to be cleaned again immediately upon my arrival. Also, the window was broken and would not shut properly, which would make it easy for someone to break into the room (a real danger in Amsterdam, particularly where this hotel is located). When I complained the hotel staff I was treated extremely rudely; in response to my complaint a porter told me that I should just leave the hotel and stay somewhere else. To their credit, the management was more responsive and very apologetic for the condition of my room and the rude treatment by their staff. But that does not change the fact that my 1-night stay was awful; I would never stay here again and I would not recommend it to anyone. If you are looking for the convenience of this hotel's location across from the train station, be aware that this is a particularly seedy, dangerous area. In this case it is clear that this hotel's desirable location for travellers allows the hotel to get away with its shabby condition and service. If you want to me near the station but in a safer, better hotel, you should definitely pay a little more to stay at the Renaissance about 1 block away.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>tori19
<Content>Generally good value I booked the Hotel Victoria for my friends hen do for 17 girls to stay two nights in January. Generally the hotel was good although when we arrived it was covered in scaffolding. However the hotel reception ensured that none of the executive rooms I had requested would overlook the scaffolding and even gave the bride a room upgrade to a suite. The executive rooms were large and nicely decorated. The leisure facilties were good although the pool was rather small. We didn't have breakfast. The location was ideal if you wanted to be in the thick of it but not the most picturesque area of amsterdam. The only problem was that the Park Plaza website promised the cheapest rates but I later found them cheaper on easytobook online and they would not honour the rate, so I re-booked with easytobook.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>isgraves
<Content>3 star thinks its a 4 As a regular business traveller, I am pleased to have stayed here. Great location from the Central Train Station. The rooms were clean, relatively spacious, and well-stocked. Dont pay for a premium view room, as most dont look at anything that spectacular (rooftops, alleyway, or scaffolding). The breakfast downstairs is great except the price. You pay 20 euros for a breakfast buffet. Multiple eateries just round the corner for much less. Staff was friendly and everyone spoke english as expected. There were 3 staff working the front desk everytime I went through the lobby. The room insulation must be adequate as I didnt hear my neigbors at all. If I stay in town again, I would stay here again. The concierge service has good tools to help you in your quest for food, tours, etc.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Put Your Mind At Ease! As I went to write a review on this Hotel, I noticed the previous review and I would like to totally agree with the member from Brighton, Sussex. I have based my review on comments made by him/her.We (3 No Couples) stayed in this hotel, arriving on Thursday morning the 19th of January to Sunday morning the 22nd of January.Similar to the previous review, I had worries about the hotel, after I had seen some of the reviews since our booking last August.When we arrived we had a problem with one of the rooms which seemed much smaller compared to the other two rooms, but this problem was quickly corrected to everyones's satisfaction.The hotel is NOTHING like described some of the negative reviews!! I think some people should have a think about what they have written as a lot of it seems completly unfounded. (I wonder if some other amsterdam hotels have submiited negative reviews to harm this hotels reputation?)Ok yes the buffet breakfast is overpriced, But guess what!! You don't have to eat it! You can go to a place around the corner and have a traditional dutch breakfast for 5Euros! The hotel is clean, Spacious and modern.Staff were extremely friendly! Bar was comfortable and relaxing.Concierge was extremely helpful.Hotel is directly opposite Grand Central Station. Next to everything! Canal busses - Dinner Cruises - Trams - Red Light District, Shopping - etc.......Our rooms views varied (none with scaffolding) but it didn't spoil our stay, because we were not there to look out the window! Yes large parts of the exterior of the hotel is scaffolded out with sheeting, for repair work to the building. This is called renovating and I am sure the quiter months of the year are the best times to do this work.Would stay here again without a doubt! Put your mind at ease!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Brightontravels
<Content>What on EARTH is the problem????? Well we booked and then i saw the reviews and i thought OH MY GOD what have we done.We arrived i was suprised and when i got to the room again suprised!.The hotel is NOTHING like described in the reviews!! I think some people should have a think about what they have written as a lot of it seems completly unfounded.Ok yes the breakfast is overpriced, But guess what!! You don't have to eat it! You can go to a place around the corner and have a traditional dutch breakfast for 5Euros! The hotel is clean, Spacious and modern.Staff were friendly! Room Service was nice! Hotel is slap bang in the middle of town. Next to everything! Had a great view overlooking central station. Would stay here again without a doubt!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Look elsewhere! We booked this hotel as a good deal was available on the internet and the location (bang opposite Central Station) was right. We found out why it was so cheap: it's covered in tarpaulins and scaffolding, and it appeared ours was not one of the rooms that has already been done up. Small, dim, wonky headboard. The breakfast was obscenely overpriced at 20 Euros for a very poor buffet selection, and a mouse scurried across the breakfast room while we were eating. Yes, we did raise these concerns with the management and no, they didn't do anything. Good location and great city, but try another hotel!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>JohnUK
<Content>Great location       Room 402  
<Date>Dec 30, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>did the job have just returned from 5days over christmas in Amsterdam, We stayed at the Victoria Hotel, no problems whatsoever. Room ready 10.30am, nice quite room in garden wing, very clean and of a good size. All staff we met were very helpfull and made our stay very pleasent. Room was cleaned every day, fresh towels, all we wanted. The hotel is in a very convenient location with all Amsterdams attractions on your doorstep, also trams and train station.Would reccommend this hotel to anyone. Very good prices available on www. look around.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>germanolatino
<Content>How did they get their 4 *??? For the 220 鈧?(= 260 US$ special internet-rate! without breakfast) I had to pay for 1 night this december (low season) for a single-room (#414) in this hotel actually under renovation, I did not get what I had expected: I even think that in this category the Victoria is the lousiest hotel I've ever stayed at!!! The room was EXTREMELY small with the sterile charm of a hospital-room (decoration inexisting), to sit in the little armchair jammed between the wall and the child-size bed you had to be a contorsionnist, the individual central-heating (BEHIND long curtains!) worked for 5 minutes and in the mini-bathroom you could really freeze to death... The announced trouser-press was not there. A little note on top of the mini-bar said: be advised that we charge 6.50鈧?for a bottle of mineralwater (33cl). But at least the room was clean and the receptionnists were friendly , though. The location is convenient for those who travel by train, Central Station is in front. The waitresses in the huge breakfast-room werebusy talking and laughing to each other and couldn't care less about the guests...  
<Date>Dec 22, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UltimateRoadWarrior
<Content>Badly Overvalued I really fail to grasp what makes this Hotel attractive. Yes, the location is good, but any hotel in a mile radius from Victoria is in a great location as well. Any location int the centre of Amsterdam is great. Yes, it is also a 4 star hotel, but I've been in 4 star hotels that really offer more value for money. I found the whole Victoria Experience disappointing. I arrived at 10AM to join a meeting at 1PM at the University. Unfortunately the check-in officers wanted me to wait for the official check-in time of 2PM. At 10:00 clock they mentioned to me that there was no room available at all (a clear lie). So I had to upgrade to a larger size, for 50 Euro's. There goes my Expedia offer!The first thing that welcomed me in my oversized room with two TV's was a bottle of water, placed on the table in the room, featuring a price tag of 鈥?6 Euros. That is absurd for flat water! But the bottle neatly summarizes Victoria: they are clearly after your wallet. Wireless internet is the same story: 5 Euro's per 30 minutes (the ticket expires after 30 minutes, irrespective of the use of connection). Note, behind the Hotel, in an alley, is an internet cafe (next to McDonalds) that charges 1.50 euro per hour, including Skype, and you can use the 30 minutes any time during your stay.What do you get in return for all the money you pay? Not a lot to impress me, the interior design is old-fashioned; there was no TV-speaker in my bathroom. The service is poor. The employees have narrow job descriptions, so you see them hanging around a lot. But they cannot really help you when you need them, because the things you ask are mostly not their turf. Checking in and checking out took very long. There are cues at the desk, even at mid-day. The porters are not always in, so it took ten minutes to get my luggage from the designated room. Many rooms are in an annexe, which means a lot of hassle to get into a room. It is not a non-smoking hotel, so smoke welcomes you in the lobby already. I鈥檓 an experienced traveller, but this 4 / 5 star hotel created much more hassle than I expected. The strict but absurd check in time of 2PM (knowing that US travellers arrive in the early morning), the absurd price for wireless, the USSR style service of the staff, the outdated interior design (many shades of brown), their tolerance for smokers 鈥?I urge you to really think twice before visiting this hotel. You can get a lot more bang for your buck at other hotels.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>LucyS79
<Content>Great hotel, great location My partner and I visited this hotel on a weekend break, and thoroughly enjoyed our time there. The location is perfect, you can easily walk to the leidesplein and red light district, and the museum district although a bit further is still walkable in about 25 mins. The staff were all extremely helpful and friendly, and the concierge was able to help advise on the best places to visit and routes to take.The room was not very big, but very comfortable and clean.I would thoroughly reccomend this hotel as a base for exploring Amsterdam  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel - Great Location My husband and I just spent 5 nights at the Victoria Hotel. The hotel is conveniently located right across from Central Station. We were concerned after reading some of the reviews, but our experience was terrific. The room was large and very clean. The bathroom looked as if it was recently renovated. The staff was terrific. The concierge was extremely helpful and recommended several fantastic restaurants. Overall we were very happy and would stay at the Victoria again.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Frenchbantam
<Content>Great Location...Poor hotel Most people seem to agree that you cannot beat the location of this hotel. It is right across the road from the Central Station and within walking distance to shopping, nightlife etc. However, the hotel itself is overpriced and badly in need of decorating. If you are going to stay there I would suggest that you ask for a room in the new area of the hotel. I, unfortunately, was in the older area which was dirty and in need of complete renovation. The carpets were filthy and all the walls and wooden doors badly needed work. That said, the bed was comfy enough. I was dumbfounded by the wardrobe which gave me only about 10cms of rail to hang my clothes. Not quite sure why you would install something like that. Be careful of the breakfast as it is 20 euros per day if you do not have a BB deal. It is not particulalrly good and better food can be found in one of the cafes nearby.The staff were very friendly and polite and did everything they could to help you. All in all there are much better and cheaper hotels in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MartineC
<Content>Location good, hotel not 4-star Pro: Convenient location opposite Central Station, within walking distance of everything, staff extremely helpful  friendlyCons: Very basic, looks dated, in need of refurbishment. Breakfast expensive @ 鈧?0 per person for a buffet (food not hot). Hotel charges extra for use of gym, sauna  steam room, even use of towel !! This is not acceptable in a 4-star hotel - we complained and got a gym session free.Would not recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sistercath
<Content>nice atmostphere Stayed her Nov 2nd -5th.Small rooms ( but weren't in the room much as out and about)but wonderfully clean and all mod cons.Tried the leisure centre for a swim  sauna,the breakfast was really nice with lots of choice.Hotel staff very helpful and recommended very nice Indonisian resturant for evening meal.Everywhere was within easy reach, canal boat tours, Dam Square etc etc...Cannot understand previous comments from Arizona.Just glad I didn't read that first or I may have chosen elsewhere.I am extensive traveller all around the world and I was well pleased with this hotelX  
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>arthouse1
<Content>Not a bad hotel Spent 2 nights at this hotel in late October 2005. The hotel is currently undergoing external refurbishment and is scaffolded and netted to the front. Not sure if this affects any rooms as we were at the back of the hotel with a view of a brick wall.The reception area is smart, the staff courteous and the concierge very attentive and helpful.The location of the hotel is very handy, being opposite Station Centraal. However, it's a bit like staying on London's Oxford Street or Leicester Square - it's incredibly busy with tourists and surrounded by tacky shops. One morning we left the hotel to be greeted by a stag party vomiting just outside the front door. That says more about Amsterdam and the people it attracts generally I guess.We found it best to get away from the 'Centrum' area and head towards the nicer - and quieter - canal areas beyond the old town. It's about a five-minute walk.If it's running at the time of year you visit, a good way to orientate yourself around the city is to take the Canal Bus tours. Hop on / Hop off as you please. Reasonable cost for a max 36 hour pass.Anyway, back to the hotel. We were on the third floor of the older part of the hotel in a fairly large split-level room. The bathroom was on the level of the corridor but the bed was down a steep winding staircase. Quite a nice feature until you need the bathroom at night, in which case it was almost lethal!The room was clean, the TV worked (beware the VERY graphic porn channels which are supposedly 'pay as you go' (ahem) but appear for about five seconds as you skip between channels - not good if you have children)Coffee and tea facilities were OK, but only powdered milk which was dreadful (buy your own, fresh!). Fairly well stocked, but typically over-priced minibar. Electronic safe. Good clothes storage. Air conditioning and heating.We didn't try the hotel bar/restaurant as there are so many eating places around Amsterdam (for an amazing dinner try Brasserie Harkema - simply stunning!)To sum up it's really not that bad a hotel for a first visit to Amsterdam. Having found our way around though, next time we would stay further out in the less touristy areas.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Travelin'Girl13
<Content>Eeeeewwww! I really wish I had something nice to say...oh yes, it was really really close (too close) to the train station and the canal tours. Ok, that's it. The rooms were a decent size, but honestly, my dorm room in college was nicer - and it was NOT nice. This place was a dump. Literally my room had a matress with a sheet on it and a couple pillows in the middle of the room. We had a tv, but I honestly didn't want to touch anything in that room - and I'm by NO MEANS a picky person with clenliness. Gross. Please read reviews on tripadvisor. There are a ton of nicer and less expensive places to stay. We did enjoy the canal tour and we went on a trip to Valedam and Marken to see the windmills and cheese factories...bring your wallet. Most of the tours take you from one gift shop to another, but it was still fun. My family and I all had a good times checking out the red light district, too. Thank goodness my brother is 6'7'' otherwise I doubt we would have stayed too long. Ask the concierge for restaurant advice (if you do stay here). Just make sure you are very specific with the food you want because we didn't find a lot of great places to eat when we tried to wing it.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, pity about the view I stayed in the Victoria for 2 nights at the end of October 2005. If you are going to stay in Amsterdam, I am sure you can find better... The positives:Excellent location, you cant miss it from the central stationRooms spacious and cleanThe beds comfortableThe negatives:There is alot of building work going on to the outside of the hotel itself, which not only causes lots of noise, but obstructs any view overlooking the station as there is lots of scaffolding and netting.There is lots of building work going on near the station too, as they are converting the entrance - so the area is noisy and very unattractive.Many problems had checking in, which was not until 3pmThe drinks in the bar were very expensiveOur maid / or whoever cleaned our room after the first night decided to (shall we say) relieve herself of her waste in our toilet - so it smelt.Our TV brokeNo milk for our tea/coffee.Pleasant enough hotel, just go somewhere else!Amsterdam as a city though is lots and lots of fun!!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Mollita
<Content>Yes! The hotel is much larger than I had thought, and much nicer too. My room was typical size by American standards, and had the usual look and feel, which you will not always find in Europe. The staff was very nice, the room was clean, and I was able to book a single night only, which is very difficult in Amsterdam. I paid about $200 USD. The location was very easy - right across from Centraal Station so you do not need to lug your bags on a tram to the hotel, which can be a pain if you've just arrived and are jet-lagged and disoriented and can't find tram tickets! The location was not great as far as being close to the museums, but that's not a problem as it is a nice walk across town to the museums, or tram. I will stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great view, next to central station.. loved it! We stayed in a room upgrade to see the wonderful view. The staff were excellent, and we could go anywhere with central station right across the street. We were there over a week! I can't imagine a complaint. Travelers know they should look over the accommodations before accepting a room.. Sherry and Perry Birger USA  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jon Potter
<Content>Well located, pretty average rooms We were in room 421, a small, dim room with view on to an internal courtyard. Basic small but functional bathroom. Hotel's public areas seemed quite nice but overall the hotel was a disappointment. Having said that, the hotel is well situated, right across the road from central station. We much preferred our stay in Amercian Hotel (Leidsekade 97) which cost us about 20 euros more a night a few weeks earlier.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Clive1
<Content>Central Location We stayed at the Victoria on the 19th  20th of August and thought it was very good. The hotel is about 300m from the Central Railway Station and can be seen from the Platforms. The staff were well organised and helpful, and spoke a variety of languages. The rooms were a good size, very clean and very quiet especially considering the location. The food was excellent though a little on the expensive side. From the hotel, you can easily walk to the central shops, bars, restuarants, etc. or catch a tram just outside of the hotel to the main museums. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lektor
<Content>Mediocre cleaning, mediocre breakfast buffet Was not asked about room preference at check-in and got one stinking with old cigarettes. Happily we were offered a non-smoking room within 30 minutes after we complained. The glasses and cups we used in the room were not changed by the cleaning lady, just wiped off. The breakfast buffet was ok, but not up to the standards one should expect from a 4-star hotel. Personell was nice and service-minded, though.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel,superb location. Just got back from our stay at the Victoria Hotel in Amsterdam.Great location just across the road from Centraal Station and about 5 minutes walk to Dam Square.We stayed in the Hyde Park wing overlooking the station and the room was excellent and very clean.On departing the hotel the concierge even told us which train platform our train back to Schiphol airport would leave from.All the staff were very friendly and helpful.Train tickets are about 3.40 euro's each,one way.The Red Light District is about 10 minute walk and well worth a visit.My wife and i walked the district at night but felt safe as most people were having a laugh looking at the scantily clad ladies in the windows.Most of the pubs charge about 5 euro's for a large glass of beer and some charge to use the toilet,about 50 cents.We would not hesitate to visit Amsterdam again and use the Victoria Hotel.Excellent !!!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>littlelucky
<Content>Pretty good hotel We stayed here just before Christmas, the atmosphere in Amsterdam was fantastic, very christmassy.The hotel was prettty good. The rooms were not bad at all, a bit scuffed in places, but very clean, nice bathroom. We didn't have a good view but i'm sure there are rooms that have. The staff were ok and the breakfast was not bad, nothing special but ok. The pool was tiny but still nice to have a swim in, there are not many hotels that have pools in Amsterdam. The other facilities, steam, sauna you had to pay for. The changing rooms, showers were grim though, very in need of refubishing. the gym looked ok though, but we didn't use it.The hotel is in a perfect spot, you see it as soon as you walk out of the train station. there are lots of nice pubs, restuarants near by, and we enjoyed our stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loving those beds I think I stayed in the new part of the hotel..But i quite liked it there. The beds were amazing. so comfy.It was very clean, and it had air con. Tea making faclities,and lil freebies in the bathroom..would go there again, if they werent already booked up for my month...grr!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kat Cruz
<Content>Excellent! Just returned from a weekend in Amsterdam with my boyfriend. Brilliant location, friendly, helpful and polite staff, clean rooms, sturdy beds, nice views.... what more do you need?Thoroughly wicked time! Would definitely use this hotel again!!!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gazmos
<Content>Excellent location, Good Hotel I read the previous reviews and was unsure what the hotel was like. Here are the facts... We stayed in the old part of the hotel. The room was average size but was very clean. There was tea  coffee making facilities and a fridge. There is a safe in the room and you did not have to pay extra for this facility. Importantly there is airconditioning and the windows are well insulated so the room was quiet. We were on the top floor on the front corner of the Damrak. The best thing about the hotel is the location in front of the Centraal Station. The worst feature is that the rooms we stayed in was a little tired and showing some wear. The service was professional and the concierge very helpful. This was an excellent location to get our bearings on our first visit to Amsterdam. Next time we might stay in a smaller hotel location towards Jordaan or some of the trendier areas away from the tourist area. If you are thinking of this hotel for ease of access and location then I would recommend it. We booked on ------ and got a good deal.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Victoria I've had a good read of the reviews for this hotel and I agree with a lot of what was said, especially the good. The main thing about this hotel is that it is central - right opposite Centraal station and on the Damrak. We were in a newer part of the hotel and everything was fresh and clean. There was a group of 20 of us together and we got an Internet rate when booking. We thought we had gotten good value for a 4-star hotel but it is really more like a 3-star+. The leisure centre was nice but the pool was small and there was a surcharge to use the steam and sauna which seemed a bit mean. The reception staff were really friendly and helpful. The concierge was really great and booked us several restaurants and trips, no mean feat to accommodate 20 at short notice. The lobby seating area was spacious and comfortable and was ideal for our group to meet in. We didn't opt for breakfast as we thought 20 euro a bit much, so we ate locally for a lot less. All in all I'd say it was great location and I would return.  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Yukon
<Content>Disappointed We came to Holland to pick up a puppy. We got written approval before hand to have our puppy stay at the hotel, but once we arrived they told us dog were not allowed. Also, we arrived early and after a ten hour flight they wouldn't let us have a room even if we paid extra, so we stayed in the waiting area for five hours before anyone would alow us our room and get some sleep. So our trip started off right away on the wrong foot. The room was small and had no AC, on top of that the day time temp. was running 90 degrees. The only place we had to get cool was in the resturant or waiting area. The food was good and the hotel was fairly clean, but once our first three days were up we went to get our pup and never came back. The little hotel in the country had much better food, service and much larger room for a lot less money. The new hotel was dog friendly and we could even take our pup into their fancy French resturant. There were a lot of people there with dogs and made our stay so much more enjoyable!Watch out for pick pockets around this area!!!  
<Date>May 14, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>TraceyMcM
<Content>Great Location, Great Hotel You won't find a better location in Amsterdam. This is right opposite the Central Train Station and within walking distance of every tourist spots. The hotel is clean and tidy and lovely amenities. My parents also stayed here when they visited too and loved it.I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone going to Amsterdam.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dont worry....it is actually quite nice Hello.Like a lot of people whi have wrote reviews on this hotel, i was very worried about staying there. I booked the holiday for my boyfriend as a christmas present, so naturally i wanted it to be perfect.After reading the reviews, i was a little worried.This is why i felt i had to write a review...to put peoples minds at rest.Ok....firstly...the hotel is a 4 star, which...like i lot of other people....i dont think it should be. Dont get me wrong...the hotel is beautiful, but the rooms are not of the same standard. They are nice, and clean, and quite a nice size, but i wouldnt say that they were 4*. I am not fusy though....neither am i snobby....but i think some people who regually stay at fancy hotels, and expected the same from this hotel would be very disapointed.One thing that really annoyed me about thehotel, which again...a lot of other people have said....is that when you arrive....they demand a 150 euro deposit from you ( even tho the hotel was paid for).They say this is to cover any costs for the mini bar etc.Luckily...i had my credit card with me....which i dont usually...so i was ok.This is a formality in the hotel, so make sure you have enough money for it. Ok...now on to the hotel food.The hotel has a lovely bar....very cosy reasonably priced etc, however the food was not so great. There was a steak bar/hotel about 1 minute down the road, and the people in there were sooooooooooo friendly, and they did lovely food, so it wasnt a problem.The swimming pool was oneof the main reasons i booked this hotel, and that was a huge let down. I was about the size of my living room ( which is not very big at all) The pictures on the websites are very decieving.Any whoo....overall....i did enjoy staying at this hotel. I thought it was over priced......but saying that.....you cant find a better location.It is right next to the train station, Canals, Trams, everything. The sex musium is about 1 minute walk away, and there are some great cafes ( if thats what your going there for) I recomend the Grass Hopper. Its fantastic :-)Hope this had helped.Thanks for reading :-)  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good stay in the Victoria Just back from our stay in the Vicotia Hotel Amsterdam and i would say the hotel was fine. We stayed in a superior room and it was a good size for a basic room. Our friends who travelled with us room was smaller than ours but still bareable although their bathroom was very small.Unlike other reveiwers our room was accessed by a maid and our towels were replaced every day.I would say that while the public areas of the hotel look like 4 star, the rooms are more like 3 star. As long as your not paying full price for this hotel it shouldnt matter.The only thing that annoyed me was the lack of a kettle/tea making facilities in the room.Overall our stay was good.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent I work for a city break operator called cresta. So upon check in i got up graded to a business suite. All the staff were v friendlyI would stay here again.well worth a visit  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Joyous time in Amsterdam My partner and i stayed at this hotel in Nov 04 for 3 nights,we found the staff to be very helpful,not just with the hotel,but good advice on where to go and places to eat.Our room was large ,comfortable,and clean,as we used the mini-bar etc this was replaced very quickly with very little disturbance.On the whole my partner and i had a fantastic time in Amsterdam,made even better by the fact we knew we would looked after no matter whattime we got back the hotel.Yes i would recommend this hotel to my friends,family.Paul and Joanne.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jacktim
<Content>Great Hotel and Location I was very worried about booking this Hotel after reading reviews and did upgrade to an Executive Room as a result. Although I will never know whether I made the right decision to upgrade - we have a fantastic time. The room was excellent in the Garden Wing on the third floor overlooking Central Station. The location was excellent for transport and walking distant to bars, clubs restuarants and red light district. Can recommend the Heinekin Experience - tram 24 from Central Station. The Hotel did put breakfast of 20 euros pp. automatically on the bill, but explained this was their only way of regulating if people pay. so if you didn't have breakfast, you tell them and there's no problem taking it off the bill.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spotty Place is hit and miss. If you get a room in the old building (especially an exec room) - you're in good shape. Sometimes, however you end up in a room without a bathtub. Rooms in the new wing have a drab 70's look - no charm at all. In addition in my last stay the room did not get cleaned for 2 days in a row (and I have not stayed there again after that!). Location is fantastic - right on the corner of Damrak and main square in from of RR station. If you get a good deal - go for it. Otherwise, take Swissotel, or Crowne Plaza around the corner.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location, mediocre quality We stayed here for about a week over new years. the great thing about this hotel is that when you finally arrive at centraal station after a long and tiring plane ride, you don't have to walk very far at all before you're greeted by the site of this historic looking hotel.the locatation is superb, as it is within a few minutes of dam square and has easy metro access to get to such venues as the van gogh museum.on the other hand, this hotel is NO WHERE NEAR 4 STAR QUALITY. Do not let the online travel sites fool you. This is a solid 3 star hotel (no, not even 3.5 stars). There's nothing particularly bad about it, but it's not anything you'll be writing home about either.The rooms are somewhat small and the bathrooms are cramped. maid service was absent throughout our stay, but that didn't bother us. They did leave fresh towels outside the door every morning.All in all, a decent place to stay, but I wouldn't recommend it if you're trying to impress anyone (ie your significant other). you'll both be somewhat disappointed by the size and quality of the rooms.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>katharinepompey
<Content>Recommend it! We stayed at the Victoria Hotel between Christmas and New Year for 2 nights and have no complaints. The room on the 4th floor was clean, quiet and comfortable. It had a trouser press and safe as well as mini bar and TV, all as stated. The staff were helpful (letting us store our bags etc)and friendly(the concierge always welcomed us on returning back!) and it is an ideal location right opposite the station entrance (not far to walk with your bags). My only qibble would be that their maitenance people mended a cracked panel in the bathroom whilst we were out of our room and didn't tell us they would be in our room. Otherwise we would recommend this hotel and if you pay in advance you may get a better rate and no unexpected charges.KP from Portsmouth  
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing We stayed in the Victoria Hotel for New Year's Eve and our stay was extremely disappointing. This hotel does not classify as a four star hotel as it is rated. Many of the items listed on the hotel website do not appear in the room, i.e. trouser press, safes, etc. The state of our bathroom (which was tiny) was embarassing and is worse than any hotel we have ever stayed in due to the extent of the mould in the shower and also the fact that you could only spend limited time in the shower because the water did not drain away for ten minutes or more. We stayed for four nights (with prices ranging between Euros 99-210 plus tax) and not once during our stay was our bed linen changed and despite a call to ask when we were leaving our room on New Year's Day, they failed to clean the room and simply left new towels on the door handle. There were also chips out of the door and several of the lights weren't working. Whilst the hotel staff were friendly, they did not assist in moving us to anther room despite our request and I would not recommend a stay in this hotel. The lobby looks inviting, however, our room was less than acceptable and it is difficult to understand how this hotel can be rated as four star.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This hotel couldn't be more convienient After reading the reviews of this hotel prior to arrival I had become a little worried about what I had booked. However, the expectation of some crumbling ruin were thankfully quashed when my wife and I walked into the hotel and then the room.The lobby was a really nice space to relax and the staff were very helpful, to us at least. Our room was located in the much maligned Garden Wing. The view out of the window of a wall isn't what most people would expect, but that didn't bother us at all, in fact we liked the privacy. The room we had was very spacious, warm and quiet, even though our room was right behind the elevator, and conveniently next to an ice machine. The bathroom was always kept clean and tidy by the room staff. The hot water supply was something else - scalding hot. Put it this way, there was no need to boil a kettle for a cup of coffee. Actually, no kettle had been supplied so the supply from the tap was our only hope of a morning coffee without spending a small fortune in the restaurant downstairs, or by going out to one of the many restaurants in the surrounding area. Additionally, the pressure of the water coming from the shower and the sink taps was enough to strip skin - great for washing out coffee cups ! I could not fault the shower experience.The television has BBC1 and 2, BBC News 24, MTV and VH1 along with some pay as you go movie channels and two adult channels. Some local Dutch channels were also thrown into the mix.A word of warning, however. The pay as you go channels would sometimes not be scrambled when I switched to them - a couple of the film channels were hardly ever scrambled. Whether this was a ploy by the hotel to secretly charge after a certain period of time of viewing, or whether it was a software glitch was one thing I didn't want to chance. They were asking 11.50 euros for a film channel and 13.50 for an adult channel per day.The hotel charges for their breakfast automatically - 20 euros per person per night. They took the charges off of my bill when I made it apparent that neither my wife or I had actually had any breakfast. I checked my bill every night via the television.I'd say that this is one of the better hotels we've stayed in, and we've been in quite a few. The location was also great in that it is spitting distance from Centraal Station. Most trams and canal boats also converge at this point. These alone will take you to every corner of Amsterdam, and I have to say that Amsterdam's public transport system is second to none. It was clean, friendly and always on time, even on Christmas day.Mike and Lynn (Room 360).  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Recommendable Our experience at the Victoria was good. The hotel is superbly located, and the service, particularly from the concierge, was great. Great breakfast was included, and the room and bathroom were spacious enough. The only complaint is that the beds are too soft for my liking, possibly because they are too old.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>prime position I have now stayed in this hotel three times, and each time has been a delight. The only problem I have had, is, sometimes, the cleaning and replenishment of the rooms was not always good, but a call to reception soon put this right.. The carpets in the public areas have now been replaced(see others comments) I stayed this time for seven nights and thoroughly enjoyed the visit.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you are American, stay away! I just got back from Amsterdam and loved everything about it except for my stay at the Victoria Hotel. I was there for 5 nights, and although I encountered several rude employees, I really didn't let it get to me except when I checked out. Not only did they add all these hidden charges to my debit card totaling $355 euros, I get my bank statement and see that they charged an additional $55 euros without my approval. I have no idea what it is for, and thinking about how I am going to get it removed is starting to give me a headache!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the vicky we stayed in the victoria last spring. it was a nice enough place and looked pretty cool as we came from the train station. the entrance to the hotel is not so friendly for those who may have difficulty with stairs. the lobby was quite large as you move away from the front desk. cozy sitting area across from the breakfast area. the rooms were not bad at all. we were in a newer part of the old hotel. we walked from the lobby lift to another lift to reach our room. .as soon as the lift doors opened we knew this was a nice hotel. the sweet smell of hash met us as if to say welcome to the vicky.staff was good. guess the way to tell is, if you dont remember any hassles they gave you.the rates are high. in my opinion. it was a motel 6/best western or something a step up ramada maybe?. some where near 100 eu p/n. we have found that about normal for this type of room if you believe the tourist hype. shop on the web for better deals. if you dont mind walking or know the bus/train routes, there are better places and less expensive as well. it is a pretty hotel. look at the wood work and the exterior. nice craftsmanship  
<Date>Dec 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fishing1
<Content>A Fantastic Break We had read the reviews and some were positive and others not and I was a little concerned as I had booked this last minute but I have to say we had a great time at the Victoria. The staff were brilliant. There was a lovely lady on reception called Ina who was very helpful, Sebastian in the restaurant was very informative regarding the food. Three nights we eat in the restaurant and each meal was a delight.My only little moan was breakfast, some of hot items were not hot, there was plenty of food and I realise its difficult looking after the vast amount of guests, but you do pay 20Euros for breakfast so its not cheap. We will be returning to the Victoria as it was a lovely hotel, just opposite the station so we had no dificulty in finding the hotel. An ideal location for a tourist.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Experience I stayed at this hotel for one night, November 11, 2004. I arrived at the hotel before check-in time, but they allowed me to go ahead and register. I had a nice room, comfortable, quiet and spacious enough. I couldn't have bought an elephant with me, but I didn't have one, so the room was quite nice indeed! After reading some of the reviews, I almost changed my reservations, but glad I didn't. Nice stay and will return here again because my first visit here was good. Can't beat the location and if you're walking to Central Station (railroad station), it's only a few minute walk (literally across the street!). Good for families, good for when you are alone. Highly recommended! I booked this hotel through Delta Airline's WWTE.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, comfortable bed, and nice bathroom We stayed in the Victoria Hotel for one night in late November. The room was quiet, a good size, great bedding, and very clean. We asked for a Non-Smoking room and they gave us a nice room with no odors. The hotel is old, so the furnishings aren't fabulous, but they are nice. The hotel had a nice size bathroom with a shower and bath (some hotels in Europe do not have shower heads). The staff in the lobby was very nice and helpful. The wireless access surcharge is very expensive (25 euro for a whole day). If you just need to check e-mail there is an internet cafe just around the corner for very cheap. The location is right across the street from Central Station and the trams make stops there all the time, so you can get just about anywhere you need to go in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Geneva_Diplomat
<Content>Amersdam Victoria - Nice and Comfortable But Can Be Better Stayed at the Amsterdam Victoria for 4 nights during our Benelux holiday in Aug 2003. We were attracted by the good location (only steps from the main train station) and the good price that we got on the internet. The hotel does look old both from the outside and inside. This was compensated by decent service, polite receptionists and comfortable rooms. But it's high time the management renovate the hotel.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This Hotel is awful This hotel has lost it's luster and you are a fool if you book a room here. The staff is overworked and does not care about anything, especially another American coming in the door. Don't bother trying to flatter the front desk staff, it won't work for a bigger room or anything else. The locking system on the doors are so old that we had to replace our keycard 3 times in a two day stay! The rooms are old, dated and full of dust. The carpet in the hallways is disgusting. Addtionally, because of the new metro system being built across the street, there is constant banging early in the am and all day long. The only reason people stay here is because of the location, but you would be best walking a few extra feet to another hotel, there are many options.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>They always treat me right I have always had excellent treatment at this hotel. But friends have told other tales. Part of the problem seems to be that the front desk is apt to offer substandard rooms at times to discount travelers. I blame corporate indifference.Not that the normal rooms are inspiring...adequate springs to mind.Yet I stay here often. Besides the friendship with the concierge (he joined us karting last visit), there's the proximity to the Red Light District, and several favorite local bars (Prix D'Ami, De Kuil, and Teasers). Also walking distance to a very worthwhile science museum, NEMO (lots of interactive displays). Almost forgot: people-watching from the enclosed patio at Vic's.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Victoria Just been to Amsterdam for a long weekend, we were very concerned after reading some of the reviews on here about the Victoria, what do some people want. We had an executive room on a non smoking floor, the room was lovely, very spacious  clean, we had tea/coffee facilities, mini bar  large towelling robes with matching slippers, the staff were very efficient  helpful, i wouldnt hesitate to stay at the Victoria on my next visit to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gkjones
<Content>Not too bad!! Just got back from Amsterdam, stayed in Victoria Hotel. After checking in found our superior room was far from superior. There was a damp smell in the room with the edges of carpet black and mouldy around the walls. There was a hugh imposing fire door leading out to the fire escape. We thought this was odd being actually in our room, then realised that the room had been converted from what once was the corridor. The decor was shabby and carpet stained. We asked if we could be moved to another room, and to be fair the receptionist was very polite, she said that they were fully booked, but could move us the next day. We moved the next day to a much nicer room with a view from the window. Apart from shabby first room, the hotel itself was lovely and the staff were very helpful and polite. The breakfast was excellent if a little pricey!! Would probably stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What's wrong with The Victoria? What's wrong with the Hotel Victoria? After reading several bad reviews I was slightly apprehensive about our trip to Amsterdam. Couldn't have been more wrong. My husband and I found the staff to be friendly and efficient ( o.k. they weren't overly gushing but who wants to be wished to have a nice day every few minutes) The room was great and the breakfast one of the best we've ever had. All in all very good value for money.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MGTB
<Content>Could be much better We stayed here for one Saturday night in September. The bad reviews had put me off but I didn't read them til after my partner had made the booking. The superior room was incredibly small and the decor shabby - I would be interested to see what a normal room would be like. However the bed was very comfortable and the relatively quiet considering you're on a busy street. On the plus side, the location was amazing, the staff, especially the porters, were excellent and the food in Vic's Brasserie was fantastic. If you aren't concerned about slightly sub-standard rooms, it's a good choice of hotel.Also, as a note to a previous review, the construction is only during the week so weekend lie-ins are undisturbed!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>screennamesaresilly
<Content>Four stars? Try four dogs! We were nervous about staying here because we started finding mixed reviews after we booked our reservation.Our fears were well-founded. Be very afraid if you're given a room in the Garden Wing. (If you book a discount rate, that's where they'll put you.) This wing has been generously marinated in what I like to call indigenous smoke smell. If you think you might have a problem smelling this constantly, do not stay in the Garden Wing. We had two rooms. We refused the first (cat would've been severely injured upon commencement of swinging). Both smelled strongly of urine. The furniture was falling apart in both rooms. We had to request several times that our trash be taken out. (Not part of normal maid service?) Clean glasses put in the room had lipstick marks on them.Be aware that they will charge you for breakfast (20 euros per person per day) even if you never eat it. Also, they won鈥檛 take this off the bill until you check out.I realize there are folks who鈥檝e had a good experience here. If you鈥檙e considering booking here, I think you have to ask yourself if you鈥檙e willing to risk being one of the Garden Wing Survivors.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights April 2004 with another couple. Our room in the garden wing was rather small the double bed was pushed right up to the wall on one side so there was only one way in and out. Our friends room next door was slightly bigger. The location was excellent and the reception and ground floor was very impressive.There were no tea and coffee makig facilities in the room and they charged to use the sauna.The staff on reception were friendly and helpful.We did not have breakfast in the hotel (we felt 20Euros was a bit expensive) but on checking out apparently it automatically adds to your bill so make sure you check before paying.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2004
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Be aware of the large and noisy construction! There is a reason for the special rates that you may find: there is major on-going construction just next to the hotel. The pictures that you may see with the nice view of the canals are outdated, now this is a big construction area. I stayed in this hotel two nights at the end of the august. In general the hotel is located in a very congested and noisy area. But while I was given a quiet room (with a view of a wall) next morning I woke-up at 8 am due to the drilling noise of the outside construction. The noise was so laud that at first I was convinced that it was coming from an adjoined room. But the administration said that it was the construction outside and that there was nothing they can do about it. Also when asking for a wake-up call, be aware that it won鈥檛 be a call but you TV will be automatically turned on鈥?meaning that if you happen to fall asleep with the TV on there will be nothing to wake you up. Don鈥檛 even waste your time arguing with the administration.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>easy, clean, would stay again After much deliberation over budget issues, I booked the victoria for myself and my 2 teenage children the first week of august. We stayed in one room with three twin beds. We arrived very early from an international flight, checked in, dropped the bagage and returned in an hour to enter the room. We were delighted with the clean room and enough space to handle 3 large luggage pieces. We stayed 4 nights . I found 99% of the staff VERY helpful and pleasant. Their internet is expensive, but handy if you need to print. The best part is the location. You can get to any part of the city with ease. Since we took the train to and from the airport very early in the morning, the transportation was important. The extra money spent for the hotel was saved in airport transfers and transportation in the city. I did not use the restaurant, but the pool was great for the children. I can't wait to return. I would definitely use this hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No complaints about the Victoria Hotel! Having read so many mixed reviews of this hotel I didn't know what to expect. However, I was pleasantly suprised on arrival at the hotel. The staff were helpful, the hotel extremely nice, and the location perfect. The only criticism was the size of the rooms, as they were very small. But what do you expect from a city centre hotel? This is the sacrifice you make for the location. And though the room was small, it was very nice. Overall, a very good experience of the hotel. It cost 230 Euros for two nights, which I think is good value for somewhere so central!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mkrio
<Content>ugh Dreadful. Chintzy.Bad service, rude reception, unhelpful staff, and ugly beyond belief. For a lot of money, too.Everyone was horrible, unlike the Dutch peoplein restaurants, trains, airport, etc. This is a hotelin hell.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Well located, very comfortable, friendly hotel This hotel is in an excellent location just across from the central train station and near the main sites/canals. The staff was quite friendly and efficient. The concierge staff was exceptionally helpful. The lobby/hallways were slightly worn however the bedrooms were very comfortable and in fine shape. I strongly recommend this fine/comfortable/well located hotel.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good room, good service read your mixed reviews and followed the advice which led to an exellent stay our executive room was to a good standard with a super kingsize bed, tea/coffee, large bathroom. (all requested by e.mail in advance)the upgrade from the standard room was on offer at 25 euros extra per nightthe hotel had our room available early at my request they stored our luggage and all the staff were really politetake your time and book in advance for a good deal  
<Date>Jul 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sunshinegirl77
<Content>Enjoyable stay After seeing so many bad reviews on here, we were dreading staying at the Victoria. But I have to say we didn't come across any of the problems like dirty cramped rooms, rough towels, poor service. The only complaint I have is that when we arrived around 10am, I asked if they would look after our luggage until we could check in. I was told there was no such facility, so we had to wait a few hours in the bar next door with our bags. When we came to check out, we saw the porter storing bags, and asked if we could do the same, he said checking in or checking out so the facility was there all along. Apart from that we had an excellent stay in a superior room in a hotel very centrally located. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spanner42
<Content>Disappointing Selected this hotel after a lot of comparisons, and feel disappointed. The hotel was okay, as were the staff, but I felt all the time they were there to get more money out of us. there was a charge for all the leisure activities apart from the pool, and even worse, for the tea / coffee making facilities - which weren't topped up either. the bath towels were scratchy and there were no face flannels.The carpets were dirty, and I felt bad that i had taken my friends here.It probably wouldn't have been such a disappointment had I known what to expect,  
<Date>Jul 15, 2004
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Tygaman
<Content>A Good Hotel The hotel was ideally located opposite the Centraal Station and was withing walking distance of the major tourist attactions. The room we had was quite large and was comfortable. The first night the mattress sunk a bit in the middle but hey fixed that the next morning. The hotel also had a pool for guests use and other facilities for additional cost. The breakfast was not bad especially the Dutch pancakes. Overall this was a good hotel in a great location and I would stay here again if in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thoroughly enjoyable stay Having read some of the negative reviews we felt we must leap to the defence of the Victoria Hotel. A superb location, friendly, helpful staff and a delightful split-level room made our three nights there one of the highlights of our visit to Amsterdam. It is extremely difficult to fault any apsect of the Victoria's service. Granted, the carpet at the entrance is showing signs of wear and tear but elsewhere was clean and spotless. We particularly enjoyed nightcaps in the cocktail bar where the bartender was slick, professional and charming. We would have no hestitation in returning.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SatisfiedSouthAfrica
<Content>Disappointed beyond believe! This was our second, but also our last stay in the Victoria. Although the hotel is conveniently located and in a quite secure area, the rooms are a total disgrace and a rip-off. We specifically requested a twin-bedded room in the newer part of the hotel, yet we got a double bed shoved into a corner of the room. The duvet, big enough to cover 1 person only. We had to make some improvements of our own.These dingy hotel rooms are not worth the price of 200 Euros per night and I think Management should truly feel ashamed about the current situation. We will seek out alternative lodgings for our next visit.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2004
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>aspier
<Content>Never Again Was in the Netherlands May 5 - May 14, 2004 to visit some long-lost family and do some sight seeing. Wanted to catch an early morning train to Paris on May 11, so decided to spend the evenings of May 10 and 11 at a hotel in Amsterdam with location close to Central Station. The pictures on the Hotel Victoria website looked beautiful, and due to it's closeness to Central Station, we booked 2 nights @ 140 EURO a night. When we got to the hotel the front desk staff was rude. They had no interest in serving us what-so-ever. They even went so far as to tell us that they had no reservation for us! I then handed them a copy of the confirmation email they had sent me, and was greeted with an Oh. I see. Not even an apology for the rudeness. Eventually we were given our keys and we headed to our room. Our room was on the second floor in the older part of the hotel. Several flights of steps and several ramps later we arrived at our room. Talk about disappointment! The room was located at the very end of a long narrow hallway. There was a hole in the door where the peep hole should be, (Instead of allowing the person in the inside to see whomever was on the outside, those standing on either side of the door could look in. The bathroom door did not even lock! And the view? Need you even ASK? It was of a brick wall. Also the air conditioning didn't work, so the room was like a sauna. Complaining to the staff got us nowhere. Once again - the rudeness factor was pushed to the max. We checked out after 2 nights and were thankful to be gone. But NO! The hotel stay from hell didn't end there! Imagine my surprise when I arrived home and received my credit card bill - to find out that the Victoria Hotel had charged my credit card a completely different amount then what I had reserved and signed the room for. I was charged DOUBLE the amount that I should have. I quickly got on the phone and called the front desk from my home here in Canada. Once again - front desk staff was rude, (Guess it doesn't matter if you're there in person or on the phone). Was eventually told that I would need to contact accounting department and would have to call back another day to do so. Several days later I got in touch with the accounting department and they said there was nothing they could do. When I told them I had a copy of the confirmation email stating that my reservation was at half the price they had charged my credit card I was once again greeted with Oh. I see. After faxing the required papers to the accounting department I then had to wait 2 weeks for them to issue a refund. Never, never, NEVER will I stay at this hotel again. Not a 4 star hotel. The Victoria Hotel lacks integrity.Next time I'm going to stay at the Amstel with George Clooney and the rest of the Oceans 12 cast.   
<Date>Jun 13, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>noce stay the hotel was very central and for a couple who never visited the city before we found the location of the hotel excellent. it was in a safe area and i felt safe at night time. although we didn't use all the hotel facilities, the ones we did use were really good. the room was great for what we needed, it was spacious and comfortable and cleaned daily. the only downside there was no coffee making facilities in the rooms. overall the hotel was a major role in the enjoyment of our break. we will definatly visit this hotel again.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't even bother with the restaurant The hotel itself is pleasant, but noting too special. The dining area on the other hand was terrible. DON'T BOTHER...I went along with friends of mine who work in the hotel industry to have lunch there on a Saturday afternoon. When we walked into the restaurant we stood for ages before we had to tap one of the waitresses that were walking straight past us if we could please be seated. She nodded as if to say yes and so we presummed that was a yes  to find your own seat.We waited for 15 minutes for someone to arrive with menu's  to maybe attempt to take our drink order. Eventually i got annoyed  had to go over to the bar where 4 girls were standing chatting. I asked if we could please have some menu's  drinks please.Shortly we recievd our menus  were able to make drink orders. Two of us decided to order Virgin Mary's. The waitress looked at us  asked us what this was  i explained thet this was everything like a bloody Mary except for the vodka. She then laughed  said this wasn't a problem, she hadn't heard of a Virgin Mary before.The drinks arrived.... the two of us recieved tomato juice  assummed the other ingredients were coming. After a while we managed to catch a waitresses attantion who said she was bringing the tobasco. Again we waited before we asked again  then she said she had none. I then questioned if it was possible to recieve the remainder of the igredients being the Woistershire Sauce  a slice of lemon. She said yes.Of course no feedback as to what was taking so long, i then went back up to the bar were the girls just looked at me  said no they didn't have the other ingredients.I can understand that many times its possible to run out of ingredients, as i work in hotels as well. I then asked to speak to a manager  was told there wasn't one, so then i tried for the supervisor, again there wasn't one. When the satay chicken came out, we asked for extra Satay sauce  were told no they don't do that. mmmmm don't do what???I strongly reccommend that with this useless staff working there seriously needs to be management cover on the weekends.I work in the industry  would be embarrassed to have this as my restaurant.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>In a word - pants! (ie This hotel is crap) I stayed at this hotel on business - it is one of 2 hotels in Amsterdam my company recommends/requires us to stay in due to a global contract. All I can say is this must be easy money for them as they are not working hard to maintain their relationship with the large multinational I work for....I came to Holland to attend a training course and I planned to spend 1 night in Amsterdam.I travelled from Asia so was looking for a nice clean place to rest and enjoy Amsterdam for the day if I felt up to it.All they had left when I booked 2 weeks ahead was an executive room for 250euros which seemed reasonable for the central location.When I arrived at the hotel at 8am on the Saturday I was advised that the exec room was not yet available but I could upgrade to a suite for 20Euros. This sounded good to me as I was keen to settle in after my long flight. I was provided with a key and given some directions to the room, this was in the older part of the hotel and involved several turns and descents of stairs before finally arriving at the 'suite' which was located at the bottom of a steep flight of stairs. On opening the door I was greeted by a stong smell of old carpets and I was not impressed with the condition of the rooms - the suite was dark and dingy and was at street level - facing one of the busiest streets in Amsterdam. Considering the depressing ambiance and lack of freshness of the room I decided to complain. I had read on a few websites that some of the rooms had not been refurbished and were of a much lower standard than the rest and this seemed to be one of them.The hotel staff were not helpful when I complained and they maintained that this room had recently been refurbished. After some discussion it turned out there are 2 areas of the hotel the new part is the garden wing, I was in the older part. After some persistence they offered to show me to another suite. This time a porter took me to the room and it was an improvement the first - brighter and on a higher floor so I agreed to move to it. After I had settled in I decided to have a shower and at this point I discovered there was a used towel hanging on the back of the door, nearby I also later discovered 2 large pieces of broken glass (from a tumbler) on the floor which I could have easily have stepped on. During the rest of my stay I also noted peeling wallpaper in some areas and in others the walls were covered with pencil scribbles - the room was better than the first but was still pretty tired looking.So in summary I found this hotel very disappointing for the 270Euros I spent on it. I find it amazing that this is one of only 2 hotels in Amsterdam city that my company has selected. When travelling all I'm looking for is a reasonable sized, clean room in a central part of the city and this hotel only has the central box ticked in my book. I do not believe my experience is atypical considering the 'relaxed' attitude of the staff - to be honest they were pretty rude.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel, come here!! We were nervous about coming here after reading the reports on here. However it wasnt that bad, infact i was pleasently surprised. Nice hotel, not a four star however it was clean, had tea and coffee facilities and the staff bent over backwards to help. I asked for some scissors so i could have a trim and they delivered them to our room within 3 minutes! But when you do go make sure you get the Executive room, i had this previously arranged and therefore missed any bad rooms there may of been. Our Double exec room was very large with a triple bed, i think you can get this for 10 Euros a night extra per room, worth it.If I came to Amsterdam again, I would definately stay here again. Right opposite Central Station which is 18 minutes away from the airport and its ONLY 3.20 Euros single per person to the airport, better than 37.50 Euros for a taxi stated! Make sure you take the train and its a grand hotel. Also try and stay in the new garden wing and there will be no complaints. This hotel is right in the centre of everything... p.s. This good stay was clouded over by reception trying to charge us the 20 Euros for the upgrade. When we checked in they moved us to the upgraded room as the garden wing didnt have what we were told. They assured us that this was complimentary and when we went to check out, well, they tried it on and we were having non of it and of course we didnt pay. But check everything, they may try it on  
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Skyryte
<Content>A beautiful Hotel We arrived May 15th for 3 nights stay and found exactly what we hoping for. From the airport we caught the train to Central Station which was a relativly short ride. Out the doors of the station and a look to the right finds the hotel. There is a 5 minute walk to the hotel where we found the staff very friendly and ready to help. We had booked a Superior Double Room and got every bit of it. We did have a small safe in the room which allowed the passports and cash along with camera equipment to be safe. The laptop was checked at the front desk wheere security kept it for us. The staff was always ready to point us in the right direction for anything we wanted. The hotel is a nice 5-10 minute walk to Dam Square where we found lots of shopping and food. Our room overlooked Central Station that is lively at all hours. We closed the window and heard nothing making for a good sleep.Directly accross the street we found the canal boats that took us all over the city which allowed very good sight-seeing in the short time we were there.The red light district is very close and a very different from anything we have here in the States, but worth a visit. Protect your wallet in that area, but we did not feel intimidated at all. There are a few bars in the area that I would not recommend visiting with the wife, but common sense should take over there.If, or should I say when, we visit Amsterdam again the Victoria is first on the list. The staff, including the porters, are very nice. We never touched our luggage. Although some may have found a different experience, ours was great. It is an older hotel, but that adds to the charm of the stay. Who would want to visit such a diverse old city as that and stay at a modern chain hotel? The Victoria gets two thumbs up here.The only bad comment I could make would involve the cost of the highspeed internet access. The cost is very high, but the front desk staff directed us to an internet cafe closeby that has very low cost access to send emails and keep in touch.  
<Date>May 31, 2004
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not 4* - basic but clean! My partner and I were very nervous about arriving at the Victoria after some of the terrible reviews we had read on this site!!!! We were pleasantly surprised considering what we were expecting, however, still very disappointed for what we paid for! The reception is very plush, and yes, everyone is very friendly, couldn't be more polite and it seems as though nothing would be too much trouble for them.A few bad points though...there is no mention of breakfast not being included in the price you pay for your stay, and, after asking at reception, we were informed breakfast is an additional 20 euros each per day!!! A bit pricey, far better off going down the street like we did!!The room was VERY basic, but also clean. There was no kettle however, if you want tea / coffee this can be ordered from room service, for 4 euros per pot! We didn't bother! There is a mini bar and safe in the room, the safe however could easily be carried out of the room. Also, one final complaint, there was a do not disturb sign on our door, I didnt want anyone in our room while we were out and as we were only staying two nights, assumed this wouldnt be a problem. However, when we returned, we noticed the maids had been in and re-made the beds, but had not however, replaced the dirty glasses!!All that said, I think some of the reviews on here are too harsh, and certainly most of them did not apply to our stay. I had a wonderful time in Amsterdam!!!So, to sum it up, nice hotel, DEFINITELY not worthy of a 4* rating, however this is due to the lack of facilities in the room, and nothing to do with the staff, who were more than helpful!!!  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful, Wonderful Hotel with lots of Charm We stayed in your hotel April 4  5, 2004. We had 11 people in our Party, My husband  I and our six son's ranging in age from 17 to 29, my sister in law and one girl friend. Your rooms were clean and very nice. It is definately a place I will stay again, when we come back to Amsterdam. We have family there. We enjoyed all the facilities. Thank you again for everything. Everyone was very helpful.  
<Date>May 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No complaints We stayed in the Victoria hotel for two nights and despite having a good look under beds etc. could find no fault with cleanliness.Decor is a bit dated but we didn't go to Amsterdam to sit in a room and discuss decor!Staff were very helpful and I would certainly recommend it to all. We would stay here on any future visit.It is well located for all amenities including transport.  
<Date>May 10, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>stayed 3 nights on 30 april 2004 -ok but not great I have been to amsterdam 5 times previous but this is the first time I have stopped at the victoria. I wouldnt say I would not stop here again but it would definitely not be my top choice. I booked the victoria because the hotel I usually stop in was full booked in fact most good hotels were booked due to queens day. The public places in the hotel are nice but the rooms are absolutely not of a 4 star standard they are dated but they are what I would call just OK. Please be aware though there was no indication that breakfast was not included and at the end of my stay I was presented with a 120 euro bill for 2 people having breakfast for 3 mornings. When we went in for breakfast we were not told that it would be 20 euros each and at check-in nothing was mentioned about extra charges for breakfast. Overall hotel OK but they are much better three star ones for less money with central location.  
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scottishtraveler
<Content>Bad We thought great hotel when we booked this via there website. We went 29th May to 31st May. This was our 4th Trip to the great city.When we got there. NOT a nice hotel at all. Our room was meant to be a superior room. It was small and dusty,not clean at all. We complained to the check in desk. The woman was rude and not helpful. When we did get help, they offered a suite for an extra 20 Euros a night. We looked at the suite, the room walls had kids drawing marks over then, it too was unclean,it had no view. Not worth any extra money.The problem was we had already paid, so had no choice to stay. Only 2 nights. The porter etc, didn't help us with our bags. Despite my girlfriend being disabled. All in all a very disappointed hotel.  
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Again Beware! This hotel is not like the glossy brochure pictures - the rooms are very small, no in-room safe, no trouser press, ancient air-con system that was loud and useless. The reception staff could not care less about our compaints and just kept shrugging that there was nothing else available. We paid a lot of money for a special holiday - and we ended up in the Victoria! After reading other messages about this hotel it appears that some rooms are lovely but BEWARE some are terrible. This hotel was most definately NOT a four-star.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location,, No good service We stayed at this hotel for 10 days. it is a very lovely hotel to look at and also a very nice sized room. Well thats about all that was good... Room service and the breakfast was way over priced. The room cleaners where very rude and pushy always hurried us to leave so they could clean Even on a terrible hang over day they made us leave to clean.. The only semi decent staff was at the front desk.. What a shame,, very nice hotel to look at but terrible to stay at..  
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a 4 star This is not a 4-star hotel, maybe 3. Nice hotel, but seems to need a renovation or a major cleaning. The outside and 1st floor look nice, but the rooms seem a bit dingy and European-typical small. Do not consider this hotel for a single room. All European single rooms are small, but this is ridiculous. My first room was a closet. The bathroom was literally larger than the room and I couldn't even turn around with my bags in my hands. After a call then a visit to the front desk expressing my concern that it was creating a claustrophobic reaction and the windows were painted shut, I finally was given another slightly larger single on a corner, which was barely adequate. The conditions of standard-size 2-person rooms was not any different, all seemed to have a musty moldy feel.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time Just come back from 3 days at the Victoria Hotel. Can't fault the hotel, the staff were so friendly the food excellent and the room much bigger than we had expected. The only small problem - the room took a while to get warm, the heating was a little noisy and slow to respond. The shower was superb, overall a really good base, lots of building work going on outside but no noise noticed inside the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>what is that smell Just back from 5 days in amsterdam. We stayed in the Victoria hotel. On arrival we booked in too early but the pleasant staff at the desk got the porters to store our bags so we could go site seeing as our room wasn't ready. Our room was clean but small but we were happy until the first morning when the stench from the bathroom was sickening. This was the same each morning. It smelt like raw sewage. YUCK YUCK YUCK!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice but needs some sprucing up The rooms were nice, but in need of some definite sprucing up. Nice duvets and damask sheets and a comfortable bed. Good water pressure in the bath. Nice lobby and restaurant (Vic's). But, the furniture in the rooms is kind of old and stained, as are the walls. No extras are included with the room - contrary to the Park Place ads (even the ones on the walls in the hotel). If you want fresh linens you have to request them and house keeping does the bare minimum. Additional charges for Turkish bath and sauna were news to me when I got there, so I didn't indulge (disappointing). We definitely appreciated the non-smoking rooms as things are quite smokey all around Amsterdam, and it was nice to get a break at night. We found the service friendly at reception. The concierge was helpful, but one got us to agree to a service fee for a canal ride by playing like we just weren't communicating well in English... Keep in mind, there are few lines into anything in February - at least during the week. So, use the concierge to get the info, but take care of buying the tickets yourself. The Victoria is in a great location: near the train station where you can easily catch the tram, or in one direction is Red Light, another is more quaint with shops and residential, another is the National Monument, etc. I guess overall, I'd say, I wish we'd gotten more for our money. I know things are expensive in a city and it seems our money went for the room alone. But I love extra touches when I'm traveling like good housekeeping, turndown service, and really clean well-kept rooms - we did NOT get that at the Victoria, but we were not unhappy, just disappointed. We did like the location, and they did have the best winter deal on the room rates.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bear2428
<Content>Great weekend OK, here goes. Following on from some pretty awful reviews I was very worried about staying here for my birthday weekend. I emailed the hotel and asked them to justify some of the reviews , I got an instant reply and it was explained that some rooms have not yet been refurbished under the current refurb scheme. I stated that I did not want to stay in a room that had not been subject to a makeover  Oh god we were not dissapointed! On arrival we had been upgraded to a one bed suite with the biggest bed I've ever slept in. The hotel staff were really helpful and friendly and nothing was too much trouble. We didn't eat or drink in the hotel due to other reviews. I did look in some rooms that were being refurbished on the Monday morning  they looked fine, although I wouldn't have been wanting to stay another day as there was a lot of noise. If I could pick a fault it would be the total lack of view, just the backs of houses not very scenic. Visited the Spa on the Monday morning and found it a pleasent experience. I would revisit this hotel, and book a room however would specifiy a refurbished one.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quality hotel We went here for Valentines weekend,had read of mixed reviews on the Victoria through tripadvisor,however the hotel was clean throughout,staff courteous and the hotel building and reception area were very grand. The hotel is very central to Dam sq, Centraal Station,Red light District,Anne Franks Huis,Shopping and Eateries.........when i go back to Amsterdam i will have no hesitation on booking the Victoria Hotel.......book it and enjoy  
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MarbleKane
<Content>Use the room safe. I've never used a hotel safe before. It's a necessity at the Victoria Hotel in Amsterdam. I made the mistake of leaving my cell phone out in the open and after housekeeping service, it was gone. The management refused to take responsibility. The one day I wanted to spend the afternoon relaxing in the room, housekeeping did not arrive until 5:15 p.m. (despite 5 calls to the front desk). Another day a dirty rag was left in the center of the bathroom floor. And the shampoo/conditioner was never replaced (despite a four night stay). We also missed a half day tour because the hotel staff sent us in circles. Four different people had four different opinions of where the pick up spot was located and it was the hotel that sponsored the tour. We did not receive a refund. Laundry, drinks, room service, breakfast buffet and honour bar are all incredibly over-priced. The room itself is very roomy and comfortable for Europe and the location is outstanding. The service, on the other hand, is on a par with Motel 6 (with Savoy prices). Try the Rennaisance Hotel just a few blocks away. It really is a four-star hotel.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad, but not great Just come back from a 3 night break in Amsterdam, where we stayed at the Victoria. The Hotel looks mightily impressive from the outside, but it doesn't quite live up to its exterior, nor its 4* rating, on the inside. Our room was clean and tidy and everything worked OK. However, there was a constant smell of rotten eggs in the bathroom (nothing to do with me I might add!) and room service was poor at best, and non-existant at worst. Our coffee/milk was not replaced in the whole time we stayed there. The bar and dining area is excellent and well-staffed. Indeed, on the whole I found all staff to be helpful, knowledgable, and friendly. Location-wise it is good too - just a short hop across from Centraal Station (where you will undoubtably be arriving) and close to bars and restaurants along the Damrak and beyond. Beware though, there is major construction work happening at the moment at the top of the Damrak - just across from the Hotel. The noise didn't disturb us much, but maybe that was because we were on the top floor of the hotel. Overall then, I'd recommend the place, but it is not worthy of its 4* rating in my honest opinion.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel! The hotel is good, clean, nice size rooms. When I arrived they gave me a room with twin beds. I had paid for a king - which they promptly switched me to. The staff want to please the guests and are quite courteous. In all - thumbs up!  
<Date>Feb 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Freckly68
<Content>A tale of two rooms Having stayed at the Victoria Hotel, I now understand why the reviews are so mixed. While my husband and I stayed in a small, dark room (one chair, no desk, no room to swing a cat), with no view, our friends had a room at least twice the size for the same price! The public areas are very nice and the staff are very pleasant but the rooms let it down badly. The decor is rather shabby, the furniture doesn't match and the bathroom was so small you had to get dry in the bath. This is not a four star hotel by any stretch of the imagination.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel, Great Location! Slight Problems. This was a nice hotel, everything was clean and the staff were exceptionally helpful. However we did encounter a couple of problems. When we arrived the room we had was very nice with a fantastic view of central station. We ate in the hotel brasserie that night and for two main courses and two desserts, plus two drinks the bill was about 拢40 which was slightly too expensive for what we recieved. Also after our first night we awoke with a huge amount of drilling and banging. I phoned down to reception who told me the room next door was being renovated, what a racket!!! They agreed quite quickly to give us another room, however we had to move to the other side of the hotel, to rooms which had not been refurbished, which were not as nice, smaller and had a bathroom that slightly smelled, also out lovely view had vanished, replaced with a tiny broken window with view of rooftops. Although it was quiet, which was the main thing. The pool was quite cold and small, without private changing cubicles. Which was a real disapointment, also you have to pay extra for use of the steam room or sauna. In addition the breakfast was 20 euros, which was certainly too expensive. We opted to go down to Barneys Breakfast bar instead, in which you got a great cooked breakfast and good music for 8 euros each. Anyway that was my conclusion about the Hotel, not bad considering we got our third night for free due to their winter offer.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>doirebhoy
<Content>City Break Hotel was okay - certainly not a 4 star, but ok. Breakfast at 20 euros was expensive. drinks were expensive, not only in the hotel but in most of the bars. Stay away from the Pizzeria down the street, the guy was a real con artist. He confused the order and ended up paying 70 euros for 2 mixed grills , pint of beer and glass of wine.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Christmas was a piece of cake! This year we left all the hassle of Christmas behind, chosing instead to head-off to the land of canals, clogs, and things too dubious to mention here! What a fantastic Christmas! No fuss, no falling out and definately no sprouts! The hotel was very nice, and in an ideal location, opposite the station at the top of the Dammrak. Some things were closed on Christmas Day, but the coffee houses, bars etc remained open all the same. We spent Xmas Eve doing the canal boat trip, and enjoyed the open air ice skating in Dam Square. The only cautionary note about our trip being that, as two females, even on the fringes of the red-light district we were hassled by blokes, God loves a tryer, and some of these chaps were just that! But dont let that put you off, as Amsterdam is a beautiful city full of contrasts, which everyone should experience at least once. Gutten hag!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing wrong with it Thought I would write a review in light of some of the comments here. We stayed in the Hotel Victoria for 3 nights in June 2003 and had a very enjoyable stay. The room was clean and well maintained. Great view of Central Station and an excellent location. Didn't use the resturant but the bar was nice and the service good. Would reccomend the Hotel Victoria for a great stay in Amsterdam, unless of course you are a fussy git like some people appear to be.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Swoodhall
<Content>Very Disappointing Stay I stayed here for the New Year celebrations in Amsterdam, The Hotel lobby, reception, bar and restaurants are very nice indeed, but when you go up to your room it is a different story.I was given a dark and dingy room, which had a window looking at a brick wall, but worst of all the previous occupant had vomited all over the carpet and this had not been cleaned up properly, so the stench was over powering.After complaining to be moved, I was given an air freshener can, and told I will not be able to be moved till the next day.When I was moved the next day, I was the given a executive room which was bigger and had a view of central station. This room was a smoking room so not a very pleasant for smell for a non-smoker. I was happier with this room regardless of the cigarette smell.During the first night in the new room I heard some scratching around over near the tea and coffee making facilities. The next day I found that something had been nor ring through the sachets of creamer.I came to the conclusion that there were mice living in the room with me, after finding droppings and loads of empty chewed up creamer sachets behind the sofa.This hotel is a bit on the expensive side for the quality of its services.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Go Don't bother with the Victoria Htl, we took it since it offered prices of a 4 star thinking it was a 5 star It is though in a good location. When you arrv thinking you have a 4 star room you find a dingy old room that needs redoing! They will though upgrade you to a suite if you pay 20 eursos more a night, arrv at night leaves you no choice since most of us prepay htl with expedia or internet booking We had original price of 110per night pls tax and now had to pay 135 ttc , the room then is very big and nice looking a little closer you see that the upholstery on chairs is ripped and ink and or other marks, towels disgustingly dirty no refills of amenity shampoo and condit bottles, and try to tell the staff about it, you ll just get yelled at!! Try another hotel.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>no problem with me I hesitated to book a room in this hotel because of the mixed opinions posted below, but I went on to reserve one mainly because of its location (undoubtedly the closest hotel from the central station). As it turned out, it was a pleasant stay. The lobby was great, the staffs were kind, the room was spacious and clean, equipped with a table and a separate study desk. The breakfast was rather expensive (20euro), so I chose to get food outside.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JimCap
<Content>Very disappointed- Not a four star in my book I expected a lot more for a four star hotel (as it was billed on every website I looked at.) This hotel is in a good location but the room was small, dark and cramped, with the smallest bathroom I've probably ever seen. Very disappointed and it did not meet my expectations, especially for the price.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would not recommend Stayed here recently and their idea of a 4* and mine are difinately different. Room looked nothing like the expedia picture, no coverlet and bed linen was not changed in the 3 days we stayed there.Enterance hall was lovely but don't be fooled by the Superior room this is the basic room.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really a dump but... Location, location, location! Situated directly across from Centraal Station and close to everything. However the rooms are small, musty and unappealing. The hotel lobby is very nice and was recently upgraded but as soon a you go upstairs it's clear that they should have invested in upgrading the rooms too! Not worth the price.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Seemed fine to me   showReview(1133714, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mfhstid
<Content>Underrated and can be good value   showReview(1109280, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>stay elsewhere   showReview(1072984, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>look elsewhere   showReview(908441, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 5, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>2 Weeks in Amsterdam...   showReview(854676, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>look at the room before you accept it   showReview(837602, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5 star hotel at 4 star prices   showReview(727416, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fine hotel in a fun town   showReview(722441, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A+++ Excellent Hotel   showReview(644546, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>noire01
<Content>comodo,un quattro stelle nella media.   showReview(22653734, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>AngelDavidRoma
<Content>centrale   showReview(22410240, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儬銈广儐銉儉銉犻銇弽瀵惧伌銇亗銈嬨儧銉嗐儷   showReview(22855936, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Hoshinohoshiko
<Content>椐呰繎   showReview(21174216, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lo mejor del hotel es su...   showReview(20890776, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima sistemazione   showReview(19633798, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>rapport qualit茅 prix moyen   showReview(19633796, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>DLT__1977
<Content>Casi perfecto   showReview(19007840, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>C'est d茅fintivement mon point de chute 脿 Amsterdam   showReview(19633795, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien situ茅   showReview(19633794, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>zentraler gehts nicht   showReview(19633793, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un peu d茅莽u pour un h么tel quatre 茅toiles mais excellente situation de l'h么tel   showReview(18523393, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>pas terrible pour un h么tel de luxe   showReview(18523392, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un peu d茅莽u   showReview(18523389, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione, personale molto gentile, peccato che si paga una tassa per ogni giorno di soggiorn   showReview(17430575, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>XavierHabsheim
<Content>Un h么tel 脿 茅viter !!!!   showReview(17094790, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	4	2	3	1	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon h么tel en g茅n茅ral, mais attention 脿 la carte clef, ne marche pas souvents   showReview(16602556, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>GERNE WIEDER   showReview(16602555, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Mauvais rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(15567978, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>椐呫伀銇繎銇勩仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19170204, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Il confort nel cuore di Amsterdam   showReview(14726055, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>entt盲uschend   showReview(13977944, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un tr猫s bon hotel 脿 recommander sans h茅sitation   showReview(13977945, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>椐呭墠銇究鍒┿仾绔嬪湴   showReview(19168303, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo ed in ottima posizione   showReview(13190903, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(13190902, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top-Lage f眉r Bahnreisende   showReview(13190906, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Parties communes de l'hotel Superbe !! mais pas les chambres 1er prix !!   showReview(13190899, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres bien placee!   showReview(13190898, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wer Kaugummis am Bett mag   showReview(13190896, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Si nous allons encore 脿 Amsterdam je n'hesite pas de retourner   showReview(13190897, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>pour profiter d'amsterdamen en tr猫s peu de temps   showReview(13190901, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>OTTIMO RAPPORTO QUALITA'-PREZZO   showReview(18523394, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El hotel estaba muy bien...   showReview(12651968, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11661001, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Preis contra Leistung   showReview(11661000, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Standard Hotel in g眉nstiger Lage   showReview(11660998, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sera a nouveau mon h么tel 脿 amsterdam la prochaine fois!   showReview(11660997, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Icaroo
<Content>Nessun valore per il prezzo   showReview(8840802, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	5	3	3	1	3	

<Author>Madrid-Nano
<Content>Excelente situaci贸n. Buena relaci贸n calidad-precio   showReview(8607779, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	3	5	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tyres bon hotel bien place pres de la gare   showReview(11440452, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super gut. Amsterdams bestes City Hotel   showReview(11424306, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ideale Lage f眉r eine Stadterkundung   showReview(11406208, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo Hotel.   showReview(11395052, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournons.   showReview(11395051, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>strategico elegante merita le sue 4 stelle   showReview(11385143, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(11350688, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un h么tel luxueux 脿 l'accueil moyen   showReview(11350687, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閴勯亾椐呫伀杩戙亸銆併偒銉娿儷...   showReview(21800923, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Essendo in ristrutturazione la...   showReview(11412915, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bellissimo hotel, ottimo per...   showReview(11412916, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>C'est un tres bel hotel,bien...   showReview(11412918, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fedele alla presentazione su...   showReview(11412919, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon albergo in ottima posizione   showReview(11412920, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>PURTROPPO LA COLAZIONE NON E...   showReview(11412921, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel tr猫s bruyant...   showReview(11412923, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2004
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 猫 ottimo sia come...   showReview(11412925, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel muy viejo y carisimo, hay...   showReview(11412926, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2004
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 猫 vicino alla stazione...   showReview(13775912, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon rapporto qualit脿-prezzo...   showReview(13775910, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 茅 eccezionale...   showReview(13775868, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'albergo 猫 in una posizione...   showReview(11412927, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2003
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Te cobran city tax sin previo...   showReview(11412929, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2003
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Rispetto al prezzo indicato da...   showReview(11412928, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2003
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buono in rapporto a qualita...   showReview(11412931, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2003
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>SICURAMENTE UN ALBERGO DI...   showReview(11412930, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2003
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓ぎ椐呫伄鐪熷悜銇嬨亜銇儴...   showReview(19920692, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>E' un ottimo albergo solo che...   showReview(11412932, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel Victoria 猫 veramente un...   showReview(11412933, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2003
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Meistens ist gut,aber die...   showReview(12650228, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2003
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>2002骞?2鏈?0...   showReview(19916432, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

