<Author>ProfessorOfTravel
<Content>Getting the facts straight about this resort My wife, two sons, daughter-in-law, and I just returned from a week at this property. We had booked it because of what was written in the AMEX Platinum card book. We then saw some of the very negative reviews on the tripadvisor site. So here are the facts about the place. The property is at the end of a strip of beaches and the last bit of road is indeed a not well kept dirt road. But so what? Get with the program. If you want an isolated, beautiful spot, then don't expect it to be an exit on the interstate. The transportation from the airport, arranged by the hotel, was outstanding. We were greeted by an excellent staff, warmly and with true friendliness. Altogether we had three rooms. We moved two of them because of a non-working air conditioner and the wrong choice of beds. But no big deal. We have done that at the Plaza in NYC. The best thing about the place is the small number of rooms, the lack of pressure to do anything but relax, and the wonderful staff - all very friendly, albeit not too many of them spoke English well. As Americans, we were outnumbered by many Europeans, including Russians (!), and that was fine. People were friendly, quiet, and pleasant. The wines, many from Chile and Argentina, were excellent. We had pre-paid our meals - there are only three restaurants - which gave us no charges for any food or beverage at the room, restaurants, or pool. They made money on us, since we are not big drinkers or eaters, but that made it quite pleasant. The beach was quite clean, but in between the hotel properties, there was indeed a lot of trash that had washed up. The manager told us that they had contemplated something like the Adopt a Highway plan that we have for our roads but that the DR was not ready for such. In all, I highly recommend this place. A few other comments: the spa is well equipped but the deep tissue person had no idea what that meant. The pool is beautiful. The beaches and room plunge pools, lounge chairs, etc. were great. The room lighting was insufficient. There was no hot water once, but it recovered quickly. The room service stocking was less than acceptable on occasion - they ran out of snacks if you can believe that. The towel service in the room was excellent, including evening turn-down. The food was quite good - but after a week lacked in variety. Especially good was the meat - steak and lamb both excellent. The breakfasts were not up to expectations for a so-called four-star property - they still have to learn how to do proper pastries, rolls - they could benefit from a good pastry chef. The waitstaff often confused our order until we found the right English-speaking person. Carlos from Mexico was outstanding - look for him. One of my sons is a demanding diner - requiring special foods - and they did a GREAT job accommodating him. In short - I DO recommend this place if you like a quiet, beautiful, getaway and can leave your East Coast demanding personality at home.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marcoaz
<Content>Tropical Paradise       poolside  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>globetrekkers2000
<Content>great value and private My husband and I are used to very luxurious resorts. Where the sivory may lack in beach service (no chilled towels, fruit, sorbets brought to you like other high end resorts) it is made up for in privacy with a very natural setting and the prices are obviously less than most high end places so we found it was a great value for the services provided. They had bottled water in your refrigerator refilled every day at no charge and a continental tray left at your door each morning. We stayed in the plunge pool room and it was perfect. They went the extra mile for my birthday by bringing a cake out after dinner in the restaurant to our total suprise which was delicious. I had some questions before staying and was helped by a very sweet woman by the name of Magdalena who sent another email to see if we were there yet.I only have 2 cons- gym should open earlier than 10am and be maintained better. The ride over was long and bumpy..take the helicopter!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PepaHolanda
<Content>MAGICAL My husband and I have just returned from a wonderful 4-night stay at the Sivory, and we almost didn't want to return home! It was truly a most magical experience. The suite villa we stayed in was well-appointed with a romantic king-size canopy bed, 2 showers (outdoors and indoors), an outdoor jacuzzi, sun beds, and a special area by the beach. Our housekeeper did a great job of keeping the villa clean and tidy.We spent our time just lazing by the beach on our sun beds reading or watching the ocean, or floating about on the water on the pool. The food at Sivory was fantastic, even for fussy eaters like my hubby and I. There was good selection at the breakfast and lunch menus. The drinks at the bar were also fairly priced for a 5-star resort. We also did a massage session at the spa, which I thought was reasonably priced. The massage therapists were really good at massaging our tense muscles, and it was definitely money well spent!In all, cliche as it may sound, it was truly a perfect holiday - a dream come true! The resort exceeded our expectations in terms of service and facilities, and the attention to detail was truly impressive. I would definitely return to the resort again!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WinoMaine
<Content>True Wine Lovers Paradise Stayed at the Sivory Punta Cana January 2008. My husband and I are in the wine business and needed an escape. First vacation we had taken in 15 years not in a wine growing region. It was perfect...great beach...nice rooms...good staff...most of all an amazing wine cellar. If you truly love wine, the selection and finds on this list are exceptional. You can have access to the list (in the higher end french restaurant) in all of the other restaurants. We tend not to go back to the same place but this is back on our list.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>J_lt
<Content>Good, but can improve       The beach  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>MariaBarcelona_Spain
<Content>Fabulous boutique resort in Punta Cana       sun set  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>rok1124
<Content>Big Disappointment       THE BEACH  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	1	2	2	2	1	

<Author>BarcelonaNuria
<Content>Amazing!! We stayed in a junior suite, room 83, for two nights. At the end I told my husband to forward my mail to Sivory, because I wasn't leaving. I've traveled over much of the world and stayed in many hotels, and this is one of the best I've ever enjoyed. It is expensive, but it is well worth it for the fantastic beach, the quiet location, and the terrific staff. If you can spring for the few extra bucks, stay in this hotel. You will not regret it, and may wind up selling the kids and moving in for good.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>katzenbe
<Content>Exceeded all our expectations We had our wedding and honeymoon at the Sivory in April 2008 and every aspect of the trip was exceptional. The staff at the Sivory, especially the property manager O'Neill and the events manager Katarzyna, were fantastic. Our wedding turned out even better than we had hoped for - the rehearsal, ceremony, and reception were perfect! We had a large group of people at the wedding too and everyone had a wonderful time. Overall, there isn't a single complaint about our stay. I would go back again anytime.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jdldore
<Content>Don't Leave the Resort We stayed at the Sivory Punta Cana in early May 2008and purchased the Sivory all-inclusive Plan. We loved the rooms, the pool, and the all-inclusive service, but did not like the remote location of the hotel or the uncomfortable dirt road on which it is located. Overall, I would recommend this hotel for short three or four day vacations and would caution people going to the Sivory not to leave during their stay. The Good: The rooms and bathrooms are truly beautiful. While the beds are a little stiff for my taste, they are huge and deep. We had an ocean view and sat out on our private veranda every evening watching the sun set and the palm trees sway in the breeze. The pool is also very pretty and and the bartender by the pool will make just about any drink one could possibly imagine. The restaurants make very good food -- especially the Asian fusion restaurant and the fresh fruit is delicious. We loved having a breakfast brought to our room every morning and really liked the coffee. Finally, we loved the limited contact we had with other guests. The rooms are located in two-story villas with three or four rooms per villa and we never saw or heard our neighbors. This was perfect for our romantic vacation. The Average:The service is spotty. The staff is very friendly, but also not very fast. We often had to wait over an hour for our room service to come and it was usually missing something. The food on the whole is average. The room service food is not good at all, but the two specialty restaurants -- one French and one Asian fusion -- prepare food that is quite good. The main restaurant serves a decent, but not great, breakfast and the bar food is bar food. The Bad: My primary complaint was that the hotel is really far away from the Punta Cana airport and that the last thirty minutes of the drive are on an extremely uncomfortable dirt road. It's probably only seven or eight miles long, but it is pocked with hundreds of deep holes meanign that and cars can only drive five or ten miles per hour and must stop and swerve to avoid them every fifty or one-hundred yards. On a related note, we decided to go snorkeling on our second (and last) full day at the hotel. The concierge recommended a trip. While he told us that we would have to take a car to the location, he also assured us that it was nearby. It took 90 minutes to get to the location -- part of it on that potholed road -- and we were driven in an open air pick-up truck with benches, making the ride that much less comfortable. We were only allowed to snorkel for thirty minutes, so our three-hour drive was for almost nothing. Finally, the concierge told us that we needed only about three hours to get on our return flight. Those of you who leave on Sunday should note that this was not our experience. We made the plane, but only because we skipped the last two lines. The airport was incredibly crowded, with almost every plane leaving within a two-hour window, and we had to sit in no five lines (export control, plane tickets, customs, security, and the final airline line). Give yourselves four-and-a-half hours and you should be fine. Otherwise, you might end your vacation on a bit of a stressful note.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	4	3	2	

<Author>Ribbetteach
<Content>Welcome! Relax!       The view from the bed, of our private plunge pool and the ocean  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Futuro123
<Content>Amada ! In Spanish the name Amada means the loved one. My husband and I were greeted on our arrival by a beautiful and charming woman whose name is Amada. By the end of our two week stay, we both felt like we were the loved ones. This exquisite, elegant and yet marvelously casual Caribbean one-of- a- kind fantasia is a special get-away for those who desire natural beauty, the sounds of the ocean, birds, wind in the palm trees, perfection in wines, meals, and pampering such as flower strewn bubble bath jacuzzis nightly. The Sivory is a place where your dreams come true. It is a place for love. This gem is a well kept secret of the the international jet-set and famous celebrities who vacation in complete privacy and security. If you want to feel loved and so well taken care of, the Sivory is the place for you. We're going back to celebrate our anniversary in a few months and can't wait.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mcrwino24
<Content>5 Stars...We Love Sivory! 5 Stars ***** We Love Sivory!My wife and I just returned from a week鈥檚 vacation at Sivory and absolutely loved it!We booked our trip through LuxuryLink.com and had a great experience.Once our reservation was booked I contacted Magdalena at Sivory who was very helpful in securing the details of our visit including reserving our helicopter transfer to the resort, spa reservations and reserving a room upgrade鈥hank you Magdalena!After arriving into the Punta Cana airport our helicopter guide was waiting for us and transferred us immediately to the helicopter (a nice way to arrive right on the beach with a Champagne greeting)! Once at Sivory we were whisked away to our room (Isla Bonita Suite) and given the grand tour of the room and entire property鈥hen it was time to relax!If you are looking for privacy I recommend the Isla Bonita/Honeymoon Suites as they are the most secluded and private rooms on the property, located on the northern end of the estate. The beach there is beautiful and you will have it all to yourselves! The Ysla Bonita suites are a mere 2 minute walk to the pool, restaurants, spa and lobby.The food was fantastic but the staff was even better. Juan Pierre is the passionate do-it-all Sommelier at Sivory, he will take care of all your wine needs with class! You will feel like royalty at Sivory as the staff really wants you to relax and enjoy yourselves. Juan, Jose, Rafael, and countless other including the owner/GM Carmen are there for your pleasure.The Spa at Sivory is an intimate oasis of peacefulness and relaxation. Candida and Lourdes are fantastic, thank you ladies!Will we go back鈥bsolutelyDo we recommend Sivory Punta Cana鈥bsolutely!Warning: Sivory Punta Cana is not for everyone鈥?br/>If you are interested in nightlife, try Las Vegas,If you want shopping, try Manhattan.If you expect typical, boring American cuisine, try Cracker Barrel. However, if you are looking for the perfect tropical hideaway to be with the one you love with great food, great wine, great service, a great spa, and a friendly staff鈥?br/>Sivory Punta Cana is for you, enjoy!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tom_ford
<Content>Made up and then some Having written a horrible review about this hotel with the mix up over the booking for my honeymoon i thought it only fair to review it again now i have stayed. O'neill (the hotel manager) is one of the nicest people you will ever meet he could not have been more helpful or polite. Our stay there was unbelievable the rooms are absolute top class, food was great, some really nice personal touches to make your stay even nicer like an early morning breakfast outside your door for when you wake up.We are so glad that we opted to go to Sivory for the start of our honeymoon we had no problems waiting for food or waiting for anything in fact! people who complain about the bugs!?? its the bahamas you will get bugs if you dont want them go to tenerife. Also this is a remote place so if you are looking for relaxation  seclusion this place is definatley the right place to go!, Golden sands and the ocean on your door step we couldn't have asked for more.this is to be the best holiday of my life and im so happy we managed to experience Sivory had we not our honeymoon would have been all the poorer for it!  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JackAtlanta
<Content>Romantic Hideaway My wife and I have just returned from a great stay at SivOry Punta Cana. I can only tell you we found any negative review of this property to be mostly unfounded. Yes, to achive the privacy  seclusion SivOry strives for, it is located at the end of an unpaved road. However, I have been on worse roads in the Carribean. The reception area, the rooms and the grounds are lovely and well maintained. Our suite was well designed and quite comfortable (the AC works great). While it 's a somewhat small pool, it's a small hotel. The pool area like every other area of the hotel is beautiful and well maintained. The staff was friendly and attentive. The food was great- some of the best we've had in the Carribean. The hotel is purposely remote and quiet. That was fine with us. It gave us the opportunity we wanted to enjoy the beach and the water and to relax  recharge our batteries. We would reccommend this hotel without reservation to any one looking for a quiet, romantic hideaway. I will concede that the hotel could a better job of policing the beach. One word of caution-there's bug spray provided in your suite, use it. The no-seeums are ferocious. A small price to pay for a wonderful stay.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PinkManChe
<Content>Average at Best Where do I start? We just returned from the resort yesterday and couldn't wait to write this review. We chose this resort largely because of it's seclusion and was looking for rest and relaxation. I'll break this review down into categoriesLocation - the resort is the last of all the resorts in northern most part of the Punta Cana strip. It is approximately an hour and a half from Punta Cana airport. Traveling by car is very uncomfortable given the poor conditions of the roads - pot holes, rough roads. I would recommend the helicopter flight to the resort, but this service is very unreliable given its tardiness.Excursions are a distance away, but i'm guessing that's the point for this resort as i'm thinking seclusion is the idea.Food - I have to agree with one of the reviewers in that the food is very dormitory. There are three restaurants with all the food being nearly the same. The asian theme restaurant serves nothing remotely resembling asian cuisine. You'd be lucky if you got exactly what you ordered. A hint to the hotel management - 90% of your clientele is english speaking. It would be a good idea to hire english speaking servers.Spa - $400 for two facials!?!?! Mosquitos - need I say more? Spraying the ground would be a good idea. We stayed at Tides Riviera Maya last fall. Set in the jungle and not a single mosquito bite. A day at Sivory - 28 bites on one foot. The leg is another story. Consider purchasing insect repellant.Rooms - Very contemporary. Well appointed. Would not recommend staying in the lower rooms as the people upstairs have full view of what you are doing in the plunge pool. Ocean view is hardly a view of the ocean since palm trees obstruct most of the view. Hot water needed adjusting.Service - what service? No one checks on you while you are at the pool or laying on the beach. Takes longer than usual to get room service. 24 hour room service lags after 9pm. Scenery - as usual for a tropical resort. The resort does nothing to enhance the scenery. Infiniti pool is dirty. Not refreshing. Unusually warm.Overall the resort is a far cry from the four diamond award they have hanging at the concierge desk.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>2	3	5	4	3	3	2	4	

<Author>texas_sandnsun
<Content>Nice but problems Our problems started at the airport. Our luggage did not arrive for over 24 hours. We unfortunately did not pack any extra clothes or toiletries in our carry on, which was our mistake. The taxi service offered to take us to somewhere to buy a few items. We arrived at a typical tourist shopping area, which was closed. The store owners opened the stores for us. We then were sold a couple of T-shirts that were at least 3x what I would have expected to pay. The taxi driver was then given a kickback from the store owners. The whole situation made us uncomfortable, but we felt obligated to purchase the items and in no position to negotiate. We then continued on the road to the hotel. The earlier reviews discuss the conditions of the roads. The roads are not marked and would be difficult to manage in a rental car. The road was reasonable for most of the trip. A short distance leading to Sivory was a bumpy gravel road, but overall tolerable. Once we arrived at Sivory we were welcomed. The staff were very friendly. The hotel was nice. The pictures on the website are very accurate. The beach outside Sivory is beautiful. However, you are cautioned not to walk further north because people can be mugged along that stretch. We had wonderful strolls to the south of the property. There are areas that could use improvement between the semi-groomed hotel properties. There were areas with lots of trash along the beach. You can walk along the beach to other hotels. The Sivory is isolated but not completely. The hotel is very focused on service. . . almost to a fault. Our lost luggage finally arrived. My husband went to retrieve the luggage. The staff told him not to take it and allow them to bring it to the room. Thirty minutes later we still did not have our luggage. That may seem harsh, but we had been without our clothes and toiletries for 36 hours. We were getting desperate. He went back to the lobby and got the luggage, which was just sitting there unattended. We were finally starting our vacation. The pool was very nice. We had a very relaxing time, reading and lounging by the beach and pool. The food was good. It is a bit overpriced but at least good quality. We also had difficulty with checkout charges. We had the European plan. Breakfast was included. We had kept our receipts to track our spending. The final itemized charges were all listed under the same restaurant and with the subtotals. Occasionally, when you did not receive a receipt from the bar or a restaurant. We were not provided with an itemized list until our taxi arrived. We did not have time to go through each one, but I am suspicious that we were overcharged. If you choose to go to this hotel, I recommend obtaining an itemized list from the desk the night before. Also, when you arrive you have to provide a credit card and sign for $500 charge, which I though would be applied to the final bill. Instead, you have to get that credited back. There were a few great things though. They leave coffee, juice, and pastries at you door in the a.m. We had no problems with the wireless internet service. Our hotel room was in great working order. We would not return to the Sivory, but it could be a great place for a romantic vacation, particularly if you can afford the Sivory meal plan ($150/person per day). We did not eat or drink nearly that much. Overall good but challenging experience.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	2	4	4	4	4	

<Author>treemoran
<Content>Dorm-like food, dampers a paradise revisited... My wife and I stayed at the Sivory Punta Cana in April of 2007 in for our Honeymoon and found it to be an amazing experience. Upon returning this week (April 08') we have experienced much of the same joy. I feel it is important to recognize that we have celebrated both our honeymoon and 1-year anniversary at the Sivory. So as you can imagine we arrived on both occasions in great spirits. The high point of the trip is the room for it has a number of modern ammenities and is quite large compared to what you find in the states. The shower is glorious, the bed comfortable and two couches are available for in-room lounging. The chaise chairs available on the balcony allow for you to listen to the waves and read a book or perhaps use the wireless internet as I am now. The pool is great, however the (2) times I went swimming this week I found myself removing leaves as I swam. Not sure what it was like last year but the pool is very much under their control as opposed to others complaints about the beach and choppy waters. The staff is by far the best I have ever experienced and I spend 100+ days a year on the road. My wife would guess that we encountered over (25) staff while spending (7) days in paradise this week and they have all felt like friends and family. We mostly relaxed, played tennis, worked out, and enjoyed Mojitos. All is well and I will attempt to give constructive criticism and compliments where necessary. On both occasions we purchased our package through Luxury LInk which included breakfast, a four course dinner and various spa treatments well below the face value. I will begin by addressing the Spa, the staff is extremely courteous, however as someone mentioned their training and knowledge is on the lighter end of the scale. We received pedicures, manicures, exfoliation treatments and an (1) hour massage during our recent stay and enjoyed them all. However, if I were to pay the face value for any of those treatments I would have been disappointed - mainly because I'm cheap. The reality is many of the services (food, beverages  spa treatments) are not worth the advertised cost - such is life!The food is the greatest area of concern for if you are staying more than (3) days then you ned to bring your own personal chef. I believe the Chef's are better classified as Cooks versus actual Chefs. The food is very average if not disappointing at times. The staff however is so amazing that you give the Cooks a pass. The price of the food however is absolutely ridiculous. They force individuals to purchase the meal plan and which ultimately leads to individuals eating (poor food) and drinking (great Mojitos) all day to trying to get their dollar's worth. The breakfast is easily the best meal of the day however, breakfast who can't make eggs, hash browns and sausage. The menus as someone touched on earlier are the same dishes that were on the menu as last year. None of this would be a problem if they didn't bill themselves as serving art cuisine' and asking entirely too much for dorm-like food. Again, the staff is amazing and I suspect that native Chef's of Punta Cana may not know the difference for they have never left their country. Where would they go to be trained? Who would conduct the training? (another native of Punta Cana) To end a long story, the flavors could be much better as the presentation is very art-like however the food is extremely poor and the selection is limited. After (3) days you are out of options as we ate possibly (5) bacon cheeseburgers last year. This year I will add that I asked for Fried Chicken (I'm a southern boy) and French Fries on my birthday and they happily obliged. Today as well we made a request completely off the menu and unique to Texas and they did a great job of re-creating the dish based on our explanation. The moral of the story if you are disenchanted with the selection - offer your own suggestions for they truly due aim to please!My wife and I truly love the staff and will come back on our (5th year anniversary) simply to re-live our first (2) experiences and see how things are going for it feels like family when you are at the hotel. I am going to miss everyone and hope they are able to maintain their level of service for I foresee many issues arising over the coming years. Hotels are high-maintenance are its remote location and limitations in a country such as the Dominican Republic present challenges. It will continue to deteriorate before I see them upgraded or improving for the hotel is less than (3) years old. I can't conclude without recognizing the cab ride. The drivers take on the road like no one I have ever seen and I have been to New York over (30) times. My wife and I thought we would die or at least (7) times on in route to the hotel. We only hope our travel back to the airport is less eventful. Note: Bring as many snacks as possible for a bottle of wine and your favorite snack is the perfect substitute for a meal at any of the three restaurants. If you are traveling to the Sivory Punta Cana have a wonderful time for as you may have noted above we will be back!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>peasnlov
<Content>Relaxation is spelled SIVORY PUNTA CANA!       shells on the beach  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>beachbather
<Content>What a shame, this hotel did not live up to our previous experience We recently returned to Sivory after having an incredible vacation back in 2007. Unfortunately, this property has gone downhill. I don鈥檛 know if it has changed owners, managers, or what the difference is, but our vacation this time was a complete let down. The staff is as friendly as ever, even though most of the faces were not the same, the employees were still very helpful and kind. The most obvious difference we noticed was the general upkeep of the hotel. The gardens look completely unattended, which is strange, since they had told us last year that they were in the process of re-designing the entire landscape. Frankly, it was in the same state of dishevel as our last visit, and really give a bad first impression of the hotel. The beach has also gone downhill, alternating between high surf with brownish water, to days that it was completely unusable as it had so much debris it made it undesirable to even go swimming. Only on occasion did they rake the surf line in the mornings, and it had large logs and driftwood. We also were dissappointed to find that the menus in the various restaurants were exactly the same as our last visit. The food is delicious, but we got tired of the same limited choices as the last time we were there, and were forced to go to the hotel next door (Agua) to look for some variety. Unfortunately, it was definitely not an improvement, and we did not return. Our room was probably the worst in things that have not been maintained. Lights not working, internet access not working, mildewy smell, scratched and stained wood furniture, dirty windows, amenities not complete, towels threadbare in places, lumpy pillows, it was not even close to what we had enjoyed during our prior visit. On a happy note, we did take a horseback riding tour on the beach, and that was probably the highlight of our trip, something we would repeat it if we ever planned to visit the area again (which I doubt). We did spend one day in the spa, but we found it to be overpriced and the therapists inexperienced, so we did not return. This whole trip which was intended to be a romantic getaway, but basically overall turned out to be a huge dissapointment.If you are looking for an isolated hotel with friendly workers, this is the place to be, we love it鈥檚 distant location from the mega all-inclusives, but it鈥檚 not likely that we will return a third time to Sivory, as for the price we paid, we have lost our confidence that it will be better our next visit.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	2	1	2	4	1	

<Author>terri4422
<Content>A GREAT PLACE FOR SOME MUCH NEEDED "DOWN-TIME" My partner and I have very stressful jobs and found our stay at Sivory the perfect place for some much needed down-time. Upon arrival via helicopter we were greeted by warm smiles and two glasses of bubbly... Our suite was beautifully decorated in a contemporary style. Just large enough to have space and small enough to feel intimiate. There is no night life at Sivory so if you are looking for quiet evenings to share with that special someone, this is the place. On the downside the beach was only accessible 2 of our 6 days. The waves were too rough to allow us to swim, the debris from the rough water made the beach unattractive. The local horse back riding was a pleasant way to spend the afternoon, however the trail left a lot to be desired. Not much to see. The food and service at Sivory was top notch. My advise to travelers headed to Sivory, pack a good book, and be prepared to spend countless hours doing nothing. There are no activities other than those you create for yourself. You will be forced to relax. If you want a break from the pricey meals at Sivory head up the beach to the local spot for friendly service and great food. Speaking Spanish would be helpful!!! Bugs... no bug problem!!!! Overall we found Sivory to be secluded and sexy....  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rishi_Miami
<Content>A little bit of Polynesia in the Caribbean Sivory in summary is the ultimate escape from all that ails you in this fast paced world of ours. I came here with my wife and I can highly recommend this to be the place for couples and families looking to re-connect/re-energize themselves without the help of a therapist.We both work and travel quite often and the wife and I needed a vacation to be with each other, to rekindle that youthful vigour we once had when we were younger. We sure found it at Sivory.At check in were greated with champagne and the cool scented towels of the the carribbean. Great start, especially with ease at check in and the attention paid to us by the whole welcome staff. The hotel manager was a quite charming fellow. The staff always seemed to know ahead of time of our needs...really cool. Not intrusive at all.We proceeded to our room...WOW! Impeccable. I am a bit OCD and need things clean and new. I had no problems here.This place got us away from the computers/TVs/phones/parties that would normally distract a romantic getaway. We walked along the private beach for a picnic lunch the hotel packed for us and had total seclusion (about 1/2 mile up from the hotel). This place is so conduscive to romance. The staff were super attentive. We never had to compete with other guests for attention. All our needs were met. For a bunch of foodies, we were impressed (8/10) with the food. Excellent food for the carribbean. I would call it a semi-gourment menu. With that said, take the all inclusive meal plan, it is so worth the price with food and wine and the rest...The spa services were excellent. The hands and the environment were great as well...a must do when you are there. The spa is a great place to spend the day as well.This hotel is great for honeymooners who are not looking for wild antics and just look for the peaceful seclusion we need. I highly recommend this is a well bargained priced (Ritz like in Santo Domingo) escape.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sunchan
<Content>Not worth visiting again anytime soon We recently returned from Sivory Punta Cana after a romantic getaway with my wife. I have to say that we were a bit dissappointed with what the accommodations and the country in general. We have traveled to the islands for many years now, but this was our first visit to the Dominican Republic. I can honestly tell you that we would likely not return either to Sivory or even this island. We found it very lacking in so many ways. The ocean is warm, but the waves were high and not safe for swimming, and the beach had alot of debris. This was a big change from what we are used to in the Caribbean, and expected the calm beautiful seas of the normal Caribbean vacation. Perhaps this was because Sivory was not actually located in Punta Cana, we found that it was much further North than we had realized (over 1 hour on horrible roads), so perhaps that is our fault, as we should have done more homework on it's exact location. When we got to the hotel, there seemed to be some confusion about our reservation, but luckily that was cleared up quickly. The room was impressive when we first entered, but after we began to look around, it got less and less adequate. The view was obscured of the ocean, the plunge pool was more like a bathtub (with NO view of the ocean), the windows could not be opened at all in any part of the room which we found very strange, and little things didn't work such as our doorbell, our internet or our voicemail. Not a big deal, but for a $500 a night luxury hotel, it just seemed that this shouldn't have been an issue. We requested some of the things be fixed, but that never happened either, but since it wasn't the end of the world, we did not insist, so maybe that is our fault too. The restaurants gave outstanding service, although the food was very regular and became redundent after a short time as the choices were very limited. The breakfast was by far the best, especially the tray of pastries they left at our door each morning. We didn't take any tours, as the hotel was too far away from everything and we did not want to spend all day traveling, so I can't make any comments there. We would likely not return to this hotel in the near future, nor Dominican Republic.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	2	1	2	1	

<Author>herb60
<Content>poor management Went to this resort for my 60th birthday.Resort had been pushed hard by Hideaways as luxurious.Not hardly! Upon arrival, 1- a/c not working.Took 2 days to get moved.2-Beaches filthy/not useable.3-Safety an issue as there were armed guards.4-Promised room upgrade through Hideaways.However at checkout was forced to pay.5-Manager was always in a meeting and could not discuss issues with us.Lastly,Hideaways has been no help at all and continues to push the Sivory as a luxury property.r  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	1	4	1	2	2	

<Author>German92
<Content>We had a wonderful time The negative reviews surprise me, because my wife and I had a wonderful time at the Sivory. The resort is very secluded, which I believe adds to the luxury experience. It is not a place to see and be seen. It is a quiet and relaxing place. For five days, we basically ate, slept, hung out by the pool and spa, and enjoyed each other as the stress from our regular lives melted away. We had the opportunity to play tennis and do other activities off the resport, but we never felt the need for more. Our room was beautiful and directly faced a very pretty and undeveloped beach. Each morning, the hotel would leave a tray with coffee, juice and baked goods. In the afternoon, they brought a small plate with chocolates. With the meal plan, you could drink any of the wines (mostly Spanish) in the room's wine fridge and they have Reidel O glassware available in the rooms. The food was very good. It is true that the menu does not change, but there are three restaurants on site, so there are plenty of options. We got the meal plan and we were glad we did, because it made meals so much easier. All the menus contain a lot of fresh fish and vegetable selections, which we enjoyed. I understand that the hotel has about 50 rooms and most were full during our trip, but we never felt like the place was crowded. The staff was EXCEPTIONALLY nice and friendly. They truly provided attentive and sincere service. My wife is originally from Venezuela, which perhaps makes us more comfortable with Latin American culture (it made speaking to the staff in Spanish easier). For this reason, we could overlook things that others are complaining about on this site. My only cautions would be: (1) bring a lot of smaller bills with you for tips, because the concierge rarely had change (2) the road from the airport is under construction and some sensitive individuals might find the 1 hour drive to be bumpy and uncomfortable (one can pay for helicopter transport) and (3) the ocean was rough the entire time we were there and few swam it in it, so consider that if ocean swimming is important to you.Finally, I have stayed in a number of luxury hotels and cruises and I have frequently felt like I was not getting value for the money. At this hotel, I never once questioned in my mind whether the experience was worth the price. It was unquestionably money well spent for a truly relaxing vacation.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JacknJo
<Content>Paradise 6 stars - Best service ever - Great dinner - clean - quiet - relaxing - Smiling staff all the time - Breakfast at your door every morning (coffee - juice - croissant and without asking). You need something: Just ask. I suggest helicopter arriving. They land on the beach and staff will take care of your carry on, offer cold towels and champagne directly on the beach. I will return FOR SURE. Great place for honeymooners. Jacques et Joane  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MamothBlue
<Content>A+++ Our Week at Sivory changed the way we expect hotels to be!!!       Pool  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>farmer76
<Content>RIP OFF - Worst experience ever!!!!!!!!!!!! Worst experience ever!!!! TOTAL RIP OFF!!!!Not able to swim in the ocean. Very Dangerous!!!The food was OK - Same menu day after day after day also, expensive!!!Staff could have been more helpful and friendly. 1 hour and 15 minutes from airport $70.00 taxi ride.Positive 鈥?rooms were excellent!!!! ONLY GOOD THING!! Upon check was over changes $1,700.00.I am disputing this with my credit card company.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chanel2
<Content>Perfect vacation for relaxation! (Simard, Quebec, Canada) My wife and I just got back from a one week vaction at this hotel and were totally satisfied. This is a first class hotel; the site is beautiful, the accommodations luxurious, the staff friendly; I suggest you take one of the luxury junior suites, it's worth the price difference. The food was great; I suggest the lobster bisque or one of the fish dishes.The beef tenderloin was also one of the best I've ever had in the Caribbean. The service was perfect, not too fast, not too slow. This is a place to go if you want to relax; no loud music, no evening activities, etc. which was exactly what we were looking for. Don't forget to bring along a good book or two. The site is aso isolated, being litterally at the end of the road, so the beach is quiet, no intruders, which was fine with us. The beach and grounds are very clean. There are a few bugs in the gardens in the evening, but they really were not much of a bother. We highly recommend it.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sergio69
<Content>Very bad hotel, we try to leave early We go to Sivory Hotel for 2 weeks from Russia after we visit USA. We like the people, they very nice and always give us good smile. Special people is Juan Pierre of restaurants, Robert of the swim pool, small lady in hotel store (I not know name), and good room clean lady. I think we stay to much days, for we not like hotel when we arrive. The rooms be small and in a bad condition. They have many cracks in walls and the windows they not be made to open, so we never have fresh air, only much noise from air condition. It not have pretty gardens and look like nobody care. The beach not be very good, it have dirty beach and not good for swim for has big water and rocks. They not have things for to do at night and we be tired of same food for all the stay, in all the restaurants it be the same food. We be ready to go home to Russia in only a few days. My wife and me have many problem from bite of bugs and it make she cry. We make call for travel agent to leave Sivory early, but it not possible and we stay all the time. Now we be happy to be home in Russian in the cold weather then for pay many Euros for be in Sivory where we not like hotel even little bit. We not ever go to this hotel again, it not be a luxury hotel like they say, only charge many Euros for nothing.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	1	2	1	

<Author>PhilippeDouvier
<Content>Such a bad experience, even for free, never again !       2 x 2 m : enough for your feet and forget the privacy !!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	3	3	2	1	1	

<Author>abbyl1
<Content>First class service and relaxation Sivory Punta Cana is the ultimate if you want pure relaxation. Many people on the reviews have complained about the seclusion of the resort, that is obvious from the start so if you don't want it, don't go. The ride to the hotel is not bad, you get to see some countryside. The rooms are gorgeous, especially the bathrooms which have huge bathtubs and showers. I would not pay extra for the plunge pools because these are not heated, however being beachfront is remarkable. The service is wonderful, the people so nice and their English very good. We had plenty of service on the beach and around the pool, which was very refreshing and relaxing. The food is delicious, I would especially recommend the Chilean Sea Bass at Tau. It is the perfect place to have a special occasion, they were able to set up a private dinner, served by the sommelier, on my veranda. It was spectacular! The bugs are not great, especially after it rains, so use bug spray. However I only was bitten at night. I did not have a spa treatment, though it was beautiful. It was the ultimate vacation in relaxation. my entire family went and my mother stated she had never had such a wonderfully relaxing vacation.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>ugrant
<Content>Dissappointment in so many ways....... We recently stayed at Sivory Punta Cana for which the name implies that they are in the Punta Cana area, but after an hour plus drive down one of the worst roads we have ever been on, we came to find that this hotel really is not even near the famous Punta Cana beaches. If you are looking for isolation, you will have found it there, as it is not near anything and there is really nothing to do at this hotel but eat or sit on the beach. This would be fabulous for us, except the beaches are not as nice as the beaches in our previous visits to the Punta Cana area (ie; no white powder sand with lovely calm blue hued ocean, more like coarse yellow sand with large brown rough waves), and daily there would be a lot of debris washed onto the beach, which sometimes got cleaned up, and other times not. We were told this was caused by a river mouth North of the hotel, which we were also told was a dangerous area, and that we should not walk that way for our own safety. Okay, that left only one direction to walk the beach each day鈥?pretty limiting. We honestly wanted to be in a quiet romantic location, that is why we chose Sivory, but had no idea that we would literally be stuck in this mediocre hotel and it鈥檚 less than luxurious surroundings, far away from Punta Cana or any town, hotel, souvenier shopping, restaurants or anything really, which pretty much meant no access to other forms of stimulus, unless you wanted to pay more than $100 for round trip taxis rides (on the infamous road) to the closest town of Bavoro. Since they tote 3 restaurants on the hotel grounds, you would think this would mean excellent dining, which was important to us and again another reason we chose this hotel. Unfortunately, we quickly found that although the food was generally good, the choices were extremely limited, and many times they did not have what we ordered, or the dish was just too similar to something found in one of the other restaurants, so it felt like samo, samo. We were tired of the options within the first 4 days, and frankly a little surprised at the high prices鈥︹€?10 or so for a coke? $25 per person for a continental breakfast? Service, although friendly from most all of the staff we encountered, was slow and inconsistent. Sometimes the wait to be served with only a few tables busy in the restaurant was a true test of our patience (and we were in no hurry!). Same goes for the restocking of our minibar, housekeeping, turn down service at night, or the service around the pool area鈥? sporatic at best. Maintenance issues were small, but numerous and again鈥?slow to respond (never did get our internet connection resolved), so we sometimes found ourselves waiting in our room for someone to show up to explain what needed to be fixed. Our biggest complaint though would have to be the bugs. We鈥檙e not sure if it was bedbugs, sand fleas or mosquitos, or all of the above, but both of us spent most of the trip spraying repellent (supplied complimentary by the hotel鈥?.any wonder why?), and applying anti-itch cream (not supplied by the hotel), neither of which was particularly helpful. I鈥檒l spare you the photos of our bug ridden welted bodies, for which we had to seek treatment when we returned home. Not our idea of a great finish to our vacation!So overall, for the prices we were paying, we felt this hotel lacked an overall sense of true luxury, and was really lacking in so many ways. Be sure to check your bill when you leave, as they tack on an obscene 26% in taxes and service charges (doesn鈥檛 matter if the service wasn鈥檛 good), as well as ridiculous phone fees, and a few restaurant bills that were not signed by either of us (which they took off with no arguments). Although we were not exactly in purgatory, we would definitely not return or recommend this hotel to friends or family, as there are just too many nicer places to explore in the world.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>croakies
<Content>Spotty Our trip was not good at all!They lost our reservation and our luggage on arrival, our suite flooded the first night. The plunge pool looked more like a pond with things swimming in it. The bugs were horrendous and we are still itching. There was no pool service or beach service. the beach towels ran out early. The staff were friendly but so slow with service. Lunch would take 90 minutes, we gave up on breakfast but dinner, slow as it was, was excellent. The lobster at Tau was the best. My parents were charged $10 taxi ride because they asked the concierge for some postcards which they then charged then $10 for! He said that he went into town to get them! The beach was great for a walk after some Russians jumped up and down as it was filthy and they insisted it was cleaned. The beach was not reset in the morning and we had to remove glasses and towels to sit there again! Four other rooms were unhappy as well as we all joined up for dinner one night.We gave the concierge a 'Wish List' each day as we found that was the most effective way to get things resolved such as maintenance issues, restocking the room and replacing filthy furniture outside! If you call them they respond slowly but giving a 'Wish List' helps. Finally ask for your bill regularly as there were some charges we had to dispute!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	2	2	1	3	-1	

<Author>MnSnE
<Content>Wedding at Sivory My husband and I had our wedding at Sivory Punta Cana. So far I think only a few adventurous people had their wedding there. It's a wonderful place for people that are not looking for the traditional church and country club reception wedding. Given the resort's remote location, it was a little bit more difficult to schedule everything but it was totally worth it. The setting was beautiful and we were lucky to have wonderful weather. The resort staff tried their best to accomodate our needs and in the end all of the scheduling related wrinkles got ironed out. There are too many wedding details/tips to list here but if you look in having a small  intimate wedding you should definetely consider this site.Should you plan in having your wedding at this resort, feel free to contact us and we will be happy to share some of our pictures.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mdephil
<Content>Very relaxing First things first, this is one of the quietest hotels I have ever been to. This is not for you if you are seeking the buffets, nightly entertainment, manager cocktail parties and activity directors asking you to join the 3pm volleyball game. If you are however looking for a complete an total tropical feel and a place where you can get away, be pampered by the staff, waited on hand and foot then this is the hotel for you. The pictures on the website are very acurate and give you a good idea of what to expect. The resteraunts are wonderful, the food is great as is the wine selection as promised. There are a few things to note however that some people mention in other reviews that I wanted to address.1. The bugs...... Its a tropical place and when it rains the bugs will come out. They have bug spray in the rooms for you, and they spray daily. I was bitten for sure and its an annoyance, but they are not in the room, or the beds as some seem to imply.2. The beach...It's on the atlantic side of Punta Cana and it's rough, very rough. Although its nice to frolic in the waves, its the green water of the atlantic, not the blue calm water of the carribean.3. Distance.....It's near NOTHING. You are not near the town or anything else so be prepared to stay put. Take the helicopter transfer to and from the airport. Its a lomg ride on trecherous roads. Have a wonderful trip its a true escape  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ChitownCaribbeanFan
<Content>Relaxing       Resort beach 5 days after heavy rain  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lunmas
<Content>Sivory PERFECT Punta Cana My wife and i thought it was wonderful! We did not experience the bug problem and the food was terrific. The wait staff was on the ball and made our stay very memorable. We enjoyed the spa and the spa attendents as well. The only thing I would recommend would be a taxi or to take a shuttle to the resort. We rented a car and almost never found the place. The roads to and from the resort are not marked and the pot holes were big enough to blow your tires. Once we were on the resort property our experience was PERFECT.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lapuni00
<Content>OK, yes, there are a lot of bugs. OK, so a lot of the reviews are correct, bugs are a problem not only at the resort, but on the beach, but its the tropics. The hotel itself is great otherwise, the accommodations are fabulous at first glance, the king size bed, bathroom area and sitting area, the amenities are great, and everything in the mini-frig is included, so drink up!! The beach is right outside your door, and the main pool is beautiful. Though again, the bugs are a problem.....bring your spray.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>BL2007
<Content>Quiet Honeymoon trip       Final day at the pool  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>ogirl
<Content>Not worth it... The hotel will look just like the pictures and the staff is very nice, but you don't get what you pay for at this place. Food: Our biggest (and really only) complaint about the hotel was the food. Pretty terrible and expensive. My husband and I paid for the Sivory plan because we knew the food and drinks were expensive. We still felt ripped off, but you can easily spend $30/person each meal (not including drinks), and poolside drinks will run you $12 a piece. Skip the dinner on the beach. Unless you have a steady breeze blowing (and even then, who knows?) you will be dinner for some seriously agressive mosquitos.Room: The room was nice and spacious. The TV and VCR is a must for us, and we didn't find the hotel's DVD selection to be as limited as other travelers had mentioned. Bring bug spray and wear socks in bed. We had to request to have our mini bar restocked and it took them two days to do so. Room service is painfully slow, so make sure you order well in advance of actually being hungry. Pool: Poolside drink service leaves something to be desired, but the lounges are very comfortable, there are plenty of fresh towels and the pool is kept clean.Beach: The hotel beach is wonderful, but as other travelers mentioned, the adjacent beaches are disgusting and full of trash. We walked down the beach to the big resort about a mile away and were stalked for a distance by a rather menacing looking group of teenage boys. Stay on the hotel beach--they ride horses on the beach, so you have to dodge floating horse poop the whole time anyway. We also had a problem with extra charges on our bill, and had to spend about 45 minutes working with staff to take them off at checkout. Not sure if this was deliberate or incompetence, but it clearly appears to be a problem. There is also an outrageous 26% tax (combination 10% hotel fee and 16% govt tax--or vice versa--and this govt tax in addition to the tourist tax you pay at the airport) levied on every purchase, so be prepared to see this on your bill. In general, we found the hotel to be very nice and clean, but the food was so bad it completely detracted from our experience. Forget walking somewhere else, b/c there is nothing else around, and I'm not sure you'd want to eat anything outside of the hotel anyway, unless you've had a recent round of full innoculations. Based on our ride from the airport and walk on the beach, the DR is incredibly dirty country. My husband and I are not unreasonable and have done our fair share of traveling in third world countries, and were both shocked by the filth and state of disrepair that was evident everywhere outside of the hotel property. Clearly those tourist taxes are being spent wisely. Both the country and the hotel have potential, but we will not go back.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	4	2	3	

<Author>MissJacksonMesa
<Content>A Paradise in Punta Cana While the road to get to this hotel was bumpy (and I'm not just reffering to the actual road, the airline we flew was repugnant), the trip was well worth it. The check in was a breeze, we were greeted with a glass of wine and a cool towel. The front desk staff was efficient and very friendly. The rooms were immaculate, beautifully decorated and very spacious. The dual headed shower was very nice as was the giant soaking tub. Our room was ocean front and the view was stunning! I especially loved the balcony with the chaise lounges perched on the very edge of the perimeter.The pool was just the right size with a great view of the ocean. Lounge chairs with comfy cushions and shaded by great big umbrellas lined the pool deck. The beach was covered in soft, golden sand and lounge chairs (some under shade, some not) were dotted along the edge of the resorts landscaping to the beach. It was very serene and peaceful.The restaurants (there are three) were good! Every morning we awoke to a tray of pasteries, coffee and fresh squeezed orange juice awaiting outside of our room. The service at all of the restaurants was absolutely first class. They are very accomodating, even creating a Dominican menu for us one day that was probably the best food we had there. One night they served us a completely impromptu dinner at the (closed) pool bar, complete with candlelight and tablecloth! We had been in the pool and then it started raining so we were stuck at the pool bar area and the servers grabbed umbrellas and walked from the nearby restaurant to serve us. The Spa is not to be missed! The unique pool with the different water therapy areas was a treat in itself! I tried the signature Rose Quartz treatment, it was heaven! The therapist was a magician! Overall the place is secluded, peaceful and completely luxurious. The staff was friendly and helpful. It is not your typical all inclusive fare that common in this area, but I didn't want that in a vacation. I don't know how kid friendly this would be, it's more a romantic place. It was our honeymoon and it was perfect!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ncabochon
<Content>Green Expectations       Pool and Hotel in the back  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelLoverFromNYC
<Content>Extremely relaxing...but major improvements NEEDED I hope to keep this brief...I've been to many resort properties with my partner of many years, and this junior suite was one of the most beautiful. Truly! And they actually spent lots of dinero on super comfortable outdoor furniture, too. This time of year the plunge pool was very warm. Great. But the bugs were biting...even the OFF bugspray we took with 40% DEET was not enough. On getting here...the Punta Cana owners along with the Dominican government must make a capital investment ASAP on an efficient road system to and from the airport. There was large discomfort from bumpy back roads with zillions of potholes and shabby scenery for an hour. This is not the way to transport upscale guests to their new resort. So don't bother unless you plan on adding the $600 R/T trip for two by chopper.Also, pool was very nice. But the food was mostly LOUSY ...especially their French (I think not) restaurant. (Pay for a GREAT chef!). But... absolutely friendly staff...and zero homophobia. Comfortable and nice wavy beach with dark brown, certainly not white, sand. But BOTH adjacent beach properties were polluted with lots of plastic bottles and litter miserable for the environment. So a stroll down the beach was VERY disappointing. This place is not there...yet.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>3	2	5	3	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>GeorgiaAGC
<Content>What a great place to relax and renew!!! We had a great EASY flight into Punta Cana and it was a little difficult communicating with locals (we only speak a little spanish) to get a cab to the resort. Only because my fiance didn't make arrangements for a taxi from the resort nor did we choose to take the helicopter to the resort (I only rec. if you don't have much luggage). The ride is crazy but if you have traveled much throughout the caribbean you know that all the rodes are the same and need a lot of mantainence! Once we got to the resort we were in HEAVEN! We stayed 4 days which is about all I think anyone needs because all you do is relax on the beautiful PRIVATE beach (there is a constanct breeze) or by the pool. There is not much to do except relax. They have a great spa and it is nice to end the day in the pool and use all the relaxing hydro treats that they have. Spa treatments are interesting and treatments are not Four Seasons quality but still very good. The food is pretty good but I do recommend asking the waiters if you can have an authentic Dominican Meal one night. Also make sure you ask the maid in the am to refill your bottled water in the room it is free. The complementary bread and coffee in the morning is wonderful. The staff there try really hard to please and I read a lot of these reviews before I went and the main thing is your there to relax so do it! It is a great place to unwind! If you are wanting to do things like horseback ride or 4 wheeler ride or fish the concierge can set that up for you. I highly recommend this place and would return. We enjoyed it just as much as Little Dix on Virgin Gorda and Post Ranch Inn in Big Sur! Hope you decide to go!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DuckSoupForMe
<Content>Wonderful Quiet Getaway       Jr Suite #11  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LESTourist
<Content>Total relaxation I am shocked at the hordes of whining reviewers of the Sivory. Either this place had been radically transformed before our recent vacation, or everyone who has written a review should have stayed at some horrible tacky all-inclusive place like Excellence Punta Cana and sat through their grease filled dinners talking to other fat American tourists about their flights down to the DR.The Sivory is absolutely ideal for those looking for a complete escape, only 3.5 hrs flight away from the East Coast US. The hotel is the last hotel in the Punta Cana area, and it therefore isolated, quiet, well-serviced, with 3 excellent restaurants (no doubt the best in the DR) and a nice spa. The rooms were cleaned and tidied twice daily, the pool is small, but immaculate, the service was fantastic. My only complaint would be that the spa services were radically overpriced. Why pay over $100 for a 60 min massage, when I can pay $60 in New York? The Sivory rates a 4.5. It is too bad that it is far away from a nice town (like those that dot the north of DR), but as far as unwinding is concerned, I know only a few other places where you can truly chill-out and unwind like the Sivory.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>deltahedge
<Content>Ideal for an expensive getaway Sivory is ideal for a short-term, high-priced getaway. - Short-term because there is really nothing to do but relax, and anything else is miles away. Eventually we got bored, but in a nice, wholesome kind of way. - High-priced because the staff will do everything in their power to overcharge, such as inventing phone call charges, adding special taxes, taxi rides that never were etc. If you think about it in isolation the practice is really sleazy, but they do remove everything once you point it out to them. And the surroundings are so wonderful and peaceful, you really cant be angry at them for attempting to fleece the guests. But for their shady billing staff is polite and extremely helpful. The beach is fantastic and nearly empty, the luxury oceanfront rooms ideal for daylong sunbathing, the plunge pool very practical, the minibar always stocked, and the supply of towels, accessories etc endless.The food is OK. Some of it is actually excellent, and some not good at all. But overall, unlimited food + drink is worth the $150 per person. Pina coladas and fruit smoothies are very good and fresh and would go for $15 apiece in New York. The wine list is also quite strong. The helicopter is absolutely worth the $150 per person per way. Not only do you skip the horror that is driving through Punta Cana, you get an amazing view of the beach, and the trip takes 20 minutes as opposed to 2 hours. Do not bring children. Any of the larger hotels closer to the airport will cater better to the entertainment of a family. Children will find Sivory boring. And do not go to Sivory looking for a budget vacation. It will end up costing a lot more than you expect.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jboyd
<Content>Didn't write sooner but stumbled over the reviews and needed to join in It has been several months since our trip and I wasn鈥檛 going to write but I stumbled over the latest review which dredged up all the bad memories. Everything you read is true so I won鈥檛 go into detail about the bugs, the ice cold useless plunge pool, floods as a result of taking a shower, bad service, overpriced drinks or very bad food. What I will go into detail about is the absolute shock I experienced when I received my bill at check out that charged us over $200 USD for a 1-800 call to the USA and all the other over charges and mistakes on my bill. That in itself is not the shocking part. The socking part is for the last 4 days of our trip a woman and her small anterage strolled through the hotel liked they owned the place treating guests and staff with equal distain. When I inquired, I was told that she in fact DID own the place and was there to make a few changes. Ok let me get to the shocking part. She or her husband who 鈥渙wn鈥?the place are there from Spain (I think) and don鈥檛 take the time to ask a single guest about their stay? I know this because as a business woman I found it absolutely fascinating or maybe it was because I was stuck in a situation that would otherwise bore me to tears but I watched her intently for 3 days straight and I never once saw her as much a crack a small smile at a guest. They really don鈥檛 deserve people鈥檚 hard earned vacation money. You are better off at one of the large chains!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	1	3	3	3	1	

<Author>njsadie
<Content>A wonderful escape! The Hotel is lovely. The Staff goes out of their way to serve you and to make your stay pleasant. The upper management staff appears to have much more experience than the newer local staff, but that appears to be a temporary situaiton. Most of the clientele was from Spain and Germany- not many Americans. It is the only resort of its kind (small, intimate and higher end) in Punta Cana- land of the all-inclusive vacation. Yes, there are bugs on the beach. The resort borders a jungle. There were bugs in St. John- More money and they cannot spray the island due to its National Park status! Bring bug repellent. Food is fabulous. There is little to do but enjoy the scenery and lie in the sun. And we did. It was absolutley gorgeous and relaxing. We were there for a long weekend (4 days) and a longer stay may have driven us crazy as there is no where to go. However, the facility is beautiful and immaculate. You always felt that youhad your privacy and that you were alone- yet the place was full of people. The water was rougher than usual the first week in April due to storms in the Atlantic. The landscape is luch, but naturally so. VERY ENJOYABLE time. Very Nice people.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>joshrivet
<Content>Sleep tight, don't let the bed bugs bite!! My wife and I just returned from Sivory for our honeymoon. We found most of the reviews on this site to be fairly accurate. 1. We felt the cab ride from the airport to the hotel wasn't all that bad. You can get a taxi for about $60 (for two people) each way or a bus for about $30 each way (two people). You will need to arrange the bus in advance. 2. Check in- The gentleman at the front desk was helpful....initially. Once we checked in, that changed pretty fast. I decided to check my room charges about two days in (based on what I've read here). They had over charged me by about $1000.00. (This is day three...I was very un-easy for the rest of the trip. It a shame to pay the prices they are asking to stay in this resort and then have to constantly worry about being over charged. This really made it difficult for me to relax. The ladies at the front desk were trying their best to correct the mistakes. I got the impression they were doing the very best they could to help me. I suggest you insist on getting a copy of EVERY ticket that you sign so there is no question. They will be reluctant to provide this, unless you insist on it. 3. Room/Pool/Beach- All were as nice or nicer than the pictures on the web site. This is not usually the case with these type of resorts.4. Staff (excluding the guy at front desk) - was EXTREMELY polite and friendly. As with most other places, if you can give them a sincere hello, how are you today?, we find it goes a VERY long way. (If you can do that in spanish, you will get anything you want, whenever you want it......learn 5 words in spanish..thats all. I have nothing but great things to say about eveyone from the head waiter all the way down to house keepers (who happen to email us on the regular basis to say hello.)5. Sivory Plan / Food - The paln was not cost effective for us. I think you can get by a little cheaper if you want. We thought the food was Ok. We don't eat all day so it wasn't a priority for us. 6. To summarize, we really enjoyed meeting almost all of the staff. We made some very good friends (from Ohio and NY) who were staying at the resort. I'm glad we went but I left with a bad taste in my mouth about the over charging.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>luxuryseekerCT
<Content>pretend "luxury" resort. I agree with the prior bad reviews of this pretend luxury resort. Definitely not worth the money AT ALL. To be luxury there needs to be attention to detail, spectacular food, great service and a beach with water that you can actually swim in. None of which this resort has. Not to mention the frequent bug bites particularly at night whensleeping (bed bugs?? I am not sure about this though). The spa is ridiculous with a facial that does not even include a deep cleansing and the use of a green sponge that is brittle and looks like what you clean the kitchen sink with. The rooms are adequate and clean butNOT luxury. The food average at best despite the three restaurants.The swimming pool was clean and spacious but right in front of the restaurant offering no privacy whatsoever. We stayed in an ocean front junior suite and the view to the water was obstructed by palm trees. The whole thing is ridiculous and there are other resorts being built close by that will be competition that this place definitely won't be able to handle. They do have new management as of1 week ago though who may be able to improve things but there is a lot of work that needs to be done. Would put my money somewhere else.We were itching to leave and would never return. I think that any good reviews of this place is from people who don't really have a clue what the luxury industry is really about.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	4	2	2	2	

<Author>MIBeach
<Content>The worst trip I've ever taken My husband and I recently visited Sivory Punta Cana for our one week getaway of the year. I had booked the trip online 6 months before departure and confirmed everything one week prior to arrival. When we arrived at the airport we were taken to another part of the airport and told that we had to wait 35 minutes for the helicopter. We hadn't booked a helicopter transfer (nor did I think it was safe). Furthermore, our bags couldn't come with us and we would need to wait for a few hours for them to go by car (and pay $60 for that). I tried to explain that I was supposed to have ground transportation but they didn't understand. After about 45 minutes of round and round conversation I asked another pilot if I could borrow his cell phone. I made it to the hotel by car 2 hours after landing and not enthused to say the least. They also tried to charge me for the cab transportation which was included in the package I booked.When I got to the hotel I sat at the concierge desk and confirmed everything the package I booked included (I was nervous to say the least). They reassured me that everything was fine. I finally arrivedin my room. The room was as pictured on the internet. Spacious and clean. However, after three minutes in the shower my husband was yelling to shut the water off because there was water under the bed (it was some distance from the shower and the concierge had just told me how wonderful the shower would be if I turned on both heads).Call number one to the front desk. If flooded every time we used it but we got tired of calling with no response so we just used all towels available to make a sufficient dam. The plunge pool outside looked really nice, but, was very cold and there were a plethora of bugs that started eating us the moment they saw us. I have so many bites I lost count-I did go to the gift shop for Benadryl but they told me they didn't have- the person sent from the hotel in town bought the wrong product. They were not mosquitos and at one point I pulled the sheets apart to see if they may have been in my bed (I thought they may have been bed bugs). Having less than an optimal stay to say the least we now have the food. The food was average at best with breakfast being the least inventive and worst of all. Our package included caviar with champagne. We asked for something other than caviar and we were served a plate of day old cheese and lunch meat. Trying to convey this to the wait staff is nearly impossible as their English skills were lacking at best. The service is quite slow but if you are on vacation this was tolerable at dinner and you have the whole night. I was anxious to leave on my last day (mostly due to the incessant itching I had done for six days). Upon checking out, they quoted me $350/night more than the internet receipt I had saved. Discussing this with the staff at the desk was completely a waste of time. All they could talk about was the package I booked was different. The owner happened to be on the premise and simply walked right by the lobby as I sat with my receipt trying to get somewhere with the manager. I was so frustrated I told them not only would I NEVER go back but I wouldn't recommend it to my enemies!!!! It was the absolute worst place I have ever been-------DON'T DO IT!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	3	1	1	3	

<Author>gmmuc89
<Content>Four Star Looks, Two Star Service Appearances can be deceiving. The photos of Sivory on their website are accurate in every way. Your room will look like that. Your bathroom will have the huge soaking tub. The pool area will be fabulous. The beach will be private and secluded, and you'll never want for a chaise. In short, there is nothing wrong with the resort's physical plant.However, when a resort advertises itself as a member of Small Luxury Hotels of the World, you expect more than a great tub. You expect great service, and a great attitude. I experienced neither. Examples:1) The first night, turndown service was about 6 PM. Two nights later, they showed up at 4:45 while I was napping. My final night, they never showed at all, so I took a bath, wrapped myself in my robe, and settled in to watch a DVD. Until the knock on the door at 9:00 PM. You guessed it - my turndown service!2) As noted previously, they drop off a tray of coffee, juice, and pastries each morning outside your room. Except for the last morning - I checked out on an empty stomach. Well, thank God for the Ritz Bits at the airport kiosk. Is it their policy to not provide a continental breakfast on your final day, or did they just screw up again? Who knows?3) My first lunch, I had a great seafood salad at the restaurant. The pool snack bar has the same lunch menu, so the next day I ordered a Cobb Salad there. Which arrived w/o avocado or bleu cheese. When I asked where these ingredients were - listed in the menu description, mind you - the cook comes out and tells me that their avocados 'weren't good' - not ripe or something (yes, tropical resorts are well-known for running out of AVOCADOS). He and the waiter exchange looks. Okay, fine. So, what's with the bleu cheese? Oh, many people don't like bleu cheese, so we don't put it on. Do you want it? Why, yes, I do. It's a standard ingredient in a Cobb, if I didn't like bleu cheese, I'd have ordered something else. He and the waiter exchange more looks, and my cheese shows up.4) I ordered a bottle of wine with dinner. The headwaiter informs me that the ice machine is on the fritz, so they can't leave the wine with me in a bucket. However, they will keep it chilled in the back for me throughout dinner. No problem. He pours barely two fingers worth and leaves. I drink it. He comes back in a few minutes to take my order, notices the empty glass, and I get another tiny ration's worth. He comes back with the bread, notices the empty glass, we go through the same routine. He comes back with the appetizer, ditto. Guess what happens after Mr. Headwaiter's six trips in seven minutes? The busboy shows up tableside with, lo and behold, a proper restaurant-grade stainless steel ice bucket, my Spanish white nestled among a large pile of cubes. The ice supply problem has miraculously and suddenly been solved! I want to take particular note of items 3 and 4 - there's a difference between erratic service that leaves something to be desired (like the maid showing up for turndown at all hours) and the feeling that the resort's staff is trying to put one over on you. The restaurant staff, in particular, seemed to think that if they could fool you or think that you weren't the type to speak up and complain, all the better for the resort's bottom line. I cannot believe that this resort is a member of Small Luxury Hotels. I don't know how hotels become members, or if members go through a periodic evaluation, or what - but really, the SLH people should kick Sivory off their roster. It's making me question the quality of SLH hotels worldwide.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>acornaby
<Content>Great Place to relax       Looking North  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vaca2007
<Content>Horrible!!! My wife and I went stayed at Sivory in late Feb. We will never go back!!! 1) The Bed Bugs are so bad, we only slept about 2 hours our second and third nights. I had over 300 Bed Bug bites, and my wife had around 200 bites. We even asked to change rooms, and the 2nd room was just as infested.2) They had arranged for a car to pick us up at the airport. Well the car was a no show so we took a cab instead, but yet they still wanted to charge us $100 for no show car.3) The food at the resturant was way over priced, limited selection and did not taste well at all.4) The hotel could not get their credit card machine to work at check out time, and delayed our cab ride by an hour. As a result, we missed the only flight back to the US. 5) We politely asked to talk to the manager of the hotel 3 times, yet he never came out of the back room to talk with us, even though the hotel was not busy.The best thing that came from the experience, is since we missed our flight, and had to stay another day, we stayed at a different hotel. The other hotel was ten times better, for about the same price...and no bugs, great food, no check out hassles.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	1	2	2	

<Author>BrooklynLonghorn
<Content>Fantastic, peaceful resort The hotel room was fantastic! We got a 950 sqr ft room, with an ocean view and large balcony with jacuzzi overlooking the ocean. The resort was beautiful - nice landscaped grounds, a heavenly spa, a nice gym, nice pool etc.Things to be aware of (and hence the 4 star rating versus the 5 star):(1) The food is very average. There are items not on the menu that you can request and they will make (e.g. grilled lobster) and those are much better than the menu items. The selection from the menu is very limited.(2) The all inclusive option makes sense for anyone who has more than 2 drinks per day. All inclusive (as of Feb 2007) was $99 + 26% per person. Meals range from $20 (burger) to $90 (lobster). A soda is about $11 ($8.88 + 26%), pina colada $16 ($12 + 26%). By no means is it cheap!(3) The mini-bar items are free (regardless of whether you go all inclusive or not). Minibar contains beer, coke and water. However, they do not replenish the mini-bar daily. If you ask the room service ppl, they will replenish it for you ... but you have to ask ... it won't happen automatically (and asking the housekeeping staff to replenish it is pointless - as we discovered the hard way). All inclusive includes room service too. Room service is 24 hrs, so you can constantly eat!(4) Take lots of insect repellant ... bugs are plentiful and have learnt that the tourists taste better than the resort food.(5) You will pay 26% on top of any listed price (16% govt tax and 10% service charge). This makes things a lot more expensive than they initially appear!(6) Look over your final bill carefully. We had multiple charges for things we never used (e.g. 10 phone charges totaling $100 - we never used the phone!). Once you bring these to their attention, they will remove the charges without much of a fuss.(7) If you book a transfer (airport - hotel) through the hotel but there is no car waiting for you, you can take a taxi for approx. $50. Keep a receipt from the taxi to ensure the hotel doesn't try to charge you for a ride that they didn't provide (as was the case with us). Hotel arranged transfers cost $80 (though that is subjective - we took a car from the hotel to the airport for $60 even though we had been told it would be $80)(8) There is a transfer by helicopter from the airport to the hotel - it lands right on the beach and is a really neat experience if you don't mind dishing out the extra dough. Cost is $150 per person and takes about 20 mins (versus the 1hr 15 min cab ride for $50 - $60) Keep in mind that if you have anything larger than one carry on size bag per person, they charge $70 extra (since the suitcase(s) will be sent by taxi).(9) If you're looking for a place with activities/night life, this is not for you. The hotel is relatively far from everything, and there is no nightclub on site. This is a place to just relax and unwind.(10) We had read a lot of nightmare reviews on trip advisor regarding the car ride from airport to the hotel. It is really not that bad. The bad road is only present for about 10 mins of the ride.The beach is fantastic and stretches forever. There are plenty of chairs and we never had the need to reserve chairs by going early and placing a towel on the chair (as is necessary at some other resorts). The hotel was fully occupied while we were there but we never saw many guests so it was very peaceful. The staff is extremely friendly and nice, albeit a bit slow with service and not very well versed in English. All in all, a fantastic retreat and a place we plan to return to.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	3	4	

<Author>CarlosItaly
<Content>Overpriced, overrated I've been in Sivory for the second time in Feb 07, after being there in Apr 06. Last year I noticed some minor faults in the service, and thought was because of the lack of experience (resort opened in late 05); overall my stay was enjoyable, so I decided to come back again this year. But things are getting much worse.The general impression is that the management is cutting expenses everywhere is possible, and that the property is abandoned to itself. But still it's part of Small Luxury Hotels chain, so more and more people are coming, thinking that they will find the same quality standard of other SLH hotels.Roomsgood points: design, confortable bed, high speed free internet connectionbad points: very noisy A/C; only still water and beer in the minibar (plus another useless minibar stocked with cheap wines); night turndown done only randomly; insufficient illuminationRestaurantsvery limited choice of food: the menu is always the same, and not all the dishes are available, even if you are the first one to seat at lunch or dinner. One evening they even ran out of sparkling water! So you start get bored just after a couple of days.Be aware of the very limited quantity of tables! If the resort is almost fully booked, you'll have to wait in a queue for eating.The wine cellar is a joke: on their website it's written wine cellar stocked with over 8,000 bottles of the finest wines, but it's evident they don't stock more than a couple of hundreds of very common bottles. On the list you can find just some 30-40 wines, and I think that's all they have. Just to make a comparison: in one of the best restaurants of Italy, managed by a famous 3-Michelin stars chef, you find a list of 900 wines, and 8,500 bottles in the cellar.The restaurants are understaffed, so you'll have to wait long time before being served, and always spend at least 1 hour at the table, even for a quick lunch. The waiters are very kind, they understand english and try to do their bestBeachwonderful sandy beach, never crowded. A new resort is under completion nearby, so expect more people around in the near future.Water sport facilities are very limited; last year they had at least a Hobie Cat (was very enjoyable), now just 2 kayaks, a crappy windsurf and some snorkeling equipment.Facilitiesputting green: consists of a piece of bad grass behind the pool. Impossible to putt; could maybe be used for some chipping, if they provided a wedge...mosquitos: everyone is bited. very small insects hide everywhere, and hurt a lot when they bite. You will see all the guests with red spots all over their bodies. Probably they come from the stinky small river just in front the main entrancegym: it was ok last year, but now is deteriorating due to the lack of maintenance. They let people go inside wearing swimming suit, dirty shoes, slippers, so there's sand everywhere and the exercises machines are dirtytennis: the court is not bad. But they only have old rackets with almost destroyed grips and 1 or 2 balls.Conclusion:resort is overpriced and overrated. You absolutely don't get what you are supposed to with that money.It's very far from the general standard of SLH chain, I would say like a 3-stars hotel. I will not return.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	3	1	3	

<Author>PoamSanDiego
<Content>Not what it seems The cab ride to the hotel was about 11/2 hours -terrible roads. The last 2 miles the worst. Beautifull initial appearance. Grounds are OK the night lighting is terrible everywhere. The pool setting and beach are perfect. The rooms very nice -we had a second floor unit on the beach -perfect balcony perch. The food was terrible- limited and boring. Bar service slow. Room service the same food. Also rec not getting the inclusive meal plan. Be careful Everything has a service chg of 24-25 addded. Don't let them push the$8. plus bottle water - the water is fine to drink. Avoid the powdered ice tea Also $8 plus.Spa services are very good but also remember the service chg. If they arrange the cab they chg a service chg. Would not go backi  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	1	5	3	1	-1	

<Author>cucuscon
<Content>Wonderful Place! Sivory is a relatively small (55 rooms) resort consisting of mostly very cute 4-unit buildings that are inconspicuously inserted into a gorgeous tropical landscape. Three sophisticated restaurants, impressive 10,000-bottle wine cellar, two cozy bars, scenic pool, exclusive spa, comfortable room, breakfast delivered to your door, etc. - these are exactly as they are described on the hotel鈥檚 website 鈥?or better. Still Sivory is not for everyone. It is an absolute paradise for a couple wanting to spend a few days alone in a beautiful, tranquil and luxurious surrounding. There is no concentration of people anywhere, no loud music, no organized activities - just an occasional guest here and there and ...the soothing sound of waves. The beach is stunningly beautiful and lures you into long and undisturbed walks. The staff is trained to provide impeccable service while respecting your privacy and keeping distance. Still you can鈥檛 help getting to know a few of them because of their genuinely open and friendly demeanor. A combination of a complete calm and relaxation with beauty (beach, landscape, weather), comfort (room, spa) and taste (food, decor) - that is Sivory.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>windrift1
<Content>Appearances Can Be Deceiving At first glance the resort looked beautiful, depsite the scary cab ride. The room was beautiful and stocked with beverages, etc. But looks can be deceiving, our mino bar was never restocked despite our $150 all inclusive plan. I would recommend going a la carte. The restaurants served the same boring food and choices were limited. The 24 hour room service consisted of 7 items total. The snacks were Pringles and Peanuts...not kidding. The setting is nice, but there is no night life, or anything to do on the resort. If you want to just go to the beach, and do nothing else, this is the place to go.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NDLauren
<Content>The Sivory is a fabulous honeymoon!               
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RandBNYC
<Content>Relaxing, but far from perfect... My fiance and I just returned from a 5 day stay at Sivory. Having read the other reviews prior to our trip, we knew much of what to expect. Hoping for a simple, relaxing beach vacation, we took our chances and found many of the other comments to be right on.On the upside, the resort is very pretty and the secluded beach is one of the prettiest, cleanest and most peaceful I've seen. The pool is also comfortable, clean and quiet during the day. Since the resort is only about one year old, the rooms and common areas are modern and nicely appointed. The beds are comfortable and the bath and shower were both lovely and more than large enough for two.Unlike many other tiny, boutique-style properties, another nice thing about Sivory was the 24 hour room service and complimentary soda/water/beer in the room. As far as things to beware of prior to traveling to Sivory, the bugs are not to be underestimated. While we rarely saw insects in our room (except for one giant spider and a lot of ants in the bath), I awoke daily to new, itchy bites all over my body. The resort provides all natural bug spray, which is largely worthless. I'd recommend bringing your own OFF or other strong, chemically-powered repellant.Also, of the three restaurants, we found none to be extraordinary. The food was okay and was always freshly prepared, but none of it was the art cusine the resort promised and none of it was worth the extremely high prices they charge. To that end, the all-nclusive sivory plan which costs $150 per person, per day, did not turn out to be a wise choice for us. Unless you are heavy drinkers and plan to spend ALL DAY eating and drinking by the pool, we found it impossible to make the plan worthwhile. Fortunately, the hotel had no problem allowing us to go off the plan and switch to the a la carte option after two days.Another issue is that only the front desk staff speak excellent English. Neither the housekeeping nor the restaurant or room service staff are fluent in English, which makes it difficult to communicate special requests, particularly if you are picky eaters. If you speak Spanish, which neither of us did beyond the most basic words, you should obviously be totally fine.Finally, as other reviews said, the Sivory is QUIET--there are no activites and the staff are only marginally helpful in helping you find things to do off the property. With the reluctant help of our conierge, we ended up booking a day-long snorkeling trip through the Secrets property next door. It was not the smoothest process, although it did get us out and about for one day. For those traveling with children or teens, or for those who want any post-10 p.m. nightlife whatsoever, this is not the place for you. Seriously, it's just not.For us, 5 days was the perfect amount of time at Sivory. We came home rested and sincerely enjoyed the peace and quiet, which is what we wanted most out of our trip. The cons of the resort are all manageable, as long as you do your research. If you want to sleep, sun, read your own books and play on the beach, this is a good place for you. If you are serious foodies, want entertainment or are allergic to bug bites, you may want to look elsewhere for vacation options.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>carpinkly
<Content>lovely resort, too bad about the bugs This place is really a first class setting for anyone who just wants to read by the beach. The area is so isolated and deserted that you feel like you have an enormous beach all to yourself. The rooms are beautiful, the food was excellent and the atmosphere was quiet and relaxing and altogether very special. The terrible problem facing this facility, as other reviewers have observed, is the bugs. My wife and I have never been so badly bitten. Clearly the hotel staff knows they have a problem, because they are out spraying every morning. But I wish they'd warned us to wear bug spray, because you can't see the bugs until you see the bites the next morning. After we assiduously applied bug spray, the biting seemed to taper off significantly. We used bug spray we'd purchased in New York -- the hotel provides some non-DDT bug spray we assumed was ineffective.The maid staff also leaves the room doors open during cleaning, allowing the bugs inside. We're pretty sure we got bitten at night. We think the bugs were tiny, gnat like creatures I saw once or twice. But the bites they leave are enormous and turn bright red.If there were other gripes about the resort -- they only deserve to be made because it charges a high rate and is a Small Luxury Hotel of the World: The drain in the fantastic double shower didn't work and often flooded the bathroom. The hotel is hard to reach over e-mail when scheduling your arrival time, and often doesn't answer the phone at the concierge desk. And most of the staff can't speak English, which presents a problem if anything goes slightly wrong.As said above -- a wonderful hotel, and a wonderful place to relax. But I'm not sure this place should really be open if it can't get its bug problem in order. Considering all the standing water we saw around the hotel, that may be impossible. Which would be a pity, since it's such a lovely spot.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	3	5	

<Author>NYC37
<Content>would not recommend My boyfriend and I have travelled all over and do not recommend this resort. We are both quite relaxed people and found this resort to be far from on par. They are typically out of at least 3 of the items on the menu and out of 15 total it makes dinner a challenge. Our shower flooded our room with each use. There is no reason to ask for a room with a plunge pool as it is too cold to use. If you are prone to bug bites I highly recommend staying elsewhere. We realized this when we were bitten in our sleep due to housekeeping leaving our door open. The resort had 3 dvd's in which they played the whole 7 days we were there. If you do decide on still coming to The Sivory, make sure you bring your own movies (only 5 in the whole hotel) and your own music. The beach is very beautiful and the pool has a nice view of the ocean, although it is only about 4'10 deep. If you want a nice resort in the DR I would strongly suggest Casa Colonial, beautiful hotel, great service.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	3	2	4	

<Author>nathant
<Content>Sivory is THE place to Getaway My wife and I stayed at the Sivory at the beginning of November and absoultely loved it.To start, we have been to some of the best resorts in the US and around the world, and Sivory definately ranks as one of the top. This is the place to go for total and complete relaxation. It is NOT the place in the Domincian Republic to bring your kids or is a place for college kids...they will be bored and their are other resorts for them. If you and your significant other need some down time together, in quiet, without the limbo contests or a noisy bar scene, do it here.As stated in the post below, there is not much to do around the hotel but there really is not a reason to leave. It is about an hour from the Punta Cana airport, and very removed from the strip.The hotel opened 12/05 and is in great condition. The rooms are outstanding and VERY CLEAN and very modern (equipped with LCD TVs and DVD players for example.) We had a luxury junior ocean suite which was at least 600 square ft that lead right out onto the beach.The beach is very private and the property on both sides of the hotel is empty so you are not sharing it with anyone else. There were days we didnt see else anyone on it other than us.There are 3 restaurants at the hotel (French, Asian-Fusion and Continental.) The food at all 3 was outstanding. (we liked the Asian-Fusion best.) There is also a very extensive wine list and we had tried some really good wines we never had before. I think what is best about Sivory is the service. There are only 55 villas and because there are never hundreds of guests on the property, the hotel staff can really cater to you. In fact, they jump at the chance to service you. You will find that there is not a scripted type of service here, but the staff really wants to see you happy. And when you ask for something, they respond quickly, rather than other places in the Caribbean we have visited where you have to ask 3 times.Ana Lisa the general manager is great. She is a visable presence at the resort, and makes herself very available to the guests and has assembled a very strong staff: Heide the head concerige, Roberto at the pool, waiters Armstrong and Domingo, and Juan Pierre who runs the wine cellar, all give superior service.Finally, regarding posts with mosquitos, simply put, there was no problem when we were there. The resort sprays twice a day and even though you are in tropics, has it under control.In our travels, we have paid much more dollar wise for vacations at resorts with half the service and in locations that were half of what Sivory has. Given the competiton, Sivory is a great value, and you see it once you are there (by the way, the hotel website is not photoshopped....the property is very well represented as it looks in reality.)Sivory is not as well known as some of the other resorts in Punta Cana, and too me, that's not a bad thing because its a gem. We will definately be back.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bucci73
<Content>Remote and Relaxed I recently stayed at the Sivory for 5 nights with my fiance. The service is absolutely top notch. From the check-in staff to the restaurant and pool staff, they could simply not do enough for us. Always gracious, helpful and cheerful--they were wonderful! Especially Roberto at the pool and Ana Lisa, the hotel manager!The hotel is brand new and looks gorgeous. The rooms are spacious and clean but you really need to spend the extra money to get an ocean view room otherwise you may be disappointed. We had one with a plunge pool and although the pool was a little chilly, we had a great time walking right out our sliding glass door and being on the beach. The rooms on the 2nd floor have beautiful views of the water. Check out the 'Candid User Photos' on this site because they really are accurate for how the resort looks. One thing to consider, this resort is in the middle of nowhere-and the staff will tell you that immediately--so if you are planning on exploring, forget it. There is absolutely nothing around and you're a good 45min-60min from anything. However, the resort will make horseback or three-wheeling reservations for you on site. But note, once you leave the grounds and take a walk on the beach beyond the resort you will notice an absurd amount of trash and debris on the sand--it's disgusting. The resort cleans up their area but nothing beyond and you will notice it.You really need to come here with relaxation in mind, because again, there's nothing around and nothing to do besides lie in the sun, sleep and eat. All of which we truly enjoyed but were definitely ready to go home at the end. We couldn't snorkle or scuba dive because the water in this region is quite clouded with sand and very rough with waves--it's not Caribbean clear and blue but Atlantic Ocean green. And the sand in not Caribbean white but Atlantic Ocean camel-brown but very soft!But these are not negatives, just things to expect. We really enjoyed our stay and left feeling relaxed and taken care of. It was great!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>woofcyn
<Content>Lost money because of misrepresentation and no response. RIP OFF! (1) Hotel is mismanaged, difficult to bookWe stayed at the Sivory Hotel from September 2 鈥?September 9, 2006. Booking with the hotel was extremely difficult; no one was answering the telephones and the one person that handles reservations was constantly in meetings. It took several days to book a reservation. This should have been a sign that the hotel was poorly managed.(2) We were overcharged and the hotel will not respond to rectify the problem after several months. We were unknowingly charged 26% fees and taxes on top of the Sivory Plan, a prepaid meal plan. I confirmed with the front desk three times that there would not be any additional charges on top of the meal plan ($150 per person per day). Based on this information, I elected to take the Sivory Plan. Had I known that there would be an additional 26% charge, I would not have taken the Sivory Plan for this would have been financially disadvantageous compared to ordering a-la-carte.Upon checkout, it was difficult to reconcile the charges since the draft bill did not fully disclose the corresponding fees, and the front desk could not understand, let alone explain the bill. It was only after departing late to the airport that I discovered that an additional 26% fee was charged on top of the Sivory Plan. I promptly called the front desk from the van, alerted her to this problem, and asked the manager to contact me.I have written to the hotel several times, September 11th, September 26th, and October 6th. I finally received an email message from the manager on October 9th offering to PARTIALLY refund the amount. Since then, I have not heard from the manager or the hotel. It is now October 27th.This is a simple problem to address. There were only 3 couples staying at the hotel during that week!(3) Staff is generally friendly, but lied about their tips so that we ended up overtipping.There is a service fee that is included in the spa and massages which, according to the concierge, takes care of tips to the staff. The concierge admitted that the masseuse who told us that these extra fees do not tip her was lying.(4) After all the hidden fees and expensive meals, there are much nicer places to stay for less money.We have stayed in many resorts throughout the Caribbean and the world. The meals are extremely expensive (note the 26% surcharge) and the hotel rooms also have a large surcharge. Be careful! This turned out to be the most expensive vacation we ever had. Frankly, we've stayed at much nicer resorts for less money. The rooms inside are nice but outside they look like cell blocks. The patios are uninviting. The beach is pictoresque, but the waves are too strong for swimming (unless you like surfing). The water is not clear. The fact that there are no restaurants in the vicinity makes you a victim to overpriced meals. The place was infested with mosquitoes.(5) If you spend $5,000, which we have, you'd expect at least a response from the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>bluestarz
<Content>Sivory + Sun = Paradise My husband and I stayed at Sivory in early May 2006. We did our research, and had an idea of what to expect. - But surprises were around every corner! Upon arrival to the Dominican Republic, we were amused by the Thatched roof Airport! This was an unbelievable site. Our transfer to Sivory was about an hour, as expected. You will see a true slice of the Dominican culture. Yes, there is poverty, but this is life as they know and love it. Once at the resort, all of the sites along the way are quickly forgotten. Smiles, chilled champagne, and a cool towel are all a part of the warm welcome. This is the place we all dream about while stuck behind our 9 to 5 desks. Serene, calm, peaceful and quiet. The Villas are spacious, with decor in harmony with the surroundings. A huge shower and sunken tub are there to greet you after a long day relaxing by the pool, or on the beach. Speaking of the beach, you will most likely have it to yourself. There were only a handful of guests on the beach at any given time. Many reviewers have talked about the food at Sivory. We did not have the meal plan. We enjoyed the complimentary light breakfast which was delivered to our villa each morning. Lunch we ate poolside, and we sampled dinner at each of the restaurants. We're not huge drinkers, so a la carte worked well for us. You could even choose the lone table on the beach for your evening meal. Very romantic (although a bit windy!) Regarding the concern about mosquitos, no problem, we never even saw one! If you're looking for action, this is not the place for you. If you're really dreaming of a totally relaxing get-away, we recommend Sivory.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>kristindemartine
<Content>Paradise on Earth Sivory is a hidden resort built in the unspoilled dominican paradise on the boundary of a national wildlife preserve. This small resort caters to what Americans expect from a Five Star property. From the walk-in Showers with great water pressure to the all inclusive wine cooler in your room, you feel spoiled the moment you arrive.Sivory is a place to relax but you don't feel tool secluded having free internet access in every room. Each of the rooms are close to the ocean so the soothing sound is always present. The pool is perfectly placed a few feet from the beach giving guests the option of lounging under a thatched hut on the beach or a lounge chair built into the pool. Whether you want the pool or the ocean a pina collada or Heineken will be brought to you immediately.There are four restaurant in this small resort. You can choice to dine on the ocean at Laveranda, have French food next to a huge wine cellar or eat Asian Fusion food in Tao. During the day, hamburgers and wraps are available poolside at Blue. All restaurants offer a unique menu and if you are like us, they will prepare an authentic Dominican lunch or diner upon request.Every day at Sivory starts with what they call open eyes, coffee, milk, juice, fruit, and warm criossants are dropped off outside your room waiting for you when you decide to wake up. All this is topped off by a full service spa with deep tissue a massage which I found great after my run on the beach.Sivory from our experience is by far the nicest option in the Carribean having travelled to the Bahamas and other Dominican resorts if you want to relax. Planning a vacation to Sivory is a no risk proposition because of the staff and especially the General Manager Analis who is constantly making sure all your needs are attended to.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Peacefinder
<Content>Excellent relaxing vacation I had a wonderful relaxing vactation at Sivory Punta cana. I traveled there with my mom in the beggining of August. If you are looking for a beautiful secluded beach ( we never saw more than 4 people at a time on the beach during our 5 day stay! mainly due to the way the straw umbrellas are placed strategically for privacy) great food and service this is the place for you. The rooms are exquisite and the bathrooms are some of the best that I have seen. The staff is very polite and never intrude on your privacy.We stayed in a room with a privat patio and pool with the view of the ocean, and a 30 second walk to water!I would suggest taking a helicopter to the hotel from the airport. The drive in a cab is a little more than an hour becuase the last stretch of road is really in poor condition.The moment you arrive to the lobby you are greeted warmly and given a glass of champagne. The lobby is beautiful and has a balinese feel to it.The hotel pool is gorgeous, with beautiful, comfortable deck chairs and is never crowded. We did meet some lovely people from different parts of the world that were staying there as well. The pool provides a pleasant area to socialize during the day but it is never overwhelming or intrusive. If you don't want to speak with anyone the whole time you are there you can do that as well!The food was very good and there was a nice variety.If you are used to large all inclusive mega resorts with hundreds of people and Disney like entertaiment; then this place is not for you.If what you are looking for is a small ,luxurious, and chic place to stay and you want privacy. Bon voyage!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>jimena1
<Content>Absolute bliss!! Several articles have been published about Sivory in many travel magazines including Travel  Leisure, Conde Nast Travelers. It was also included in the Hot Hotels List for 2006. If you go to Sivory you will realize that they are absolutely correct and you will experience why, this hotel is absolutely beautiful! We stayed for one week at the beginning of July and it has been one of the best weeks we have ever enjoyed in a hotel! Sivory is a very low key, calm and quiet luxury boutique hotel. It has 55 rooms, 10 of which are oceanfront junior suites with a private plunge pool (we stayed in one of these and we think that they are the best!). It is about an hour drive from the Punta Cana airport. The road is bumpy with many potholes. If you are traveling by car you can have the hotel arrange the pick-up for $80 one way (Benz van with A/C, quite comfortable) or you can arrange your own transportation with a local driver, after you clear customs, for about $40 -$60 (cars vary, according to several guests who did this, some were small with no A/C, while others were OK with A/C). You can arrange a helicopter ride which is quite nice for about $144/person and is about a 20-25 minutes flight. Only drawback is that they are limited in space and weight and allow only 2 carry-on pieces. We wanted to do it in the return trip to Punta Cana airport but could not do it because of the baggage. Upon arrival you are greeted at the Porte Cochere with a glass of champagne! What a great start!The rooms are beautifully appointed with a plasma TV and a DVD/CD player, we took some movies with us and were able to enjoy them on some evenings (they have a very limited DVD library). The suite had a sitting area and the bed is situated in front of a large glass sliding door that with the curtains open we enjoyed a beautiful ocean view from our bed! The beach is absolutely gorgeous! You can walk for miles and enjoy the ocean, sometimes being the only ones there. The room comes also with a small refrigerator with complimentary soft drinks, water and beer and also a wine cooler with a fine selection on mainly Spanish wines at a reasonable price.You have 3 restaurants (Asian fusion, French and Mediterranean inspired). The pool bar also offered regular pool food (burgers, salads, etc.) The best part of this hotel is that the kitchen was always willing to accommodate your request. We had several dishes prepared for us not listed in the menu that were quite outstanding! The hotel has an optional all-inclusive plan that includes all your drinks, including the wines in you room cooler. Cost of food and drinks is in the high end so if you like to have your drinks including a wine bottle with dinner, I would suggest it since the location of the hotel makes it somewhat difficult to eat out due to almost no restaurants in the area (only one).The spa is a separate area that is Balinese inspired and encloses a pool with different hydrotherapies, massage rooms and a fitness center as well. We had several treatments and they were enjoyable. They provide you with fresh fruits and freshly squeezed orange juice and water at your request.The main lobby area has a bar open in the evenings and a pool table for your use. Bear in mind that this hotel does not have an active evening schedule. If you are the type of traveler who looks for evening entertainment/dancing, etc. this place is not for you. In the evening most guests dressed up for cocktails and dinner and call it a night after that. The lobby bar on some evening was very popular and guests came in and provided with pleasant conversation sometimes extending the evening for a while! Really nice, enjoyable quality time! We met wonderful people there!The best of this hotel is actually the staff. They are all very pleasant and always quite eager to serve you! . No matter where you were in the hotel (pool, spa, restaurants) they were all terrific and quite attentive. They will cater to you and will try very hard to make your stay quite pleasant. Pure bliss!!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>travelorrrr
<Content>Secluded Serenity       Grounds  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>koch
<Content>Bugs....tonns of Bugs The Hotel is great, but bugs are a real problem. My girlfriend could not leave the room the last two days. She must have had atleast twohundred sand flea bites.....not joking. The bug spray provided by the Hotel does not work and the Hotel has no medication for treatment. It s a great place....but we would NEVER come back!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Linebacker
<Content>Disconnected from all cares I have been to many different places in the world and had every kind of travel experience imaginable. At this point in my life, I know exactly what I like and exactly what I don't like. When browsing the Internet for a vacation in Punta Cana, I knew I did not want to be stuck on some resort that was so large they had to shuttle you from your room to the pool or shuttle you from your room to lunch, etc. I also did not want to be on a resort that had so much going on, that you have to sneak off to find quiet. There are plenty of resorts that fit that description in Punta Cana and they remind me of what I saw in Aruba or Cancun, and even on the other side of the island in Puerto Plata. I'll get to the point - If that is your cup of tea, then you will not like the Sivory. I began by restricting my search to the number of rooms at the hotel. I wanted a smaller number. Then I read the reviews, being most interested in reading the complaints first. I knew I could screen the reviews by people that complained about mosquito's, or some palm leaves that fell on the beach, or the bumpy road from the airport, or other such things the hotel has no control over. I knew after I eliminated those reviews, I could get to the real deal.What is the real deal? Sivory is At the end of the road. After leaving the airport, we passed several very large resorts. We passed Secrets and the driver told us it was $50 by taxi to that point. He mentioned this because we agreed to pay $55 to get to the Sivory. The road continued for a short distance. There at the end of the road we saw our hotel. It made no grand first impression on us - that is until we were greeted by reception with a fragrant towel to rub our hands and faces and a nice glass of champagne. Next we were led to our room and I was awed. Not only was the room great, but the views were spectacular. There was even a deck which you can sit on to enjoy the sounds and views of the ocean, while you eat the complimentary breakfast served to your room each morning.Southwest meets the Caribbean was a description I loved written by someone else and found quite appropriate. The style of the rooms was very much southwestern in design and decor. There was always an added touch by the housekeepers, doing everything from leaving rose petals in a bath filled with bubble water, to leaving towels made in the shape of swans covered with tiny flowers set at the end of your bed. We could do absolutely nothing or we could get a massage, go horseback riding, use a parasail, etc, etc. We were so relaxed that we felt the same as another guest, who said, our biggest decision is whether to get wet or not.I met people walking on the beach that had wandered from the nearest hotel. Their hotel, which although was within walking distance, was not within seeing distance. They asked me about our hotel and said they wished they had more quiet at theirs . They seemed very jealous and wanted to view the grounds. Whether or not security allowed them, I do not know..... If I was asked to find something negative about our trip, I could find one or two very small things to say related to the restaurants. For example, I wish the white wine had been chilled longer before being served, but the bucket of ice they set it in did the trick fast enough. Let me say this again. This won't be for everybody. If a tiny mosquito is going to ruin your day, then you won't be happy anywhere. If you have a problem meeting someone on the wait staff that does not speak every word in perfect English, then you won't be happy anywhere. If a bumpy road is going to spoil your trip, then you won't be happy once you get off the plane. You should stick with Cancun or Aruba. But if you want to be surrounded by natural beauty and forget everything you left behind, then this is the place for you.Who is this ideal for? It is ideal for romantics, and lovers. It is not suited for singles or families. And one last comment on being at a quiet and very romantic place... They will accomadate your every wish. We saw a couple being served dinner on the beach. A table was set for them and dinner was served under the light of the moon and the light of a lantern. The waves of the ocean were yards away. To give you an idea as to how nice the surroundings are - The waiter had to walk only a few feet off the deck of the restaurant to serve them. Tom from just outside of Washington DC.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TammyL
<Content>Absolute Heaven! This quite probably the most relaxing vacation I've ever had. My husband and I wanted a vacation where we could just relax without feeling like there were 10,000 things we should be seeing or doing- and this was the perfect place.Sivory is at the end of the road. It's off by itself with a private beach and a staff who looked out for our every need. The beach is gorgeous, the pool is gorgeous, our room was incredible, with an ocean view from our patio and out of the huge picture window that fronts the sitting area and the bed. There was also a huge soaking tub and a gorgeous tiled shower. Our room was kept stocked with complementary bottled water, soda, beer, and coffee. I bought our package (air, hotel, transfers) through another website but I didn't add-on the all inclusive extra at the time. I thought it was way too pricey at $250 per person, per night. When we arrived at the hotel, they offered the same add-on, the Sivory Plan, for $150 per person, per night, and that was definately worht the price. The 3 restaurants are not bargain-priced and the plan included a well-stocked wine cooler in our room, and all of the food, drinks, and alcohol we could want. The food left a bit to be desired. It was adequate, but not great. The wine selection was top notch though and the staff was very friendly and eager to please. The only activity we booked was to hire a driver for a day to take us into Higuay, about an hour away. We saw a lot of the country side and the city and had lunch in a local restaurant. There is lots more to do if one is inclined- horse back riding, parasailing, ATVs, scuba and snorkel, kayaking, etc. We had booked with just some down-time in mind and this was perfect. Probably not a great place for singles or families but it would be a great honeymoon spot.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Greygal
<Content>Be Cautious if Planning a Wedding at Sivory We selected Sivory Punta Cana for our wedding ceremony and honeymoon. Well, at least we thought we did. We worked directly with Sivory to plan our wedding, had picked a date, and started working through preliminiary details/questions. Communications were via e-mail and live and then all communications ceased. The wedding coordinator, who was very pleasant in emails and on the phone, simply stopped responding to emails or phone calls. Some of the follow-ups were items that the wedding coorindator initiated during our last communication (ie., putting together a group rate for our wedding guests, sharing more pictures, etc.) never happened. After numerous attempts to reach out to Sivory staff, we gave up. We were left with starting all over to find a new place for our destination wedding. The actions, or lack thereof, by Sivory staff made us think twice about even having our wedding ceremony anywhere in Punta Cana. Fortunately, we had starting planning early and it left us ample time to find a new destination at a wonderful resort in St. Lucia.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for those seeking a low key vacation Excellent accomodations, excellent service from wait staff, mediocre managerial staff. The accommodations are absolutely wonderful; the room has everything you could imagine. The housekeeping was not on a schedule, they were suppose to be aware when you weren't in your room, which we spent most of the time enjoying the cuisine, by the pool or out on the beach...out of 7 days this was never the case, each day I had to call to request house keeping and the fridge be restocked after 5:00pm. The managerial staff was not very helpful, they were all talk, and you make a request and hope they follow through. The wait staff was absolutely wonderful, sociable and always smiles. The cuisine was wonderful and there is a very extensive wine selection, yes there is even a stock wine cooler in your room for the true wine lovers. Be aware that the cost has been adjusted, our breakfasts consisting of French toast and eggs ran about $25 USD per person. When making reservations make sure that you ask are there any events scheduled, we were there from Sunday to Sunday and it was perfect, peaceful, very romantic...then Thursday the resort filled with wedding guests for a weekend wedding. The staff completely ignored the guests that were not part of the wedding, changed the days that restaurants were open to accommodate the wedding party which I thought was completely unprofessional and not indicative of a member of the Small Luxury Hotels of the world. The Spa Services left something to be desired. While the full body massage was the best that I have ever had in my life, the manicure and pedicure treatments were a joke, there was no soaking tub or relaxing chair, just your foot in a plastic garbage bag...I'm not being snobbish but for the $60 price tag you would expect something much better. The last comment is the mosquitoes, out of control, the repellent that the hotel supplies you with works about as well dumping some sugar filled kool-aid all over you, when ask for something else we were told that OFF works perfect...we would have to take a 30 minute cab ride each way to go get some....moral of the story is make sure that you bring OFF with you.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>4	2	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>HowardC
<Content>Undiscovered Gem-- Sivory Punta Cana WOW !!!鈥揅aught up in the rat race,? Stressed out on the job? , Need break from the kids and the daily hustle and bustle?, Sivory Punta Cana is a perfect place to relax and unwind. A member of the Small Luxury Hotels of the world Sivory is a little slice of heaven. Located in Playa Uvero Alto, about an hour west of the Punta Cana airport, Sivory is literally at the end of the road and away from the resort row of AI鈥檚. If you are looking for a lot of activities, entertainment, gambling etc Sivory is not for you. It is quiet, relaxed and intimate. Accommodations鈥?Sivory reminds me of a fusion of southwestern US meets the Caribbean. Perhaps it is the angular architecture and adobe color nestled in a palm grove. They have 54 suites which include a villa and honeymoon suite. We were in a junior luxury beachfront suite with a plunge pool about 20 yards from the beach. Suites are large and tastefully furnished in rattan, teak and wicker. The plunge pool is about 10' by 10' and on the deck there are two lounges, two comfy chairs with ottomans and a table and two chairs. Also a shower to wash off coming from the beach. Rolled out of bed and into plunge pool, cocktails before dinner in plunge pool and into it before bed. Heavenly!! The tub is large enough for two and there is a dual shower, one with a wand and another with massage jets to massage lower body. There is a complimentary mini bar stocked daily with soda water and beer. Also a wine cooler with six varieties of Spanish wine from $7 to $13 . Flat screen TV but if you are a TV addict be advised there are only 5 English speaking channels, NBC, CBS. TNT. ESPN and Discovery. There is also a CD/DVD player. The beach is awesome鈥揊ine powdery tan sand. Plenty of palapas for shade and lots of lounges on the beach for those wanting to work on their tan. Really large pool which is shallow enough to accommodate non swimmers. There is a putting green for those who want to putter around and a tennis court. They have snorkel gear, kayaks, windsurfers and a Hobie Cat sailboat. Other activities and tours off site can be arranged by the Concierge. Restaurants/ Food鈥揟here are three restaurants. Laveranda serves breakfast lunch and dinner. The breakfast menu is fairly standard. One thing not on the menu but very good is the breakfast club sandwich. Lunch is a variety of salads, sandwiches and for those wanting something heavier a variety of pastas. Favorite salad was the Nordique with shrimp and smoked salmon. The blue cheese burger was wonderful. For dinner there was a choice of chicken, pork, snapper, beef and a vegetarian entree. Really liked the Tuna Tartare appetizer. Not raw tuna but cooked with Jalapeno jelly and served with mustard ice cream.TAO is an Asian fusion restaurant and very good. Entrees are chicken, filet. lobster rolls, sea bass, and pork. The appetizer, seared almond crusted foie gras was wonderful. Sea Bass and Filet were great. They say the beef comes from the US but nothing like I can find. Tastes like beef should taste. The dessert Magical ball is a must and sinful.Gourmand is the French restaurant.鈥揕ovely dining experience. Entrees are lobster, guinea hen, snapper and fillet. Although the menus aren鈥檛 extensive everything is executed very well. The pool bar also serves lunch which is lighter. Salads and some very good wraps.At Laveranda and Gourmand you can either eat outside or in air conditioned comfort. TAO is indoor dining.Aguarea Spa鈥揑 am by no means a spa expert but this spa offered everything you could want. There is a sauna, jacuzzi, steam room, exercise room with tread mill, stair stepper, recumbent bike, universal weight machine and free weights. Agua implies water and there are six showers that all have different massage functions as well as a pool with three different stations to pummel your body with water. You could easily spend the whole day at the spa. I was rubbed, scrubbed, defoliated, refoliated, exfoliated from head to toe for three and a half hours and walked out felling like a bowl of jello. Best spa experience I have ever had.General comments鈥揊lew from Orlando via Ft Lauderdale to Punta Cana on Spirit. First time we ever flew them and it was very enjoyable until we reached Ft Lauderdale on the return. Spirit shares a terminal with the puddle jumpers that fly the islands. It took 1 陆 hours to clear immigration and customs. The line was worse than for a ride at Disney World. Only three immigration officers for US citizens and two customs officers. Needless to say tempers were short. We then had to drop off our luggage for transfer and go thru security again. Next time we will fly via Miami. The transfer from the Punta Cana airport and return was by a Mercedes Benz Van and was $80 each way. A taxi is a little less but with a wider wheel base and A/C the van was a better ride. In some places the roads are still pretty rough. If you are adventurous you can do the transfer by helicopter which takes 10 min and lands you right on the beach. $145/person.The price range for dinner at Laveranda is mid teens to mid twenties, TAO twenty to thirty dollars and Gourmand thirty to forty dollars ( for two lobster tails). One day I had to go to the bank so we went to Plaza Uvero Alto and stopped by El Navegante for lunch. It is a seafood restaurant on the beach. Really good. Had two pounds of lobster and wife had grilled garlic shrimp. Must have been 30 shrimp on the plate. Lesson#1-Share. Skip the sides of salad and fries and just have seafood and plantains. Also went there for dinner and had grilled conch and a local fish cirrhata (sp) which was like a steak fish and delicious. El Navegante will provide transportation fron Sivory and return via taxi or for the adventurous they will take you by ATV鈥檚 along the beach.The Sivory staff was outstanding and went above and beyond to make sure you were enjoying your stay. Didn鈥檛 have any language problems. They were all proud they were learning English and happy to teach you some Spanish. Some are being sent to school to improve their English.Sivory offers several packages on their web site. I got our package on Luxury Link. One thing included was an early AM coffee eye opener which not only included coffee but fruit cup, juice and pastries. Since breakfast was included in our package and there was a coffee maker in the room we canceled the eye opener but it did arrive on a couple of occasions. Overall Sivory was a wonderful experience. Great place to relax and bury your head in the sand. The sun comes up and goes down and the biggest decision you鈥檒l have to make is what to have for breakfast, lunch and dinner, Sivory is truly a jewel.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Must Love Bugs This hotel, for all its good intentions, falls far short . THe staff tries hard, but waiting a half an hour for a drink, or an hour for dinner is inexcusable. There isnt a peanut to be found, and while we couldnt get a meal in a timely fashion, the bugs were feasting away on us. THe staff could really only handle one request at a time, and even though the hotel was virtually empty, we had a hard time getting service. THe internet connection in our room didnt work, and every day we called but it never got fixed......A rake would go a long way in clearing leftover construction materials, left in the path from the room to the beach, which, in all fairness, is about the nicest beach Ive ever seen. The final insult was our last night when we were bitten by bedbugs so badly that I am now taking prednisone. It was our anniversary and the staff sweetly covered our bed with bug infested rose petals. If they get any business from their recent press, they will be way over their heads.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Extremely relaxing!!!       pool  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>pruebear
<Content>very disappointing Do not be fooled by the extravagant website, write ups in Travel and Leisure and this hotel's status as a Small Luxury Hotel. This place is a terrible disappointment. The food was really quite awful - at exorbitant prices. The 10,000 bottle wine cellar is made up of 100 wines at most. They're not particularly well kept - one of ours had turned. The staff are incompetent. Food orders were forgotten or took hours to come. The lock on our door broke and they left us locked outside our room for two hours at sunset one night. There was nowhere to escape the mosquitoes and we were mauled - we're still scratching 5 days later. At check out we asked nicely for some concession on our room rate given the significant inconvenience. That was rejected, there was no apology and we were told simply, things go wrong. All my subsequent emails to the manager have been ignored. The hotel is so remote you really are trapped there. I have stayed at several SLHs and many other Caribbean hotels and nothing was this disappointing. The beach is lovely. The oceanfront rooms have a marvellous view but neither go near to making up for the failings. Your money and precious time are better spent elsewhere.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>1	2	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>hbornst1
<Content>I'm still waiting for dinner My wife and I arrived at a resort that looked like a construction site even though it was finished. We opened the room and the smell almost knocked us over. The room is very dark and furnished like a third rate motel off an interstate. They call ed it a suite.We went outside to the plunge pool and realized that there is no privacy. Every could watch you and also see right through the bedroom window. We tried to eat breakfast but they stop serving at 10:00AM just before everyone gets up.Forget about lunch and dinner. You need to order the day before if you are ever going to get served. You sit for hours waiting. There is no real privacy but there are plenty of mosquitos and other biting insects. The bug spray they give you does not have DEET so it doen't work There is no beach service. You can sit under a tree and get bitten or you can proceeed to the beach and carry your own chair down to the water. The chairs have no cushions so they are lighter for you to carry yourself. There is no beach ser vice. They do not serve drinks or food and you can bring you own towel to the chair they you have relocated. However, the beach i absolutely beautiful.The spa is amaturish. The masseuse sat on me while she is giving me a masssage. It closes early before any can come and they all go home. The gift shop sells nothing. My only entertainment for the week was doing magic tricks for the help. The food is okay if they ever serve you. Don't eat outside because you will become the meal for the bugs.There is absolutely nothing to do here but to wait on youself. Bring plenty of movies if you want something to do.The $300 per couple meal plan is a jip. However, if you order from the menu you will find that they have obscenely overpiced everything which makes the food undigestible from the start.This place is a small luxury disaster not a small luxury hotel. Go somewhere else.This place needs to be knocked down and re-started from scratch.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pure Serenity with Class Sivory offered us welcomed relaxation, surrounded by a beautiful resort with warm and helpful staff. It was so nice to be surrounded by dedicated people, proud of their resort and willing to assist with your every whim. The suites were the most beautiful and comfortable we've ever experienced. The patio and plunge pool were a wonderful addition, which we used everday after walking on the beach (hardly any bugs - and I am a magnet for mosquitoes) or sitting at the pool (which has the best lounge chairs). The spa and gym were wonderful, as well and the treatments. The food was absolutely delicious. The choices were numeous and beautifully prepared and presented through each course. The wine list was extensive and very enjoyable (including the bottles in our room!). After a week of pure indulgence, we ended our stay with a helicopter ride to the airport - amazing! We will return!  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>seasea
<Content>Loved it but didn't use enough bug spray! I loved the resort. The suite was lovely, I could lay in bed and look out at the ocean or sit on the patio by the plunge pool to relax. I should have taken the hint from the insect repellent and room spray in the closet that the biting insects were vicious. I tend to be a mosquito magnet anyway but had multiple bites because I did not spray myself thoroughly and repeatedly throughout the day and evening.The beach and pool were gorgeous. I enjoyed my spa treatments and the spa and hotel staff were polite, pleasant and very accomodating.I thought the appetizers and entrees tasted good although the side dishes were mediocre. I did go the all inclusive route and didn't regret it. The wine selection was excellent, especially for a hotel that size. I had quite a few meals in my room or on the patio and liked having a decent wine bar in my room.I took the vacation so that I could relax, I didn't want to socialize or party so it was perfect for me. I will return when the opportunity presents itself, but will make sure that I'm prepared for the insects. The insects are the only reason I did not give this hotel an excellent rating.  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Legler
<Content>Luxurious Relaxation       Beach  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I wouldn't go back We just return from a 5 day stay at this hotel, the hotel is nice, but is really far away from everything, and kind of boring, and some of the prices are really high, as an example they charges for a coke 9 dlls., that鈥檚 way over the line. And another thing, the beach is almost virgin, but they haven鈥檛 get rid of the mosquito鈥檚, so we couldn鈥檛 enjoy the beach or the pool much.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice but.... My wife and I just returned from a 5 night stay at the Sivory. I have been all over the world and this resort is beautiful and the rooms are wonderful. You will not be bothered by anyone here, as this is a quiet resort.We did NOT do the all inclusive plan and saved about $500 since my wife is not a drinker and we are not gluttons (Sivory plan is $300 a day for the couple).Here are our comments:- Food was a 5 out of 10. The waiters mixed alot of the orders up even though my wife is fluent in Spanish. The food itself was ok at best.- Getting there is a show. 50 minutes in a van or taxi ($50 to $60 each way) on a poorly maintained road.- Staff was great although one of the waiters tries to sell us a cd of jamaican music that was hidden in his pants behind his boss's back (no kidding).- Spa was a 6 out of 10. Massages were ok and the facilities were small.- We took 3 trips to Secrets nearby and found out that they allow guests from the Sivory. Since it is an all-inlcusive resort, all of our food and drinks were free. There was no way to pay for them even when we told them we were guests of another resort (this also helped save us money ;) ). Secrets is a BUSY resort with lots of people and noise. Food there is a 3 out of 10. But they have a small little casino, a neat little spa and plenty of activities if you get bored at the Sivory. Taxi rides are about $7 to $10 each way.Overall we enjoyed the trip, but prefer Cancun and other places better. We will not be returning to the D.R. anytime soon.Hope this helps,Jon  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mhrhino
<Content>Peaceful, Relaxing and Extraordinary Just got back from 7 days at the Sivory and look forward to going back again and again. Since the resort has only been open 5 motnhs it is surpising that everything when so smooth and I think it was a tribute to the staff of the resort and their desire to be helpful. By the second day the staff knew no fruit with drinks and room numbers.For anyone looking for Club Med activities they will be disappointed. The restaurants were never crowded, nor were the beach chairs or chairs by the pool, yet the resort was 70% full.The service was impeccable. Just need to keep in mind you are in a Spanish speaking country and everyone is not bi-lingual. The bar service was excellent and they would come to our patio several times to ask for drink orders and the maids were very unintrusive.If you are looking for a peaceful relaxing resort this is it.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>woolie
<Content>Would go back in a Hearbeat! My husband and I just got back last night from the Sivory in Punta Cana.Starting with the helicopter ride from Punta Cana Airport to the hotel, it was nothing less than wonderful.Several people from the staff met us directly on the beach with scented cool towels and cold champagne while they took our luggage and set up our room.The room was GORGEOUS with its own private plunge pool overlooking the ocean a few feet away.We immediately made ourselves at home, ordered a snack and took a tour of the facility. Everything was gorgeous and inviting. The sommolier gave us a guided tour of his prized wine rooms and champagne cellars and ask our preferences for our stay.We stayed active, either deep sea fishing, using the hobie cat, kayaks, everything available to us.The spa was wonderful, we used it daily. There are several treatments not included in the price and we tried most of them, however much of the spa is open to guests who wish to use the Sauna, Steam room, private pool areas, you name it! Couldnt have been better!We loved this resort. If anything needs changing, its adding screens to the doors so when you open your patio to hear the ocean, you dont get clobbered by mosquitos. The food is consistently good, not amazing, but definitely worth taking the Sivory Plan.Room Service was quick and within one day had our tastes down to a T. We'd come back from the pool or some other excursion and there would be drinks placed in a huge ice bucket brimming with ice. We never had to ask for anything!There is nothing better than top notch service from a special staff, being pampered and having a small resort basically to yourself. It was as if everyone was there to please only us. If you want a private, romantic, clean place to go, dont hesitate. This is the place.On your way back to the Punta Cana Airport, ask for the larger helcopter that has more seating and a small jet engine. Its quite a fun tour of the island and the only way to travel.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We became terribly ill and will never go back!!!       view from oceanfront suite  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LizaSagHarbor
<Content>A Dream Vacation, We loved the Sivory!       trash that washes up on their beach  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MisterTex
<Content>For the Jet-Setter that wants absolute privacy, peace and quiet. We stayed at the Sivory from March 22 - 28. Sivory is fantastic but it鈥檚 not for everyone. Have small children or teenagers 鈥?forget it. They will be bored to death. Are you a college student looking for some spring break action 鈥?you won鈥檛 find it here. Maybe a single guy or gal that wants lots of planned activities during the day and disco all night 鈥?no way. Like loud music blaring from speakers around the pool or beach vendors trying to sell you the local junk 鈥?then this resort is not for you.Simply put, Sivory is a brand new boutique resort (only 55 rooms) with a staff that鈥檚 larger than the average number of guests. No room is more than a few steps to the beach, the only sound you hear is the breaking waves, the wind in the palms and some soft flamenco guitar music in the bars and restaurants. You never have to search for a vacant lounge chair or palapa and the beach/surf is perfect 鈥?flat and shallow out to about 100 yards with small waves that are a blast. Best of all, you鈥檝e got about 3 miles of deserted beach all to yourself. The spa has steam, sauna, Jacuzzi and gym, and management will arrange any type of excursion you might want, from scuba trips to horseback tours of the area. Comfortable new mattresses, down body pillows and cold air conditioning make the 800 square foot rooms delightful.Finally, the food is excellent. Sure, there are a few problems since they hotel has only been open for about 4 months. The hamburger buns were too hard, and they haven鈥檛 yet figured out that they should include some butter and preserves with their complementary fruit and rolls delivered to your door each morning 鈥?big deal. The steaks are like butter, the lobster is grilled to perfection and the wine selection is extensive. Yes, the menu prices are high because most of the food has to be imported, so I would recommend paying the extra $100 per person for the all-inclusive plan. In summary, this is a small deluxe resort for the jet setter who wants complete privacy, peace and quiet. If you can afford it, I recommend taking the helicopter to and from the Punta Cana airport as the ride is bumpy and takes a bit over an hour, however you can reserve a brand new Toyota minivan with driver for $70 each way.One last word of caution: take plenty of bug spray and apply it liberally every morning, afternoon and night since the entire Punta Cana coast has lots of mosquitoes and sand fleas. The area around the resort is sprayed daily, but walk a few hundred yards down the beach and you will need your insect repellent.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Gargo
<Content>If you,ve been good this year ,go SIVORY!!!!!!!!!!! My wife and I just returned from Sivory, Punta Cana. Why are vacations so short?? I had an excellent relax time. My work keeps me on a constant stress, and I was looking for a magical place to hang my coat and tie and go barefooted to a close to deserted private beach. SIVORY, HAS IT, the exclusiveness, no hazzle, NO crowds at any time, beautiful pool, excellent staff ( always willing to please ), salads and sandwichs at the beautiful pool side cafe  Blu Bar are to die for, and the chocolate cake dessert at laveranda is to write home about. What else do you do you need, This is a place to fall in love again ( I have to admit I'm a hopeless romantic) ja ja!One suggestion take a taxi to the hotel, the roads aren't Top Ten, but this way you really appreciate were you come from. On the return home take the chopper experience to the airport, what a view from above.Be ready for chilling champagne at check-in, and starry nights, LIFE IS SO HARD.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>blkspy1005
<Content>Relax And Enjoy Let me start this review by stating that the photos that are already posted are the same as the ones we have. So i wont post any at this time. We were invited to spend a night at the Sivory by the Secrets staff. In return for doing so we received a FREE 3 night future stay at Secrets---we jumped at the offer. More about this in my Secrets review.Arrival:We were met by the staff with hot towels and champaine--it was so nice. WE knew we were in for a special day. We were escorted to our villa-room #112. Once the door was opened our fantasy ride began.Room: The room was the best hotel/resort room we had ever seen. small living room, flat screen T.V., beautiful bathroom, shower for 2, king size bed, mini bar with excellent choices of wine--priced $7-$16, in a word--WONDERFUL.Pool: the pool is just the right size for the resort,small but large enough. Every where you looked--wicker funiture. the pool lounge chairs were the best--we wanted to bring them home. If you needed anything--it was right there for you. we just relaxed and wished we could stay forever.Beach: Was deserted!!! we felt that it was there just for us alone--this was 1PM!!!!We thought we had walked into a dream and we planned not to walk out. If you want to relax and not be bothered by anything or anyone--this is the place.Bars: If there were more than 30 people at the resort we didn't see them--the bars NEVER had more than 10 people in them any time we were there or walked by. it was like EVERYTHING was there just for you.Resturants: We had dinner in the french resturant--the setting was VERY NICE...the bread (too hard), salad (bland), was not good. BUT the main dish-chateaubreand (SP) was melt in your mouth good. The wait staff was attentive and treated you with class. There are 3 tables on a small patio and 8 tables inside--VERY NICE.We had breakfast the next morning on the patio over looking the pool and beach--VERY NICE. Some people we spoke to didn't enjoy the food--we had NO problem with it...SPECIAL TOUCH: I needed a new shirt pressed--couldn't find an iron/board anywhere in the room. called the front desk-they said they would be right over. 5 min. later the doorbell rang (yes-doorbell) and a young lady came and took my shirt and slacks with her to be pressed!!!!!! 10 mins. later they were returned to me--PRESSED and in dry cleaner plastic--like home. I was touched---better than my cleaners at home. Lady's and gentlemen at the Sivory they press your cloths for you-is that a great touch or what?????CONCLUSION: If you are looking for a small (55 rooms) QUIET place to just relax, but you want a high level of service if you need anything at all--the SIVORY is for you...There is no night life at all--BUT they give guest DAY-PASSES to Secrets so you can go there to see the shows, etc. at night. Secrets is only 2 miles away and cabs are $6. Also there is a great club about 35 min. away and the driver will WAIT for you--i heard it was only $40. not bad to get back safely...The Sivory is a little expensive and you need to be sure what is included in there package in terms of meals, etc. But if rest, relaxation, and quiet dreams are what you seek---this is the place.Email me if i can help you in any way...  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Oceanis
<Content>Beautiful Disappointment Recently stayed for one week at the Sivory. The resort was small, as expected. Occupancy was low, which we also didn't mind. The beach in front of the place is well maintained. The sound of wind and waves envelope you along with gorgeous palm trees, turquoise water, and outstanding Nassau blue skies. The room is also spacious and comfortable with a great balcony. While small, the pool is attractive and pretty with its night lighting. The outdoor furniture is top quality and very comfortable at the pool and beach. This is where the perks stop . . .My husband and I expected and paid for what was touted as a five star luxury resort with gourmet food, top shelf liquor, first class service. We went with the Sivory Plan because we had heard the ala carte food was expensive. We both were extremely disappointed with the food and became ill from it our entire trip. This was a major detraction since there is no where else to eat. You are fully away from all forms of West Indies civilization and 80 minutes (grueling, moon crater-filled narrow roads) from the Punta Cana airport (Sivory advertises 40 minutes). Each meal we would try a different dish at one of the three restaurants in an attempt to find something palatable. The menu is limited. On top of the printed limitations, many items were not available the entire week. The food is bland and everything from the croissants to eggs to butter to meat is permeated with a pungent oil flavor. The lobster was ordered three different times and was tough and inedible. The texture of the filets were more like a chuck roast. The presentation is not gourmet by any five star standards. The only dish that came close was the Grand Marnier Souffle served in the French restaurant. The resort does stock top shelf liquor, but the staff is inexperienced in mixing drinks. One might be good and the next five terrible no matter what type was tried. The Sivory Plan wine is very low quality and brands that no one would be familiar with. Even lower priced American wines, such as Kendall-Jackson are not on the Sivory Plan.Sometimes the staff would run up to provide guests towels at the pool. Oftentimes, guests had to get their own. The towels laid on the chairs all day until an evening clean up was performed. If the resort ever becomes fully occupied, this will cause a problem for guests finding open chairs. We expected to have the option of room service, as advertised. The staff acted surprised that the room did not haven a menu in it when we called to request one. We asked three more times and never did receive one. Another expectation was to have the in-room refrigerator restocked daily. This only happened one time during the week. When we requested Coca Colas, water or Cervesa by phone, the staff seemed overwhelmed and confused. Several times we received a glass of beer delivered to the room on a tray instead of bottles to be placed in the refrigerator. The lack of staff training is obvious. We experienced some language barrier issues and personality indifferences from staff. Some staff expected tips and others were there to please no matter what. Our housekeeper and the evening turn down crew were wonderful and consistently pleasant. We tipped all levels of staff periodically when we felt it was merited. We learned that the staff get paid once a month from the division of the 26% service charge. The staff work very long days and share a rotational bunk house on the grounds.Maintenance was frequently in our room two to three hours at a time over a three day stretch to repair the outdoor balcony light. We enjoyed not having one the first couple of evenings because of the thick mosquito population. If bugs are attracted to you, you will leave chewed up even if you spray yourself. We experienced bites ourself, but not nearly as bad as some of the guests there. The mosquitos (with their Malaria threat) are ever present. We observed staff in pesticide suits treating the beach area in the mornings and had minimal problems with sand flea bites. Be careful walking barefoot in the sand directly off the resort's deck. It is filled with small pieces of tile, broken plastic and the like. I cut my foot pretty badly the first day we were there. We went to this resort with an open mind expecting some opening pains due to its newness. However, what we encountered was beyond our most generous allowance for service and quality--particularly in contrast to the Sivory's premium accommodation charges.Spend your money at a resort you'll enjoy and one where you can walk away feeling like you got your money's worth. The Sivory was a huge disappointment and doesn't measure up to a Small Luxury Hotel classification or other resorts that we have stayed at in other countries.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Cas01
<Content>Unprepared and overpriced We recently returned from 8 nights in a luxury oceanfront/plunge pool suite at the Sivory. The venue is fantastic: the location of the pool, the oceanfront suites shrouded in palm trees steps away from the ocean were magnificent-the picture of a tropical paradise.Regrettably the services and staff are not a match for the beautiful facility making it no where near a five star category as advertised. Everything from the poor food quality, to the very slow inept service or general lack of service, steeped in confusion and lack of training, really detracts, disappionts and falls short of 5 star expectations.Ordering food became a daily ordeal. It was difficult to determine if this was due to a language problem, poor training, indifference or all of the above.Why it should take 3 days of deliberations to get plain toast instead of French toast for breakfast is a mystery. Ordering eggs became a daunting task. Gestures were used to describe scrambled, hard boiled, etc, as well as pointing to the translated menu, and still what came to the table usually bore no resemblance to what was ordered.The toast came French style, the eggs blackened fried in some unpleasant tasting oil, but nontheless either over-or-undercooked and usually cold.This is hard to understand since there were never more than 8 people in a restaurant at any given time and no more than 14 rooms occuppied at the resort. Butter became next to impossible to get and jam or marmalade unattainable.Similar confusion ruled at the 3 restaurants during dinner. Admittedly, the Asian restaurant was the most popular, the service was still slow but the Sea Bass was very good. The French restaurant was inconsistent offering bland filet mignon and a stringy, inedible lobster tail that refused to come out of its shell on one occasion.We did take the SIVORY PLAN in order to avoid paying $21.95 plus 26% tax for a hamburger at lunch and for an extra $10.00 dollars it could be delivered to your room (the room service charge was $10 even if you had the Sivory Plan and the 26% tax applied to your room rates also-a hefty surprise!) As far as the Sivory Plan is concerned...LET THE BUYER BEWARE...many exceptions rule, and they vary according to which staff person you ask. Make sure you get it in writing as to what is and isn't included and the pricing limits. As a word of caution the wine in the in-room wine cooler is included because it contains cheap wine under $20 value which applies also for wine in the restaurants. Decent bottles of wine carry additional costs. Alcoholic drinks provide a whole new range of mystery-what does each one cost, is it included in the plan, and what is the dollar amount covered in the Sivory plan for drinks. This turned out to be quite arbitrary ranging from $10-$20 depending on the staff person responding to the question. This confusion caused many unnecessary stressful and embarrassing confrontations with the waitstaff and a hefty unexpected charge on our bill. The charges were later removed following the managers involvement at check out.In general, the resort was a sad disappointment to us. Perhaps the issues encountered on our arival should have given us an indication of impending problems ahead. When we arrived were taken to the wrong room on an upper level which turned out to be already occupied. Then we were told the room we reserved wouldn't be available for a couple of days but we could stay in a lesser room once they found an unoccupied one. Finally, after some serious confrontation and waiting we were taken to our oceanfront room which had been ready and waiting for us all along, except the front desk conceirge took us to the wrong room. This perhaps set the tone for our visit. That and the fact that the plunge pool was so cold it was totally unusable. The main pool though beautiful to look at, almost impossible to use because of its frigid temperature. Restaurant hours that were very restrictive especially breakfast ending at 10am not exactly a good time on vacation. The lobby bar lounge was eternally deserted and closed by 10pm except for one night when 8 people finally joined each other for a drink to commisserate and the bartender said he had to leave because it was 10pm. Maybe with greater emphasis on training, service and attention to detail the resort (quiet as a morgue) will someday meet its objective. As for now, it does not belong on The Small Luxury Resorts of the World or five star resortlist and the money we had spent even at the introductory rate was definitely NOT WORTH IT. They should take a service and staff training lessons from the Secrets Resort next door!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>cboer711
<Content>Private, beautiful, and a place to return to My girlfriend and I stayed in the Sivory in the beginning of March and truly enjoyed our stay. The resort grounds are beautiful and private. We stayed in a oceanfront room with plunge pool. The room was fantastic with a wonderful shower and bath tub. The huge glass slider was situated perfectly in front of the bed looking out right to the beach, but the windows did not have screens on, so it was nearly impossible to listen to the waves as we slept (worried about bugs). All in all it was one of the most beautiful resorts that we have stayed at.We heard some grumblings about the food, but really enjoyed most of our meals. It is overpriced, but we had the sivory plan, so we did not have to worry about that. There are some problems though. Meals did not always match their descriptions, the salads all had the same dressing, the tenderloin in one restaurant was vastly different in quality than the tenderloin in another restaurant. That being said, the hotel was only half full, so we ate privately at each meal, which added to the experience. The food was good, but for the all inclusive plan at $150 per day per person (plus the 26% fee on top), the food should be exquisite.The spa is pretty amazing. They have pool stations with certain theraputic jets, which was very cool. Also, there is a set of six showers, all with different shower methods, which I enjoyed daily. It is true that the hottub wasn't hot, but the spa had a very zen feeling and it would be hard to complain about anything. The staff was very helpful. Unfortunately, it was not exactly spelled out what was included in the Sivory Plan. Also, we always had a question about tipping, some employees seemed to expect it, while others really deserved it. We only had big bills and the front desk would not provide us with change. So we ended up tipping sporadically, but were always worried that the tips were not being shared with everyone. As mentioned earlier, the hotel was only about half full. Part of the enjoyment of our stay was the privacy and the fact that we felt that we had the place to ourselves. The beach was empty and walking from our room to the beach, we could have avoided any other guests if we wanted to. I wonder if the sivory would be as magical if it were at capacity. If we stayed again, we might not do the sivory plan. There were rumors that the beers were $20 per bottle. In reality they are $8.62 and the wine bottles are relatively inexpensive. The bottles in the room are all between $7 and $20. The mixed drinks are more expensive at around $12 (remember that all of the prices do not include the 26% fee). We just felt that it was easier to indulge and be on the plan, so as not to constantly be calculating how much we were paying. Additionally, the water activities were all included, and we went snorkeling with a guy that worked in the hut at the beach. We also took out boogie boards. They also had other activities, but we were limited in time, but you can take advantage of all. Overall, it was a fantastic stay. Our favorite aspect was that the resort is very informal. I walked around in my swimming suit all day, and dressed very comfortably for dinner. In a luxury hotel, it was nice to feel as though I were at home.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Party-Guy
<Content>The good, the bad and the ugly We just returned from a week at Sivory, this place is for RR and nothing else so dont expect to be entertained, you need to do that yourself.The place is beautiful and the staff is very friendly but the service was lacking in many areas, granted they have only been open a few months, the price dictates 5 star service and I dont think this is the case. The food is good, but not excellent. Definitely get the Sivory Plan as a beer is 20US and a hamburger and fries is 26US.WE organized our transportation through Sivory and paid 220US for the trip there and back to the airport, this turned out to be a total disaster! They were almost an hour late picking us up to go to the resort and on the way back to the airport there was a mix up and the driver thought we should be paying him directly and threw a fit in the middle of the airport, screaming and yelling at us in Spanish!! I would recommend you organize your own transportation for less than half of this price!Overall we had a very nice relaxing time but for the price there are many more fish in the ocean!!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>drbri
<Content>Bad food? It is true the Sivory is not perfect, especially in terms of room services, but I would guess it will improve going forward as the staff gains experience in what is expected at a luxury property. However, how anyone can think the food is bad is beyond me. I suppose it's possible if you don't like eating grilled lobster and filet mignon al fresco to the sound of the waves breaking. C'est la vie.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CynSantaMonica_CA
<Content>Paradise- the most amazing place i have ever stayed at The service was impeccable, none other than I have experienced at any resort. Nor do I think I will ever at any other. The service was the best I have ever experienced. We took a taxi in but got the helicopter service on the way back to the airport. That was worth it and was the most amazing view! Only thing is make sure you go to this resort with someone you love beacuse you will be with each other every minute of the day- this place is not a place to meet other people- it is very remote from the city and other hotels. We snorkeled, scuba dived, rented a kayak, windsailed and boogie boarded. We tried all three restaurants and all of them have delicious food. They have a small boutique shop and they have really beautiful items. The rooms are remarkable and the staff is always there for you for whatever you need. We reccomend this place for anyone. It is paradise.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nessnesskitty
<Content>Great Rooms, Food not so good       Beautiful room, great bed  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>salentine
<Content>Sivory Resort Punta Cana       ariel view of reef (hearts)  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lanushka
<Content>Great place, but... I can pretty much second every good thing said about this place, but we had $800 stolen from our room, which certainly ruined what could be a perfect vacation.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NewYorkMarina
<Content>Loved Sivory Very relaxing place. If you like quite and want to have the beach all to yourself - this hotel is for you. Rooms are furnished in contemporary/indonesian style. Shower is huge for two people and has massage jets. Our balcony door was open most of the time and no problems with mosquitoes whatsoever unlike someone mentioned in one of the review here. The weather in Feb is awesome, always breezy and not too hot and not humid - very pleasant. The hotel is quite, no Caribbean music in the background and no crowds - we almost felt like we have the place all to ourselves. The hotel was 30% full when we stayed there, I guess it is due to the fact that it's just opened in Dec '05. The vegetation is still young and was recently planted. Hotel is extremely clean. Rooms are made 2 a day including turn down service. In the morning they bring a tray to a room: freshly baked muffins and croissants, fresh fruit salad and freshly squeezed orange juice - if you don't require a big american breakfast in the morning - this is more than enough and it is complementary. Lunch menu selection is good and tasty. As far as dinner is concerned, the food presentation in all 3 restaurants is top of class. The menu, though, needs a little more variety. I would recommend grilled lobster and fillet mignon (order medium, we ordered medium-rare and got it completely rare inside). Tequila desert and Florentine is good too. I ordered tuna in asian restaurant and 1st time they brought it - it was completely cooked through, I asked for it to be changed and when they brought it again - it was completely cold inside. The staff is very polite and tries to accommodate you in every way and I would still say that the service is good, but sometime times the stuff doesn't quite understand what you are asking - not everybody speaks english, which is OK, smth you have to accept in DR. Once I ordered breakfast and didn't get the order. Another time, we ordered food to our room and also didn't get it - it was delivered to another room. In all their food service needs a little more improvement but hotel is just opened and the new French chef (something of a character, like somebody said) that just arrived, they said, is working on it. The food is very expensive, even by New York standards. It is worth taking their Sivory meal plan. The wine cooler in the room is VERY convenient.The beach is not the best one I have ever seen but it is secluded, (there are always waves, but water is warm) hotel is completely isolated; it is 30min walk to Secret Excellence. I highly recommend taking a walk on the beach, just a short distance from the hotel is amazing stretch of the beach where water is calm and it just seems to be a paradise that you see on photos in the magazines.I do recommend a helicopter ride from the hotel to the airport when you leave.In all I would definitely come to this place again and recommend to others.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>1beast
<Content>Sivory is great! Just returned from a week at the Sivory in Punta Cana. The place is gorgeous, service is outstanding, and the food is fab! The hotel is literally at the end of the road, and should take 1 1/2 hours from the Punta Cana airport. It took us 2 1/2 hours on the way in (we drove). Roads are in miserable to terrible condition, and road signs virtually non-existant. However, once you arrive, things take a turn for the better. The rooms were wonderful, and the hotel staff was outstanding in every way. Take the all-iclusive- it was well worth it. The chef, Francoise Bouvet, is a former Cordon Bleu instructor, and it shows. The food ranked from very good to outstanding. Most wines and other drinks are also part of the deal. The Sivory has a sommelier, Juan Pierre, on staff whose recommendations were also very good. He seemed to remember our likes and tastes and made nightly recommendations. Sivory staff is headed by an extremely pleasant Ana Lisa, who always checked on us to be sure that everything was to our liking. Other staff was excellent as well, and it sure doesn't hurt that the weather is in the very pleasant 80s with sun almost all the time, and accompanied by that lovely Caribbean breeze. We loved the more active Atlantic waters here, as it made for great fun body surfing and wave jumping, and we often had the beach to ourselves. Our only hesitation is letting others know about the Sivory, as the secret will be out.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>robd212
<Content>Heaven at the Sivory!   showReview(4472980, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>take the chopper!   showReview(4467231, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfection   showReview(4456130, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A true leading hotel of the world   showReview(4456112, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>honeymoon in sivory   showReview(4456062, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lynnwill
<Content>First Class Resort   showReview(4455837, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lulu1069
<Content>Loved the sivory   showReview(4447073, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unforgettable   showReview(4415557, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PRSJCM
<Content>Sivory Punta Cana   showReview(4407391, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BellaSky
<Content>Toured the Sivory..               More photos  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Monja78
<Content>Insgesamt in Ordnung aber ...   showReview(17685475, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cath007
<Content>A 茅viter absolument !!!   showReview(13099063, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

