<Author>wendybushellPerth
<Content>An Oasis in Legian! We stayed at the Padma for 11 days over Christmas and New Year. We had a garden chalet, in Block 19. Our room was upstairs and overlooked Jalan Padma. There was a lot of trees, shrubs and palms beside the perimeter wall which gave a high degree of privacy and acted as a noise buffer. The rooms were well appointed and very clean. The daily provision of toiletries (including a emery board) were a very nice touch.Breakfast was well catered, with different hot dishes to choose from on a daily basis. The staff were all very friendly and helpful, always smiling and happy to chat. The hotel was busy while we were there, but there always seemed to be room to move. This was our first visit to the Padma and we will definitely return!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>LynskyPerthWA
<Content>Xmas  Have just returned from a 13 days stay at the Padma.Would definately stay there again. The service was excellent. We stayed in the Garden Chalets which with the experience of the Garden Club Lounge was well worth the extra charge. Breakfasts at the Bella Rosa Restaurant was more superior than the large Buffet breakfasts, although without the vast choice. We had a ground floor room which wasnt anything 'special' but adequate. However, next time we would ask for a first floor room as the upstairs neighbours were not very accomodating in their noise levels throughout the day/night. The Hotel was full but we had no problems in finding a bed/chair at the pool. During the stay they managed to find extra beds so no-one had to do the towel reservation at dawn! The bar prices at the pool are the same prices as you would pay in Perth, so not cheap for Bali standards.We didnt spend any time on the beach as it was quite disgustingly dirty. Bottles, plastic and dead fish. The amount of litter was an eyesore. Cant understand why its not cleared or cleaned!We can recommend a nearby Restaurant/Cafe/Bar called Indo-National on Jl Padma. Owned and ran by Aussies.The food was quality for a cheap price. Try the Garlic Prawns. Half a kilo for $10. We ate there a lot. Good service and clean, Also, nearby is a good bar/club to go to is called Legends.If your looking for handbags you wont get any better deal than buying from Instyle shop which is just outside the Hotels main entrance.The prices are good and the bags quality is good. Tommys bags are great if you want soft leather. They will make bags for you, just bring them a picture.The beaty Salon called Lindas is just outside the main entrance. Can get a massage in air conditioned rooms for 50,000rp I also had my hair washed and blow dried for $10. They are just as good as anywhere and much cheaper than the Hotel.The Hotel offered money changing. For the first time ever, the Hotel had the best exchange rate. We did not find anywhere else offering a better deal, and of course you wont get burnt! We didnt get transfers from the airport but chose to use a Taxi. If you use the Taxi stand on r/h side as you exit the arrivals lounge you will pay a standard charge for the trip. We paid 55,000rp to the Padma. Did hear other Aussies saying they paid 180,000rp but they didnt use the Taxi stand and negotiated with the local 'transport' !! Be careful :-) The best cabs to use are called Blue Bird cabs. They use meters and are very reasonable.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>12thtriptobali
<Content>Overated We normally stay at the Kartika Plaza but decided to return to the Padma 13 years after our first stay. The garden view room was expensive and we tried to move to something better - but there wasnt anything - the beautiful Junior Suite we had stayed in 13 years before was sadly very shabby now.The pool area is so overcrowded that you need to get up at 7am when the towel counter opens to reserve a lounge. People put books on their lounges even earlier to reserve them. This was not a relaxing part of the stay. If you dont get up early you dont get a lounge!The breakfast was fantastic! The location is great! Great DVD shop just up from the hotel on Jalan Padma and a good leather bag maker on the right.This is a very very popular hotel and has almost doubled in size since we were there. Lots of Australians. But for my money - the Discovery is a better bet.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>darcyColacVictoria
<Content>disappointed We arrived at the Padma after a fantastic week at the Laguna in Nusa Dua. It was a disappointment the resort was so busy the pool area is so small for a resort of this size people are nearly lying on top of each other if you can even get a pool chair . Lots of drunks around the poolbar ,screaming kids everywhere if you are looking for a relaxing holiday avoid the Padma. The breakfast buffet is great a huge selection of food. The rooms are ok .but are looking a bit tired as is most of the resort there are much nicer resorts in the area to stay  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	2	3	2	2	

<Author>cherbern
<Content>The Garden Club is great Value The Padma is a huge secure resort right on the beach in Legian.My wife and I stayed for two weeks in a Garden Club Chalet which is a ground floor spacious room. The bed is huge, good size plasma tv with lots of stations and a lovely huge shower in the separate bathroom. The ground floor access is ideal for those with bad knees and the chalet we had was only a few steps away from the main dining location where a fabulous breakfast can be had and the pool. The Garden Club Lounge is the true winner with wonderful service and is a well appointed retreat with complimentary cool drinks from 10am and then lovely selection of cocktails and plentiful finger food from 5-7pm every day. The food and drinks flow and really you dont need to go out and eat dinner.The Padma has the biggest pool and is ideal for those wanting to swim laps. The resort is beautifully maintained and you could stay here and never venture out. The beach is across the road and although the wet season had started we did get to see several lovely sunsets. The resort has a number of great spots to view the stunning sunsets. Facilities that I didnt use but had a good look at were the well appointed gym and the two full scale tennis courts. My daily routine was an hours walk along the beach followed by a few laps swim. Then shower and change for a huge scrumptious breakfast. You can eat in the Bella Rosa where it is more personalised small buffet meal or the main cafe with an enormous array of hot and cold food for every palate, with selections to please those from asia or europe/west were well catered for.I never tried the Resort Spa as I saw the prices were quite expensive compared to the area just outside the resort. I had a daily massage for an hour at RP50,000( less than AUD$7) plus gave a tip of RP20,000. The Balinese are wonderful people working extremely hard to give you a wonderful time. Just remember that when you start to bargain that the price is already low and that the vendor's livelihood is probably less than RP50,000 per day income. Be comfortable when you achieve a price that you both are Happy with.We have been to Bali before and on this trip stayed away from the more traditional sightseeing places. This time we explored Uluwatu Temple for a few hours, its about an hour away past Nusa Dua and is on spectacular cliffs. Then we went to Candidasa in east Bali. What a change of scenery and pace!!!This area is well worth a 2-3 day stay. Finally we travelled north to Lovina on the far north coast, travelling through the very centre of Bali. Stopped at Lake Bratan, fabulous locale before going to Git Git Falls, across the steep mist covered mountains to Singaraja then Lovina. Not many tourists here and as in Candidasa a glimpse of the old Bali. Both trips easily done in a day but really deserve much longer. We used the same driver, Tony and he was tremendous.We loved The Padma, it is a great resort with lovely well kept gardens, great service and in a quiter part of Kuta away from the discoes etc. So impressed that we have already made enquiries to come back for a 3 week stay next year. Cant wait!!!!!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>lou_lou_in_hk
<Content>very comfortable       view of clubhouse at night  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>mnsydney
<Content>Good quality hotel I stayed at the Padma for 7 nights in November. Probably the main highlight of the Padma was the excellent buffet breakfast and the friendly service - I can't fault the service. Dissappointly I arrived to find the Deluxe Chalet was not available for the first night despite having booked some months ago. I was changed to a superior room and compensated with massage and dinner for two. When finally moved to the chalet late the next day I was a bit dissapointed that it was located at the boundary to the property - some slight traffic noise. Room was nice, bathroom great but the outdoor area not particularly pleasant to sit in and lot's of mozzies. The free dinner was a little dissapointing as we booked for later in the evening and the buffet was pretty much at the end - staff were very pleasant though.If I had my time again I would not bother paying extra money for the chalet as I think the superior room (short of the bathroom) was actually nicer and probably represented better value for money.The pool area is very nice and would be great for a family with kids with plenty of activities.The hotel is well located in Legian.Whilst I think the Padma was reasonable I am not sure I am would book again given the opportunity to try something else.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Aussiefamily_7
<Content>Paradise We (2 adults and 2 young kids) recently returned from a trip to Bali, and had the pleasure of staying at the Hotel Padma for 8 days. Everything about this hotel was perfect, from the rooms, to the food, and the staff and breakfast. Could not fault it. The pool was huge and the grounds are immaculate. Would stay there again in a heart beat.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AIRANDSEA
<Content>Best Stay Ever       Lobby  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>eugeggy
<Content>Disappointing stay We have just returned from a week in Bali, during which we stayed at Padma Bali for just one night at the Deluxe Chalet.When we arrived at noon, our room wasn't ready yet, which was expected, so we walked around to check out the pool and the beach. Beach access was close by, pool was huge and packed.When we were brought to our Deluxe Chalet, it reeked like cigarette. It's almost as if I was in a lounge/pub before smoking was banned. We notified reception right away and they sent someone to come and spray our room with air freshener. The guy suggested we stay in the balcony while the air con circulates the air freshener sprayed room. After half an hour, the room still smelled bad, but it was a little bit better, the pillow cases were saturated with cigarette smell, so we called front desk. They did politely apologize that the hotel is fully booked, so they recommended sending the air freshener guy again. At that point, any suggestion sounded promising. Almost as soon as we hung up, my boyfriend stepped on a big wet spot on the floor next to the bed, turned out the air con was leaking! We were both laughing so hard because it was quite a ridiculous situation. So I called reception again, they said they'd send someone soon. I kindly reminded her that we were the stinky room too so it was easier for her to send people. She apologized again. The maintenance guy came with a ladder and knew what to do right away so I'm guessing that the air con leakage is a recurring problem. He brought air freshener too! We left for the beach while he was fixing up the place and when we came back we were happy to see dry floor and a bottle of air freshener left in the room for us. We sprayed again for the 3rd time since the cigarette smell was still quite apparent. Ironically there was a 'do not smoke' sign right at the front door knob.The pool opened until 9pm, we went for a swim at 8pm and it was really nice then. Only 5 other people around, the pool bar was still open, you can order a drink and swim around under the stars while waiting for your drink. Indeed the pool at night was more appealing than at day time. We went to the main restaurant for dinner after some pool time, by then the buffet was closed, so we just ordered 2 dishes and 2 drinks. My Oolong Tea came in a can and my boyfriend ordered a glass of ice lemon tea. That ice lemon tea was responsible for his stomach problem for the rest of the trip. We suspect it's the bad ice in the drink. His upset stomach remained for a week since then. Overall we were disappointed with Padma Bali because of the all the great reviews here. Maybe it was just our bad luck with the smoky room/leaky air con/bad ice. I hope it doesn't happen to you.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>mishd676
<Content>Love Love Love the Padma!       padma hotel grounds  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>loznbails
<Content>Great Hotel, a few niggles       Statue in hotel entry  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>niftyholidays
<Content>Great Holiday for your 50th Birthday We liked this Resort because of the Club Lounge area, when we arrived we were taken to this lounge for a drink and booked in to our room sitting down on a couch with a cocktail, what a way to start your holiday. The lounge is open from 5-7 for free and includes all drinks and cocktails Thank you SUMEI he was great everytime we walked in he knew what drink we wanted with out asking.We then were taken to our room slightly older than what we had hoped for but very comfortable once they finsh the renovations mid 2009 this will make a major difference. Because we had 2 people turning 50 in my friends room was his birthday cake what a surprise, this was a great way to finish the day.My wife is a Coeliac (no Gluten) so before we left I sent the Resort information and at breakfast they made her pancakes and anything else she would asked for they would go out of there way to make sure she would not get sick.If you are staying in the Club rooms then make sure you have breakfast in the private area they cook it for you and you can get other things the main area does not have we only had breakfast here twice and hwne we return we will always have breakfast here.All the Restaurants had been instructed on what was required if she did end up eating, the Japanese and Italian were fantastic. So make sure if you require special needs all you need to do is send an email before you travel and most Resorts will help as much as they can.The pool are is large but deep so if you can not swim stay in the shallow end but this end is still slightly deep. Most of the pool has a ledge around it so you can sit on this ledge and keep cool. You can also go over to the bar there is a shallow part so while you keep cool you can have a drink. The only problem I found around the pool bar there was not enough seats to sit while having a drink.The grounds are large so if you want a resort close to the pool this is not the resort for you, I liked walking through the trees and seeing the squirrels running up and down the trees was fantastic.I was dissapointed with the beach the sand is volcanic and dirty and dog crap so watch were you walk. But you must go for a walk the sunset's are fantastic and its great in the morning.We were asked if we wanted to go to UBUD for 2 days after we had been at Padma for 4 because the Resort had over booked at first we did not want to go until they showed us a picture. When we arrived we found ourselves in a beautiful forest with a Resort that only had 32 rooms, called KOMANEKA it had only been opened for 2 months, what a place we did not want to leave after 2 days. If you want a place to stay then I know you will love this place they have 3 Resorts and they are all fantastic 5 star++.Came back to Padma for the rest of our stay back to our same rooms so it was like going away for the weekend and then coming home. We were given 2 free dinners so we used them for my 50th in the Italian Restaurant all you can eat and we did, just before we finished they came out with my birthday cake singing happy birthday.I could go on talking about this Resort but I can only say if you want to go to a place that does not have many Children this is the place but make sure you book the Club room and get the special treats. The small amount it cost you will get back over and over again just by eating and drinking the 2 hours each day.If you like wine then drink as much as you can before you leave just like Phuket and other asian countries wine is expensive and watch the monkeys they will steal your glasses so hang on to them tight. I could go on for ever about this place so go and see for yourself but once again try and book the Club rooms we will be coming back to this Resort in April 2010.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>SmileyPerth
<Content>Padma is an Awsome hotel       Pool area  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>wuzile
<Content>Light  Light and shaddow! The reception is horrably slow and unefficient. Rooms with same standart are VERY different in quality. Facilities are not outstanding. Long ways to walk from A to B. Very good breakfast. Aircon in my room was not strong enough ( I got only 26 degree C).  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	4	1	4	3	

<Author>2much2seeando
<Content>Great Holiday!! It was in March 鈥?8 when my partner and I stayed at the Padma and is a late review, but I needed to share what a wonderful time we had at the Padma.The Padma is a beautiful hotel and we were greeted with such warmth when we arrived. We stayed in a Superior room which was decent size and the bathroom super clean. The hotel gardens and landscape are well taken care of and everywhere we went the staff were so friendly. On one particular occasion, I left my necklace on our floor and when we came back to our room after it had been cleaned, my necklace was on our bed in the shape of a heart with a flower in it 鈥?a small but thoughtful idea. The pool is fantastic and the swim up bar even better! We spent most of the day sitting by the pool and you are even given a flag which you raise when you want service 鈥?you don鈥檛 even have to move the whole day to get anything!!!! This was luxury for us as we have never been waited on so much before!!The breakfast was amazing everyday and we had Teppanyaki one night at the Japanese restaurant which the chef put on such a good show!!I would recommend the Padma to anyone who is looking to be looked after while on holidays! A trip to remember!!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>FFTPQ
<Content>Loved the Padma We stayed at the Padma in February 2005, quite a while ago now. We spent 10 nights in a garden deluxe chalet and it was worth every cent. The room was a good size, the bathroom was huge with a rain shower and separate bath. In the evenings we had cocktails as part of the package at the lounge area for chalet guests. There was also a choice of breakfast venues. All restaurants were good to eat at. The pool was fanastic, never had any problems getting sunlounges or drinks/snacks.The location of the Padma is perfect - you don't know you're in Kuta until you step outside to go shopping or to a restaurant when everything is just a short walk away.We ate at La Lucciola on our last night, organised through the hotel, it was perfect.I would definitely stay at the Padma again in the garden deluxe chalet.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Mossies
<Content>Fabulous Padma Having just returned after 10 wonderful days in Bali, I would recommend you give the Padma a try.We found the hotel clean  the proximity to all the shopping great.The staff could not do enough for us.Having taken our 2 children 10  14, it was great for them to be able to go down to the pool  meet up with other kids their age  feel safe.Would recommend that you eat outside of the hotel as it is expensive, but wonderful food if you feel like a treat.I would definately go back  stay next time.Lydia, Mosman Park, West Aust.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Rooeyred
<Content>A good experience My husband and I stayed at the Padma for a week after a stop off in Hong Kong.This was our first visit to Bali and we didn't really know what to expect but overall, we had a good stay at the Padma.On arrival we were told there was a problem and that our garden club room was not ready until the next day. We got an upgrade to a deluxe suite which was fantastic but it was a bit of a bummer having to downgrade the next day, although I have to say that the smaller room was just as clean and comfortable as the suite. We were offered the choice of free dinner or a massage to compensate for the inconvenience which I thought was fair enough.The gardens of the hotel are lovely and very well tended and the staff are very friendly and helpful, we really couldn't fault them.We had dinner at the Italian restaurant onsite and it was excellent, also the breakfast was very good.Downsides were the pool area was really crowded and noisy and I found the spa to be very expensive compared to others outside the resort.That said,it wouldn't put me off staying there again.The Padma is pretty good :)  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Alybongo
<Content>Never anywhere else I have been to Bali 6 times and would not stay anywhere else but the Padma. It is a shame that people have one bad experience and then rip the hotel to shreds. I have also on one occasion had a problem with my room not being ready but we just had to wait for a couple of hours and not only was it ready but we were upgraded. That is also the second time we have been upgraded with no argument at all.The staff are awesome extremely helpful and remember our names each and every year. The gardens are undoubtedly out of this world. I will be back again in May with my daughter and yes, we could stay somewhere cheaper, but would certainly never consider it. would suggest the backpacker who started his holiday and was downgraded should probably stick to his YMCA - who travels to Bali and does not know what to expect on the streets!Love Love the Padma and counting down the months to go back there!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Marco_PoloHongKong
<Content>"Normally downgrade clients" at The Padma Bali We stayed at the Padma Bali for 6 nights, it was meant to be the 'luxury beginning' of our 4 week backpacking tour of Indonesia. We decided that we'd go 5 star at the beginning to get our energies up before roughing it for the next 4 weeks.We'd booked a Deluxe Chalet Room (US$150/night on the internet). Unfortunately, whilst checking in I saw the word DOWNGRADE next to my name on the computer. The receptionist carried on checking us in without mentioning the downgrade. Before she gave me the keycard I asked her whether we were getting the Deluxe Chalet Room, as booked. The receptionist confirmed that we were getting a Deluxe Chalet Room, tomorrow night. Tonight we would have to stay in a standard room, because the Chalet Rooms were full. I asked how that could be, as I had made my booking 7 months earlier, and had fully paid for it at the time of booking.The receptionist could offer no explanation, so I asked to see the manager. He was also unable to offer an explanation. I explained that most 4 / 5 star hotels upgraded rather than downgraded when the booked room category was full. He explained that The Padma Bali did not follow this policy, he then said it is normal for us to downgrade ! . I then explained that he'd taken money from me, and then failed to provide me with the goods for which I'd paid, this is known as theft in most countries. He then offered me a massage at the spa in compensation !Anyway, the hotel wouldn't budge, they were downgrading me and would not compensate me financially. Beyond this significant flaw in their customer service I would surmise that the Padma Bali is a fairly anemic resort hotel. It is very clean, well kept and has good facilities. However, it lacked any sense of character, you could have been in a hotel anywhere. Cliched cultural packaging, piped music and far too many people characterises our experience here. It was a sort of simulacrum of being in Indonesia rather than actually being in Indonesia.The surrounding area (Legian/Kuta) is a horrendous pile of tourist tat, overpriced tacky shops and low quality western food restaurants. It's neither a tropical oasis, nor anywhere near an experience of Balinese culture.This was the most expensive, and by far the worst, of the 11 hotels we stayed at during our 4 week tour of Indonesia. Needless to say that I deeply regret staying there and would never return.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	1	5	1	2	-1	

<Author>DCBPET
<Content>Good location, nice feel Good location on the beach of Kuta. The place has a great feel and provides a nice ambiance with goldfish ponds and flora.The rooms, especially the villas are nice and the breakfast villa is a plus (try the banana pancakes).The price was good and the staff were helpful.On the down side, the room equipment seemed to be a bit funny with the a/c going out and the pool tended to be crowded, but all in all, worth a stay.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Bindy10
<Content>Couldn't have asked for more... What a hotel! I have been to Bali four other times and always stayed in Sanur, but this time I went alone - so for a single girl I thought it would be safer to stay within walking distance of the shopping and nightlife - and I wasn't disappointed. The hotel is magnificent - the staff are so friendly and accommodating. I could not get over the service level and cleanliness of the rooms. Someone checked and cleaned your room every day and always with a smile. The breakfasts were amazing and left you wanting nothing until dinner. The mixture of families, singles and couples made the experience a delight. Everyone appeared to be having a great time and made the holiday everything you wanted. Couldnt recommend this hotel enough - and I am even taking my entire family back next year - this hotel caters for everyone. Enjoy - it is well worth it  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rathbunc
<Content>Padma's Fantastic, best of Legian area       Along the beach in Legian area  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Grrltrip
<Content>Padma was awesome Husband and I went to the Padma Hotel in Bali for 8 days at the end of March 2008. I've stayed at the Padma before in September 2005. This is the 6th time in Bali for both of us. Stayed in a deluxe room on the 2nd floor. A bit disappointed that our room was not ready on arrival but we got put in a temporary room for about 1 1/2 hours. Location was really good for us - 30 minute walk in to Kuta, restaurants along JL Padma are excellent - recommend Bianco - chocolate volcano dessert rocks, Indo National for cleanliness and awesome cocktails and super cold beer at Posers Bar. Legian Pub staff were also really friendly - drank ourselves stupid on cocktails our last night to pass the time until the midnight horror flight, Agus from the pub was great company. Anyway, the Padma. Well the breakfasts were exactly what we hoped for. Massive amounts of different foods, really clean set up. The waffle and pancake stand was sugar heaven for me. Staff in the breakfast area could not do enough to feed us and make us happy. It's a huge outdoor area and duh! of course it's busy. The hotel has about 400 rooms. But there is never a short supply of food, you might have to wait a whole minute in line once or twice - big deal. Custom made omlettes to boot. We paid about $22 (AUD) each to go to the Japanese restaurant at the hotel - Tenkai, for a buffet dinner one night. Must be said I am a bit of a girl when it comes to Japanese food. I was blown away. It was bloody fantastic food. I could not get enough. And the green tea/ chocolate pudding thing for dessert - I am still dying for more of it. We usually never go more than about $10 per person for dinner in Bali but holy moly this was so worth it. Highly recommend it. Hotel is quiet, gardens beautiful and clean and security at the gate 24/ 7. The pool area is large (don't listen to anyone who says it's not - rubbish!) and no there is not an abundance of towels draped over the loungers in reservation. We got a selection of good seats by the pool every time we went there. Staff friendly. Room clean and spacious. Hallelujah, there are DVD players in the rooms now. Highly recommend the Ambiante Reflexology spa about 200 metres from the hotel too. Padma was great value and above average by far. Going back again in September. See you then!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	5	4	

<Author>x_F_x
<Content>dirty dirty dirty The rooms were just so dirty. I was scared to touch anything. But apart from that, it was a nice stay. The bathrooms in the rooms were nice and gardens also nice. I would recommend it if you didnt mind too much about hygiene.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>podgirl2
<Content>Padma still a fabulous hotel This was the third time we have visited Bali (for July school hol's W.A) and the first time with our kids aged 16. 14 and 11. We have stayed all three times at the Padma. Our last visit was five years ago in 03, only six weeks after the Jakarta bombings.This time around I did some research into staying at other locations but can't get past the Padma in legian for it's convenience,proximity to the beach and being able to walk out of your hotel and shop (ie not have to jump into a taxi to find somewhere to eat or to buy a t-shirt) we particularly wanted all this as the older kids would be able to have a bit of independence if they wanted to. My travel agent tried to talk me out of staying at the Padma for the reason that it's expensive when you can stay cheaper in the area or go more upmarket and stay out at Sanur or Nusa Dua. I'm glad to I ignored her! Overall it's an exceptional hotel/resort and have enjoyed each three visits. It is looking better than ever. The gardens are absolutely magnificent. You would never have thought the hotel was full apart from at breakfast and around the pool. We booked two family rooms in the block which were ground floor, No availability for chalets (which we have stayed in previously). We were comfortable and rooms were clean and well serviced. Bathroom not as nice as in the chalets. The hairdryers (wall style) are complete crap and the shower surged between hot and hotter which was nuisance. I forgot to ask the older boys if theirs did in the room they had but they didn't mention it! You were supplied with 4 bottles of complimentary water continually. The last night we had noisy people above us (group of young guys) which woke us up and had we been staying longer I think this would have pissed me off! That could happen anywhere though.The pool area is good, very large but also busy. Yes people get up early and reserve their spot by the pool. if you are later than 8.00am you may not get one. Breakfasts are excellent and although the dining room seemed full after 8.00am ish there was never any shortage of food. The staff very attentive.As I said the location of the hotel is brilliant, right on the ocean (cross over the 'road' , although only foot traffic here) and very close to eateries and shopping. We ate along most restaurants in Jalan Padma and did not have a bad meal anywhere averaging about $40.00 AU for the 5 of us. Shopping here is as good as anywhere in Kuta without all the traffic. We weren't interested in the department stores so didn't go to Centro. The padma has markets which set up around the pool a couple of evenings of the week also which is handy if you don't feel like going out. While there i also went and checked out the Kamala Pantai in Legian as a few people had said it was good and much cheaper. I wasn't overly impressed. The room I was shown was clean but looked grubby (walls and furniture) and concrete balcony not that attractive. From my very quick impression staff seemed non-attentive (10 min's to get service at front desk when I walked in). and lobby was ugly. Pool area OK although gardens not a patch on the padma. I saw a visitor wheeling his own luggage to room and this would never happen at Padma where the staff will not let you do anything.Having thought long and hard about where to stay i am very glad we came back to the Padma and I wouldn't bother staying anywhere else if I went back.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>SydneyOldboy
<Content>Padma, Thumbs up or Down?       Sunset From Pool Area  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>007Perth
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Fantastic Holiday John 007 perth australia The Padma is a fantastic hotel we loved our stay there ,the staff are so helpfull and freindly everyone is always so pleased to see you everyday.the rooms are large ,clean, very spacious ,flat screen tv dvd cd player .bathrooms modern plenty of room larger shower on the lower floor ,but we liked the balcony on the upper floor ,ice cold air con,the beds are sooooooo nice and the pillows divine. we stayed in a garden club challet well worth the extra for the club benefits go to the outside upper deck to watch the sunset with a cocktail be there early about 4.45pm to get the best seats.bella rossa breakfast is a must for the view in the morning buffet breakfast great too ,the theme night dinners are great value we tried the tepenyaki night lovely .the pool is great as are the grounds immaculate presentation everywhere, try the spa as well very relaxing and well worth a visit .i dont see how any one can have anything bad to say about the hotel but you will always have people who are never happy....try the padma it is fantastic we stayed for two weeks next year three weeks.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jody0411
<Content>Never Again       Pool  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>pconhain
<Content>Perfect stay Hotel Padma is amazing! The photos really do not do it justice. We arrived and were instantly blow away by how beautiful the lobby was. The staff was so friendly and always helpful. The included breakfast was amazing. The trip started with big plans to go out and be adventurous, but the hotel was so great that we ended up lounging around. There's a wide array of people staying there, from all over the world, families, couples, singles, etc. I will most definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Puddings-mum
<Content>Lovely Padma Lovely, clean hotel with lovely friendly staff, limited children's menu which is a problem especially if you're looking for healthy kids meals, children's pool is average but our 1 year old daughter still loved wading thru it. Breakfast at the Bella Rosa was fantastic and definitely a must for the Club members. It is a lot better than the cafe which is busy and just doesn't have that touch of elegance or service. Unfortunately, with having a 1 year old, we didn't make the most of the Club facilities - drinks and meals. What we did have there was nice and the free 1/2 hour internet service is a good touch. The meals at both the Bella Rosa and Tenkai were awesome and worth experiencing. I absolutely loved the Spaghetti Aglio Oglio. Meals at the hotel aren't cheap because of the service charge and tax. We used the kids club and babysitting service for our little girl. Because the Padma isn't really a 'kids' hotel like the Dynasty, there aren't a lot of kids at the kids club which can be lonely for your child if they are the only one there. Babysitters were lovely and were always on time. For our first time using foreign babysitters we were happy and will definitely use the service again. We would love to go back again. There is an abundance of laundry service, tailors - leather and general tailors in the area, which if this is what you're looking for, is a great thing to have outside your hotel door. The Padma in June is lovely and with the mild weather is a reasonable walk into Kuta - 30 minute brisk walk (not possible because of the footpath and the vendors stopping you along the way).  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	4	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>tashthatcher
<Content>bali bali bali stayed at hotel padma!! the best ever hotel ever,, could 't ask for any better place... bali is best place ever, and no matter where you stay you would be happy, the niceest people ever and cant do enough for you.... aaaaaaaaa+++++++++++++ natasha thatcher....back in 3 months  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KasSydneyAustralia
<Content>Perfect Padma! We have just returned from a 10 day stay at the Padma. We stayed in a Delux Chalet - room 571. Beautiful large room, King size bed, flat screen TV and full size bathroom. The shower excellent, large shower head and good flow of water.Breakfast fantastic - something to suit every taste - only complaint was the crispy bacon, just a little too crispy!:)Pool was great, water tempreature perfect and plenty of pool Chairs/beds available, even if you didn't put your towel out before the crack of dawn to reserve one. We only had a couple of meals at the Padma, our preference was to eat out side of the hotel. Two places we would recommend: Posers and Wayan  Friend's, both only a short walk on the main road outside the hotel and both had great food at a great price.The staff at the Padma are wonderful, helpful and very friendly.Padma Hotel Bali is a large hotel but with the beautiful grounds doesn't seem so large. It is just across the road from the beach and has beach access. You can walk to Kuta along the beach approximately 20 min. or take a 'Taksi' Would recommed this hotel and will be returning, hopefully in the near future.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>halloul23
<Content>Lots of Fun       Hotel Entrance  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>jess39
<Content>Well worth it!! Padma hotel was great allt the staff were so nice! i have pretty high standards and i wasnt too sure what the hotel was going to be like but i was really happy with everything! we staying in the Garden chalets..... well worth the extra money! the room are so nice and we had breakfast included and every night you could go to the garden club lounge and there was 2 hours free cocktails, so you really get your money worth. The hotel is right on the beach and just our of the resort theres heaps of shopping. Plus it's not far away from any of the major attraction!  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Scullytraveller34
<Content>Nice hotel but big money also!! Enjoyed my stay overall at the padma and had a club room. Decided to stay there after many years of hearing about it from other people so had to stay for 5 days to see what the fuss is about. Positives - Great brekky although the main area can be a little crowded after 8am.- Beautiful grounds and attentive staff.- proximity to shopping, and quality restaurants in seminyak. (about 10 mins in a cab).Negatives - Cost - I never payed for my stay as i used american express rewards but my club room would have been around the 200 plus US dollars a night range. Not worth it considering for the rest of my 3 week stay i checked into my regular 4.5 star hotel with the same amenities and service as the padma for 85 US dollars a night.POOL- The pool is great and huge but there is only 1 of them!! At 400 plus rooms this is a big hotel ans 1 pool is nowhere near big enough to accomodate all these people. On sunny days it was like swimming at a very crowded beach. They definently need a dedicated kids pool and a club members only pool would be beneficial as well.No beach access- Although the beach is close there is no direct access from the hotel to the beach and no hotel lounges or service on the beach for the guests. Having this may alleviate some pressure off the 1 pool.Besides this my family did enjoy our stay there but would we go back! No not at those rates there are plenty of places on the island just as good for half the cost.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>Nonny16
<Content>Padma was great       Padma Breakfast table view  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>SKD99
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed there in April 08... just got back.. Thought the hotel was excellent. Ignore all the whingers such as the review 2 back...wow the toaster was broken. I didnt any queues for the toaster by the way :)The gardens/grounds are beautiful, staff are friendly, fantastic breakfast, heaps of available chairs by the pool, great pool and location. We stayed in a deluxe chalet which i recommend as it is closer to the pools and surrounded by beautiful gardens. Recommended for only about $15 extra a night. Overall a great hotel for couples, or families.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tanyatia
<Content>Wouldn't ever stay anywhere else Legian/Kuta after the Padma       Junior Suite  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>denny_perth
<Content>Nice Hotel but had a few problems My wife, 11 year old son and I stayed for 9 nights at the Padma in March 2008. All in all it is a very nice hotel with beautiful grounds and very friendly and willing staff. Just a few incidents tainted our stay.We stayed in a family room. The room was clean but with the powerfull smell of anti mosquito tablets that they change every night. However, I would rather have the smell than be bitten alive by mossies. However, we still tended to find a couple every night mainly in the bathroom. Also, the family rooms are miles away from the pool. We had room 144 which is adjacent to the tennis courts and fitness centre. It was a 5 minute walk to the pool.I took my laptop and purchased internet in the room. for the first four days I could not connect in the morning until thier IT people either came to the room (in the afternoon) or sorted some system error. Quite frustrating when you need to check your email and have paid for the in room service. After the first four days it was fine.Remote for the DVD player didnt work when we arived but a phone call to reception had someone there within 20 minutes and it was fixed.Room service arrived within about half an hour of ordering but very often the food was barely warm when we received it.Nice pool but not enough loungers necessitating people booking them with towels before breakfast. I would not stoop to this practise but probably to our detrament.Breakfast was plentifull. My wife found a bug in her rice porridge one morning which I pointed out to the waitress. The waitress looked at it, laughed and took it away and that was the end of it! I think she just was not trained on how to deal with this situation and it was more of an embarrassed reaction. Unfortunately my wife did not trust the hotel food after that. One of the two toasters broke one morning and I was surprised they didnt have a spare which lead to long queue at the remaining toaster for that morning! Frustrating because after a couple of days of over eating I resorted to toast only for my breakfast. Also the toaster had a timer on it that many people didnt realise and would be waiting a long time for their toast when the thing wasnt even switched on! Coffee was often luke warm, I politely mentioned it one morning and the reaction was amazing. They made me fresh coffee and had three people running (yes, literally running) around to rectify the situation. A total contrast to the bug waitress incident!Another thing that bothered me a little, but many people would see it as a positive thing, was that there always seemed to be someone knocking on the door! I feel that the cleaning crew could perform all of the little individual things that people kept knocking on the door for, ie, change the mosquito tablet, check the minibar, have you got enough towels, check the toilet!! Yes, We had this little guy kept knocking on the door asking if everything is ok and insisted on cming in, looking around and checking the toilet flushed. It seemed so bizarre I phoned reception to check he was authentic and not just some guy casing the room!As with any Hotel, in house goods  services are three (or more) times of what you will pay on the street. Unfortunately, the street hawkers were so bad constantly and persistently pestering you that we were getting to the stage where we didnt want to leave the hotel. We found on our last day that if you venture north of Padma Street into Seminyak, it all stops and you can stroll down the street shopping un hindered! It was as if we were in a different place!We tried to spend some time on the public beach at Kuta so that I could buggy board with my son. We immediately had six women (with the big hats) wanting to massage, sell, platt, etc. They were so persistant I started to get annoyed and my wife told me to go in the sea and leave her to it. When in the sea I looked back and saw that she was alone reading her book. When I returned and enquired how she got rid of them, she told me she gave them money to leave her in peace! Probably not a good idea but it seemed to work.If we ever return to beautiful Bali, we will be staying at Sanur or Ubud where they have some lovely hotels and the hawking is at a minumum.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jkgrap
<Content>Loved the Padma I thought I'd add my review although three and a half years late!The Padma is a great place to stay in Bali, 10 minute walk along the beach to the heart of Kuta, the Legian market stalls and restaurants at the other entrance to the Padma. We stayed in a Garden Deluxe room which was very comfortable and we had access to the 'free' coffee, cool drinks biscuits during the day in the lovely club lounge area (with its own small pool area) and in the evening whilst sending emails to friends and family we indulged in as many cocktails, beers, finger food etc as we could fit in! The brekky was great and we had a choice of three different places to eat in. The pool is huge but very busy and I sat on the pavement a few times as the sun chairs were always taken  as usual alot of them only had lonely towels sitting on them awaiting for the shoppers to return!We ate at the Japanese rest and that was wonderful. We had a few evening meals of pizza around the pool pizza cafe which was fab at sunset. I would stay here again, but probably not with the 'cocktail extras' as we found we would stop what we were doing in Bali just to get back to the Padma to get our 'free-bees' and truth be known.. its all so very cheap anywhere in Bali so I wouldn't be tied down to the extra expenses of the 'club'  save a lot of money on the room package by just getting a deluxe room with out the extras.Hope this helps anyone thinking of staying at the Padma, I have stayed in Bali four times now  the Padma really is a lovely typical large Balinese Hotel.Enjoy :-)  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>crowsnestGnarabup
<Content>Distance from pool annoying We had been to Bali about 10 times, and were looking for a change when we chose the Padma. Previously we had stayed at the Santika in Tuban, among others.After being assured by our travel agent that we had booked a poolside ground floor room we were annoyed to find our third-floor room was 485 metres from the pool. We soon learnt not to forget anything as the return trip from the pool to our room was nearly 1 km! Of course, that is more a complaint about the travel agent's advice than against the hotel.The pool was crowded, and there were insufficient sun lounges - although top marks to the pool staff who responded promptly to guest complaints that people had placed towels on the lounges before setting off for a day's shopping. The indignant lip-trembling that went on when they returned after four or so hours to find their reserved lounges were occupied had to be seen to be believed!As always in Bali, the staff were superb. The deluxe room was fine and well serviced, but there was no view worth looking at, and the balcony wasn't worth having. Breakfast was served in a great barn of a room that was absoluely packed. If you sit at an outer table, nearby smokers can be irritating, but it's not a major issue. Breakfast was great value, but definitely not an intimate experience!I agree with other comments that the hotel is very well located vis a vis restaurants, money changers etc.This is a large property with a bit of distance between its various facilities. Don't go there if you want the traditional Balinese experience. If you are set on the place, the garden villas are much better located than the hotel-style rooms.We have tried quite a few properties in Bali across the whole range and now know that we prefer the smaller, more intimate hotels such as the Santika. However, we spoke to other guests who had stayed at the Padma many times before, and they loved the place.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>freodoc
<Content>Highly Recommended       garden club balcony  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>shorbow
<Content>Pleasant Experience My wife and I have just returned from a two week stay at the Padma Bali Hotel. We arrived on time and had no problems booking into our room however a small matter of an upgrade we requested had not been processed on thier register. This was quickly sorted out though. We got to our room, which was a garden deluxe chalet. Based on what I read on Trip Advisor, this was the room to be in. At first glance the room was spacious and looked neat and clean. As the days went by, we saw that the cleaning was definately not up to 5 star standard and definately not worthy of the hotels number one rating on this site. The shower looked as though it had not been cleaned for months as there was mould on the walls and the vanity was never wiped down. The bed was comftorble however we noticed on one particular day that the sheets were not changed. I accidently put a pen mark on the sheet and when the room was made up, noticed the same pen mark from the day before. Our room was on the ground floor. This was fine until people moved into the room above us. The noise was unbeleivable as chairs were being dragged across the floor all day and night and the feet stomping had to be heard to believed!. We asked to be moved but the hotel was full so we were stuck with the noise.On a more positive note, the hotel staff were very friendly and all staff greeted you everytime they walked past you. The pool was fantastic and never had a problem getting sun chairs. The bar staff are great and very friendly.We have been to Asia a number of times however this was our first trip to Bali and we were looking forward to the fun of bargaing with the locals. This was good for the first day, but it became very annoying after a while as they do not leave you alone at any time. We did the recommended dinner at Jimbaren at the beach to watch the sunset. This is a bit of a con as the sunset is just as good at Kuta and the cost of the meal was much more than you could have got elsewhere.Overall, I would reccommend the Padma and had a great holiday, but I would make sure we got a first floor room next time.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>makichan
<Content>Paradise at busy Bali. Loved it! We (my husband, kids 7  1 yrs old and myself) stayed at Padma hotel in Bali in Jan 2008. We always like combination of 1st week in Kuta  Legain area and 2nd week in Quiet Ubud.We stayed at Garden View Club so little bit more money but I must say it is more than value for money. When we arrived they took us for Garden View Rounge so we can have relaxing check in with welcome drink. At 3-5pm everyday you can have tea or coffee with snack (include cakes, tropical fruits, cheese....etc) and 5-7pm you can have cocktail with all sort of finger food. Also we had comlementary 5 pieces of landry, cake or fruits service to the room as well.7 yrs old went to kids club and had a great time. Although the hotel located busy Kuta and Legian area (so it is easy to go shopping, just walking distance), the hotel was quiet and peaceful.Also while we stayed the swimming pool had a problem and they had to closed down the pool for 2 days so they gave us complimentary water bom park while the pool was closed. Also gave us 2days free stay at Padma voucher when we check out. I know we probably won't use it but the company deal the problem properly.The staff are friendly as any other place in Bali but I must sayParaise at busy Bali for sure.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CANNINGVALE
<Content>Worth every cent! We are not sure where bostongeorgePerth stayed (Padma Bali review Dec 7,2007) but it certainly doesn't sound like the Padma Bali Hotel we stayed at in Jan 2008. We are also from Perth and stayed in the Garden Club Chalets. Our sons had a downstairs room with twin beds and we had a separate downstairs room with a King bed. The showers are gorgeous - it feels like you are showering under the stars!The Garden Club Lounge benefits were awesome! You had the choice of breakfast in your room, at the Bella Rosa restaurant or at Taman Ayun Cafe. Whilst the menu choice was limited if eating in your room or at the Bella Rosa restaurant, the variety at the Taman Ayun Cafe was huge - and changed every day!You are able to go the the Garden Club Lounge every day from 10.00am and get any non alcoholic drink you desire - from Diet Coke to coffee and every thing in between (free!). From 2.30pm to 4.30pm each day, you can get a complimentary icecream (free!) and from 3.00pm to 5.00pm each day, afternoon tea with a selection of cheeses and cakes is available (free!). A selection of cakes is also delivered to your room every afternoon (free!).The best benefit was the unlimited alcoholic drinks with canapes 5.00pm to 7.00pm each night. Red wine, white wine, cocktails, spirits - you name it, it was available (free!). There was no need for dinner after indulging in the Lounge every night! The ocean/sunset views from the outside upper concorse of the Garden Club Lounge were amazing.The grounds and room were spotless and well maintained. The gym had new, modern equipment. Bathroom supplies were replenished daily.The Hotel is in a great location. Why stay anywhere else?  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>clarkie66
<Content>nice but nothing special We have just returned from a week's stay at the Bali Padma, and to be honest, I think there are much better places to stay in Bali. The good points were the recently refurbished room, and the ample breakfast buffet. The staff were also very obliging, but this is typical of Bali. The pool was large but the deck chair situation was not ideal; all the shady spots were reserved with towels by the end of breakfast. A big negative was the complete lack of atmosphere. This may have been due to the fact our family room was housed in a block quite a distance from the resort's gardens and seemed a tad sterile. The garden bungalows would appear to have been a much better choice. Perhaps if we'd stayed in those, it might have lifted our whole experience from what seemed like a three star stay, to four stars.I've stayed in many other resorts in Bali, and the Padma unfortunately was nowhere near as good.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>TheBugNeverDies
<Content>Overall a beautiful resort but with some pitfalls... Just got back from a 7 night stay at the Padma. Overall we had a very pleasant stay. We paid extra for the Club Lounge benefits and were moderately satisfied with what was on offer. The coctail/drinks hour from 5-7pm with canapes was great for the first few nights but became a little dissapointing towards the end. The drinks were slow to come out and the empty platters were not getting replaced. The option to have breakfast in with the main dining hall, in room or at the private restaurant (Bella Rossa) overlooking the ocean was great. Breakfast at Bella Rossa was just beautiful and a definite highlight of the hotel. The hotel pool (and deck chairs) is not big enough to cater for all the guests. Although i disliked doing it, you must reserve your deck chairs with your towel before breakfast if you want to get a seat. The rooms were average. We stayed on the top floor ( with balcony). The real difference between the top  ground floor is the bathroom. The bathrooms on the ground floor are much nicer but we wanted a balcony. An upgrade to the bathrooms on the top floors are in deperate need. The bath/shower were disgusting with its dirty, smelly old shower curtain. Apparently the standard rooms in the hotel arent nice at all. So overall if you stay at the Padma its worth paying the extra for the Garden Club privledges.Other positives included the excellent gym facilities, friendly staff, beautiful grounds and great location.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	1	

<Author>devilsadvocate77
<Content>Paradise Padma Me and my wife stayed at the Padma Bali for six nights and seven days in the month of December 2007. We can only say that the hotel is really fantastic starting from the rooms, the public areas such as the lobby, restaurants, pool, etc. What we really liked about the hotel is its decor and every corner of the hotel is decorated and designed with utmost intricacy. The breakfast is awesome and the staff very friendly. Would conclude by saying that we have no complains about Padma Bali and would love to stay there again. Cheers. Trisheet Chatterjee (New Delhi, India)  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bostongeorgePerth
<Content>great location but.... we were eager to try the padma as we had heard great reviews, however, we felt the hotel did not live up to the experience we had at the intercontinental in jimbaran bay. the positives - location and room. the negatives - non existent club lounge benefits (complete waste of time), basic buffet breakfast choice, room cleaned only once a day and the small pool. if you want to really spoil yourself, i strongly recommend the intercontinental...you will be cosseted from the time you arrive to when you go. the staff go out of their way to spoil you and the club lounge benefits are fantastic, well worth the extra $$$. the seafood restaurants just outside the hotel on the beach are out of this world. the grounds of the intercontinental are right out of a magazine, stunning is the only word you can use to describe it. while the padma was not bad, there are certainly better ones out there.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	3	4	1	

<Author>MonkeyLiverpool
<Content>Amazing!! We stayed here for ten days in June 07 and loved every minute of it. The hotel is beautiful and the staff are the friendliest of people. We organised a day trip to Ubud with the hotel and received a tour guide and vehicle for the day for a very good price. This hotel is so close to a lovely part of the beach and the pool is superb. The breakfast has variety for everybody and the rooms are spacious and very clean. we stayed in a deluxe chalet which was set among beautiful gardens not far from the pool. we honestly couldnt fault this hotel! it is just like paradise!!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JacobAmsterdam
<Content>Great value for money: but bargin for tours and trips arranged by hotel My wife and I stayed the first three nights after arrival for our 3 weeks honeymoon in the Padma Bali. At first the something went wrong with the reservation for the Bungalow but the friendly staff arrangend a temporary room for get a good sleep and shower. In the evening we got the key to our bungalow which was great. The restaurants in the resort are great too.We arranged a tour to Ulu Watu (Kecak Dancing) via the hotel. I got the feeling that the 'tour operator' makes his price by the hour and that it differs per person and the state the operator is in. Bargin for sure.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>ArvinLee
<Content>love the hotel stayed there during the Moslem holiday. staffs were very helpful and friendly, the room is very clean with big bath room. the beach is just right by the hotel. dinner was amazing, breakfast was good. i have nothing to complaint about this hotel. 2 thumbs up.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LouReid
<Content>Padma Paradise This hotel is located in Legian in a really great spot. Right near the beach, however I personally would choose to swim in the massive hotel pool over the beach there any day! The pool is HUGE, one of the biggest pools I've ever swam in. It also had a great pool bar where you can sit in the pool and drink beers and cocktails for a really good price! Buffet breakfast is fabulous, huge huge range of everything and highly recommend including that as it's the best start to your stay. The rooms are cute, really modern, the bathroom's are nice, the shower was huge, no bath. The airconditioner works fabulously and you basically need it on 24 hours a day. We were located on the ground floor and had a little private sitting area rather than a balcony which was nice. The staff couldn't have been more friendly and helpful, everyone smiles and says hello when they walk past you. Room service menu is GREAT, highly recommend it. We got a bit of a surprise mid stay when we came into our rooms and there were some gourmet chocolates left for us! A nice touch. Airport transfers were complimentary with our stay too. It's one of the more expensive properties in Bali but with the exchange rate it's hardly expensive for the AUD, and well worth it, especially for longer stays. After a hard day shopping in the heat, with the obvious poverty, smells, and dirtiness you may experience in the streets, it's so refreshing to come back to a hotel like this. I would definately stay here again and highly recommend it to everyone.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jinxes
<Content>Great Stay Just got back from Bali on 16th after spending 13 days staying at Padma. We chose this based on Trip Advisor and can't fault the experience. Hotel was in good condition and had a lovely setting. We had a deluxe chalet which is nice although no seperate shower/bath.The gardens and pool are perfect, the pool was not too over crowded and service was excellent. As everyone has said the breakfast was sensational. We met the Head Chef and also new Chef of the Bela Rosa resturant and have some fabulous meals at the hotel but most of the time we ate out at local places. The food in bali was terrific and we are already planning out next trip.Feel free to contact me if you want any further info.CheersShane  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>KiwiFamily59
<Content>What a fabulous place       Ocean view from Bella Rosa restaurant  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Baliflyer
<Content>Very Large Resort Had 7 nights at the Padma back in November 07. This is a large property with lots of rooms. Great gardens and a magnificent pool + swim up bar. Breakfast is one of the largest selections i have ever seen. Lots of different nationalities stay at this hotel and they cater to all tastes. I do think this is quiet an expensive hotel and found to get a late checkout they charge a full days rate compared to others i have stayed at that charge 50% of the daily rate. The deluxe rooms and superior rooms where comfortable but nothing special but you dont spend that much time in them anyway. Staff are friendly and the position is good, walk to most things. I am going back to Bali in a couple of months but I will stay somewhere different this time, just for a change. Padma is nice but lots of other resorts just as nice and half the price.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mrbean83
<Content>Absolutely worth the money!       Standard Superior Room  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>JohanR
<Content>No better place in Kuta  A 5 night stay for the second year in a row. The reason why we did return? Simple : We consider the Padma as one of the best hotels in south bali for the price. We took the garden club chalet arrangement that offers some nice extra's, the room is spacious with all the luxury one needs (ok does not need but it's very nice to get it haha) , breakfast is with a personal service that is really top, and the access to the private garden club is giving you this special treatments that makes a holiday something special, afternoon tea and coctail hour(s) with great snacks, difficult not to enjoy too much.The garden get's more beautifull every year and the swimming pool is the best in Bali. The Padma is also situated near enough to Kuta and Seminyak to enjoy the best shopping and dining without the hustle. The beach also reflects this and when the local sellers on the beach approach you, give them 2 minutes of your time they love to chat and when you buy something from them you have a friend for live.One more thing about the Padma : service, one word :perfect! highly professional and always with that great smile (as everywhere in bali ofcourse :-) )  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PerthNomad
<Content>Beautiful Hotel stay in the chalets We stayed at the Padma recently. It is a beautiful hotel in a great location. The pool is great, the facilities are great it is on the beach the only thing I would do different is stay in the chalets. We were booked into a deluxe room not realizing there was a difference. The standard rooms are in a block on the right hand side of the carpark where as the chalets are doted about the beautiful grounds and near the ocean. The rooms were neat and clean but not 4.5 star our balcony faced the hilside and there are no real views in these rooms. They seemed to take a long tome to clear up the breakfast dishes from people who had let them outside their rooms and one night someone had been sick in front of the elevatora nd it was not cleaned up till late the next morning. Saying that the staff were wonderful, I would stay here again but in a chalet.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lambo1234
<Content>All you could want and more       pool area  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>oztravelers1975
<Content>Top Resort To Stay At!!!! We stayed at the Padma for nearly a fortnight in Feb/March 07.First time in Bali, we took along our 10yold and 6yold children.We all had a fantastic time. The Pool and surrounds was excellent and always clean.The Breakfstas were AAAA+++++ and if it wasnt there for you they would make it upon request.We shopped everyday whilst in Bali. This resort is terrific and so central yet feels so safe.Our children were always with us, so i cant comment on childrens activities or clubs for them.This resort has the beach right next to its lovely pools.Other then breakfast we always ate outside of the Resort which was easy if the research is done before you leave - lots of cheap safe places to eat.An excellent place to stay and so safe and clean and central....very good value for money at least 4.5star rating!!!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Ann-de-Mot
<Content>Padma almost perfect Anyone who comes to Bali to see the real Bali does not stay anywhere near Kuta/Legian or for that matter Jimbaran/Sanur or Nusa Dua. Having said that, if you want a high quality room with every service, thoughtful staff, an incredible breakfast, a 50+ metre pool, a great white-sand beach to walk on (and maybe swim depending on the currents) and a good quality restaurant (often empty, though, because heaps of other places to eat outside) you can't go past the Padma. All rooms in the villa section have either a terrace or a balcony (upstairs is best) and in the quiet, beautifully-kept grounds you will see a profusion of flowers and plants. The internet service/business centre is the weakest element at the Padma - hard to know if it's the hotel equipment or the service providers - but the staff do try hard to help you although it's pretty frustrating if you are actually trying to do business. Perhaps a little overpriced by comparison with other nearby beachfront hotels, and certainly full of Aussies in cossies when we were there, the Padma nonetheless has an atmosphere of calm, luxury and security. Outside, there are shops and restaurants aplenty in easy walking distance, and taxis waiting for hotel guests pretty much at any time of the day. A great stay.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Kimoi
<Content>Boring Padma The Hotel Padma was predicatable. A big garden, with a pool full of Aussies in speedos and screeching children. If you like this idea of a holiday, the Padma's for you. If you would like to experience the real Bali, outside of the t-shirt,DVD shopping horde, then head to the North or the East of the Island where at least some culture is retained and the Balanise haven't been taught to tiptoe.In practical terms, the breakfast buffett was great in terms of food. The only unforntunate moment was the poor Japanese girl that fell arse up in the pond in the middle of breakfast. The Italian restaurant was also good.Somehow, I hope if you have any concept of the culture of Bali, you will find so much more on the Island.Kim  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	3	2	2	

<Author>jbamail
<Content>Recommended This is a wonderful bali hotel, great facilities (including spectacular pool area), and great location (quiet and tranquil without the horrible sanatised feel of nusa dua, and close enough to walk to kuta along the beautiful beach or quick cab ride). Although the hotel is quite large it has a secluded, intimate feel, the staff were execeptionally helpful, professional and friendly, the private garden breakfast a great way to start the day, and overall great value. There was quite a bit of renovation work being undertaken but you would hardly know, the noise and interruptions were kept to a minimum. We would definitely return and highly recommend this hotel for anyone wanting to stay in the bali tourist areas.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>RobertRichard
<Content>Above average...... We have just returned from Bali Padma Hotel, we stayed in a The Luxe Garden Cottage. The resort is of good quality, clean and spacious room/bathroom, very relaxing environment and good food both dinner and breakfast. Breakfast with plenty of different continent styles. Staff very friendly, gardens supurb maintained, swimming pool with bar. When you are in the cottages make sure you get a room on the 2nd floor (balcony), the garden of the groundfloor cottages are a bit to close to the other guests walking by. The only negative thing we could found were the empty restaurants in the evening, dispite the good food it happened we were the only table with no other guests in the restaurant, no atmosphere at all. But dont hesitate to go to Bali Padma, this is one of the resorts to be after a visit to busy Kuta ......  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Spider245
<Content>Perfect!! Wow! We stayed here for two nights after a disappointing stay at the Maharta down the road. It was fairly pricey, but for the service and the scenery it was more than worth it.The room was lovely, a nice size, and very clean. The facilities of the hotel were fantastic, everything you could possibly need, and the staff were the friendliest bunch imaginable and couldn't do enough to make you feel welcome.Best of all, the food was amazing. The Bella Rosa is the inhouse italian, and we went back twice as it was so nice. We also went to one of the traditional kechak dances at the hotel, which again could not have been better. I'd be tempted to go back to Bali just to stay here again!!!  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>journeyman7
<Content>Thank you Padma!       Padma Pool  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>SarahErin
<Content>Heaven After much research on hotels in the Kuta/Lgian region my friend and I decided on the Padma, and it did not disappoint. It is a beautiful hotel, and should be rated more like a four and a half star hotel. The rooms we large, clean and had great decor.The gardens in the hotel are beautiful, like you are in your own tropical rainforest and the pool is huge and luxurious. We stayed in a deluxe chalet, and this seems like the best option after viewing the block of standard rooms. But as the hotel was so cheap anyway for such a nice place, its easy to upgrade.Some of the reviews of the Padma say it is quite a walking distance from the main shopping areas in kuta. But this is misleading, its is no more than a 15 min slow walk, and would not bother anyone unless they were lazy.I would recommend this hotel to anyone. It was brilliant, and made the holiday all the more enjoyable.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jenniferBrisbane
<Content>Rating 10/10 for Padma!       Harry and ? wish I had his name.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WorldTravelerNYC123j
<Content>Heaven on Earth       Harry and ? wish I had his name.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	1	

<Author>ccham
<Content>You'll Love It       Premeir Garden room  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>johnsheehy
<Content>loved the padma We had a wonderful holiday at the Padma hotel in2005It is just far enough away from the hustle of KUTA and yet walking distance should you feel the need to be hustled The PADMA was experiencing high occupancy....Nevertheless our needs were always catered for and our every whim dealth with in good timeThe staff are wonderful...Very pleasant and no way intrusive Balinese are smilers personified and the Padma staff are very much BalineseWe have no hesitation in giving the Padma Hotel 5/5 10/10 or even 100/100You'll have a great stay  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>indiana78
<Content>Hotel Padma was the BEST!!! We are from Australia. A few pointers first on when you get to the Airport in Bali, don't let any Balinese men grab your bag like they are wanting to help you. Cause once they get you past customs, they expect you to pay them.We arrived at Padma early and yes had to wait for our room BUT we went in the bar and had a few cocktails.When we arrived to our rooms, we were so happy, it was gorgeous. It had a spa bath!!! The view wasn't much BUT who cares, we were only there to sleep.The pool was awesome, we spent a little of everyday there by the pool bar.The buffet breakfast everyday was pretty good. I didn't particularly like Bali shopping, so I spent most of my time at the Hotel. What more do you want BUT to laze by the pool on your holidays.We went to an Aussie restaurant which was not far from Padma and they had great food (can't remember the name).I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>RB1127
<Content>Paradise!!!!! My boyfriend and I stayed here in May 05 for 5 nights in a Garden Club Deluxe room. Our Plane from Perth was delayed 4 hours and we werent sure if the hotel was open at 1 in the morning but they were there waiting for us. The room was excellent. Great bedroom/living area, huge shower. DVD player came in handy. Fresh fruit daily. Free cocktails in the Garden Club daily.... We loved it so much here that we ate 90% of our meals at their many restaurants. We didnt have to worry about drinking the water/ice etc... Pool was massive. Can get pretty busy though.If I went back to Bali I would find it hard not to stay here although I wanted to try Nusa Dua....  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GDC
<Content>Padma Perfect!       Pool Side  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bundyone
<Content>Love The Padma Spent 5 nites in a DeluxE Garden Club Chalet. The extra for the $$ garden club was great. Breakfast in Bellarosa鈥?FANTASTIC. And the Garden Club Lounge was great (2 hours of free cocktails, Johnnie Walker red,Jim Beam or Bintang every nite created some big headaches in the morn!!!). Pool os fantastic and rooms well appointed. The shower was HUGE!!!!!!!!!!! Rooms were always spotless.The only downside of the Padma is the cost of food in their restaurant (note: breakfast included as part of the Garden Club). I ended up sourcing my meals from other resorts and/or restaurants. For a good feed at a very reasonable price, the Bali Niksomma is a short 3 minute walk away up the beach (go there and try their Nasi Goreng Niksomma鈥?FANTASTIC!). 5 stars!!!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>centrum
<Content>5 star quality This hotel is pretty nice. It is definitely 5 star by US standards. The lobby, coffee house, and breakfast area is all outdoor, but with all the fogging they do (almost daily) and the great ventilation system they have, there are virtually no bugs on the grounds. The grounds are lush, however, with beautiful gardens everywhere you turn. We stayed in a deluxe chalet on the 2nd floor. The room was of course smaller than the picture shows you on the internet, but it was still charming. We had a couple problems. There was a lot of condensation from the air conditioner dripping down the walls and one day we came home to a small puddle of water coming from the ceiling (probably also from the air condition). The shower curtain material is pretty lightweight and so it attacks you while you are showering with the high-pressure nozzle. Otherwise, the shower is fine. The tub is a bit small and looks a little outdated compared to the rest of the furniture (some rust stains) but fine (no shower stall in our room: deluxe chalet). The bathroom and room is SPOTLESS. Hardwood floors in the room, a couch, table, TV with good channels, comfy but sturdy bed. We had a balcony that was very pretty and overlooked gardens. The doors to the balcony close and lock securely. One other thing is that for some reason the closet smelled pretty damp. Probably bc it is closed all the time and doesn鈥檛 allow air flow. We asked to have laundry picked up kind of late (around 8pm) because we knew we d get up late the next morning, but the reception said housekeeping was closed and that we had no choice but to wake up early to hand in our laundry (I think 10-1030am to get it back the same day). Bathroom supplies are great. Breakfast (usually included in price) is pretty diverse. Tons of bakery (breads, danish, donuts), all types of fruit, cereals, juices, an egg station, potatoes, meats, and local Indonesian food. They鈥檒l also make French toast for you if you ask for it!The pool is BEAUTIFUL. Large and sparkling. We loved it. The beach beyond this hotel is non-swimmable as currents are too dangerous with undertows. But If you walk down about 500m you can surf and swim there. There are hawkers everywhere though, even though this is legian area. As soon as we stepped on the beach we were harassed by massagers, trinket sellers, food/drink vendors, etc. even after we proclaimed we wanted peace, every 10-15 we d be visited by another vendor walking down the beach. It was a bit annoying. But surfing was FUN for us beginners. You can walk to papa鈥檚 caf茅 from the hotel and up and down kuta beach road (jl pantai kuta) (its about 10 minutes to papas by walk).We used dean: driver with distinction for a day trip to ubud to see the monkey forest, kawi shrine, and elephant safari. Deans co-driver, putu was EXCELLENT. Great rate, no scams. 081-23640160.You can try to book the hotel online for a cheaper price. Try hotelclub.com we live in java currently on a business visa and have been to various hotels in Indonesia. This is one of the best!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everything we could want! My new husband and I stayed at the Padma for 8 nights in April 2005 for our Honeymoom and it was exactly what we wanted.After a longer than usual wait at reception for our room (no matter, they gave us both a free drink 鈥?the wait was quickly forgotten) We were taken to our room through lovely landscaped gardens. We stayed in a Garden Deluxe Chalet room, which we would recommend over staying in a standard room in the large block. We had complete privacy in a small block with a lovely balcony overlooking the garden. The room was comfortable and quiet.After a 30 second walk we arrived at the pool area which was breathtaking, especially at night! A massive pool with plenty of lounges and space around to relax. It was perfect.. A lot and a lot of Aussies though!! The location was perfect for us aswell, outside the main grounds was all the shopping we wanted, we even walked to Kuta main shopping area twice, it took around half hour each way, which is fine when there is so much to see! Stepping back into the resort took us away from all the chaos outside and we could relax again.We would definitely recommend this resort to anyone who wants the perfect holiday without spending a fortune!!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>slrobinson
<Content>Fantastic hotel The Padma hotel is wonderful, the lobby is vast and the grounds are exceptionally clean. The pool is fab with friendly staff and a great pool bar. The location is brilliant and the rooms are all true Balinese style. I could not fault this hotel for the price. The spa facilities were brilliant - the free massages around the pool is a great sales pitch for the spa, we booked a full body massage, foot massage and facial. Great for couples and a really peaceful environment. I would defnitely recommend this hotel. It is directly on the beach and Legian has better waves for surfing than Kuta.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will never go there again We went to Bali for 2 weeks on our honeymoon in April/May 2005 and booked into 3 different resorts (the Nusa Dua Beach hotel and Spa, The Royal Pita Maha in Ubud and Hotel Padma in Legian).We arrived at the Hotel Padma for the last part of our trip to find that our room was not yet ready. After being made to wait for 2 hours at reception, we were taken to a shabby looking room with 2 single beds and no view. We complained to reception and told them that we were on our honeymoon and that our travel agent had booked a deluxe chalet for us but we were told that there were none available and that this was the best they could do. We told reception that we could not possibly stay in a room with 2 single beds on our honeymoon and that we were going to have to book into another hotel. We went to their business centre and googled other Bali hotel then eventually booked into the Bali Hilton for the remaining 3 nights.We then asked reception for a refund but were told that we would have to speak to our travel agent for that. So we asked for a letter confirming that we had not stayed at the hotel which we were eventually given after an hour.My husband and I had both travelled quite extensively and we were shocked at the unfriendliness and rudeness of some of the staff. There was absolutely none of that famous Bali friendliness and it ruined the last part of our honeymoon.Definitely a place to avoid. I would never set foot in that hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Luxuryman
<Content>Padma Hotle Great Place to Stay.       pool area  
<Date>Sep 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jur
<Content>check your bills !   showReview(3810996, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>beeFrance
<Content>Nice hotel   showReview(3662320, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cow
<Content>Concern over room allocation and club benefits   showReview(3522535, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>do not stay at the padma   showReview(3496503, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Vacationers_08
<Content>Padma was wonderful   showReview(3426966, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>esbanjador
<Content>Great value for money   showReview(3211860, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A beautiful getaway ..one you wont ever forget   showReview(3097162, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>tranquil Padma   showReview(2584535, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Parkerpeople
<Content>Big Hotel with great pool!   showReview(2495044, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hi2emma
<Content>Beautiful hotel   showReview(2216490, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偩銉笺儓姘楀垎銈傘偡銉с儍銉斻兂銈般倐   showReview(22855564, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>銉儫銈儊
<Content>銉愩儶銇ソ鍦掞紒銇ㄣ仯銇︺倐瑕垏   showReview(21361289, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>sylvieandco
<Content>Excellente situation       la chambre au 1er 茅tage  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>nobu130
<Content>銈儵銉栥儵銈︺兂銈搞亴銇勩亜       銇婇儴灞嬨伄鍓嶃伄搴仹銇欍€?/a>  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>銉ゃ優銉?> 銉ゃ優銉?</a> </div>
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銈傘儣銉笺儷銈傘仚銇斻亸鑹亱銇ｃ仧   showReview(19231085, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兗銉囥兂锝ャ偗銉┿儢锝ャ偡銉ｃ儸銉笺仹銉併儳銉冦仺銉儍銉併伀   showReview(19171218, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍒ヨ崢鍦帮紒锛?#x201d;   showReview(19170899, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儘銉犮兗銉?#x201d;   showReview(19170258, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏂欓噾銇壊銈娿伀婧€瓒炽仹銇嶃倠銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19170158, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>viajerogay
<Content>una maravilla   showReview(13740633, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇濄亾銇濄亾渚垮埄銇с伄銈撱伋銈娿儶銈俱兗銉?#x201d;   showReview(19167927, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈熷緟銇椼仸銇亱銇ｃ仧銇伀銉汇兓銉?#x201d;   showReview(19165689, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉愩儶寤虹瘔   showReview(19164859, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈傘亞涓€搴﹁銇嶃仧銇勶紒   showReview(19162244, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐠板銇屻亜銇勶紒   showReview(19161867, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈ㄣ兂銈裤兗銉嗐偆銉°兂銉堟€с亴銇傘倞銇俱仚   showReview(19161815, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇亷銈勩亱銇偗銈裤伀浣嶇疆銇欍倠婧栭珮绱氥儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19161567, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鎬濄亜銇鑹亱銇ｃ仧锛?#x201d;   showReview(19161314, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴銇壇銇勩€併儶銈俱兗銉堛伄闆板洸姘椼倐妤姐仐銈併倠銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19161304, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇仼銇с仐銇熴€?#x201d;   showReview(19161289, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>渚垮埄銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19160137, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛撲汉銇偘銉兗銉椼倓瀹舵棌閫ｃ倢銇渶閬╋紒   showReview(19155631, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>2娉娿仐銇俱仐銇熴€傘偣銉嗐偆...   showReview(19923193, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉勩偄-銇с倐鑹亸浣裤倧銈?..   showReview(19920775, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉囥儵銉冦偗銈广偡銉ｃ兗銉伀...   showReview(19917911, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

