<Author>aggiejlh
<Content>Great Hotel I thought this hotel was a great deal. It was clean, comfortable, and the staff was very helpful especially with getting our group of nine transportation. I didn鈥檛 have any issues with noise and everyone I saw staying here were the kind of clientele you would expect to see at this type of hotel. I used Priceline for my reservation and was extremely pleased with the price I paid especially for this hotel and its amenities. I would recommend it to anyone and was overall very pleased with my stay!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>TravelGuy1001
<Content>Good But Not The Best The hotel was alright. When we arrived to our room it was beautiful!!! What a sight but what a noise. The train was below our room and it was very noisy. All night we listened to the horn blowing. Next morning when we woke up there was a leak coming from the vent. We had to switch rooms and the next one we were in was very dusty and still had the trains noise. It was still nice though. The food was great and there was a great staff!! I would go back only if I had to.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	3	5	5	4	

<Author>forress
<Content>Big Convention Hotel and Impersonal       View from West End  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	3	2	

<Author>Maizie3213
<Content>Here for a conference I stayed at the Hyatt when attending very large conference held there. We arrived at the Hyatt Regency by cab. The front desk staff was friendly and helpful. I was assigned to a room with 2 double beds in the Reunion Tower. The lobby level is large and beautiful, but it was somewhat confusing to navigate. There is a very expensive coffee/snack shop and gift shop with very limited seating. The elevators were essentially efficient. I never waited longer than 2-3 minutes, even during busy times.My room was clean and comfortable. The bedding was luxurious! There was a small closet with an ironing board and iron. The TV was a decent size but I didn't much of a chance to watch it. The bathroom was also very nice. They provided plenty of towels and toiletries. My only complaint about the room was the lack of electrical outlets. I needed to plug in my laptop and cell phone chargers, and I found only 2 outlets and they were very difficult to reach.We did not eat in any of the hotel's restaraunts, but they looked nice. We did enjoy cocktails at the second floor bar, and we found the prices reasonable and the service adequate.Overall, I enjoyed this hotel and had a good experience.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>SConthemove
<Content>As expected. The Dallas Grand Hyatt is about what I expected from a large city Hyatt. I did not find any of the negativity expressed in other reviews (kids, noise etc.). The food is expensive, as is food in all major hotels in major cities.Rooms were clean, staff friendly and beds very comfortable. Kennedy Book Repository museum walkable and train station very close.Was there for a meeting and the hotel proved a nice venue.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Durango4x4
<Content>Nice Hotel if on business at the convention Stayed here while exhibiting at a convention. It is about the closest hotel to the convention center (3 blocks) and reunion arena (next door) that you will find.Overall the rooms were very well kept and the service from the staff right up with any top notch hotel. Had a couple meals at the Centennial Diner and they were very good. Prices are a little higher than probably warranted, but still a good meal.Be aware that this hotel is not the easiest to get to in Dallas. In fact, downtown dallas is somewhat hard to drive within. It took me 30 minutes to get back to the hotel at night. I was only 1.5 miles from it, but very confusing to drive.I would stay here again on business, but would not for recreation.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	5	4	

<Author>foveaproject
<Content>The Superdome? This is a really nice hotel, with a nice staff. They just attract a client base that reminded me of the Superdome after a hurricane.If you travel in cargo shorts and flip-flops, sporting your newest tattoos and an unlimited supply of cigarettes. This is your Graceland. The staff is very tolerant of this business model. I assume since there are so many rooms they always have vacancy so they just fill it up with large groups and anyone walking down the street.I would not pay the rates they advertise, if you use priceline they are always the buyer of a cheap fair, and it shows.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sigsix
<Content>biggest raping my wallet ever suffered The bed, linens, furniture and decor was beautiful with down comforter and pillows, The service was okay, but the cost what horrible. The room was medium sized and because we were here for a huge conference, there were no discounts, so the room was $145 per night for a king. There was no microwave, refrigerator or any other common convenience, but the coffee could be purchased downstairs and the cost rivaled Starbucks but the flavor didn't. The lamps were equivalent to a mid 80s motel except with fluorescent bulbs. Valet parking is $20 per night, and the internet is a whopping $10 for 24 hours. Oh and our key cards for the room were decoded twice in 3 days. This place was a massive expenditure and ruined an otherwise wonderful weekend.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>nunny51
<Content>Great location Very nice, clean hotel. Restaurants way too expensive for the average family (about $13 for an average breakfast plate). Would recommend the Corner Bakery several blocks away for breakfast. Bar is also very expensive, $8.50 for a simple whiskey and 7-up. Extremely small pool for the size of the hotel, not many deck chairs. Requested frig 3 weeks in advance, none available on check-in, told it was first come, first served even if it was reserved. Finally got a frig. Very polite staff, although housekeeping knocked on the door at 830 AM. Great location, walking distance to at least 3 museums, the JFK 6th floor museum in the Dallas School Book Depository Building is a must-see. Lobby seating very limited, we were there for volleyball, not many places for team members to hang out together. One last tip, don't drink the $4.50 bottle of water in the room!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>kkbenton
<Content>Overrun by screaming 13 year olds Wow - DO NOT STAY HERE if you want to sleep. If you are interested in roaming bands of hundreds of unsupervised screaming children, apparently this is the place for you. There's really not much for kids at the hotel or in the area, so they were just chasing each other all over the hotel and joyriding in the elevators with the hotel staff doing nothing about it. Multiple times I waited over 20 minutes to get on an elevator along with a lot of annoyed adults. A group of kids would show up and literally push people out of the way to get on an elevator. I pointed out the  100 or so people waiting on an elevator to the front desk staff and they suggested I go up to the 2nd floor and try to get on there. Another 100 people were waiting for the elevators on the 2nd floor. I went back down and asked where the stairs are - to my room on the 12th floor.The atrium area echoes sound so badly that the sound of the bar, restaurant, and lobby (oh and don't forget all the screaming kids) is amplified and very loud inside the rooms, even with towels shoved under the door and the tv on. I'm not saying the hotel should be supervising other peoples kids, but if they book kids dance competitions and volleyball tournaments and allow children to stay in rooms together without an adult, then they created this situation and should take the responsibility to deal with the result. Clearly Hyatt was not prepared for the situation they created, or is not interested in maintaining their reputation with business customers - or adults in general, for that matter.Other than that, the rooms were ok, although becoming a bit worn (peeling paint, torn wallpaper, scuffed furniture, stains) and it doesn't look like they are properly maintaining this hotel. Most likely their business has fallen off due to Reunion arena and renovating reunion tower and this is the result.On the positive side, the valet staff was great and very friendly. The (Parrinos?) restaurant was surprisingly very good.I got this room for $60 on priceline - so beware on priceline - if you bid on a 4 star hotel downtown, you are most likely to get the hyatt. Check expedia - I stayed at the Adolphus and Stoneleigh previous weeks for ~130/night booking through expedia. The extra money is definitely worth being able to sleep and not having to take the stairs 12 flights to your room.Unless you are a screaming 13 year old and want to spend the night joyriding in hotel elevators, I suggest you not stay here.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	3	1	1	2	

<Author>Loutravel
<Content>Big Hotel - Great Stay Business Trip - Food was great and room was great also!Business Hotel all the way.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>danaides001
<Content>Thrown out by the Maid!!! Everything went well right up to the morning of check out. We were there for our anniversary. The desk staff was efficient on check in and the valet parking was one of the most professional I've ever experienced. They were delivering cars in under 2 min! Wow.. can't say enough good about the valet parking employees. The wait staff in the bar was cordial and prompt. The problem.. THE PROBLEM.. was the maid.. the morning of our last day she is banging on the door at 8:22am.. BANGING ON THE DOOR .. when we finally wake up enough to put on clothes and peak out the door to see who it is.. (she is shouting through the door as well.. Hey.. Hello' wake up!! ) I am not kidding.. I have never been treated like this in any hotel.. When we open the door.. she says literally.. 'WHEN YOU LEAVE???... She wants us to hurry up and leave so she can clean the room.. I told her check out was at noon and we were in no hurry. Of course after being so rudely treated and mad we couldn't go back to sleep so we showered and got the hell out of there.. we were gone by 9am.. If Hyatt needs their rooms so badly.. we can do them even better.. We'll never stay in another one of their rooms.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>1	4	5	5	5	5	1	-1	

<Author>galveston_gal
<Content>Great View We had an average sized room with a great view of the city from the 22nd floor. I love Hyatt's beds - great linens and down duvet. A small refrigerator, and coffee maker were in the room. The pool looked very small and the water was murky so we didn't get in. Other Hyatt's we have stayed in have a sauna or steam room but this one did not. The restaurant we tried at the hotel had the exact same menu as the room service menu (including the same high prices - $20 for a chicken fried steak). All in all we enjoyed our stay and would return to this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>JimSF
<Content>Noisiest hotel ever. Avoid like the plague! I stayed in an atrium room. There is a sports bar in the atrium which is incredibly noisy, even at 1 AM, and the noise carries straight through the door. If you cannot get a non-atrium room-- especially if you'll be here on a weekend night-- you should find some other hotel. We are talking about serious noise here. I am not super sensitive-- I live directly next to the Bay Bridge in San Francisco-- but this is loud and disturbing, clanking of glasses, shouting, etc., and it's still going at 1 AM. The front desk people were nice about it, and managed to find me earplugs once I insisted and talked to the manager, and they took off most of my internet charges, but it doesn't make up for an intolerable room.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>thekidsmom
<Content>Fine hotel; horrible pool All you could expect from a Hyatt of this size; great convention hotel. Nice bar, snack area, etc. Rooms are nice (especially since I got it for $55 on price line!)However, we were extremely dissapointed in the pool! For a hotel of this size, I would have expected a MUCH larger pool. I've been in private backyards with larger pools. My kids were totally bummed and had to check it out 2 different times throughout the day b4 there was enough room for them to even get in. There are also very few deck chairs, so if you are looking to just lay out and get some fresh air, you might be sitting on the deck.Valet is $20 for 24hrs with in/out privileges. The park it yourself option is $10 with no in/out.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>NilesD72
<Content>All that you expect from a Hyatt       The hotel  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	1	

<Author>aperio
<Content>Wouldn't be my first chocie for a family vacation I stayed at the Hyatt for 4 nights in May. Check-in was a breeze and overall I didn鈥檛 have any problems with the room. The room was a good size and was clean. The Hyatt had a note in my room that said if you use your 鈥淧rivacy Please鈥?sign then the maids won鈥檛 change you room at all. I used this sign so I could leave my laptop setup when I was out of my room and to their credit the maids didn鈥檛 enter my room at all over the 4 days I was there (I left the sign out the whole time). I鈥檝e been to other hotels where they pretty much just ignore the sign and the maids enter at 8:00am anyway. I have different observations if you鈥檙e a business traveler versus a family traveling on vacation. I鈥檒l start with a quick tip for business travelers. I was traveling on business and high-speed internet is always key for me. I ended up on the 6th floor in a room pretty far away from the lobby area. When I connected to the hotels high-speed internet service via wi-fi (the only option possible in my room) the signal I got was very low. A number of times my connection would just drop when I was connected for even a short time. I asked at the front desk regarding what could be done and they gave me a device (they called it a booster) which plugged into my laptop and that did the trick. I didn鈥檛 have any problems with dropped connections after that and I didn鈥檛 have to pay anything for the booster, so good save on the Hyatt鈥檚 part since otherwise they would have had to move me to a room with better reception. As for my other business (and families) advice, the Hyatt isn鈥檛 near much in terms of restaurants that you can easily walk to so either rent a car if you tire easily of room service, expect to take some cab rides, or go across the street to the light-rail system if you want to venture away from the Hyatt (room service was actually pretty good and pretty fast 鈥?but not cheap). For families traveling who are looking for a resort experience just one word or warning, the pool and hot-tub at the Hyatt are fairly small and are on the roof on the 3rd floor. When I was there it was very, very hot on the roof with virtually no shade (no umbrellas or covered chairs). If your looking to spend some serious time by the pool I think that would make the Hyatt a bad choice -- I was out on the pool deck on a 90+ degree, sunny day and it was unbearable. Also, the Hyatt has a coffee shop on the lobby level, it鈥檚 a great place to get soft drinks, pizza or snacks for the kids. I almost walked past without noticing all the goodies they had for sale. Cab fare from DFW to the hotel was $45 and took about 30 minutes. My room faced the train tracks and I never was bothered by the noise, but you might want to ask for a room away from the tracks if your easily disturbed by outside noise.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	1	4	5	4	3	

<Author>ATLNate
<Content>Huge Hotel in a Good Location This is a typical monster hotel that caters to conventions and business travellers. Overall not a lot to complain about. Here are the pros and cons:Pros:-Big hotel with lots a amenties and entertainment-Nicely appointed rooms with very comfortable beds-Good location in Dallas' west end near Deally PlazaCon-Have to walk under a bridge that is infested with birds and bats to get to the West End districtI read a few reviews that complained about noise. My room (12th floor) looked over the train tracks and I never heard a thing.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Masonpips
<Content>Mother's Day weekend Considering the price of $65/night (Priceline) it was a great stay. We had 3 rooms, all with 2 beds, at this rate and it's our 3rd year in a row winning this hotel. We use the parking lot just outside the hotel for overnight parking ($10/night), love the coffee shop for a quick snack or breakfast and haven't had issues w/the staff, service or anything.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>laplume9254
<Content>Tired, Tired, Tired We stayed at this hotel for three nights. It was a convention hotel pick. The room was very tired...spots on the carpet, burned out light bulbs, TV remote in need of a battery. The bed, in an attempt to make it a heavenly bed, lacked the proper sized sheets. The bedding ended up off the bed in the middle of the night and was just too much to make it acceptable. The location is scary....we were warned not to walk around after dark in this section of town. In our opinion, it just stays in business because of its location close to the convention center. If you are not at the convention center, don't waste your money and time here.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	1	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>sf1009
<Content>Stuck with this hotel I was stuck with this hotel because I was attending a conference held there. I checked in a day early and should have had been able to get a great room. Upon checking in the person asked if I wanted a higher or lower floor...I said I just wanted a good room. (But stay on a higher floor because the elevator is worth it!) The room was nice...until nighttime when the trains run all night long - they run all day too, but at that point I had not noticed. After a very long flight filled with delays, I wanted to sleep. So, ask for a room on the other side of the tracks!Good thing they serve Starbucks because you certainly can not go anywhere to get your early morning or midafternoon fix. This hotel is tucked away on the other side of a dark and very yucky underpass.The restaurants in the hotel are wonderful - great food and great service - but a short 8 block walk ($10 cab ride) passed the book depository has you on blocks of very good restaurants.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Wedgewood
<Content>Standard Convention Hotel There is nothing wrong with this hotel, but it is a fairly standard convention hotel. A bit older (as is demonstrated by its cameo in the opening montage of the TV series, Dallas) but very well maintained. Rooms are standard Hyatt rooms. Location is odd, because although you're close to downtown, it is separated by a winding road beneath a railroad viaduct, making it a bit more inconvenient to walk anywhere than its location would suggest. My room had a beautiful view of downtown, including a direct line of sight to the iconic Reunion Tower (which is attached to the property). The hotel restaurant (Centennial Cafe) was not very good. By far the worst chicken fried steak I have ever had in Texas.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>julie4
<Content>Great hotel! This was the third time I've stayed at the Hyatt Regency in Dallas, and the third time it's been great. Overall, the hotel is excellent, clean etc. Only downside is dining, valet, internet, etc is very pricey!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	2	4	5	5	4	3	4	

<Author>EdocEsrom
<Content>Beware the atrium rooms! The hotel staff was very friendly and our room was clean and comfortable. The location was good, with easy access to the trains and walking distance to the West End and convention center.However, our room was on a balcony overlooking the bar/restaurant area. Although the view was beautiful, the noise is horrific. The acoustics in the atrium make every noise sound like it's right outside your door and we were kept awake every night by noisy bar patrons until about 2 in the morning (I'm guessing that's closing time). It would have been nice if the hotel management had asked the bar patrons to be more considerate of those who use a hotel to sleep as I can't imagine they aren't aware of the noise issue.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>jackosan
<Content>A Serviceable Convention Hotel in a Lackluster Downtown This is the 5th or 6th time Priceline has sent me to a Grand or Regency Hyatt in a major US city. Each time I was well pleased with the value for the money, but each time, the price was well under 50% of the lowest published rate. These Hyatts are 30-40 year-old convention hotels. They are 3-3.5 stars, not 4-star hotels. Nice rooms, nice amenities, but old and lacking the dreamy beds of nicer Starwood and Marriott hotels.The Dallas Hyatt sits at the edge of downtown, behind the railroad station. While some reviewers have complained of freight train noise, it should be no problem if you are used to even a little bit of big city traffic noise. It is set off from the rest of the downtown by some underpasses that are not particularly hospitable at night. Thus, while much of downtown is within walking distance, you may not wish to chance the walk after dark.The Hyatt has the obligatory huge atrium and multiple dining/drinking options. The next-door revolving restaurant tower, however, is under construction. The food/drinks were serviceable, if overpriced. The staff was most friendly and well-intentioned.Bottom line -- I wouldn't book this hotel at published rates. If I had a choice and a car, I would stay at a suburban hotel near dining/entertainment. This is one of those downtowns that shuts down at night. It is not a residential city center.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>charlotteguy
<Content>Good Spot I stayed here Feb. 16-18th. Rooms--Very nice, comfortable bed and great bathroom area.Restaurant--The breakfast and lunch buffet were good. Wonderful fresh fruit on the breakfast buffet.Location--Very walkable to Kennedy Memorial. Not a lot around as the area is mostly surrounded by office bldings.This is a convention hotel so the crowd varies on the convention. When I was there it was a cheerleading convention. Tons of teen-age girls......they were well behaved but just everywhere.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>47203Traveller
<Content>Hyatt--A Class Act       Hyatt Dallas  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Piocaesare
<Content>Service letdown The Hyatt Regency Dallas was chosen as the host hotel for a regional gymnastics competition we attended this past weekend.Fourteen families from Washington (state) stayed at the hotel for one night.My family had a one-bedroom suite and it was considerably nicer than the average suite through the lack of a minibar/fridge was a minor inconvenience.The rooms are modern and clean, the beds are comfortable, and the hotel staff is friendly and helpful.However, the issues we (and other families in our group) had with room service were terrible.After tallying up the damage our group ended up with 4 dinners delivered more than one hour after promised time (out of 5 dinners ordered).In our case, we ordered breakfast for 6:30-6:45am. Because of past issues at Hyatt's we not only filled out the door-hanger-menu but we gave it to one of the staff who delivered it to room service the night before.We needed to leave the hotel at 7:15am sharp for the gymnastics meet.At 7:05, no breakfast. I called room service, they acknowledged my order, but said they were busier than usual and it would be at least 15 more minutes before breakfast would be delivered.We cancelled breakfast (and were not charged for it) and were able to run to a nearby store and get a bagel and some fruit juice.On the bus over to the gymnastics meet we talked to other parents who were very upset that they travelled 2000 miles, stayed in a fairly high-end hotel, and now their kids would be competing in a 4-hour gymnastics meet without having had breakfast.This is something that would be forgivable for a 2-star hotel but not for a 3-star or higher hotel.It's possible the room service experience might be better if the hotel were half full or less. I won't be returning to this Hyatt. If you plan to stay there I recommend:1) Find out how full they expect the hotel to be when you are staying there. 2) Don't depend on room service. Have a back-up plan or be OK waiting.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	4	4	4	1	-1	

<Author>KCRazorback
<Content>It's big and somewhat pricey - good location Stayed over new years 31st -2nd. This place will always have lots of football fans attending the Cotton Bowl over new years, so it gets slammed . They were the host hotel for one of the football teams - so mostly all fans from one school - just make sure that is your team. They do a decent job of managing the crowds, especially at the valet. The rooms were just okay - not as clean as I hoped - somewhat dirty pillow cases, but they do have 1100 rooms, so I cut them some slack. The location is great as they are connected to the DART public transit system, real close to the West end and only a $10 or so cab ride up to the uptown area (I suggest two restaurants in uptown - Cuba Libre and Zizikis). The main bar in the atrium is pretty nice, lots of TVs, places to lounge and shuffelboard. One disappointing note was that due to being completely sold out with so many late check outs, as of 3 PM new year's day, they did not get around to cleaning our room and said that the staff was going home at 5:30, so it couldn't be done. Valet parking at $18 (free entry/leave) seemed worth it over trying to figure out and haul to a further parking lot for $10 (which was not free entry/leave). Did find out the attached Reunion Tower is closed for remodling till sometime late in 2008. It's a bit tricky to get to the hotel itself off the Interstate, make sure you have some detailed directions or a GPS.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>gee_ess61
<Content>Friendly Service - Loud area We stayed at the Hyatt for the recent Cotton Bowl over New Year's Weekend and the hotel staff was unbelievably friendly, helpful, and personable if you consider that this is a huge, busy weekend in a gigantic hotel filled to capacity. Usually, this makes a staff cranky and unpleasant, in my experience. The rooms were clean and the beds were very comfortable. I like to stay in hotels that have upgraded to softer mattresses with sheets/down comforters instead of gross bedspreads, and the Hyatt fit the bill. My only complaint - and it could be a big one for some people - is that one side of the hotel overlooks three train tracks. Two of the tracks carry commuter traffic and the third seems to be a regular freight train track. During the night, trains ran OFTEN with increasing frequency as the morning arrived. Twice during the night freight trains came through and my floor literally vibrated from the noise (by the way, I was all the way on the 6th floor). It was a little creepy and I thought I might have imagined it, but it occured the second night we were there also.If you plan a visit to the Hyatt, ask to be put on the far side of the hotel away from the trains and you will probably be okay.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>RB4
<Content>One of the Best Trained Staffs in America This is one of the best values for the money you'll find. Although a bit off the beaten path, the attentive service of every staff memeber more than makes up for the slightly inconvenient loacation. If you need to be near/in Downtown Dallas, this Hyatt can't be beat!  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shadowpuppetlady
<Content>Priceline Deal I booked this hotel for a weekend (Friday -Monday) while I was in town for a Cowboys game. Priceline (4 stars, downtown Dallas) for $55/night. I'm not at all familiar with Dallas but downtown Dallas is pretty much dead on the weekends. If I were to stay there again for a weekend, I'd look more uptown.Parking: Based on other Tripadvisor recommendations, we used the self-park a half block from the hotel (from the main entrance, just take a left). $10/day with no in/out versus $18/ day for the hotel valet. There always seemed to be a long line for the valet, so it seemed easier to self-park.Check-in: Arrived late night/early morning, so no long lines. Check-in was quick. I asked for a room with a city view and there was no problem getting one.Room: King bed, non smoking with city view. Standard room. Nothing special . We were on the 8th floor with a decent city view. There's trains that run on that side of the hotel, but the noise did not bother us at all (just rolling of trains, not blowing of horns, etc). The bed was one of the most comfortable hotel beds I've ever sleep in. Housekeeping: We forgot to put the privacy sign up so housekeeping kept knocking. Food: We tried the breakfast buffet at Centennial Cafe on Sunday. $15/person. Standard fare: fruit, breads, potatoes, eggs, cereal. No pancakes or french toast, which I would hope to get for that price. Overall, good Priceline deal, but I don't think this hotel warranted a four-star  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelBeard
<Content>Great building, inconsistent service This is the hotel that was featured on the opening credits of the TV show Dallas for many years, and remains the epitome of the mirrored glass architecture from the late 70s/early 80s in Dallas. That, and the trademark atrium, date this hotel somewhat. Still, they have done a nice job of updating things. Rooms are airy and sizable--and placing the beds overlooking the view (as opposed to parallel to the windows) make the room feel bigger still. Good beds, and enjoyable showers, with noteworthy water pressure. My room, 2321, had a good view of the skyline, and many of the rooms on that side of the hotel do--request one. The hotel is well located for highway access, particularly for a downtown hotel. Valet parking is $19.50 a day, and can be slow for car retrieval. Internet is $10 per day--obscene given margins on this service, and outrageous given that many less expensive hotels no longer charge for this. Fitness center is well maintained, and though some equipment could use updating, it is nicely furnished and free to guests. There is a pool and hottub on 3, but can't say it looked very welcoming. . .overlooks the back side--a rather desolate view--of the hotel.What is frustrating about the hotel is the service--while always pleasant, it can be lacking. Housekeeping just made my bed and replaced my towels one day--no tidying up. Another day, they neglected to come, altogether. In fairness, the hotel recouped well, and I got follow ups from the housekeeping manager and the assistant rooms manager--both of whom attempted to make amends. While recovery was good, there were sufficient lapses to disappoint. Yes, got this room for $59 a night on Priceline, but still expect good service from a 4 diamond Hyatt Regency. . .with work, perhaps I would be impressed next time. Building, overall, is a pleasant surprise--and if service had been at the same level, this would be a great find, particularly at the Priceline rate. Would still return, but would caution those paying full price that you may or may not get 4 diamond caliber service during your stay. And note to hotel--seek ways to eliminate internet fees. . .it feels as if you are nickel and diming your guests. Bad.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	4	3	4	2	3	

<Author>nhunixguy
<Content>A generic conference hotel The Hyatt Regency in Dallas is a predictable and unexciting place to stay for a few days. The only big news is that the Reunion Tower just closed for 12-18 months of renovations, and this includes the Antares restaurant and the bar on the floor above. The other hotel restaurants are unexciting and will close for private events on random days without any warning that I could find.The rooms were clean and the biggest housekeeping problem was that I was allotted only one bar of soap that I had to move back and forth from the sink to the shower. I didn't ask for a second bar of soap, and housekeeping apparently didn't think it was necessary during the 3 nights I was there. The hotel sits close to railroad tracks, and you'll hear the trains no matter what floor you're on. I was able to mask the sound for a little while with the A/C unit, but the fan would always return to AUTO after a few hours and then I'd hear the trains again. I could have stayed on the other side of the building away from the trains, but the vibrations are still there and the view is worse.The conference rooms were typically air conditioned too much and the food was average. It could be that this is what was paid for and attendees of other conferences may rave about the food. The high point of this hotel (literally) is the tower which is now closed.I'd look for another hotel if I were returning to Dallas. This one was clean and safe, but as a Hyatt, I expected much more than I got.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>tubelad
<Content>Good Hotel - Watch out for the rooms near the top floor and wireless access! This is an ok hotel and i may stay here again if was in Dallas again. I was given a room on the 15th floor and my wireless didnt work not even with the booster they supplied (some rooms dont even have a wired connection). So after going to the very helpful lady on the front desk she moved me to a room on the 5th floor where my wireless worked great.Could see the Texas depository from my room too which was quite cool.There's a small heated outdoor pool as well as a hottub which is pretty useful. There's a choice of restaurants but I didnt go into the tall reunion tower as I didnt have any decent clothes with me so i ordered (excellent !!!!) room service - even the bread had been warmed!There's a $15 buffet breakfast where you can eat as much as you want and the selection is excellent. Coffee shop and other little shops in the hotel and the lifts are astoundingly quick.Recommeded.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>matt_tx00
<Content>Great place - esp if you get a deal I've stayed at the Hyatt Regency Dallas several times - most recently in Nov 2007. The hotel is great for quality, location, and convenience. The lobby and the rooms are very nice - on the high end for a Hyatt. The rooms have comfortable beds with all the extras. Best part about this place is that there are always Hotwire and Priceline deals available - this is 4 star on Priceline and most recently I got a room with a $70 bid. The hotel has express check in kiosks - even if you book on Priceline or Hotwire the kiosk will let you pick the kind of room you want (which floor, park view vs. city view, etc). The hotel is a great location on the east side of downtown Dallas - convenient to all the major freeways (I-30, I-35E, I-45). You are minutes away from the West End Marketplace, the JFK memorial, the State Fair, Deep Ellum, and the clubs/restaurants in the Oak Lawn/Cedar Springs area. Dallas' rail line runs very close to the hotel as well. Some tips: The hotel is at the I-35E exit for Corporate Drive *East* (not West). When leaving the hotel, you need to take a right at the second light to get onto the freeway (the first light will take you into downtown). For parking, use the public lot at the bottom of the hill. Its a max of $10/day - its cheaper than paying the Valet parking plus you can come/go as you want *quickly* any time day/night. You'll just have to walk your suitcase a short ways up the hill. This is one of those huge anonymous hotels so inevitably some people who expect a lot of personal service are going to be unhappy with it. Only negatives I saw: you hear some industrial noise in there at night (I don't know if its the elevator or what?). Might wanna bring earplugs. Also - Hyatt tends to nickel and dime you to death (charge extra for little things like $4 bottled water and $2.50 spray starch).  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>mattmacnamara
<Content>Very Nice Stay - Great View I stayed here the night of Nov 3rd. 19th Floor, GREAT VIEW of Downtown. I had read reviews that complained about the trains going by, on the 19th floor it was a non issue. Everyone was friendly, checkin and checkout were very smooth. Great breakfast buffet at the Centennial Cafe on sunday morning(I Suggest the Southwestern Eggs Benedict). Overall an excellent stay and I will be going back.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Jhouston1971
<Content>Very Nice Stay Overall very pleased, especially considering some of the complaints posted here. I was on the 24th floor above the railroad tracks and I didn't hear much noise. Layout and Decor of the room was quite nice and my view of downtown Dallas and the new Victory area was impressive. Everyone I encountered at the hotel was top notch. Check-in was extemely quick and courteous. Same goes for the valet service. Only complaint was that the in room internet service seemed slow. At any rate, I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>ColleenieWeenie
<Content>Ooohh Very Nice I have stayed at this hotel twice and have found the suites to be very clean, the beds comfortable, the amenities available, and the location excellent. Stayed at the end of October and was able to use the heated outdoor pool; I'm from Wisconsin, so swimming in a 91 degree pool on a sunny Dallas October afternoon was a real treat.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RkyMtnHi
<Content>Good stay, but loud. I stayed at the Hyatt because of a conference I was attending. I was given a room that overlooked the Atrium (1145)--literally, over the whole Atrium area. Check in was easy and room staff and service were absolutely wonderful. I had a problem with my bed light not working and they sent up a mechanic who fixed the problem in no time (it really was electrical--I had identified the faulty cord, but he made the thing work consistently!). I ordered room service three times and it was impeccable every time--expensive and extremely filling, but very good ($23 for the standard breeakfast). You even get the unexpected steamed asparagus and grilled tomato for breakfast...veggies for breakfast--a nice treat! Thermostat in the room was crazy, it took some fine tuning to adjust it correctly. The beds were awesome--so comfortable. My view stunk--roofs, trains (and the whistles!) and the tower elevator was my view, but hey, I'm working, so what. My tub was clogged--I left a message with the front desk when I left--didn't have time to call before then and it didn't seem to bother me (my own filth, I guess? Eww!). I had dinner in the revolving tower one night--it was great and an absolutely wonderful view--nice sunset, full moon, great view of the book depository...I'm being bad, but it really was our initial view...apparently you revolve once an hour and that's how we figured that out. Having a drink up there proved to be a weird experience, so we opted for the hotel bar. Great bar but the World Series was on (poor Rockies!), so it was packed--no service at all. But I was here the day before the Series (and ironically, the day before our conference) and there was hardly anybody at the bar and I received superb service. I got to know Bob really well! I also had breakfast in the breakfast buffet area (forgot the name)-it was $15 (included juice and coffee) and a nice selection. I like that the hotel serves Starbucks--I know, I'm a coffee snob. Stay away from scrambled eggs though. They will cook whatever eggs you want, so do that option! I had the scrambled eggs at a conference brunch and they were gross--it tasted like powdered eggs...I backpack, so I know what they taste like! Other things, let's see--I forgot my workout clothes and they have a pretty nice gym and an outside terrace on the 3rd floor. They actually sold me a workout outfit (shorts and a t-shirt) for $15! It wasn't that bad and hey, I felt better about all the drinks at the bar! The one bad thing: The atrium rooms are LOUD!! Granted, I am a light sleeper and I always bring earplugs. On most nights, I just cranked the AC fan and the little wall that separates the foyer from the room seemed to work well for noise control (bar noise like loud laughing, glasses clinking, etc.). However, on my last night, there was a YoungLife conference or something and those kids were going nuts clapping and chanting until 1:00am. It's a good thing I have insomnia when I go on work travel, otherwise I think I might have killed them. I ordered a glass of wine to my room at 11:30 to wind down and the room service guy was saying that alot of people were complaining about the noise. So, just be forewarned: Atrium room=great interior view, lots 'o noise. My friends in the interior rooms said they heard nothing, so that might be something to consider if you don't bring earplugs! Last things--you can check in and print your boarding passes at the front desk and cabs were always lined up whenever we needed them. Really, the staff was absolutely wonderful in every aspect. Oh, one more thing--there is a BBQ joint called Sonny Bryan's Smokehouse BBQ that is relatively close to the hotel...it was recommended, but eh, not so much. I'm from the south originally, so you really have to have some good BBQ to impress me. I was happy to have some good fried okra and all, but the place struck me as somewhat of a tourist lure. Heck, if you never eat BBQ, you just might like it! But I digress...  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	5	5	2	

<Author>NoVAFamilyof4
<Content>Nice hotel, not enough exercise equipment Attended a conference at this hotel. I had a very nice room that must have been on the opposite site of the railroad....I did not hear the train. The room was very clean and large, the bed was very comfortable, and I had a good internet connection. The service was efficient and the staff seemed to be friendly and helpful.The only complaint I had was that there did not seem to be enough exercise equipment for a hotel this large. Even very early in the morning the equipment was constantly in use.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Janeite
<Content>Predictable, unexciting, attractive, clean My stay at the Hyatt was exactly what I expected: A comfortable, clean room in an unexciting, huge business hotel. Fortunately I had read TripAdvisor, so knew to avoid the railroad-view rooms. The hotel also honored my request to be away from the ice machine, elevator, atrium, etc. My room was very remote but completely quiet! (An aside: Whoever came up with the atrium design should be made to sleep near one. The noise is terrible.) The room was attractive, though the furniture was a tad tired and there was a stain on the carpet. The bathroom was nicely appointed, and the bed was wonderful. The only meal I had at the hotel was a room-service breakfast. The eggs, bacon, potatoes, etc. were delicious, but oddly garnished with asparagus. Whatever! It was delivered hot and on time. I would return, but probably would try the Adolphus first.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	2	5	-1	

<Author>dsrnyc
<Content>Don't Plan on Sleeping Not recommended if you like to sleep. The hotel sits DIRECTLY on a major train station that serves 4 different trains - DART (Dallas Area Rapid Transit) commuter trains, Trinity and Amtrak long distance trains during the day and then at night - ALL night - mile long freight trains rumble past the hotel. Not only does each blow its horn repeatedly, but long before and after the freight trains pass the hotel the echo of it riding the rails can be heard. Having read the reviews I thought I was safe being on a high floor, but no such luck. If you have to stay I highly recommend the back side of the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>1	3	4	1	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Whoadie
<Content>All i can say is WOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!! When i got here in Dallas it was culture shock!! i never been to a city like this i been to L.A and Seattle  Portland and a few other cities but this Dallas experience was a great the valet was ok didnt know the valet was $18 for 24 hours so after the first one i park my car a block away for cheaper but great. the front desk was outstanding, told me what i needed to know! they gave me room 911 it was funny to have that room number but great view of a building with BELO on it and also the train station and some building that was lighted up green the whole night. the room was great kinda was disappointed in the tv was expected a HDTV type tv not a 23 inch plain TV with a keyboard for the price i pay. that suck but the bathroom was nice like the doorway to get in the bathroom! the bed was great and did i say the view, i like the place. the reunion tower was great to the bill was over a $100 but the Antraes resturant was great so many couples, kinda happy i wasnt the only couple up there that 360 degree was like wow! the breakfast was great also so many dallas cowboys fans eating their on Sunday but i love everything i recommend this hotel to anyone!! 5 *****Jeff CarterNew Orleans,LA  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>karays
<Content>Nice hotel but terrible experience The room was nice and clean but when we went to bed is when we realized they stuck us in a room on the rail road tracks. We were on the tenth floor. Every 45 minutes a loud train horn would blow followed by 5 minutes of the bed vibrating. Right when you'd fall back to sleep, the horn would blow again. When we called down to complain the desk said both sides of the hotel have noise, one from the train and the other from the freeway. Wish someone would have told us that when we checked in. Instead they said they'd comp us our coffee in the morning. THANKS...that makes up for not sleeping an entire night. Another nit picky thing is the tv can't be seen from the bed. We had to move the big amoire to make it functional. Won't be staying there again!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	1	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>zo2004toronto
<Content>Nice hotel, slow Internet access Got a good deal (60 dollars with priceline). Except a really slow internet connection (you pay 9,95 for it) it is a wonderfull hotel.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ksgrl82
<Content>Loved it! There is absolutely nothing I can bad about this hotel. Loved the room. Staff was great. We ate in the restaurant and ordered room service, both of which was great. It was also in a great location and was a cheap cab ride to and from the bars.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KazariKid
<Content>4-stars + Priceline = Hyatt Regency Dallas The service was great. The room was great. Check-in was even great.But that wasn't the best part. The best part was I got it for $64 + tax, which was about $80 through Priceline.They had valet parking, a concierge and a business center, which I used to great effect.This is a wonderful choice, but you should see if you can avoid paying retail.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jxz
<Content>A good hotel -- especially if you get it on Priceline We stayed at the Hyatt Regency on Sept. 21, after getting it for $64 on Priceline. The location was great for us -- at the interchange of I-30 and I-35E -- because we just needed a place to stay while we were en route to Austin.Parking was kind of a mess. We pulled in front of the hotel to check in, only to encounter a minor traffic jam that blocked us in for about 15 minutes. The front desk said the hotel was valet only, but there's a parking lot less than a half-block away that's half the price and very convenient.We checked in around 11:30 p.m., and the hotel was busy, loud and full of teenagers. Check-in was easy and we got a room on the 19th floor. Maybe it was because we used priceline, but the entire floor had a sort-of septic tank smell to it. The rooms didn't stink, but the hallway sure did. The room itself is fine -- big, cushy bed. I loved the double french doors on the bathroom. We had a single king room, and were somewhat perplexed by the placement of the TV. ... you can't see it well from the bed (it faces the desk and two chairs.)We left early the next morning to continue on the Austin. Check-out was easy, as was retrieving the car from the lot down the straight.The overall: I was pleased with it, flaws on all, because we paid 64 bucks a night for it. Paying twice or three times that may not be worth it.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>DarthBane
<Content>Rooms and Location Great, but some problems Like many have stated in review of this hotel, the location is fantastic. It was within walking distance or a short cab ride to the Convention Center, Kennedy Plaza, Market St., Etc. The lobby is really nice inside with a waterfall and a nice relaxing feel to it. I worried, because if you read my review last year of the Sheraton in Arlington, TX, the lobby was great, and everything else was horrible. But I proceeded with hope. Front desk check-in was a breeze, unlike my last review at the South Point in Vegas, as staff was very friendly. In the lobby they have kiosks were you can print airline tickets, which was helpful. They also have a nice market store for late night snacks, and a nice gift shop. The rooms were very nice, which shocked me since other reviewers were down on the rooms. The decor was very nice, and you know me, I love the beds. And this bed was REALLY comfortable! Best part about this place. You could really sleep on these baby's! The TV was in an odd place where you had to pull it out of the cabinet, and twist it towards the bed. If you're on the bed, you're looking down at the TV, odd, but no big deal. The bathroom was nice, and the sink area was modern and new. The shower area is starting to look a little worn out, but it wasn't too bad. The worst part of this hotel was the dinning. I was there for a bodybuilding  fitness expo, and the hotel was packed with people. They were hosting this expo, which was at the Convention Center, and they knew of the large crowds months in advance. However, there were HUGE waiting times for the main restaurant on the 2nd floor. One night, I was alone, and waiting 45 mins to be seated, then the waiter, who looked like he was the only one working, said my food, which I only ordered an appetizer, would take an additional 45 mins! I figured they were just understaffed for that night. However, the next day for lunch, my table waited 2 hours for our food, which wasn't even that good!! That really made this hotel drop down a few notches. The pool was not good either as others have stated, very small. It's an expensive place, so not everyone could stay there, but overall it's not that bad a hotel. I'd stay there again, and just eat elsewhere. Rooms were nice and quiet, and the location was perfect.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	5	4	5	2	5	

<Author>ADAMcAllen_TX
<Content>Terrific Stay at Dallas Hyatt Regency @ Reunion Stayed at the Hyatt Regency Dallas-Reunion Arena for Crimes Against Children Conference (Aug.12-Aug.16, 2007). Check-in on Sunday was a snap. 2,500 conference attendees present from law enforcement, d.a. offices, mental health, and social work fields. I was initially booked a room facing west, and found that a/c was not working. Requested engineering to fix a/c and was told that I would be moved to another room. Room arrangements were made within 15 minutes. Was assigned to 26th floor with a panoramic view of the Dallas Skyline! Wow! No a/c problem here. However, hallways were warm.Room itself was large enough for myself, wife and 3 year old daughter. Plenty of space - desk, sofa chair w/ ottaman, pillow-top king bed, 27 T.V., microfridge, beautifully appointed bathroom w/ typical Hyatt touches. Carpeting and window drapes a little outdated. All staff (valet parking attendants, bellman, concierge, check-in/registration) were professional and very courteous. My daughter lost a blanket for her plush toy, and cleaning staff found it and returned to my daughter! What a wonderful touch!Room service exceeded my expectations. Portions were large, and always received a follow-up/courtesy call from room service if everything was satisfactory. Hotel is connected to downtown via underground walkway that leads to Union Station and Light Rail platform. Very easy to use and take to shopping/eating areas of Downtown (West End).Valet parking is a little steep @ $18 + tax, but very convenient with minimal wait for your vehicle to be brought out, with in/out privileges. There are city-owned parking lots to the north and south of hotel and charge $10, but NO in/out priveleges. Pool very small relative to number of rooms, but was hardly used by guests during my stay. Pool never had more that 4-5 kids in it at anytime.Never found any beggars, or panhandlers around the hotel, but would avoid Union Station unless your walking thru it. Hotel is within 5 minute walk to West End District, Dealy Plaza, Sixth Floor Musuem, as well as Union Station DART light rail stop.Hotel atrium is very pleasing to view and spend the afternoon just people watching. Prices for breakfast / lunch buffet run $15/pp. Explore other eating venues via 2 min. light rail ride to West End district.Check-out was a breeze. Slight wait for valet parking because of enormous amount of guests checking out of hotel on Aug. 16, but handled well. Rate was $113 + tax /nt., but I'm sure that priceline / hotwire deals are out there. Lots of praises for this hotel in spite of prior reviews. I really felt and was treated like some VIP. TIPS:-Hotel connected to light rail station via tunnel. Costs $2.50 for all day pass, incl. bus routes-If possible, consider parking vehicle in $10 lot, and use light rail to get around downtown and nearby attractions.-Use a map to get familiar with streets around hotel as downtown one-way streets can be confusing.-Drive defensively in downtown expressways.-Very helpful concierge, utilize to eliminate uncertainties about attractions, shopping/dining options.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BluEyesofJoy
<Content>Pricey - but awesome location This is the only hotel I stay at when I go to Dallas. It's in a great location and I can normally get a regular room for $70 on Priceline! They just redid Hyatts nationwide, and now they have these *amazing* beds - Big fluffy sheets and like 8 pillows. Good stuff. The only thing is the price - It's a luxury hotel, so everything's expensive. It's like $20 to park, and breakfast is a small fortune for my college student budget, but there are fast food places around the area for a cheap breakfast. They staff always seems kind of snobby to me but they are helpful.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>TDShaw30
<Content>Teacher Conference Unorganized Nearly 4,000 teachers - half sitting on the lobby floor! Check-in was a logistical nightmare. We bought sandwiches and ate on the floor. Doctors, laywers, other professions don't put up with this. Several lines to check in - 1-2 hours long. Bags were not sent up after three hours. Reason: bags were mixed up and sent to wrong rooms, had to wait in more lines to find bellhop to go to lost and found to retrieve missing luggage. More lines (15-20 minutes) at elevators from morning to evening. There is a bright side to this: Restaurants, too-soft beds and valet parking. They run, smile, and nearly make up for the rest. Restaurants/lounges are on the second floor. Service is okay, mixed drinks ($7) are very strong. Group of 4 large men were asked to leave Italian restaurant ($10-$30/meal) after launching into vulgar, profane, and sexually explicit conversation. A teacher, not the manager, persuaded the inebriated to leave. The lobby is beautiful (waterfall, marble, glass, plants, spotless), the revolving bar in the Reunion Tower was a nice experience. Service in the tower is better than the hotel's. If you book a stay here, call and ask if a convention (they happen often) will coincide. You may reconsider. Lines for guests not attending the convention were very inconvenient - several were overheard complaining and swearing.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	2	5	1	3	3	

<Author>margierita
<Content>Very Nice especially for the price! The hotel was very clean and pretty quiet considering it had many convention goers. Self Parking is $10 for 24 hours with no in and out priviledges - which is a bummer...and the parking lot is behind the hotel - not a walk for people in heels or handicapped. Our Hotwire price was excellent. We'd definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jminbh3
<Content>Don't let the bed bugs bite! The hotel looks good from the outside and the lobby is ok. Very deceiving! The rooms are very shabby. The room I was given had a musty stench that probably was due to the old moldy carpeting and outdated furniture. The outdoor pool facility is a big joke! It was simply a small cement pond' dug into an unfinished roof area, where the sun beating on the surface would make the heat unbearable. There was only room in the pool for approx. 10 people to stand in it just to cool off. Swimming was out of the question. The kicker of my entire stay was the abundance of bedbugs! I was eaten alive! It's been a week and a half since my stay  I'm still suffering from it! I don't see how this hotel earned its 4 stars. I would never stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	4	1	3	2	3	

<Author>RoadTripperNYC
<Content>Go Elsewhere I had dinner at the Antares Restaurant and it was awful. It's a revolving restaurant atop the Reunion Tower, and I've experienced something like it in NYC and Vegas. Seems like a waste In Dallas, when all you can see is flatland on one side and downtown on the other. For the prices, I'm expecting a great meal. So wrong.As soon as you step off the elevator, you're hit with a smell that's a cross between the toilet and mildew. I had a waiter with a thick accent and I had to have the poor man repeat everything twice...and because he didn't understand me, he had to have me repeat everything I said twice! Five minutes after I ordered, the food came. It was so fast that it made me think it was already prepared and they heated the plate up in the microwave. It certainly tasted like it was. The presentation was mediocre and I was only able to eat half of my much anticipated steak. For what I paid for this meal, it should have been so much better.The next night I was at their Dome lounge for cocktails, which was one floor up from the resturaunt. Same smell.Good service on both nights, though. I suppose the lack of patronage should have told me something. The hotel itself wasn't bad. The king sized room was huge with very little furniture. My towels had holes in them. But still, very clean and the staff very friendly. The poor woman manning the Coffee Post, though. This is a conference hotel, so there is always a conference going on. Yet they have ONE person at the coffee shop, and once in awhile when the hotel manager sees that the line has gone on to, oh 30 or so people, she'll come over to lend a hand.There are so many better hotels than this, especially for the price you pay.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	2	4	5	5	4	

<Author>jackw
<Content>Some Good, Some Bad We attended a huge conference at the Hyatt. First of all, everything is so crazy expensive, I know that is expected at most hotels, but I had an eighteen dollar hamburger (it wasn't that good, believe me...). The location of the hotel seemed fine, but we had a car. If you had to walk to various locations, it seemed a little remote. They didn't have our room that we requested when we got there (they only had a king and offered to put a rollaway in the room--- NOT!), but I called the manager and miraculously a double room appeared. Whatever. I think the hotel did a good job of handling the huge crowd and the staff seemed genuinely concerned that everything was up to par during our stay. I will say though, it is a pretty noisy hotel. Between the atrium/restaurants in the lobby (the sound carries) and the trains going all night, it was a little annoying. The beds are so comfortable though and the maid service was great (we left them a tip). We didn't really eat at any of the restaurants, just had room service. We did eat out though at a place called Bone Daddys. It was a barbeque place. if you don't mind waitresses that are dressed like hookers, this is a good place to eat. Lastly, go to the Galleria and Northpark malls, good shopping! :)  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>docmlh-64
<Content>A Pig with Lipstick I don't usually write reviews on hotels unless they are outstanding, yet I had to write something about the Hyatt Regency in Dallas. With the multitude of other hotels in Dallas, I would avoid this one. There are many, many problems with the quality of the property. It reminds me of the proverb, a pig with lipstick on is still a pig. It has ben dressed up on the outside (and lobby), yet the remainder is still very much as it was when it was first built. My room, on the club floor, had very low, eight-foot ceilings covered with popcorn. The bed was fine, yet the room felt dated. One one side of the property you have the trains at all hours, and on the other side, a wonderful view of the freeway. The halls are dark and cave-like, the swimming pool looked like something found in a motel 6, the workout room was miniature, there were no facilities for changing into workout clothing, the elevators were constantly clogged (at one point, it took over 20 minutes before one arrived), and the tower that is attached to the property looks like a prison. The underground tunnel attaching the hotel to the tour (and train stations) is stuck in the 70's and has many panhandlers asking for money for a burger. The last issue that I will raise is the extremely poor quality of the internet service. As I was here on business, I needed to have reliable internet access. I had to go down to the second floor lobby as it would not work reliably in the club room or my room.After staying at Hyatts all over the country, I am quite disappointed with this one. Avoid it.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	2	4	1	

<Author>mwfloral
<Content>Avoid the side with the trains.. We just stayed at this property June 21 for one night. Our room was in the atrium section. The only complaint is our room faced the railroad tracks, which seemed to run all night long. Needless to say, we got very little sleep. This property is huge, a little difficult to find, and parking is not convenient fof hotel guests. We valet'ed for $18.00 for one night.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	3	4	4	

<Author>DVSTAHO
<Content>Not worth it There are so many more hotels in Dallas to stay at. Please look at others before heading to this one. It was an aweful experience. They only offer valet for parking and we sat in line for valet for 30 minutes and then it was 18 dollars a day. When we asked them to bringour car up so we could get something out, they had lost our keys and couldn't find the car. It took over an hour. They did not give us the requested type of room. Their staff was less than cordial. We checked our bags at the bellhop the next day to have brunch. When we came back, they sent us to some closet where the gentleman took us into because we could find our bags faster than he could. I will never stay at this hotel again and I hope that none of my friends or family stays there in the future.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	3	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>BIZZTraveller
<Content>Very nice, but out of the way The hotel was lovely, the staff was great - but this hotel sits on the outskirts of the Downtown area. Nothing a taxi ride won't solve, but it's not as centrally located as other hotels with equally nice rooms and amenities. If you plan to stay in the hotel for your whole visit for work or you don't mind getting a cab to go ANYWHERE- it'd suit your purposes. If not, look somewhere else.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	3	3	

<Author>drjeff
<Content>Do Not Swim Here I recently stayed here during a conference . The hotel is cookie cutter Hyatt. It has the usual atrium. All the typical Hyatt touches. The rooms are nothiing special. Nor is the location. It is close only to the 6th Floor Museum, otherwise you must have a car to do anything worthwhile. The Swimming pool is pitiful. It is about a s big as the bath tub in the rooms. Shame on Hyatt for a large business hotel to have such poor facilites. Overall mediocre. The food in the hotel is very good, the only thing that sets this hotel apar. Stay here only if you get a good deal.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cokerbud
<Content>Great Hotel and Great Location This is a nice hotel at a good price. It is close to everything and has a great bar and of course, The Dome. The beds are great and the rooms are very nice. Park down the hill at the outside parking lot for half the price of Valet. The Valet here is slow and expensive. The guy in charge of the Valet was more interested in the phone conversation he was having than the five people standing around him waiting. It did absolutely no good to call down for the car early...they just did not care. I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Chardoo
<Content>Good value not that convenient location Hey, took a chance and low bid a star over the Memorial Day weekend for downtown Dallas. Wanted to be car-free for the long weekend, but close to some sights. Got a great rate on Priceline ($65.00 + tax), so cannot complaint about the price. The room is up to Hyatt standards, with nice bedding, towels and supplies. It is however at big convention hotel (over 1,000 rooms) so don't expect personalized service, unless you seek it out at the front desk or service desk. The problem, not the hotels fault, is that the whole downtown area ... resturants, nightclubs, and what little attractions that are in downtown Dallas closed up shop for most of the holiday weekend, I guess to go fishing. Your basically stuck the hotel for dining options, unless you wish to venture under a dingy tunnel to the train station or walk along a freeway ramp and under the RR to exit the hotel entrance to get to the other side of the tracks. The hotel is a good value if you get a good rate from one of the bid for travel sites, otherwise due to the location, next time I'm looking for a hotel in the Uptown or Cedar Springs area, much more walkable with people around (not just panhandlers - although they are people too)Good LuckChard, San Diego  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	2	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>stephanie07
<Content>Love iT! I love this hotel, it has luxury, and has a great location... It is in downtown, next to everything, and next to where JFK was shot... Also it has near the Reunion Tower, it has the best view of the city.. I had lunch there, it was amazing, in Antares, great restaurant, it just next to the lobby of the hotel... And there i learned about Dallas history, very beautiful hotel... Love iT! The room is amazing, big and very comfortable, the bed is awesomE! :D soo comfortableee... feeling like home!! I only stayed 2 days, i will have loved to stay more, cause i just was passing by, in my way to New York... I will definitely comeback, the city seem very nice...  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Aeargirl
<Content>Great Dallas Hotel! My husband and I stayed two nights at the Hyatt Regency in downtown Dallas. This is a great hotel. I have stayed there on business a few times, but this was the first for a personal stay. Check in is fast and friendly. The rooms are spacious, well appointed, and so comfortable! There were two nightstands, bedlamps, a large television, hair dryer, ironing board and iron, coffee/tea maker, desk, and chair. The beds are magnificent. It is hard to get out of the bed it is so comfy. You can buy their signature bedding from Hyatt and we are strongly considering it they are that fabulous.We ordered room service the when we got there (Fri night) to be delivered the following morning (simply by filling out a door tag and placing it outside). Breakfast was promptly delivered on time and was delicious. It was approx. $16, but my husband and I split it and were very full. The staff called to confirm that our requests had been met (room service, extra towels). The exercise room houses some of the best equipment - especially the treadmills. I have run on many and these are by far the best. The hotel is connected to the Reunion Tower, which has awesome views of Dallas. There are three restaurants and a bar in the hotel so you could conceivably never leave. The West End is within walking distance as is Reunion Arena and the American Airlines Center (Mavericks and Stars). The only hiccup is parking. You may valet park or use an adjoining lot to self park for a fee ($10 per day). This was not a problem until Saturday night when we returned from being out all day to find a HS Prom taking place at the hotel. The entrance was blocked so we couldn't valet park and the adjoining lot was full. We finally just drove to a restaurant to eat and wait out the mess. We would have rather eaten at the hotel since we were tired and ready to stay put. Overall this was a very pleasant experience and we highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HarperzMad
<Content>Excellent location and overall a pleasant stay. I visited the Hyatt as part of a holiday to Texas with my family. My two boys aged 10 and 13 loved it, especially the Reunion Tower (free to guests and wonderful views - recommend it night and day) and also the glass lifts in the atrium. Simple things etc.. The hotel is functional and the rooms were clean if not rich in features. Food, especially breakfast, was good and with the GBP:USD exchange rate as it is, very cheap. The location is terrific. Excellent views over downtown Dallas and we were especially fortunate as our room overlooked Dealey Plaza. It was pleasant to be able to walk to the Historic district. The only disappointment was the size of the swimming pool, which is tiny. Everything is bigger in Texas, except the hotel pool at the Hyatt Regency!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>lchandler4285
<Content>It was "conventional" not "personal" I stayed here as part of a small group during the USA Volleyball Lone Star Qualifier. Our group was here for four days and three nights. The hotel is beautiful architecturally and the lobby floor plan flows smoothly with plenty of room for large groups. There are good restaurants and a nice coffee shop inside the hotel. There is also a very relaxing bar area with flat screen televisions and a couple of billiards tables. There is not much outside the hotel. There is an area called the West End where there are restaurants, bars and some retail stores. It is about a ten minute walk from the hotel. On the way to the West End shopping district you pass the scene where John F. Kennedy was assassinated. It was disappointing because there were hawkers there and it made the whole thing seem commercialized. I would not make the walk alone to the West End shopping district as there are many panhandlers and you have to walk underneath some Amtrak railroad tracks.The hotel rooms were average in size with nice comfortable beds with clean bedding/duvets, etc. The bathroom was on the small side but was updated with nice fixtures. The only negative about the bathroom was there was absolutely no water pressure, ever. I tried taking a shower at a different time every day, but there was never any water pressure. My only warning to fellow trip advisors would have to be that this hotel is what it is: it is a VERY large hotel that caters to convention crowds. They have everything streamlined: it does not take long to check in, it does not take long to get a cup of coffee, and it does not take long to have guest services assist you with requests (I lost the television remote control). However, this hotel does lack a personal presence that is hard to quantify. In conclusion, I would recommend this hotel to group travelers and to business travelers. If you are traveling with your family or with a spouse, it just doesn't have anything special that sets it apart from all the other convention hotels and I would stay at a another property with a little more personal attention.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>travelgrrlnyc
<Content>A very nice experience I stayed at the Hyatt Regency Dallas for one night on business. I got a decent rate through Priceline. The hotel was easily located with a GPS system, I would have been a little turned around if I didn't have it. I started with my Mapquest directions and gave up. There are just a lot of one-way streets.They originally checked me into a room on the 14th floor facing the highway. This is a very busy highway. It was just as crowded at 6AM as it was at 10PM. I thought it was a little noisy. Apparently the other side of the building faces a train track. The front desk said that side was even louder. If you can sleep through anything you will be fine. I'm a light sleeper and knew it would keep me up. I opted out of my king bed on the 14th floor for 2 double beds on the 23rd floor facing the highway. This room was much quieter.The rooms are normal size for a Hyatt. The bathrooms are nice and feature the standard Portico amenities that I'm fond of. TIP: If you are like me you will think your coffee pot is missing a part. Open the coffee ground packet and the missing piece is in there! It was early and I was half asleep...what can I say?I had dinner in the glowing dome that goes around...when in Rome... The food was typical hotel fancy food and the prix fix menu was reasonably priced. It was a little romantic for a single traveler dining alone, but it wasn't uncomfortable. The servers were very attentive and nice. At one point while the dome is making it's rotation you can see the grassy knoll. Again...when in Rome... :)The only thing about the hotel was that I felt like I was really isolated. It is mainly surrounded by office type buildings. There didn't look to be anywhere that I could walk to dinner, etc. I don't normally like to drive to get my meals. I felt a bit trapped in the hotel and wasn't excited about all the options. There did seem to be more action on the bar area on level 2, but I'm not certain they serve food. I asked my waiter and he wasn't sure.If you need to stay near that area the hotel is certainly comfortable, but it isn't a destination spot.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	2	3	4	4	5	

<Author>Kmfundraiser
<Content>AFP Convention 2007 I stayed here at the end of March 2007 for the Association of Fundraisers annual convention.I stayed in this hotel 4 years ago for leisure travel and my stay was wonderful. This time around the stay was just okay.The bed was too soft and uncomfortable. My back hurt for days. Not everyone likes soft mattresses. Also this time I was placed in the old skyline wing that didn't seem to be as updated as the atrium wing was. The Centennial Cafe in the middle of the hotel was okay and reasonable. I would suggest visiting the West End for more variety of eating places.I would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>hotnettie
<Content>Best beds ever! First the good: The most comfortable bed I've ever slept in. Wonderful desk staff, super convenient to both downtown and all major freeways. Deep tub, modern swanky bathroom with frosted french doors. The room was spotless the 3 nights I stayed. Did I mention the beds??? Now the bad: No free internet, super expensive room service, LAME Parking situation. You can't even unload your bags and check in without battling the Valet guys. I recommend leaving your car at home, or just parking once and using public trans. Luckily everything is very close by. However, for the best bang for your buck, and if you have a car, try the Radisson near Love Field. Almost as nice, but w/ free wireless, free parking and affordable room service.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	2	

<Author>iole4life
<Content>Would be nice if parking was included Upon arriving at the Dallas Hyatt we were told we could pay the valet $18 to park for a day or go a block or two away and pay $10 each time we wanted to come / go. After checking w/ Mark at the front desk we were told that those were our 2 parking options and that the valet would expect to be tipped. For $18 a day i would think the hotel could afford to put some of that money towards paying the valet's a decent wage. Upon our check out the valet informed us that it does suck and that they get paid minimum wage.We had other problems but the Manager on Duty (Andrew) was helpful and let us get free Internet ($9.95 a day!!!). We also had to get a new hair dryer as the one in the room quit working.The hotel is in a nice location if you need access to downtown Dallas. If not, save yourself the hassle and get somewhere where you can park your own car and not have to sleep by the train tracks.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	1	2	1	

<Author>vouvoune
<Content>Good buy! upscale hotel at a small price We booked a last minute trip to Dallas and ended up paying $69+tax for a room with a king size bed.The room was spacious and confy and had all the great elements of a four star: Great lobby, awesome glass elevator, robes in the closet, fluffy SUPER COMFORTABLE bed and pillows...For the price it was great!Check your bill though because we were charged twice for parking, they changed that no questions asked.The internet was very slow and will cost you $10. Parking is $18, vallet only. The is another parking lot not far away but it is no in and out and cost $10...Another negative was that the room are not very soundproofed. I woke up in the morning to the noise of a bed squeaking and moans (Seriously it was right out of a movie). Also it is right next to the metro so you hear trains. Nothing too badwe had a great view of the city (17th floor) which was great, overall I am extremely happy with my stay and the few negatives are greatly outweigh by the positives. This is a great choice, especially if you can get a deal!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>tamaralea
<Content>Hyatt Regency through Priceline We can't believe we got this hotel for $60/ night through Priceline. They added a fee and tax, so the total per night was $74. It was a great deal! The room was located on the 24th floor and had a great view of the Dallas skyline. Occasionally we could hear the train station below, but it wasn't much of a problem. We didn't want to give up the great view. The beds were very comfortable. We tried to go up to the revolving bar/restaurant, but were turned away because my son was wearing his new SMU t-shirt he had just purchased after his tour. They did, however, give us free admission to the observation deck. Valet parking is $16 and a self-park (no in and out priviledges) is available accross the street for $10. Get good directions for this hotel because it is hard to find.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	2	

<Author>JAXtravel
<Content>Another reason why I call HYATT home.         
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>reclermo
<Content>Style and luxury in the heart of Dallas The Hyatt Regency Dallas could be described as a finely executed downtown mega-hotel. With over a thousand rooms, the hotel is simply massive. The front lobby always has a high level of traffic and I expect that the hotel is quite capable of handling huge conventions. There seemed to be quite a few on during my visit last year. Because the hotel is so large, you may not receive the personalized service you would expect from a smaller luxury hotel; however, I could find nothing to complain about during my visit. The valet parking was efficient, check in was swift (they also use an automated check out system which was very fast) and the room was everything you would expect from the Hyatt. All the furnishings were modern and luxurious. You will most certainly be impressed with the high level of detail and quiet sleep you receive in their sumptuous beds. I also recommend a visit to the upper floor observation deck and lounge. Our group enjoyed a nice bottle of Champagne while taking in the best possible view in Dallas. This would also be a choice location for a special date or celebration.I would highly recommend the Dallas Hyatt Regency for a romantic stay for two, a convention or a business stay. I'm sure you will be happy with your experience!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TIKVAHALPERT
<Content>Super Rip Off!!! Thieves!!! Altough the Quality of the Hotel was nice, our family was extremely ripped off. My Brother spent over $10,000 at this hotel, to celebrate his 25th Wedding anniversary. Our Family flew in from all over the U.S. to share this event. The hotel stole from us in several ways:1) Charged us $150.00 per regular room, when the current rate was posted at $99.00 per room. They refused to adjust the rates.2) Charged us for 17 rooms (we contracted for 15) and we ONLY USED 15 rooms! They refused to correct this (we had proof of the rooms used)3) After spending over $6,000.00 on a banquet, the servers took away the food before all of the guests had a chance to eat. They removed over 40% of the food, that we paid for. When I confronted the manager (who was not present at the Banquet)she was misinformed by her staff, about the time that the food was removed, and then said We can't leave food out, for health reasons I never heard of anyone getting ill form eating food that has sitting in a buffet for one hour!!4) We prepaid $1,200 for all of the server's gratuities, including $250.00 to the bartender, but the bartender would ignore you if you didn't flash money in his face.5) Upon check out, I noticed that they added $10.00 to my bill. I asked them what it was for, and they said it was to pay for 2 bottles of water that were in my room. I told them I never drank the water, and they can look to make sure the water is still there. I was told sometimes housekeeping makes mistakes. I spoke to other guests, and they too were charged for water that they never drank.Over all, I would have to say that the GREED of this hotel management caused the employees to cross the line several times, which resulted in very significant theft. The reason they get away with it, is because no one confronts it and tries to correct it. We will never stay at another Hyatt again!Sad to report......... Buyer Beware!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	5	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>lnktvlr
<Content>Nice rooms-great service The rooms are quite nice. The bed was very comfortable. We didn't like our first room (you couldn't see the television), so they gave us one where you could comfortably see it. It was across from the train station, but the noise bothered me not. The employees were nice and helpful in every way.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>njrunr3
<Content>Awesome hotel       Hotel  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DallasTricia
<Content>Wonderful Surprise My excellent husband booked a night's stay here as a surprise for my birthday a few months ago. He got a room for a pretty good deal, $100 on priceline, but was concerned afterward when he read some unfavorable reviews. I had promised I would definitely give our review once we completed our stay because it what the absolute best experience. Our room was huge! It was beautifully updated and furnished with a gigantic picture window facing Union Station and Dealey Plaza. The service was tremendous. The front desk clerk my husband spoke with when we checked in even had a silver platter, birthday card signed by all the front desk staff, and a bottle of sparkling wine (though we don't drink, it was a nice gesture) waiting for us when we returned from our delicious dinner at Trulucks. I'm a real fan of Westin's Heavenly bed, but the one in our room gave the HB a run for the money. It was a super comfortable king and in it we slept like babies! Great stay here. Side note: A friend was in town in Sept. and we visited his family in one of the suites. It was a two-floor suite and very, very nice. Can't remember the name of it though. Overall, I've got nothing but good to say about this Hyatt. Highly recommend it. PS-I would have loved to post pics but with all the excitement I forgot our camera!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cov Traveler
<Content>Not bad at all! Was here for a couple of days in October for a 2-day seminar. Upon arrival, I could see why one would consider this hotel world class. The lobby is huge. I requested a higher-floor room and got one on the 15th floor. Note: beware, the lower your room, the more likely you are to hear the trains running below throughout the night. Didn't really bother me that much, but it didn't sit well with other attendees who were probably lite sleepers. My room had an excellent view of downtown Dallas. The room was slightly larger than average and very comfortable, with the right amenties for the business traveler. A couple of in-house restaurants came in handy if you didn't feel like traveling out. However, if you want to avoid the higher prices, a 10-minute walk to the WestEnd district provided many and varied culinary choices, including fast food and well-known national restaurant chains, at affordable prices. For late night excursions, there were a couple of snack shops open til 11:00 p.m., again with reasonable prices. The hotel is connected, via tunnel, to a major local rail transit and bus station, which was convenient. All in all, not a bad hotel!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	5	

<Author>iceiscold
<Content>Not as great as I had hoped The view was terrible. I'm sure the hotel has some nice views, but definately inquire further as to what you will actually be looking at. I was given the choice between a Park-side view and a  City-side view. I chose City side and was greeted by a view of two highways when I pulled back the room's curtains. Because of its location, you are forced to valet park your car with the hotel and that cose me a $20! That was outrageous. It just left me feeling like I was scammed. The bedroom's furnishings were dated and dumpy. The TV was small and housed in a cabinet that positioned the TV too close to ground. The bed was comfortable but the pillows were small and didin't offer much support. One pillow wasn't enough and two seemed too much.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	3	3	2	

<Author>cruella1114
<Content>Loved This Hotel We stayed at the Hyatt for a convention for 5 nights...the hotel was wonderful....no complaints at all. I was a little worried after reading some of the reviews but I did not encounter any of the problems others had..valet service was almost immediate..we upgraded our room to the Regency Club level, it was well worth the 35.00 per night..we got continental breakfast each morning, afternoon snacks, tea , coffee,and soda are available all day until 10pm each night. Turn down service at night with chocolates was a nice touch. Never heard any trains at night, our room was on 17th floor with a beautiful view. As for the Antares restaurant..the view was magnificent but the food was just okay,over all the restaurant was worth the extra money for one night, the centennial cafe was great ...alittle pricey for breakfast..continental breakfast was 13.00...making the regency club well worth the extra money. A great stay ..staff makes you feel very important...always checking on your stay and that you are happy ...always call you by name.We will definitely stay again.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ajaxjoe
<Content>Sharp Hotel Room was excellent along with service and whole experience. They had a very nice gym and excellent location. Would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>wdharrington
<Content>Hyatt is Outstanding My business partner and I stayed at this hotel in May and it was terrific! This is a beautiful hotel in downtown Dallas. It is close to all the tourists sites in downtown: grassy knoll, book depository, etc. The rooms are outstanding. They're clean, big and have nice bathrooms to boot. My only complaint is the valet parking is WAY too expensive.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>cyenti
<Content>Great front desk! OK location Pros:* Excellent and accomodating front desk. I asked for a city view (jokingly) and they gave me that AND the top floor!* Beautiful hotel -- well kept, the elevator ride was always fun, and the atrium is reminiscent of a NY megahotel.* Bartender was awesome* Comfy bedCons* TV was hard to see because it was in a cabinet that was facing away from the bed.* Breakfast was ok with room service* Not close to any non-hotel restaurants -- must walk under the light rail and then several blocks to the West End. Would be ok if downtown dallas were a busy night town but it's really dead at night and felt unsafe. Once on hotel property, they had enough visible security to feel safe.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AUTUMNSUN
<Content>Have stayed here many times and love it!!!       granite sink in bathroom  
<Date>Sep 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>garret73505
<Content>Peril at the Hyatt..... I stayed at the Hyatt Regency with my boyfriend. It was our anniversary! Over the phone, I asked if I could receive a military rate... I was assured that the rate is $95.00 a night. After conversating with the concierge about the military he noted on my account of a complimentary upgrade. I booked 2 nights there. After I booked with the hotel, I looked at travelocity.com and other travel sites and found a rate for $89.00. That is 12 dollars plus 15% tax less..... not quite a military discount. When I arrived, Valet was wonderful (despite the $18.00 per day fee, in/out priviledges which was nice). Check in was a breeze, I arrived at 11, check in is not until 3, but they happily gave me a room. NO upgrade though... I did not make a big deal out of it. I ordered room service from the Centennial Cafe... arrived 45 min later... waiter was wonderful, food was disgusting. Room was amazing in my view.... a little warm... with 74 being the lowest it can go. TV placed in a horrible position.... below the level of the bed... makes no sense. Despite black grout inbetween the tiles in the shower... bathroom was wonderful, and gorgeous with the french doors and clouded windows. There was an ANIME convention.... if you do not know what Anime is... google it..... hundreds of people dressed up in costumes, smelled horrible, and were very outspoken in the elevators and everywhere in the hotel. The convention RUINED the elegance of the hotel.... it was like staying at a cheap motel!!!!! Elevators took approximately 20 minutes to get to you once you pressed the button. The second day, my card did not work into the room. I refused to take the elevators and wait forever. So I called security from my cell phone.. it wouldve been faster to take the eleavtors.... 30 minutes passed NO ONE came.. I called again and finally someone showed up! CHECKOUT..... charges for the cafe that I had no idea about... they did remove it after some argument. Total for 2 days, with valet parking, a movie, and taxes $312.00..... After constructively complaining to the manager... I was given an apology and that was it. Staff was horrible, Valet took FOREVER at times.... Not a great place to stay. The Reunion Tower is a must visit though!~  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	5	1	4	

<Author>SunnyRustle
<Content>Good for a convention, but... We thought we were going to have a relaxing and romantic weekend at the Hyatt Regency Dallas. However, when we arrived, we learned that there was an anime convention happening at the hotel. It was EXTREMELY loud and busy. Plus, the valet parking was overwhelmed with the traffic, and the hotel doesn鈥檛 allow self-parking. We finally dropped off the car, dodged the Yu-gi-oh and Sailor Moon look-alikes, and headed for our room. We found it to be modern and relatively clean. The bed was comfortable, but there wasn鈥檛 a fitted sheet, so we wrapped ourselves up like mummies while we slept. The rooms are not particularly quiet, but the outstanding service, in-room dining, and pay-per-view movies allowed us to have a romantic evening in. There is a decent work-out room, but the hotel lacks a spa 鈥?massages would have made the 3 AM pirate songs emanating from the lobby much more tolerable. Recommended for a convention, but not for a weekend retreat.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>slicmj
<Content>Really comfortable bed We spent the weekend at the Hyatt in downtown Dallas. We just needed a little getaway, so I went to priceline and bid $50 for a 4 star hotel. I was pleasantly surprised to get the beautiful Hyatt for such a great price. It was our anniversary weekend! The hotel was very busy, but check-in was a breeze - the valet parked our car and the bellhop had our bags up to the room, all within 10 minutes of arrival. We were on the 15th floor, facing downtown. You could hear the trains coming through Union Station, but it wasn't that bad. We ordered room service twice, both times it came on rollaway tables and within half an hour of ordering. The service was superb. The room was kind of small but immaculate. The bed and pillows were extremely comfortable. It was hard watching tv because of the way the furniture is placed - and the room never seemed to cool off, I woke up several times because it was hot - I like it around 70 degrees and I don't think it got below 75 - so, for most people I am sure that would be okay. The view of downtown at night is really beautiful and we had a great anniversary weekend. One more thing, their bathroom products are extremely nice and so was the bathroom itself.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Marge246
<Content>All renewable power and excellent service, too We stayed at the Hyatt Regency Dallas for nearly a week as part of a conference. The property is HUGE and well-maintained and renovated.Positives:-great coffee shop in lobby area so you're never without that latte-many dining options, including a very pleasant open restaurant that's great for breakfast or lunch (although the service was so attentive it was sometimes difficult to finish a sentence)-the big observation tower bar is a great place to get together with spectacular views-the bellman (I think his name was Steve) has been there for 24 years and loved the place and knew everything-nicely decorated rooms-you can request a mini fridge - empty-room service and housekeeping service was lickety-split-HVAC system maintained indoor comfort - which is more than I can say for most hotel rooms that are either too hot or too cold!-the hotel purchases ALL of its energy from renewable sources. Yay!Negatives:-closet was miniscule, which was a struggle for two women with a full set of conference, shopping and casual wardrobe for a week-the bathroom was designed, which always leads to something that looks great but is non-functional - in this case it was hooks for the towels instead of racks so that they could completely dry. Sigh. I would be delighted if the trend to use hip designers to do things would go away and we could get hotels back to focusing on function.-Like many large Hyatt Regencies, the room was a little on the small side - you can only really watch TV from bed, and the work space is only one table (Mariott does a much better job with work space), but these were minor issues and overall things worked pretty well.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	5	3	

<Author>Gurnip
<Content>Okay - but not great Stayed here for two nights 2nd  3rd July, using redemption points through Hyatt Gold Passport.Room was okay - odd set up though the TV is below the level of the bed - so not easy to watch.Ate once in the restaurant in the Atrium - food was uninspiring, and much of it was left.Pool is quite small but as the deck was not crowded was okay.The Reunion Tower attached to the hotel gives a good view of the Dallas skyline - had a drink in the revolving 'cocktail lounge' but the decor is a bit sad - looked more like a cafe than a bar - come on Hyatt you used to be much better than this!No real gripes, but the hotel delivers no 'wow factor'.Check-in staff were friendly, and the hotel is only a 5 minute walk from Dealy Plaza/Elm St/The book depositary from a tourists perspective, and a ten minute walk from the bars and restaurants of the west end.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>horrible soundproofing I am staying at this hotel right now. Whatever you do, do NOT accept a room on the city side of the hotel. Freight trains go by all night, blowing their whistles. Also, there is no soundproofing between adjoining rooms. At midnight, I was still able to hear clearly the conversation of the couple in the room next to mine - it sounded as if they were standing next to my bed.When I checked in, the room had only been half cleaned. There were dirty glasses, half-full coffee cups, etc. still in the room.The staff has been responsive, but I would not choose this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hvtrust
<Content>Nice stay for a get-a-way My husband suprised me with a trip out of town for a concert. We stayed at the Hyatt in Dallas. It was within walking distance to West End. The room was nice, clean, and comfortable. There is a mini-refrigerator, coffee maker, and blowdryer available in the room. The parking required an additional fee. In addition, if you wanted to use the wireless internet, that was additional $10 per day. It did have its drawbacks, however, we enjoyed the Regency Club. The snacks and breakfast were good! Additionally, the staff were friendly and helpful. The pool was outside on top of a rooftop area and not so luxurious (like what I am used to from other Hyatt hotels). The hotel is designed to host conferences so it is spacious. If you are looking for a resort feel, this may seem too business-like. This hotel is not recommended for travelers on a small budget because it can become pricey.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>4	1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bbcreg
<Content>Part of history The Hyatt is conveniently located right next to Union Station giving easy access to all of Dallas and more with Amtrack. It is blocks from the spot where Kennedy was shot. The hotel is a small historical museum with the history of the development of Dallas.Clean and well maintained with friendly staff. Within walking distance of tons of great local restaurants.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK stay, poor follow up on a problem I found my room to be clean, comfortable, and fairly quiet. The tiny tv left something to be desired. I stayed for five days and only ate in the cafe. The morning I checked out I had to ask for a detailed bill at the front desk. There was a charge for a restaurant that was not mine, to the tune of $327! I was assured by the front desk that it would be taken off, once they verified the reciept. I called later that day (long distance) and nothing had been done with the bill. I was told to call back the next day if I didn't hear from someone in the morning. By 4pm...no call, so I had to make another long distance call just to find that still...nothing had been done. The person I spoke to was quite snippy, and said she'd get to it when I have some time. When I asked for an approximate idea of how long it might be until I got this resolved she literally shrieked at me, I don't know! I have thousands of receipts to go through! I'm not stupid, there are computers in today's world and somehow there must be a better system than manually looking at every single receipt generated on a given day. She said she'd get to it when she could and hung up the phone. It was only after yet another long distance call to the hotel manager that I was finally assured that they had found it was not my charge and were taking it off my credit card bill. I won't stay here again. It's the level of service that a hotel gives when a customer has a problem that separates them from the rest...the Hyatt fell flat on this one.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Buckstrekkers
<Content>Clear evidence that cleaning rooms not a priority Recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency Dallas. Was assigned a non-smoking room and I admit that the hotel could not be held accountable for previous occupants having flouted conditions and smoked in the room, however, I would expect that a hotel should clean a room before the next occupant and there was clearly evidence that this was not the case on this occasion.One day into my 3 day stay, I dropped a pen to the floor and it rolled under the bed. On bending down to retrieve it, I found that there was a cigarette lighter under the bed. Obviously, cleaning under the beds is not a priority at the Hyatt. (I shuddered to think what other things could be found under beds - especially with the Deca rabble in town!).I reported this finding to the Front Desk, confirming that I was not the smoker or owner of the lighter and indicated that this wasn't to be expected in such a hotel and asked for the cleaners to remove it.Returned to the room later in the day, bent down and lo and behold, the lighter was still there. Went down to the Front Desk to complain again and asked to see a Duty Manager. One of the Front Desk personnel claimed to be but looked non-plussed, mumbled an apology (I think) and claimed that they would get the lighter removed.Obviously there is no communication between Front Desk/Management and the cleaning staff because by the time I checked out, the lighter still remained under the bed. Absolutely disgusting.I left a number of notes hidden around the room so that if the next occupant was to find the same lighter, they would at least have some history on how long the item had been under there and the current occupant could be sure that their room isn't being cleaned.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>2	3	-1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>djrobsd
<Content>This place needs a bulldozer Let me start by saying that I had high expectations when staying at a 4 star hotel, especially one like the Hyatt, where their quality is exceptional in most cases. Unfortunately, this hotel did not meet my expectations. Fortunately, I got a great deal ($89) on Priceline, so I didn't get ripped off, otherwise I would have demanded a refund and stayed elsewhere.When I first arrived at the hotel in my cab, the staff completely ignored me. They were moderately busy, but I still saw a couple of bell guys or valet guys standing around, so they could have came over and assisted. I ended up carrying my own bags over to one of the bell carts, and wheeling it into the hotel myself! Bad way to start off the stay.I used the self check-in, which was a mistake, because you can't ask for a different room if you don't like the one it assigns you. So, when I got in my room, which was on the 3rd floor, I called down to the front desk, asking for a higher floor. They asked me to come back down, so I had to cart all my luggage back down (thank goodness I still had the cart), and then when I got to the desk, it was so big, I didn't get the person I talked to on the phone, so then they had to go find the person I talked to and ask them. They moved me to the 22nd floor in the Atrium Tower, where the view was MUCH nicer. And, finally, this time around, the bell person saw me pushing the cart myself, and offered to take my luggage up to my room.The re-assigned room they gave me had a beautiful view of downtown Dallas. The room appeared to be clean on the surface, but further inspection found that there were a lot of rough edges. For example, the heating/AC vents were caked in about 10 years worth of dust, which is really bad if you are an allergy sufferer. The furniture and decor in the room were of a southwest nature, I felt like I was in Albuquerque, NM! Unfortunately, everything in the room is dated, and obviously needs to be remodeled, especially the wallpaper, and the fabulous popcorn ceiling!The bathroom was adequate size, and appeared to be recently updated with granite counter, new tile in the shower, etc. I liked the double doors with the frosted glass windows on them to enter the bathroom, about the only nice touch in the decor that I appreciated. Unfortunately, the next morning when I took a shower, there was ZERO water pressure in the shower. It had a messaging shower head, but there wasn't enough pressure. So, I called down to the front desk, asked them to have maintenance come and remove the pressure regulator valve, and when I came back that evening, they had done so. The water pressure was then too high, but it was MUCH better then having no water pressure in the shower. Amenities in the room? Standard hotel fare, ironing board, coffee maker, hair dryer, soaps  shampoos, etc. NO MINI BAR or fridge in the room, so I had to use the bathroom sink as my ice chest to keep my sodas and beers cold. The ice holder they give you does not come with a plastic bag, and mine was dirty, so I had to clean it out before putting ice in it! The towels feel like sandpaper, so bring your own if you don't like that effect after taking a nice relaxing shower or bath. The internet access costs $5.55 a day with tax, and it's wireless, but it totally sucks. I got faster speeds using the wireless card through my cell phone company while in the room.The bed was fairly comfortable. It appeared to be a pillowtop mattress. There were plenty of fluffy pillows on the bed, and the comforter may have been a down comforter. Thank goodness they at least have the sleep part of the room down, after all, that's why we need a hotel room!The TV was an absolute joke. Standard 27 inch black hotel TV with keyboard  remote, internet access, PPV movies, etc... Highly overpriced, so I didn't order anything. I guess they didn't want to block the view, so they put the TV on the LEFT wall, and it's facing...The desk, not the bed. So if you want to watch TV in bed, you really won't be able to! The fitness center was alright... Had a very dated and worn look to it, but they had replaced some of the equipment with newer LifeFitness elliptical machines and treadmills, some of which even had your own personal tv built into the machine. There didn't appear to be much in the way of free weights, but that's pretty standard for most hotels to not have a REAL fitness center. Water was NOT complimentry, they had a vending machine so you had to pay for drinking water.I did not use any of the restaurants, but I did go to the revolving 50 story lounge, which is the main attraction of this hotel, so you would think they would want to make a good impression right? Wrong! It's an absolute dump!!! The decor is completely dated, the lights are too bright, so at night, instead of seeing the georgeous view of the entire city, all you see is a reflection of yourself sipping a cocktail! The windows are even scratched and dirty. The music sucks too, they were playing the same song over and over and over, i counted 8 times, and I finally asked them to change the music, so then they put on another CD and it kept skipping, so they shut the whole thing off. Oh, and it closes at 10:30! What kind of bar closes that early!?! So can you get a good drink at this bar? No! They charge $8 bucks for a martini, but it's mostly sugar, and very little alcohol.The nail in the coffin for my rating on this hotel was the pool. You would expect a hotel this size (2 towers, and 30+ stories) would have a large pool, and a really nice relaxing cabana area for you to enjoy your vacation! Not this place. The pool and sundeck are an absolute dump. The size of the pool is about the same as the large hot tub they had when I stayed at Raddison in Phoenix... I kid you not, I think you could fit about 5 people in there. Everything is so worn and dated, and it's not inviting at all, so I spent zero time there, and was highly disapointed. Parking is $18 dollars a day for valet, and you can call down for your car during non peak hours, it usually takes about 5-10 minutes, so that was convenient, and it included in and out priveledges. Be aware, the hotel must have bought off the city of Dallas, because there is plenty of on street parking, but it is ENTIRELY LABELED AS NO PARKING - TOW AWAY ZONE, so you can't park on the street unless you want to get towed. There is a self park lot for $10 bucks a day, but it does not include in and out priveledges, and you have to hike up a little hill to get back to the hotel. There is a train station adjacent to the hotel property with a tunnel that takes you there. The tunnel is kind of cool, it has a lot of history about Dallas with interactive talking displays. The train can get you to the hot spots downtown such as the west end, it's just the next stop right next to the hotel, and also to the airport if you take the commuter train, so you might not even need a car. Do not try to walk anywhere from this hotel, the neighborhood is very shady, and you have to walk through a tunnel to get to downtown, which might be kinda dangerous at night.Overall, I would never stay at this hotel again. The Hyatt needs to revoke their franchise on this place, and this place needs to be bulldozed and rebuilt... Or, I guess they might be able to save this beautiful landmark if they just remodeled the entire thing. It's far from being a 4 star hotel as priceline rates it!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TeamBell
<Content>Great Stay for the Money! Okay-- the Hyatt is huge and very Hyatt-ish, but that can be good. We told reception at check in it was our anniversary and they immediately offered us an outstanding upgrade--even though we initially booked thru hotwire for $89! Our suite was very nicely appointed-two showers which was great for getting ready in the AM. I found our concierge to be extremely helpful booking reservations etc. The spinning cocktail lounge was a riot--very Love Boat meets the Jetsons --all in all , super fun time in Dallas for very little dough!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very noisy! Characteristic of Hyatts, this hotel has is designed around a massive atrium. Every room in the hotel opens onto the atrium. This could be a lovely design feature, but turns out to be a nuisance because the hotel hasn't bothered to install seals around the room doors. As a result, the noise from the lobby bar, reverberating through the atrium, is quite audible inside the room.To add insult to injury, the hotel backs onto a busy train station, so if you're unfortunately enough to be situated on that side of the hotel, you'll also hear train whistles.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hustle at the Hyatt I promised my wife and self that I would sit down and do this hotel review. My wife was attending a seminar and I was planning to take care of some business in Dallas. My wife was excited that we could couple up and maybe get to share some one on one time for a change. Internet costs $40.00 per 72 hours. Parking is not in and out after 2 hours 10.00 charge this got old early. Overcharded for 2 cab rides same night. This part of DT dallas is not the cleanest or safest to travel by foot. Hotel beds and Pillows = Comfortable, Room temp could not get below 74 degrees. Hot as hell in the day. Lounge = $10 drinks watered down, Food= terrible. $18 for club sandwich and tea, bread over-toasted (fell apart in hand)Wife ordered soup - $18 as well and tasted bland., Felt like a prisoner. No fresh air in hotel. Checked out after the first full day second night. Toilet paper .12per foot(kidding), charges everywhere and for everything, tip this one, that one. Dang, I can carry my own luggage, walk to my own car, park my car, wipe my own butt, burn my own toast and screw up my own drinks thank you. Advised of checkout intent and left hotel at 9am. Charged me $75 additional for early checkout (guess I should have waited till noon). Total cost for 2 nights $443.00 w/ taxes and parking excluding $40 internet charge. Tips, taxi, room for 2 nights and 36 hours in hotel ran over $600. Moved to Hotel in Las Colinas (Irvin)- 3 Nights w/ tax $184 total, free internet. Took 15 minutes to drive to Hyatt Downtown leaving at 7:15am and 18 minutes in the afternoon to pick up wife at Hyatt. Had a blast in Las Colinas, saw Bill Parcells in small italian resturant off of Oconnor street, very professional area, very clean area, safe Hotel stay, free parking, downtown easy access, drinks are considerably cheaper ($2.50- $4.00) than downtown area which were all 10.00 each. The O Bar on Main Street is very cool. Nice looking, fun, young crowd (21-49). Drinks are 10 bucks each w/ no cover. Expensive but well worth the trip. No Hyatt No Way! Over rated. Felt like I was living in an aquarium.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Gearoid9
<Content>Not good enough My wife and I stayed here over Christmas and were disappointed with the bland quality of the hotel. Though our room had a lovely and comfortable king-sized bed, it lacked adequate closet space (a couple of shelves and five hangers on an open rack), had a poorly positioned TV with just a few channels, and had no mini-bar (but had bottled water at $5 each!) Any Holiday Inn or other mid-range hotel could better this!Customer service at the Hyatt was also average. Counter staff couldn鈥檛 manage a smile or friendly greeting either at check-in or departure, and a bartender took ten minutes to bring us our check, even though we were two of just four people at the bar 鈥?he even found time to serve and check a new customer before finally tending to us. Even though restaurant waiters and porters were friendly, there was a discernible lack of customer focus鈥et, of course, staff expected to be tipped as if it was their divine right.The other highly annoying aspect of the Hyatt is the lack of parking. Options are valet parking at $18 per night or a nearby lot that costs a whopping $8 each time you leave! How can a hotel with 1,200 rooms have no reasonable parking facilities, especially in a city like Dallas where a car is essential? With so many decent mid- and upper-range hotels to choose from in Dallas, it surprised me that the Hyatt has done nothing to attract visitors. Perhaps it relies on business and convention customers; but my wife and I won鈥檛 be going there again.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Helpless at the Hyatt Staying at the Hyatt was impersonable and problematic. Day one the AC wouldn't go below 74, the phone didn't work and sink was clogged. Called and fixed all, but later found AC only turned down 2 degrees. Finally found staff was internally controlling min limit on AC! After 3 tries finally got it to get to 70. Bar staff was rude. Room so so. All in all look elsewhere first.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>bigbluefan
<Content>comfortable We just returned from a business trip to the hyatt this past weekend.Our room was very comfortable and very spacious.The food in the italian restaurant was very good as we went with the nightly special. The food at the revolving restaurant was excellent as was the service,although it was a little on the expensive side.The views are spectacular.The only thing that the hotel could improve on was seating in the main lobby--there is a couple of chairs and a couch and alot of empty space.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Moyses
<Content>Hyatt 5 Star Hotel But Bad Food I stayed at the Hyatt for the Petroleum Congress held on Oct 9-12. Friendly reception desk, good room, beautifull hotel.I ate at the Centennial Restaurant and food was very bad. There is an italien restaurant which is equally bad. You may eat on the top with a 360 view of all Dallas but food is only regular. We pay US$10 for internet use. In my opinion should be included in the room rate, Speed of the internet is not adequate for a business traveller. Health Club is excellent with all latest technology equipments. Hyatt is close to the excellent Sixth Floor Museum where you can see how president Kennedy was killed. I recommend you to go to the Abacus restaurant, best in Dallas, excellent and creative menu, 10 minutes by taxi from the hotel,$60 to $90 per person, not counting the cost of the wine.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed my stay I was at this hotel for a week-long conference. The service was wonderful, the room was comfortable. I did have an issue with a cleaning person picking up a wash cloth I'd used to mop up a spill in the room; it was in the bathroom when I returned to the room, and my toothbrush had been placed on top of it. I know it was the same cloth because it was still wet and stained from the spill. Other than that, the rooms were clean and I didn't have any problems with the internet service, which was nice. It was also nice to have snacks and lunch (at a small cost) provided during breaks between seminars. The best thing was the easy walk to the West End, where I ate fabulous food and enjoyed the historical landmarks. There was, indeed, a JFK memorial, not to mention a wonderful museum in the 6th and 7th floors of the old school book depository. Yes, the place is called Dealy Plaza, but it was called that before JFK took a drive down Elm Street. The place looks just like it did when JFK was there, according to the pictures, right down to the wooden fence. I enjoyed being in such a historical place and I enjoyed my stay at the Hyatt.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JCWhitney
<Content>Always PERFECT! We visit this hotel at least every other month for a get away to the city. And it is always warm and comfortable... We are ALWAYS able to price line a room for $50 a night! The staff is friendly and we get no second class treatment for using an online service to book with. -Why pay $100 plus for the room if you can get such a GREAT VALUE using an outside service??? The rooms are always spotless and the beds are like a cloud. Antares is a fun place to dine and the food and service are impeccable. We took our daughter and 5 of her friends there for her 13th birthday party and had the best time! Yes, the parking is a little on the expensive side, and I found the Starbuck's located in the lobby to be a little high also. But, what can you expect when staying at a hotel of this caliber????  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>average stay Good : Close to downtown with free shuttle service. Close to DART train. Awesome atrium, Awesome view from Reunion Tower; Dome lounge even gave us a free gift (for drinking too much, I guess)Very comfortable beds.Staff were friendly  helpful.BAD: NOISE: the rooms facing downtown (with the better view) was noisy- with the train station right beneath us. kept waking us upseveral times in the middle of the night. they did change us to a higher room the next day, but noise still there, though less.Small POOL: the most miserable I have ever seen in a hotel of this class!!Poor ventilation, couldn't open windows.EXPENSIVE prices both room service  at restaurant, added a 'delivery' charge to room service in addition to the hefty tax! $4 for bottle water! give me a break!Internet useres: pay $10/day!!! Parking $18/day!! suggest one of the nearby lots @ $2-8 and walk!Closese place to eat/shop/party West end/DeepEllum.Downtown Dallas is 'dead' in weekend  evenings (a shock for us from NY city!)  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>exiledmackem
<Content>Try the Reunion Tower An over large hotel. Room access seems to have been styled on a motel. Not impressed with the rooms. The lobby area is impressive and the barman makes a mean margarita. The Reunion Tower Restaurant, just a lift ride away was the perfect place to eat. The food and service was more than good and the night views (rotating) over Dallas were second to none.The hotel was a short walk away from the book Dealey Plaza and the West end.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Misery at the Hyatt Regency Reunion Tower Dear fellow travelers:I just booked and stayed at a room at the Hyatt in downtown Dallas (NOT the airport Hyatt). This hotel advertises itself as a 4 star hotel catering to business and leisure travelers. While I was there the wireless internet service, in room (for which one pays an added fee) or in common areas, never worked properly. Not only were computer communications disrupted, PDAs were also, including the Palm Treo 650 and Blackberries. The hotel staff were unsympathetic and could not assist because, as I was told, the Hyatt outsources all its computer services to services and the network had been acting up. For a business traveler such as myself this made the hotel virtually useless. I know Dallas and for leisure purposes I know that the Hyatt Reunion Tower is not especially conveniently located - it is, for example, not within walking distance of Dallas' small, but budding downtown nightlife scene nor the arts district, nor uptown. But I was willing to sacrifice some convenience on the leisure side because I trusted Hyatt's advertising claim that they are particularly attentive to the needs of business travelers.The basics were fine, if basic. The room was clean, water pressure good. The room service menu is very limited, again a problem if one is traveling on business and working late.I left a day early and moved on to a much better spot, both for pleasure and business.HG Baer  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good business hotel The hotel is what you expect of Hyatts. There is a high standard of service, amenities, design, cleanliness etc. Very friendly waitstaff for breakfast. It's not the place to go to be awed, but it's a great staple. It's on the outskirts of the downtown, so it's a fair walk to places if you don't want to drive. The rooms are very nice and spacious with loads of feather pillows on really high beds.The only disappointment was the revolving bar in the spherical tower. On a Saturday night it's very cheesy, but I should have expected that. My drink was undrinkably sweet and the music was old disco hits.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TravellinNortherner
<Content>Not clean, did not enjoy I stayed here at a conference and (without telling me) the hotel put me in the handicapped room. It was adjacent the elevator shaft and it sounded like large trucks were driving next to the bed all night. I got no sleep. I had to clean the bathroom myself because it was so dirty, with lots of hair in the tub and sink. The handicapped room was very inconvenient, as there were no counters in the bathroom and no other accessible mirrors at which to groom one's self (the other was blocked by a large table). Even when they moved me to another room at my request, the bathroom cleaning was very poor for another 3 days (someone else's hair kept appearing in the tub).  
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>pikapptcu
<Content>Nice to Stay in Town I live in Dallas and don't get to stay at hotels in the area too often. I stayed at the Hyatt Regency July 30-31 for a convention. Be warned this is a very busy hotel if there are conventions or meetings in town. Mary Kay uses this as one of their hotels for the month long convention. Parking can be a hassle, especially valet. I went out to play a round of golf Sunday morning and came back around noon only to wait 45 minutes to have my car parked. This is basically the only negative for the hotel. I was upgraded to an executive room at check-in. The room was plenty big and overlooked downtown. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. Be sure to check out Reunion Tower for the view.........not the food. Seemed a little dirty and run down since the last time I went up in 1996. Just go up to grab a drink and look out at the city as you spin around the deck. Hotel is right across from the DART station so jump on and check out the West End or uptown area. Thumbs up for the Hyatt Regency.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Hank007
<Content>Hotel was ok, but the City of Dallas itself is Boring. Stayed at the Hyatt for a week long conference. The lobby was clean and inviting. The front desk staff were very friendly. My room was average size with an average decor. My first problem started when I noticed a wet spot above the abode. It appears the bathroom above mine had a huge leak. The front desk immediately moved me to another room. I had a $50.00 per diem that didn't last me. If you are a three meal a day person like I am, plan on shopping at a market and bringing it back with you to your room. The hotel restaurants were very expensive as well as the close by restaurants. Downtown Dallas was a huge disappointment. Downtown is just a place where people work, but definitely don't play in. At night the city is a ghost town. If you weren't planning on renting a car, you better. The trains are some of the slowest I've ever been on. One major complaint I had with the city of Dallas was the area where JFK was assasinated. Walking by the area (Deeley Park/Square?) you would have never thought that a United States President was shot and killed there. The grassy nole?...wasn't green at all. There isn't any type of memorial set up or even a nice plaque. All I saw were red (X's) on the street. ??I would never ever go back to that city. And I'm a Cowboy fan. Oh yeah, the Texas Stadium tour was the only highlight of my trip. Pretty pathetic right. Good Luck.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad Stay Just spent five nights at this hotel. Many problems. This is a hotel that hosts about 2000 per night and has a swimming pool that holds about 10 average people. Had to wait until 6 pm to check in. Wait staff at the restaurant was deceptive of prices. House Keeping was slow and left piles of dirty linens in the hall way all night on two of the nights.Front desk staff was nice but could do nothing about these problems. If offered a free stay at this Hyatt would not take it.Worst stay I have had in over four years. I now remember why I do not stay at Hyatt.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>1	3	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>ct782
<Content>hyatt regency, reunion , dallas I have stayed at other hyatt's and was less than impressed with this one. From the the time we arrived and wanted to check in, we were told we have to pay to park if we were longer than 15 minutes. to the cleaning of our room which did not leave new shampoo or give coffer or cup replacements. People at the front desk were nice and very helpful. Okay place to stay, but below other Hyatts.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome hotel! Stay here at Hyatt!! This hotel is awesome in every way. The rooms are excellant and the beds are the best I've slept on. This is probably the nicest Hyatts I've stayed at. Beautiful in every way. I would get a room on one of the top floors with a city view. You will be impressed!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay at the Hyatt I am very particular about hotel rooms, especially about cleanliness. Our room in the Atrium wing was virtually spotless. Carpet clean/no stains visable. Bathroom spotless/no mold whatsoever. Coffee in room was nice but hotel water (I'm picky about water too) was not very tasty so the coffee did not taste good at all. The bed was comfortable and I loved the pillows! (there were 6 on the bed). The view of downtown was wonderful. We did not have an issue w/hearing doors closing in the hallway or hearing through the walls. We were on the 18th floor so the train was not an issue at all. The 6th Floor Museum is within walking distance as is not to be missed. Valet parking is $18.00/day. You can self park for about $8.00/day, BUT there are no in/out priveledges so not good if you want to come and go. We took a peek at the pool and got a good chuckle. It was postage stamp size/I've never seen a pool so small. Also, the outdoor jacuzzi was in repair so not working during our stay. The staff were all very helpful and pleasant.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ozam
<Content>Very Nice Hotel! Very few negatives I ended up staying at the Hyatt after a successful bid for a four star hotel on Priceline. I rarely use Priceline, but Dallas' downtown hotels were ridiculously expensive. So, notwithstanding the excellent nightly price, this hotel was suprisingly nice. The rooms reminded me of a boutique hotel rather than a large chain. Pros:-Great Rate throught Priceline-Large rooms-Very nice bathrooms (curved shower rods)-Great new beds-Luxurious linens-Walking distance to downtownCons:-Very thin walls. I actually had to move after the first night because of a crying baby. -Closing doors reverberate down the hall-A train below blows it horn frequently in the morning. A high room should help alleviate this problem or a nondowntown view!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>yukster1
<Content>Four Days at the Hyatt We stayed here for 4 days/3 nights in the middle of May. The hotel from the outside looks a lot larger than it seems from the inside and visually looks nice with the glass windows. Overall, the staff was friendly, especially the guest services section and the bar staff. We did have 1 instance where a security person got a little drunk with power when we tried to grab a drink from the hotel bar before it closed and asked us to immediately leave. Other than that, and one of the waitstaff in the restaurant trying to steer us to seat near the kitchen at breakfast instead of the waterfall so we could be in her section, it was fine. Connected to the hotel is the Reunion Tower, which overlooks the city. It's very high up and has a view of the entire city, however only reinforces the fact that there's not much to see there. There are 2 restaurant/bars on top of the tower for those who desire to drink with a view. The Dallas Morning News is provided complimentary each morning and obtaining extra amenities, such as cream, is never a problem. The workout facility is very good when it comes to cardio as there are numerous choices, plus 5 TV screens (they provide a headset), but the variety of the lifting machines are poor. The environment for working out is dull as there's no music in the background so you definitely have to motivate yourself. There's an outdoor pool, which is one of the smaller pools that I've ever seen. A jacuzzi is located about 50 yards of the pool. The hotel bar does have 2 pool tables, TV's, a jukebox and some type of bowling game, which is a welcome change from the traditional stuffy hotel bar.Regarding the city itself, there is not much to do during the day. The hotel is located about 10 minutes from the JFK Museum and where he was shot. You can easily walk to downtown Dallas, but there's really not much to see or do there. A better option for a day trip is to take a train to Fort Worth. At night, the west end has a lot of restaurants to choose from (Steak, Tex-Mex, BBQ) and bars with an outdoor view. The marketplace has shops perfect for those looking to buy cowboy hats to symbolize their trip. For those looking for other nightlife near by, both Deep Ellum and Lower Greenville have a strip of bars and clubs, however from what we were told, people have been shying away from Deep Ellum due to a shooting that took place in 2004. Both areas are about a 10 minute cab ride from the hotel. Gilley's Dallas is also about a mile from the hotel and offers a honky tonk atmosphere, but the DJ also plays hip-hop/dance music when the live band is through. Overall, I'm glad that we stayed at this hotel for the location to the city as opposed to staying in the market center hotels. Other than eating/drinking there's not a lot to do in Dallas, but for each their own.  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Abroad_alone
<Content>Good quality hotel in great location .... be careful what room you get! Got this hotel through Priceline for less than 拢50 a night. Rooms are large and comfortable (by european standards). Restaurant was reasonably priced for a hotel. The advantages and disadvantages of this hotel are its location. Very close to Convention Centre, West End District and JFK museum. Unfortunately its situated between Union Station on one side and a freeway on the other - the noise can be a problem if your not a heavy sleeper. I stayed here for 2 nights and was given a room which backed onto the elevator shaft - more noise. I asked to change rooms and this was done without question. Hotel is very popular for conventions and conferences and as such can appear very busy. All hotel staff were pleasant and polite but were more efficient than friendly.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>BC97
<Content>Convention Hotel I stayed in this hotel for a 3 day convention in mid April '05. The location of the Hyatt in the West End of downtown Dallas is terrific. It's not really within walking distance of anything, but a short shuttle or cab ride is easy enough.The hotel lobby is nice. There are plenty of restaurants and an underground walkway to Reunion Station. There's a ton of meeting space. If you're staying here on vacation, keep in mind that it's likely to be crowded with conventioners.Rooms are average. Stayed in the Skyline section of the hotel overlooking the train station. Let me start by saying that it took a day or two to get used to the trains blowing their horns all night as they passed by. I don't know if it would be any better on the other side of the hotel. Woke me up several times. The bed was nice. It sits up high and I had to almost climb into it. But the TV sits low in a cabinet and I couldn't see it over my feet. There's really nothing special about the rooms.The cost was $175/night for the cheapest room when I stayed. You're paying for the location. There's no breakfast, happy hour, etc. High speed internet access is another $10 per day. For what Hyatt considers to be a higher end hotel, it's too bad they nickle and dime you for these extras. There's a fee for parking, but I'm not sure how much it is since I took a shuttle from the airport and didn't get a rental. I know it's fairly expensive.The valets are terrific. There's a ton of them around and they do a good job of securing cabs. In fact, there are usually a dozen or so cabs lined up outside the hotel. The front desk staff was pleasant, but nothing special. Housekeeping was adequate.Overall, this is not a bad hotel, but nothing special except for the location and meeting space. I'd certainly stay there again if my company was paying for it for another convention. But I wouldn't vacation there.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This place was great!!! I was here for a convention in August 2004. This was an outstanding hotel. Very well kept, clean, comfortable bed, and spacious rooms. Next tim I'm in Dallas, I'll stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chris1005
<Content>Average hotel I was at the hotel during a big event. The staff didn't seem preparied for the rush. The rooms were nice and well equiped. The downside to the hotel is the location. Every destination requires a cabride.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ifaas
<Content>Great Views We got this hotel for a steal through priceline and loved it. We weren't sure what to expect because we had never stayed at a Hyatt before, but all of our expectations were surpassed. The beds were comfy, the bathrooms were clean, and the staff was kind. We were on the 18th floor and had a great view of the skyline at night. If we ever go back to Dallas, I will request to stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>courtcheck
<Content>Hyatt Easter Weekend Downtown Dallas   showReview(3307300, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the location   showReview(3304965, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice and clean building, bizarre staff behaviour   showReview(2799916, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hyatt Regency Dallas fine by me   showReview(2346090, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantasic Stay   showReview(2205869, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bigeasy41
<Content>Fantastic stay!   showReview(1731133, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>See the Entire Dallas Skyline   showReview(1535155, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SirLunchAlot
<Content>Not Bad   showReview(1505294, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location is great....   showReview(1384734, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2003
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>4th of July at Dallas Hyatt   showReview(1148070, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

