<Author>chocolate222
<Content>heaven we arrived to our hotel only to find tha it wasnt ready, but we were taken to the 2 bed room villa ( the origional location) which was tiny and smelt. but before we did that we were taken to the resteraunt for our welcome drinks. At around 2.30 we were taken to villa in the sencond lot (which was a 3bed) and it was heaven. we immediatly jumped into the pool which was loverly and spacious. we were then greated by the staff for some more drinks and a basket full of fresh fruit.We choose to have our breakfast made in the villa each morning which was always great tasting. I recomend taking tours with the hotel as they are personal and you can choose were bouse you want to go and for how long. also you do not share with anyone else.on christams eve we found little pressies on our table which we opened on chrissy day. Then on chrissy day santa came into our villa with ice-creams for us all (how odd i thought cause doesnt santa not appear again, but however it was nice though)Over all this is one stunning villa. you get treated with royalty- room service, tidy up for you, clean, make your bed, new towles twice a day, wash the dishes, its a great life.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	3	5	5	

<Author>str0be
<Content>Loved The Villas Our group of ten stayed at The Villas for a week. We had two villas, a 2 bedroom and a 3 bedroom and both were exceptional. My villa was huge and spotless. It had a massive garden and swimming pool. The villa was very open which made it feel comfortable even with all 10 of us in it at the same time. One night, we had a Balinese Barbeque cooked and served in the villa for all of us...really nice. Every morning, a chef would come in and cook breakfast for us...that's what I need here at home!I was pleasantly surprised with how close the villas were to the pictures on the website. Our kitchen was well stocked with everything you need for cooking (dishes, pots, pans, etc.) and the refrigerator comes fully stocked (they take inventory every day and bill you for what's used) but there is a nice supermarket called Bintang within walking distance. Housekeeping came in twice a day to change towels, make the beds, turn down beds, take out trash, etc. One thing you should know about Bali...there are geckos everywhere but don't worry...they're harmless and kind of cute!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>laurapoi
<Content>Horrible!       Tacky pool  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	1	3	

<Author>louiseHornchurch
<Content>Amazing Honeymoon       View of pool from the bedroom  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gladescpl
<Content>Miles of Smiles After more trips to Bali than I can count we decided to stay at The Villas Bali. The staff could not have been more warm, friendly and helpful with everyone from the security guards, reception staff and cooks to the cleaners and gardeners giving a beaming smile every time they saw us. You expect great service from a quality hotel but I really appreciated the extra little touches - like the cook who fixed my mobile phone after making breakfast in our villa. We stayed in a stunning 3 bedroom villa with our own pool and gorgeous open lounge room and kitchen. Each bedroom was quite separate with its own bathroom. We all had a great time choosing our breakfast each night from the impressive selection. We posted our choices in the 'door mail' and the next morning cooks would come to our villa and whip up a feast for us. The hotel is right in the middle of excellent shopping and just across the road from the fabulous Bali Deli. The girls had a spa treatment - massage and facial and came back glowing with dreamy expressions on their faces. We will definitely be staying here next time we come back to Bali, in fact I wish I could go back tomorrow!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pluckycanuck
<Content>Serene Luxury at The Villas Bali Absolutely loved this resort and cannot wait to stay there again! It was a magical getaway for my husband and I who were there to celebrate a milestone anniversary. We have stayed in a variety of hotels in Bali and this has definitely been the most luxurious.I would very much recommend this hotel to others like ourselves: those looking for private luxury in a traditional Balinese setting. The hotel is somewhat paradoxical: the emphasis is on privacy and quiet, yet it is situated a stone's throw from the (upscale) hustle and bustle of Seminyak's main thoroughfares and 15 minutes from the beach. There are 3 estates (The Villas Bali Original, The Villas Estate and The Villas Bali Sunset) situated amongst what is basically a suburb of Seminyak. Each seems to contain approximately 12 - 27 villas, ranging from one-roomers to 3 bedroom villas. All have their own pool (ranging in size according to price), kitchen and landscaped grounds with koi ponds and carved stone statues. The bathrooms are large and lovely: semi open-air (but still, utterly private) with full deep baths, stone and marble accents and bath products from The Villas' own spa.The bedrooms and living areas are furnished with dark teak furniture in Asian-Colonial style with lots of Balinese details throughout, e.g., statues of Hindu deities, stone carvings, woven Balinese ikat cloth bedding, carved headboard showing scenes of Balinese life. All bedrooms have flat screen TVs, the villa had wi-fi. Rooms are very spacious, bright and well-cooled; the decor is inspiring.The kitchen is fully equipped, which makes it very economical for long stays as well. We used only the fridge to stock up on drinks which are available at the supermarket (Bintang Supermarket) on the main street, Jalan Raya Seminyak. We do recommend trying the locally crafted liquors which are actually quite good and priced much more reasonably than the imported stuff. Also, Bintang beer which is excellent is priced at well under USD2 while a can of Heineken will set you back 6 dollars. The lounge, which is open air and faces the pool, is wonderfully breezy and many an evening was spent there enjoying a full (6 course) meal catered by the hotel kitchen, listening to CDs on the CD player (provided) and sipping some amazing cocktails (also whipped up by their staff). Contact the hotel at the time of booking to request a private BBQ: we thought the Balinese dinner was tremendous although they have Western style dinners too.Breakfast at the Prana restaurant was included and of quite good quality (a la carte, not buffet) - the fresh fruits, French toast and local orange juice were very nice. To get to the restaurant, one has to call the front desk for a little courtesy van which will drive you to estate #1 where the main office, restaurant, gift shop and spa are located. Once the shops open, at about 10 a.m., it is worth a walk instead as you can incorporate some people watching and shopping as well. I recommend the Spa very highly : very beautifully (if somewhat theatrically) decorated with highly trained and discreet staff and top quality imported products. On a side note, while there, I also tried a more moderately priced salon  spa as well as one of the streetside spas. I was quite impressed with the cleanliness and professionalism of the former: while not as sophisticated perhaps as the Villas' spa, it was in a more Balinese setting and very pretty but it didn't have the extra touches e.g., the complimentary brush and comb set, the private locker with a key on a lovely bracelet, the warm towels or the imported beauty products. The streetside spa? If you like looking at geckos skittering across the ceiling as you're lying there, or feeling slightly superfluous as your attendant is carrying on a loud conversation with her friends as she's pummeling you, then you'll be OK. If you prefer that your money go to the local economy, avoid the spas that look too trendy and have signage in Japanese: they are usually owned by foreign residents. If, however, you have no such preferences, they are very effiecient too if somewhat lacking in character...One of the most interesting experiences was our morning walk: the walk took us through the winding lanes of Seminyak and we drank in the sights of the Balinese households and small businesses that line the streets. Women putting out the offerings at the altars, young men and women going off to work often with their children in school uniforms, clinging tightly to their parents, as their motorcycles manouevered the narrow alleyways. Pampered Balinese dogs being let out of the front doors, stretching and yawning in the sun; toothless old ladies doing the laundry or sweeping the front stoop.This is a resort suitable for those who enjoy taking things slowly and especially for those who appreciate the traditional architecture of the island and who are looking for something a little quieter and more upscale than in other parts of Bali. For example, there are not as many dance places/ nightclubs in this area, the beach is never packed or noisy and you won't find the ubiquitous sarongs/ beach towels hanging for sale outside the resort. You will however, find some excellent restaurants in the area and some really high quality clothing boutiques. In my experience, it is worth asking when the proprietor will be in, as the sales people may not always have the authority to bargain with you.While we did not take our young son with us, I DID feel a little remorse while enjoying my solitude: the Balinese absolutely adore children and cater to their every whim and fancy. I could tell that, had we brought him, we would have had no problem ordering his favourite meals from the restaurant or having the staff play with him and indulge him, as I saw them do with the few other children at this hotel. The staff of the Villas is wonderful: quiet, efficient and respectful and they are delighted when they meet tourists who want to get to know their island and their culture. They are able to arrange full day or half day tours to anywhere on the island and are quite knowledgeable about when and where the dance theatreswill be held. They can also arrange diving and sailing tours on the northern shores of the island where the coral is phenomenal. They were good to let us know about the powerful riptides at the beach at Seminyak and to be careful - they weren't kidding. Note: move quickly to the shoreline when the lifeguard starts blowing madly on his whistle...The rooms were visited twice daily by staff, cleaned and restocked with flowers, soft drinks,water, fresh towels and toiletries. In the evening, the staff came in to let down the netting around the beds and to spray for mosquitoes. We found that lighting the mosquito coils provided (in the little terracotta frogs by the pillars) was enough to keep us absolutely bug free in the evenings. Do, however, take bug spray with you when going out to eat in open air restaurants or when visiting open air theatres. A very good open air restaurant is Warung Made about a 15 minute walk up the main drag. The staff will arrange for your transportation to the shops, restaurants in the area and to the beach for free on their shuttle buses. Pick up and drop off at the airport or to your next destination within Bali can be pre-arranged at the time of your hotel booking. This hotel also has a reflexology centre, yoga classes and a health clinic on site.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sammybear87
<Content>Beautiful and Peaceful       Pool at night  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>HappyWorldTraveller8
<Content>Wonderful Bali retreat! My girlfriends and I were visiting Bali and had heard that Seminyak was the best part of town. WOW! We stayed in a 2-bedroom villa at the Villas Bali and it was absolutely fantastic. The villa was HUGE, stylish, beautiful gardens, exceptional staff. The courtesy cars were fantastic and were happy to take us anywhere. Three chefs came in each morning to cook breakfast for us - perfect luxury and great food. I cannot recommend it highly enough. I travel 4-5 times a year Internationally and I can't remember having had such a wonderful experience. I'll be bringing my husband back next time.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nevel1
<Content>Fantastic Honeymoon at the Villas We're just back from our two week honeymoon to the Villas in Bali. It was really great. The Villas are very nice decorated, very clean and the swimming pool and garden are absolutely fabulous. Also the staff of the Villas are very helpfull and friendly. We would recommend the restaurant Manneken Pis, that is just at the corner of the main street. It's a Belgian restaurant and the food is really delicious there.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>buckybee
<Content>Perfect for a Private Getaway I have been relying on Tripadvisor reviews for a long time, but I have never written a review... until now. I feel that this hotel deserves recognition for the fantastic stay that we had. My husband and I stayed in a 1-bedroom villa for my 30th birthday. The villa was outstanding in every way. The first day that we arrived, we just hung out in the villa all day, swimming and listening to the music that the hotel provides in the CD player. They have wine and other drinks/food stocked, and they are surprisingly very reasonably priced. I am a big planner, but this trip was a surprise from my husband so we had no real set plans regarding places to eat and go. We relied solely on the hotel for recommendations, and they never lead us astray for romantic dinner locations or shopping areas in Bali. They promptly called cabs whenever we needed them, and if our cab didn't arrive w/in 5 minutes, the hotel drove us in their private car to our destination. The villa itself is gorgeous, and if total privacy is your goal...this is the place to stay. You can open up all the doors to the villa to really get the feel of the beautiful nature of Bali. Make sure to bring mosquito repellant though. The hotel also provides a mosquito repellant candle-like thing that I didn't see until we were on our way out. The breakfasts were great ~ just the right size. We tried a different one everyday. I am always leery of the water, so I didn't drink the coffee or juice until the last day. I was fine as it seems they use the big purified water jug provided in the villa to make these drinks. We also got services at the spa. My husband got a traditional relaxing massage and was very pleased. I wanted to be a little adventurous, so I opted for the hot and cold stones. Never again! The cold stones were freezing and would shock me out of submission and relaxation. One last note... we enjoyed the music that the Villa provided in the CD players so much that we were tempted to buy the CD from the hotel. They sell it for around $17 USD in the lobby (and even higher at the spa), but I was able to buy the entire CD on itunes when we returned home for $9.99.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Aussiguys
<Content>Does it get any better?       Four-poster Bed  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Wherenext67
<Content>Absolutley Beautifull       The Villa  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Shopgirl13
<Content>Villa Paradise       Our pool  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bfamily
<Content>Paradise.... We have just returned from a 10 day stay at the Villas (Sunset Section). The villas were a piece of paradise. The quality of our villa and the incredible service made our holiday one to remember.We stayed in a three bedroom villa that had a private pool and was serviced twice daily. Breakfasts were awesome - our two chefs prepared us breakfast every morning in our own villa (most days we didn't need lunch!).Our kids are 11 and 15 and they enjoyed the pool which was full size and immaculately clean and refreshing. Our towels were changed twice a day.The Prana Spa is out of this world. The Villas Restaurant Prana is also outstanding.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rachy20154
<Content>Fabulous - peaceful, private, great spa       Kitchen diner outside  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mellchris
<Content>could not fault We enjoyed our experience from the moment we walked out of the airport terminal they were there waiting for us took our bags and showed us to our transport we were then given cold towels and a drink. On our arrival to our villas it was quick and efficient. When could not believe how nice the villas are even better than n the photos. The service was awesome they service the rooms twice daily, the shuttle service provided between the different villas is great and if you are having a treatment at the Prana Spa they will take you over there or if you decide to go to the restuarant for Breakfast instead of in your villa they do the transfer also.The sunset villas are further away but it is so quite and well worth being out of the hussell and bussell, if you did not meet the shuttle to Kuta it was only 20000 rup in taxi so cheap.We had a three bedroom villas as there was a group but we did inspection in the others and they were all spacious and just as nice.I would highly recomend to any one! myself being a travel agent and i did alot of inspections through out Baliduring my trip this is by far my favorite if you are looking for a villa with remarkable service and ambience that you will not forget.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lovecat
<Content>Paradise Found       Our gorgeous pool!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>kicking74
<Content>Sunset Spectacular... The Villas truly are beautiful and I recommend them at every opportunity I have as the premier place to stay in bali. I think I have now stayed at the villas 5 times over the last 5 years and the level of service and the quality of the villas is as good as my very first stay, no tired rooms or dated furnishings! The staff from the driver who met us at the airport , to the house keeps, pool cleaners, gardeners, front office, chefs and anyone I have missed...are a credit to the property! They do their daily jobs with such happiness and exchange pleasantries at every opportunity....the certainly add to the numerous special touches the villas have to offer. Truly a unique property.......I love staying in the sunset section due to location near Bintang Supermarket and central shopping!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LilyChina
<Content>Exclusivity and Luxury The Villas (Sunset) was a delightful experience to get away from everything. Loved the private pool, the outdoor bathroom, furnishings, tranquility, and the breakfasts which they cooked in your own kitchen. It is not so close to the beach, so if you want to just laze by the beach, maybe The Villas is just far enough that it takes some effort by taxi or foot. If you want seclusion, privacy and a retreat from the world, then The Villas is GREAT! The Prana spa was also nice, although somewhat 'efficient' despite not being very busy (I am a spa nut). Prana is also a lot more expensive than most spas in the area but inexpensive relative to European or North American prices; if you just want the experience, book one treatment here then go to some other nice spas for a similar experience for half the price. Rent a car if you want to explore; Bali doesn't seem to be a place you really explore by foot. Within a 5 minute walk from The Villas are shops and restaurants all catering to tourists. Save the search for cultural experiences for other countries: in Bali, it seems to be shopping (wood, baskets, beads, jewellery, batik, silver) or enjoying the beach.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>ladude81
<Content>Blissful in Bali Coming from Los Angeles, I was a little concened about my first visit to Asia (language, finding the hotel, what to eat / drink, etc.). These fears were put to rest immediately on arrival at Bali's airport when I was greeted right at the exit from customs by Joseph (he was holding up a giant Villas Bali sign). On the short ride to the Villas, he told me (in perfect English) everything I would need to know about this magical island paradise.The Villa by far exceeded my expectations...massive private swimming pool, tasteful decor and wifi that actually worked! After a delightfully edible lunch at Prana restaurant, I decided to try a Jet Lag Remedy at one of the two onsite spas. Just walking into this place is a trip...think Taj Mahal meets Casablanca!Staff unbelievably friendly and helpful...great location and good value for the price. Highly Recommend!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>asadthetraveller
<Content>amazing hotel good hotel, arrived in bali and was greated by owner of hotel who brung us water and hot towels which was great after a 19 hr flight from london! got to the hotel after a very short drive from airport and greeted by many staff, the hotel has great security by the way which is imperitve. had to fill out a few forms but we where then taken to the villa within 5 mins. Wow, we had a 1 bed villa but i was amazed and it made our honeymoon complete. My wife loved the large swimming pool as well as outdoor bathtub. the tropical garden was lush and amazing - avoid the dragonflies though! with many fishes. Bedroom was ok, looked a bit worn not the best ive seen but not exactly the worst and the bed was covered with a mosquito net which was not very effective to tell you to the truth and the air conn wasnt powerful enough, but we did ok. location wise its ok in seyminyak there is a luxury of hotels near by and the spa in the hotel is amazing ( my wife says so!) and very reasonably priced as well as the food as well. Overall a great hotel and you will not be dissapointed.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	4	5	5	3	3	

<Author>Aussie_G_123
<Content>Magnificent - Brilliant - Highly Recommended We stayed Mid Sept this year and this was our fifth trip to Bali - we never even knew the The Bali Villas even existed, but WOW what an experience. We were upgraded to a 3 bedroom Villa - complimentary, it was MAGNIFICENT to say the least. From Accommodation to STAFF you would go a long long way to find better.We are heading back after XMAS for 2 weeks.HIGHLY RECOMMENDEDRegards Greg  Melissa Carey - Queensland Australia  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>funtraveller76
<Content>Love this place       Private Pool and living area  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lozz13
<Content>The best property I have ever stayed in I stayed at The Villas for four nights in Febuary this year with a friend. They look even better in real life then in the photos on their website (though i did stay in one of the newer villas). They are completly private, would be perfect for a honeymoon or romantic get away. You also get your own private pool and garden.The villas are cleaned regularly and if you don't want to go to the restaurant for breakfast, they will come to your villa and prepare your food right there for you.The local shops are within walking distance, but to get to Kuta or the main shopping parts of Bali a taxi is needed, but this is very cheap anyway.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>octopusgirl
<Content>Perfect days in paradise. We waited until we were home to write our Guest Comment so that we had time to savor our memories and compile our notes. We have many 鈥渒udos,鈥?but still haven鈥檛 been able to come up with any negatives. This is mainly due to the top-notch staff. We had prior experience with the manager, David Kearns, at another South Pacific property and were very pleased to be 鈥渦nder his wing鈥?again. Everyone -- reception, drivers, housekeepers, gardeners, security, restaurant staff 鈥?seems happy to be there, glad you are there, and ready to make your stay better. We鈥檝e been many places where that is not the atmosphere, so we know what a great job management is doing. But let鈥檚 get down to details:From the first impression to the last, The Villas is a comfortable private dwelling experience, with employees that are friendly, accommodating, gracious, prompt and highly competent. When we showed up from the airport at 10 p.m. on March 28, 2007 we were shown immediately into our villa, given a quick tour and allowed to get to sleep, with a promise to answer more details in the morning. There was fruit basket and wine in our entrance foyer, soft island music playing off the CD player/system out over our private swimming pool, and our beds were turned down for the night, elegantly draped with mosquito netting. The beds are very comfortable, sheets changed and the mosquito netting neatly tied up each morning. At twilight someone came and sprayed a light not-unfavorable scented mosquito repellent throughout the villa. We never got one bite. House and grounds keepers do an impeccable job keeping the property and common grounds in top shape. Leave your wash or dry cleaning in the basket in the morning and it will be back looking fresh that evening.In the seven nights that we stayed at The Villas before and after our live-aboard dive boat charter, we had two different rooms, each with 2 full bedrooms suites and a pool 鈥渃abana,鈥?suite which was just as well appointed and comfortable as the other bedrooms, but located across the pool from the common kitchen area and front entry. Each bedroom has its own bath, with a combination of either a step-in open tile shower, an open tub-shower, a large tile bath, and/or a shower opening into a private outdoor garden courtyard. Spa amenities of shampoo, lotion, bath foam, conditioner and handmade soaps are supplied daily, as are fresh, fluffy spa towels, toothbrush and paste and a hairdryer. Be sure to bring converters for the 220 Asian plugs. (I accidentally smoked a 110 transformer, but management found a replacement on the island the next day!) Bedrooms have individual A/C units run on remote controls and TV sets; movies and CD鈥檚 available for check-out in Reception. There is sufficient good lighting by the bedside, bathroom, above the conventional toilets and outside in the common space. Automatic lighting adds to the beauty of the private 鈥淵in-yang鈥?motif blue-tiled pool each evening. Six large striped pool towels are always available on the porch rack and two big wooden sun chaise wait under the pool umbrella table. Right outside each bedroom is a big all-weather fabric seating platform with pillows for reading and entertaining, in addition to two large wooden captain鈥檚 chairs, 2 all-weather fabric chaise lounge and an accompanying lunch table. One large wood dining table with 6 chairs and a sideboard are situated in the breezy foyer between the 2 main bedrooms, right next to the kitchen. A large ceiling fan is positioned over each seating area to create breeze during the still parts of the day. The open air kitchen has a mid-sized refrigerator (stocked with some purchasable goodies and drinks) and freezer with ice, and a large water cooler. Dishes, glassware and some cooking utensils are provided above an oven/stove unit, as well as ample counter space for meal preparation. In short, there is seating, dining area and beds for a large family or friend reunion. The crowning feature of each villa, though, is its garden and pool. The larger villas may have larger gardens and pools, but all are artfully sculpted with a variety of tropical plants, trees and flowers. A graceful trimmed Frangipani tree poses next to every pool, allowing a few beautiful and fragrant flowers to fall and float on the surface of the pool each day. Water lilies and koi grace the small fish ponds right outside each bedroom that also serve to collect rain water that rolls off the thick conical grass roofs adorning each building. Walkways around the pool through the lawn and the floors in each open air bathroom are unique: large square natural stone tiles skirted with either small blue (pool) or white (bathrooms) small river stones. The blue tiled pool has large shallow seating decks on both sides and a shallow 7鈥?walk through area to wet your toes, with a smaller area deepening to about 7 feet, sufficient for lazing, reading or more active exercise. There鈥檚 nothing better than having your own private pool for enjoying a midnight or dawn 鈥渁u naturel鈥?dip. We decided at the last minute to schedule a barbeque party at our villa for some of our friends after returning from our dive live-aboard. The Villas arranged for staff to grill (we chose a meat variety, but seafood or vegetarian fare is offered), serve, and clean up after the whole dinner. Additional lighting, seating, flowers, handmade decorations and buffet table are brought in for the fruit, salads and vegetable dishes that are designed with an Indonesian flavor. We also asked for Balinese musicians to play and we recommend this highly! The flute and traditional drum instrumentalists set the perfect mood, playing for at least 3 hours. It was a treat for everyone 鈥?our own backyard party away from home.Apart from being a private 鈥渉ome鈥?abroad, The Villas also has a restaurant and spa that hold their own as Balinese experiences not to miss. The restaurant is a colorful, serene Hindi oasis set behind high walls right off the main street. A large, intricate Hindu mosaic adorns one side wall and Ganesh smiles down from the balustrades. Half the tables are set in a grassy courtyard under umbrella tables and, at night, candle towers twinkle. A large koi pond and numerous gentle stone fountains, along with palms set an island mood. The gardens here are well-designed, like those in the Villas. The menu is light and healthy, a combination of European and Japanese with an island flavor. It serves as a nice complement to the Spa, which reigns above the courtyard at the top of a sweeping staircase. All dishes can be ordered and delivered to your Villa, but dining in the restaurant is a treat, if only to watch the graceful, beautiful employees move about their business. The Balinese are a lovely people and those employed at The Villas are especially capable, kind, friendly, and multi-lingual. There are internet connections in the restaurant, as well as wireless available; speed is slow and that is something management is working on. In-room internet wireless is in the planning stages.Prana Spa is considered one of the best on the island 鈥?and remember, Bali set the world standard for the true spa experience. The Prana looks like an elegant Hindu temple, with rich colors, artwork, and stone with tile construction similar to that continued throughout the villas. Only the office is air-conditioned; the balance of the experience adds up to natural, restful and very effective relaxation, cleansing and purifying treatment. They have numerous treatments to chose from that follow Hindu custom, including Ayurvetic oil drumming, hot/cold sensory pools, face and body masking, rainshower cleansing, steambaths and the best massages I鈥檝e had anywhere. Their smaller spa sister Chill on premise offers professional deep-tissue and acupressure therapy. Appointments are easy to schedule since the spa has 26 rooms and a large, experienced staff that draws clientele from all over the island. I had a Ayruvetic treatment and massage the day I arrived (since I鈥檇 gotten a touch of food poisoning on the plane) and a deep-cleansing treatment and massage after our week-long boat trip. Russ had his neck and back expertly worked on at Chill.Another service The Villas offers are different island tours and classes, including snorkeling trips, introductory surfing at Kuta Beach, shopping trips and cultural explorations of the island. We arranged for an all-day trip with a private guide to visit various artisan shops, where master craftsmen carve world famous carvings from wood and stone, paint, weave, and make fabric. We were invited to tour a Sudra caste home in a small community off the main road, a 1,000-year old temple preparing for its next 120-day anniversary and, later, a monkey purification temple. We traveled high up the winding narrow road toward the volcano out of Ubud to see where natives have been growing rice on intricately carved hillside paddies for centuries and the air was cold and fresh. Right outside Ubud, the cultural, artistic center of the island, we ate Indonesian food on a porch overlooking a rice paddy and wandered in town to tour the huge marketplace boiling over with handmade goods. Next we entered the courtyard of the Royal Palace and watched one of the royal gamelan orchestras practice awhile. Across the street, the village women鈥檚 gamelan was playing in another portico-area while a couple of young adolescent men were practicing traditional dance-dramas. After twilight our driver took us to a near-by village to catch their performance of 3 ancient folk dramas on an outdoor stage. It was an expert tour, organized through The Villas management.The large, comfortable, air-conditioned vans that picked you up at the airport can be scheduled to take you to various shopping areas or restaurants near-by. We were driven down to Kuta Beach one afternoon and across to a friend鈥檚 home for dinner in Sanur another night. Finding a taxi home is easy. It鈥檚 good to know, however, that The Villas is well situated within the thriving shopping area of Seminyak. Excellent little shops and restaurants are within walking distance for those who want the exercise and spontaneity. An excellent international gourmet grocery store, Bali Deli, is right across the street from The Prana Restaurant/Spa/Gift Shop and The Villas Main Reception. We shopped this well-stocked full-line grocery, restaurant, and bakery for provisions for our dive trip, as well as light lunches in their restaurant.Many people may be concerned about security in Bali after the unfortunate nightclub bombing in 2002, when Indonesian Muslim terrorists tried to bring economic hardships upon the bright, stable, prosperous Hindu star in their archipelago. Bali has suffered, but they have shown determination and resolve to prevent a recurrence of violence. Every car is checked when it approaches the perimeter of The Villas, as in every hotel and major tourist venue. Police and security are quietly positioned everywhere about the island frequented by tourists, watching for suspicious conduct, but with a friendly smile on their face. We felt very safe the entire time during our visit. If you want a first-class home-away-from home experience, you could not find a better oasis than The Villas 鈥?for a night, a week or a month (lucky you!). It is quiet elegance within a bustling, exotic island Paradise that has cultural, spiritual and ecological adventures just waiting to be explored. If you feel like leaving your pool, that is.Russ and Elisa BergerCarrollton, TX  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>SingaporeSingapore
<Content>fantastic My wife made me a fantastic surprise for my 40 birthday. This is an amazing place where the quality of service if really high, the food really good;the villas just plain gorgeous and really comfortable. Close to the beach and the shop streets this is a great spot to have a glimpse of the modern Bali. But the most impresive is without doubt the Prana Spa where you feel in a Arabo Indian ferry tale, where Sauna,Hammam, massages, scrubs, water treatments are perfect and given by a qualified and attentive staff. Definitively a must try.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Baam1
<Content>Try the chill and the spa! We stayed 2 weeks in the villa's during X-mas holidays and loved every day. Try the chill and the spa, the first is great value for money and the spa is a really special place for those who want to bel spoiled. You will have maximum privacy in the villas and for those who want to combine a good rest with being in the centre of restaurants en great shops it is a great place to stay. We enjoyed not being in a hotel complex and having a very good hotel service. Staff are very friendly and helpful and give great service.Be aware that the villa's know two locations, one is called the sunset and the 'original' location. We stayed at both locations but preferred the original location. Although it is said to be older, which i did not experience at such, it's an easier access from there to the main restaurant area, spa, beach etc. We rented a car trough the hotel with is cheap (20 euro's per day) and the best way to see the island or quickly get to the beach or great restaurants.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Tinysmom
<Content>We were Spoiled Silly       Opposite view.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>lostkitty
<Content>You shouldn't miss it Just came back from my first bali holiday and the lovely stay at The Villas makes the most important part of this incredible travel memory. I booked the hotel with them directly and after knowing i was on honeymoon, they were so kind to offer me free upgrade to a 3 bedroom villa. When we checked in the villa, apparently the villa is not as big as it looks on the website, but it is still spacious and well defined. The swanky pool is really lovely, just a bit small to me, but still very enjoyable. The garden is unbelievable, the lotus pond and the budhha status are both very smartly planted in the garden. The living/dining room has a extreme traditional high celine which allow the heat goes up, only keep the coolness down. The whole villa is very breezy and cooling and it is very privacy. Although the one i stayed (No. 14) is the most closest to the main road, but in the night it is still very quiet. You can do whatever you want in the villa and won't feel disturbed. The sound system in the villa is really smart, you can enjoy music anywhere (even along the pool side). The Prana restaurant is decent in terms of food, but it is brilliant in terms of decor. The arabia decor and ambience is really unique in Bali. We had one day breakfast in our villa, but for the rest days we went to the beautiful restaurant for breakfast. The only thing that i am not too happy about is the housekeeping -- i don't think they change bedsheet everyday and except for making the bed and changing the towel, they don't tidy your villa or any mess you create, which is quite a shame. The place is very safe - the guards are very helpful and friendly. I think i will stay at The Villas again next time.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>hibiscus
<Content>Pampering in paradise! We stayed at the Villas last year on our honeymoon and it was a wonderful experience. Our villa was located in the newer 'sunset' section however, so I can't vouch for the others. At first we were in a one-bed villa with pool, but because our neighbours were having a loud party they promptly upgraded us to a quieter two-bed villa. Although the surroundings of Seminyak itself are not the world's most beautiful, as others have said, there are plenty of shops, clubs, restaurants and even temples within a few minute's walk and once inside your villa you are in your own private walled paradise - perfect for nude sunbathing!!! As already mentioned by others there are compimentary shuttles provided into town if you don't fancy walking. But where we were based was really close to a footpath that led down some little streets past another hotel complex with a nice cafe (near to a temple) and ended up on the main shopping street near to a supermarket (handy in you fancy cooking in your villa and stocking up on the amazing tropical fruit). Walking was not a problem, everyone was really friendly and we didn't feel threatened. I walked back alone at night (I'm female), not a problem.Inside your villa the gardens and indoor decor are beautiful and tasteful with lit up Hindu statues outside the bedroom windows at night. We actually preferred the smaller one-bed villa as the proportions were much cuter; and went back to take photos. Mosquitoes can be a bit of a problem as everywhere in Bali and although the hotel sprays every night which is effective, I wouldn't recommend it due to the toxicity of the pesticides. Best to cover up, sit next to the incense coils they provide and use the nets on your bed at night.The services were excellent with daily cooked breakfast in your villa (order ahead) and afternoon tea included. If you are on honeymoon let them know and they will do something special for you. We had a wonderful complimentary 3 course meal at their restaurant (the juices are fantastic there) and lots of flowers all over our bed. Also make use of the complimentary reflexology at 'Chill'. Although slightly painful, the effects were rejuvenating and we went back several times as it was so cheap. We didn't use the spa as that was a lot more expensive (Western prices) but we looked around and the interior design is amazing (think Moorish architecture and Arabian Nights).I would go back to this hotel in a flash. If you are curious their website has lots of pictures and often special offers (that's how I booked). [-]The only downside I can think of is if you like being in a hotel where you get to meet lots of people, then this isn't really the place for you, as there is no main communal reception area. Also the restaurant is far away from most of the villas and tends to be frequented more by passers-by. Bali is a beautiful destination and the people are desperate for tourism and so friendly. Please visit if you can.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>saudibelle
<Content>Planning to go back... Our family of four won an auction on a website for a package deal that was too good to believe. We were prepared to arrive and have them inform us that not everything was available, but they delivered on everything! We were in a three bedroom villa (32, I think) which is a little farther from the main building, but that was minor as there was a comp shuttle that picked us up when needed and would even take us into town gratis. If the shuttle wasn't available, they arranged for a very reasonably priced taxi. Out of curiosity, viewed a one bedroom villa and found them too small, plus the bedroom was loft style. Our villa was wonderful--from the surround sound relaxing music playing upon arrival via the villa CD player to the huge plunge pool. DVD player is available for $10US per day. The bathrooms are unique in that they are open to air but very private. The tubs are huge and one can have a rose bath for the equivalent of $8 US. Breakfast was prepared each morning in our villa to each person's specifications--fresh juices, eggs, fruit, pastries, banana pancakes for the kids, etc. We also had a barbecue in our villa. There were more servers, Lagong dancers, and musicians than there were members of our family. They brought in spotlights for the dancers and hung flowers from the ceiling. The musicians played in the courtyard and we ate grilled seafood, beef and chicken with sides while they performed. Loved it and was sad to leave. Upon arrival, they'll come and fog the entire courtyard and villa for mosquitoes, but in retrospect, I would recommend having them come every three days to really keep them at bay. That was the only complaint. Already planning to go back! The pictures of the villas on the website are pretty accurate.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rsd
<Content>It was OK - not AMAZING We stayed at the Villas in February - first for 3 nights then for another 2 (went to ubud in between.) When we first arrived we stayed in villa 6 - which we thought was amazing. Cool bathroom design, huge pool, very private. The staff was friendly and the spa was great. We won the trip on Luxurylink so we had a $200 credit which I couldn't even use up because the rates are so cheap. Definitely try Chill - 90 minute massage for $14!After we returned from Ubud we were put in villa 8. Because the place in Ubud was much nicer for about the same price we now had a different perspective and found the villas a bit rundown. The air conditioner in villa 8 was broken and the villa smelled like sewage. We asked for a switch and were moved to the sunset villas - the new annex - villa 23. While this villa was newer you could tell there was not much attention to detail or expense spent on the design. Think bare lightbulbs and cheap couch cushions.also try not to stay in the sunset villas - they are really out of the way and you have to get a shuttle to the spa - it's really a pain in the butt. one of the shuttle drivers told me to watch my purse if I ventured beyond the sunset villa gates (I did not).Overall this was a bargain - $700 for 5 days so I can't complain too much. It was comfortable and nice enough, but I wish we'd stayed somewhere a bit more sleek and central to Seminyak town. We never even went to town because it was so far away. every day we took the car to ku de ta to be near the beach and that was about it.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Kathy77London
<Content>An Amazing Place to Stay We spent our last two nights in Bali here. I cannot give enough praise to this place. The villas are beautiful. Really spacious and really well designed and furnished. Each villa has its own private pool and each villa and garden is walled so you are completely private. The staff are so helpful and breakfast is cooked for you in your villa every day. It is pricey compared to other places to stay in Bali but it is the most relaxing place to stay. I would definitely go back again.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Pandora_is_Eve
<Content>SPA Expereince and Prana Spa (the Villas) In looking for a Spa in Bali I realized that there were many to choose from but the quality was obviously disparate. For the time and detail and service I would highly reccomend the lavishly furnished Prana Spa. The decor is one of a boudoir with a lot of red velvet and satin accents. The expereince was fantastic My friends and I had treatments that ranged from 3 to 3 1/2 hours for just over US$100, which is impossible to get stateside. I had a scrub, vichy shower, clay mask, and facial for what seemed like an eternity. They had to wake me up to let me know it was over. Pricier than some others but if you want top notch go to Prana [--]. Reservations are reccomended.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mullingar
<Content>Absolutely fabulous If you're looking for a home away from home, yet with all the trimmings of a 5 star hotel, then look no further. The Villas, Bali is sensational. Our one bedroom villa had it's own private 'plunge' pool (BIGGEST plunge pool I've ever seen....!), romantic bedroom complete with celing to floor mosquito nets, gorgeous outdoor bathroom you could land a plane in; upstairs living room with second TV; cute outdoor kitchen and lovely gardens.The best thing about The Villas? Each morning, you ring and say I'm ready for breakfast now and staff come and cook bacon, eggs, pancakes, you name it, right in front of you!We struggled to find a down-side, however, there were quite a few mosqutoes at The Villas, although we managed not to get bitten! Not recommended for babies (we were originally going to take ours), as the one bedroom villas are two storey and the pool is not fenced. We had a small glimpse at the more family friendly two and three bedroom villas which looked amazing, with GIANT private pools.Can't wait to go again! By the way, the rest of Bali was fantastic. Seminyak very safe, good security and CHEAP, CHEAP, CHEAP!!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>WW_view
<Content>Best place I've ever stayed This is easily the best place I've stayed ever. The surroundings are not too glamorous but once you are inside it's a piece of paradise. The villas are surrounded by walls and each has its own pool. The villas are on two levels and are not large but are everything you will need. Each villa has a kitchen outside and the staff cook breakfast for you each morning at the time of your choosing. The shower is also outside which is briefly disconcerting until you realise that you cannot be seen. There is a spa next door to the villas which is very showy (worth seeing once) but for much less you can get something better at another hotel.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>biancaStrasbourg
<Content>Bien mais il y a mieux       Un petit intrus dans notre villa  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	4	4	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏃ユ湰銇с伅绲跺銇仾銇勫揩閬┿仌   showReview(19956539, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>FABRON06
<Content>parfait       picine de la villa  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛掞饥锛ワ即浠ヤ笂銇屻亰鍕с倎   showReview(19955288, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈€楂樸仹銇椼仧銆?#x201d;   showReview(19955175, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶伄銈堛亞銇伈銇ㄣ仺銇嶃亴閬庛仈銇涖伨銇?#x201d;   showReview(19955053, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇溿仯銇熴亜銈偣銈广儭锛?#x201d;   showReview(19955012, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇曘仚銇屻兇銈ｃ儵銈裤偆銉椼伄鍏堥銇戙仹銇欙紒   showReview(19954841, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈€杩戙€併伨銇熸柊銇椼亸锛掋儥...   showReview(19956064, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>3 BEDROOM...   showReview(19956022, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偩銉笺儓鍦般伄銉涖儐銉仺...   showReview(19955993, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 9, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

