<Author>170845
<Content>Highly recommended: why?? Stayed there last July w/ my wife, sister, and parents (5 person) after staying at Uma Ubud for 2 nights before (Uma is another highly recommended place to stay, I wrote a review on Uma Ubud w/ pictures, check it out).I arrived early in Bali, so prior to my parents arrival, I booked one of the villas behind the Ultimo' restaurant at Kerobokan, and did an inspection, lo and behold, the place looked very different than the pictures at its website. The pool was unmaintained,no restaurant, noises coming from consturctions near the villa, although the rooms are nice w/ posh equipments and utilities, but the overall feel was blah...So I cancelled the booking, and looked for other hotels/villas around Seminyak, and my advice to you: don't 100% believe what you see in the websites of the hotels/villas. The photos are nicely done, leading you to believe that you just have to stay at that villa(s), but they forgot to mention in the websites that: the pool is tiny, the rooms are very close to each other (so other guests can see/hear what you're doing in your room), and the access road only fits one car (yes, I encountered such villa, where cars need to take turn to get in to the road otw to the villa).After series of quick inspections around Seminyak, the top 2 on my list were: Kayana, and Samaya (not surprisingly being managed by the same group). The rooms are similarly designed, the differences are: Kayana has no access to the beach, the pool is quite small compared to Samaya, and inside if you're unlucky and gets the farthest room, it will take quite a long walk to get to your room. But it's a very nice place, and a quite one if you're looking for privacy. Don't know about other place, but Kayana has special separated/closed walking paths for their staffs, so when they're busy w/ their chores, and delivering foods to your rooms, guests won't see or hear them, giving extra privacy and the quietness that most guests are looking for. Bottomline: at least from the quick review, i would stay at Kayana the next time I stay at Seminyak.As for Samaya, did the reservation from Jakarta 1-2 weeks before for 2 villas adjacent to the pool and close to the restaurant (since my parents are quite old and get tired easily when doing long walks), so I got the villas at the old complex (Samaya has 2 complexes: the old one w/ direct access to the beach, the new one which is across the road of the old complex w/ no access to the beach consequently, hence requiring a long walk to the beach and restaurant).When I arrived there to check in, apparently there was a mishap w/ the reservation (a glitch in their reservation system) that causing me getting the rooms at the new complex, which pissess me off as I don't want my parents to take the long walk.However, the marketing staffs, specifically Johannes  Budi Darmawan (Budi now goes to Kayana), handled this problem professionally and were profusely apologetic, so we finally agreed to stay 1 night at the old complex, and 2 nights at the new one. Quick comparision  overall feedback on the rooms:- Rooms: old complex (felt old-style w/ out of date designs, the elegant style of 80s hotels like the old Patra hotels in Nusa Dua, still very nice and clean though, don't worry. Tried to modernize it a bit w/ a large Samsung LCD, Bose SoundDock w/ an iPod Nano. And it has a private pool (small, but it's not plunge pool). My parents were happy (they're my main focus of this trip).new complex rooms: larger, cleaner, modernly designed, a nice whirlpool inside the bathroom w/ a small LCD while you're relaxing on the whirlpool.And yes, a larger pool in your villa compared to the old complex rooms. Do note, to get there you need to use a golf cart from the old complex, it's the only downside, but they have carts come and go every 5 minutes or so. The new complex does have a restaurant and a large swimming pool for those who're too lazy to go the old complex, but the pool and restaurant in the old complex are way better than the new one. The bed at the new rooms are very plush, nicely done Samaya, had good night sleeps on it.Food at Samaya: the breakfast is pretty standard, nothing stands out here. Some of the juices are not freshly made (bottled) which was a letdown, overall the food is ok. Nice thing is you have your breakfast facing the beach, which was very nice.Go here in the afternoon, sip some wine while enjoying the view of the ocean. highly recommended place to be at that time of the day. The GM of the hotel, Ray, stopped by when we had breakfast to say hi, and making sure that we have a nice stay after the reservation mishap. Nice guy indeed.Pool: a large one, and a smaller one (if I'm not mistaken) at the old complex, the smaller one for kids. Again, nice and clean, and overlooking the ocean/beach. Access to the beach: the old complex has direct access to the beach, and the beach adjacent to Samaya is well maintained, so it's cleaner than the areas to the right or left of Samaya' beach. And to ensure privacy, Samaya employs a security person to ensure people going into Samaya from the beach, are only Samaya guest, non-guests are welcome. Although the security persons need some manner class though, a bit rude when asking the people whether they are guests, especially to the locals/Indonesians.Access around Seminyak from Samaya: it's a walking distance from Samaya to : LaLuciola (a nice restaurant by the beach next to Samaya), Huu Bar (a trendy bar in Seminyak), 5 minute drive to Kerobokan which has a row of nice restaurants (Mykonos for Greek food, Tratorria, Ultimo  Rumours for European food, So-Ho for European/American food,etc). Very convenient.Staffs: helpful, courteous w/o being over the top that it would annoy you. (other than the security guy at the pool, which was rude).Nice-to-locals rating: very high (other than the pool security officer). They treat local  non-local tourists equally well. No difference of treatments across the board.This is my personal rating for establishments in Bali to measure how nice/polite they're in treating local tourists, as most times people there treat foreign tourists waaay much better than local ones. Don't know why this happened.My recommendation: stay here in Samaya, couldn't recommend this hotel enough. They have all the factors to make your stay in Bali better. Look up for pak Johannes, he's a good guy and will take care of you . Samaya isnt cheap though, but it's worth it. I hope once they get popular, they won't jack up the price, and starts behaving snotty like other hotels do when they get big.On a personal note: my father just had a minor stroke in October (3 months after we went to Samaya), he's doing well now, but long travel won't be possible for 1-2 years time due to this weakening physical condition. But during the 3 week stay in the hospital, while he was weak, he kept telling stories to us about staying at Samaya and the fun that he had w/ the large whirlpool there. Fun stuff w/ my dad..... Thanks for the great memories Samaya.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dazza66
<Content>A little rich? Having travelled to Bali every 24 months or so over the last 20 years finally stumped up the money for a Bali villa holiday at the Samaya in one of the Royal Courtyard Villas. This is a well managed seamless resort and villa complex in the trendy and more expensive Seminyak area north of Kuta. The main older part of the resort is beachfront with a superb outlook across the surf. The main restaurant, spa and one of the 2 main pools are also here. There is another small restaurant and pool in the Courtyard Villa complex. In villa dining is also available.The Courtyard Villas are located about 200 metres from the main resort with access via chauffeured golf buggy or foot if you prefer. The villas (we chose a one bedroom for 2 adults 1 child) are very big with a main bedroom/living area and a huge bathroom with fantastic double shower and spa/bath. The furnishing apart from a large king size posted bed is fairly minimalist in keeping with the rest of the resort. The big plus is a huge private 10m x 4m infinity pool that fills most of your private courtyard. Be warned that the pool is deceptively deep and not recommended if you have children that can't swim. There is a shallow area but this is at the far end of the pool away from the villa. There is also a large daybed under a flat roof gazebo structure that would be excellent in dry conditions but a leaky roof in ours meant that the daybed cushions had wet spots from the rain on the day of our arrival.The Courtyard Villas surround a small brasserie, large deep freeform pool and small gym.The biggest asset of this resort is its staff - from the driver who collects you at the airport with chilled towels and cold water, to the seamless check-in and check-out at your villa and your own personal butler who is always just a phone call away. If you want privacy, peace and quiet this is the place for you.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Samaya 鈥?my young daughter was in tears when we left but there are some issues that can be addressed. Bali is currently experiencing teething problems following a crackdown on black market imports which has caused supply problems with imported wine, spirits and premium foodstuffs but that aside the food quality and presentation at the resort generally doesn't match its lofty price tag. This resort markets itself as an experience and certainly isn鈥檛 targeted at the budget traveller but to justify their food and beverage they need to produce the goods 鈥?at present they don鈥檛. You seem to be paying a substantial premium to watch those beautiful sunsets! The offerings for lunch, tapas and dinner were pretty average especially when compared to the similarly priced offerings at La Lucciola (right next door) and the nearby Ku De Ta (both well regarded established restaurants in Bali) as well as some of the newer and much cheaper and trendier restaurants and bars in South Kuta.Also, from my point of view and compared to my previous stays in Bali this resort lacks atmosphere but maybe that is just reflective of the seamless service and total privacy?  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>4	2	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>deanli
<Content>Best Trained Staff in Bali       Sunset with a Long Island Tea at The Samaya  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>EnableTech
<Content>A Wonderful Place - The Very Best in Bali This hotel resort already has a long list of fantastic reviews about the place so not adding much more than what they have said except our own private experience, which I hope will convince you to visit if you are in two minds.My wife and I stayed at The Samaya Bali for our honeymoon for a week and I must admit it was one of the finest resorts we hae ever stayed in (and being an international entrepreneur I have stayed in some amazing 5/6* hotels).After spending a week in Hong Kong, we travelled 5 hours to Denpasar airport with everyone rushing to the 3 immigration desks open. We were not looking forward to waiting or standing around any more so were grateful to see The Bali Concierge waiting for us as we stepped off the plane. Courtesy of what was booked for us by The Samaya (for only 拢10 per person) we were taken to a VIP lounge with drinks and food while they arranged for our visas and collected our luggage etc - and then escorted us through the airport leaving behind the long lines of passengers waiting in the queues.The Samaya had sent a private chauffeur for us and our huge air conditioned car was waiting with a nice ice cold bottle of water and some cold towels. Bliss! The chauffeur was very polite and informed us of the best parts of Bali and what to see whilst we were out there.Upon arrival to The Samaya, we were greeted very well and were escorted to our Royal Courtyard Villa in minutes and checked in there and were shown around the villa by our private butler. We felt very special as little touches by the team there made a huge difference; like flower petals leading up to our villa...honeymoon cake, bouquet of flowers, complimentary minibar (which was re-stocked everyday).We spent a lot of time in the resort and in our room, just because it was so fantastic and also November is the start of the rainy season in Bali. However, a few points stood out whilst we were relaxing;1. The butler service is impeccable and cannot fault them at any time of the day or night2. They made extra sure they sprayed our room for mosquitos after they saw puddles of water due to the rain3. They replaced our towels and minibar etc, gave the room a good clean on turn down service every evening4. The spa on-site is magnificent. Great team and reasonable prices (for UK standards). My wife and I indulged in a massage, treatment each everyday which was a nice touch and a great start to the dayOne of the best things is that your butler at the Samaya takes an active interest in your day's planned activities so he knows where you are and when and makes great conversation once you are back. Very impressed with this.Ray - my wife and I think you are doing a great job there and your staff should be applauded. However, was pleasantly surprised this morning when I got your personal email thanking us for our stay and responding to all the feedback we left in the feedback form for you. That's honestly the first time I've ever received a reply to any feedback in any hotel!!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>sleeplessrose
<Content>Absolutely Perfect!!       Perfect pool view  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RMHHilversum
<Content>Great place! Great great hotel Not too big, own butler, large swimmiing pool, unbelievable breakfast and dinner right on the beach, friendly personnel and you just feel like a king. Highly recommended  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>robsinclair
<Content>Heavenly Honeymoon We stayed at the Samaya for 12 nights for our honeymoon and it couldn't have been better. We had originally booked through the hotel into one of the 1 bed pavilion villas but I noticed on their website a couple of months later that the Courtyard Villas had opened so I emailed to ask if we could be moved - I received a prompt reply to inform me that they were happy to move us to a Courtyard Villa at no extra cost. On arrival at the hotel we were taken by buggy to our villa, which was quite simply stunning. They had laid out flower petals at the entrance to our villa and in the (huge) Jacuzzi bath and there was also a honeymoon cake and a platter of fresh fruit for us.The villa itself is top-notch and completely private. Outside is a large pool, decking area with sunloungers and a seating area with sofas and dining table. Inside is a huge bathroom with Jacuzzi bath, separate double shower, a giant bed which was the most comfortable we have ever had anywhere and a mini bar which had complimentary water, soft drinks and chocolate each day.We spent a lot of time in our villa but also on the loungers by the beach. The main pool area is lush and is always quiet. Service is very good as well. Sunsets are a must. The courtyard villas are about a 5 minute walk away or 2 minutes by buggy which is nothing really 鈥?if you were on a large resort you would be that far or even further from reception anyway.We ate breakfast in the Breeze everyday and it was the most enjoyable part of the day!! The range of food is very good and you can basically have as many things as you want. There is also a wide selection of fresh fruit juices 鈥?you should try each one! My favourite breakfast food was the Nasi Goreng, though the pancakes and syrup were very good as well!Ate at the Breeze 3 times for dinner - each time it was excellent though it is clearly a lot more pricey than other local options (though isn't expensive by western standards). We also ate at Ku De Ta which is on a similar level 鈥?it has a completely different ambience and style of food but both are very good in my opinion and certainly worth trying. Our favourite other restaurants were Sate Bali which is directly outside the hotel, serving Indonesian and Balinese food, and Lemongrass, a Thai restaurant in Seminyak town. The Queens Tandoor Indian is also quite good. The hotel will happily take you to and pick you up from the local restaurants on request which is a great service to offer.All in all we had the perfect honeymoon, the location, the villa, the service and the staff were all as good as we could have hoped for.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>EWB_Sydney
<Content>Highly Recommended We Stayed at the Samaya for five nights after spending 4 nights in Ubud.We seldom indulge in five star relaxation holidays, instead we usually like to travel around, often backpacking and mostly on a budget so The Samaya certainly was a treat !Our travel company and hotels got our bookings wrong and we had one less night at the Samaya than originally planned, it was not a big deal for us as we are pretty easy going travellers and we spent one extra night at our beautiful villa in Ubud (Komaneka Tangayunda). We were refunded for the inconvenience on our return home however I must mention that the Samaya was exceptionally apologetic that our holiday had been disrupted, the manager took time to visit us at our villa and personally apologise, he then treated us to a free meal at their amazing Breeze restaurant!Everything at the Samaya was outstanding - our villa was contemporary, spacious, comfortable and the pool was fantastic ...not just a plunge pool it was so big!! The Sunbathing deck facing the beach was just perfect and the main pool so pretty when lit up in the eveningMy husband and I both enjoyed superb spa treatments.Breeze Restaurant is certainly a must dining experience whether staying at the Samaya or not.....amazing setting on the beach front and the food is some of the best I have ever eaten!From the moment we arrived to the moment we left the Samaya was really perfect in every way I would highly recommend the Samaya and can't wait to go back!!In reference to the previous Post - I don't agree that the comment There is not a shred of Balinese culture encompassed within the resort - The Samaya is not the full on balinese experience but it is certainly not sterile of the bali culture and this is represented in the main resort villas, reception, the spa, the wonderfull staff and service. I think when researching a hotel online before booking, it is very easy to assess the decor and how much traditional character it encompasses, if that is what you were looking for you should have found it and stayed there rather that complain about this beautiful hotel!I am surprised that 'Breeze' doesn't offer a vegetarian option and very surprised the kitchen if asked didn't accommodate somehow ?!?!!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>Tiedtheknot
<Content>Splendour at The Samaya We went for 5 nights at the Samaya in Seminyak and could have stayed a lifetime! It was by far the ending of our honeymoon we had dreamed about. The courtyard villa's are luxurious, faultless and modern without the stark cold design's I have seen elsewhere. It was without a doubt the finest place we have ever stayed. On arrival we were taken straight to our private villa and were checked in there over a refreshing fruit platter and drink. The courtyard villas are set back from the main pool and reception area which was lovely seclusion. The villas are a couple of minutes walk from the reception and beach or you get taken by your butler in a buggy! The people at The Samaya are truly eager to help and enhance your stay there. They went above and beyond their job's to provide me with an extravagant birthday at the request of my new husband. Calls came through suggesting various venues and activities available. Then off their own back I was given a chocolate birthday cake, stunning vase of exotic flowers and a pedicure in the spa as gifts. They even set lantens up all around the villa garden and pool area for when we returned from our night out. The location is perfect, the food was consistently spectacular, and you get the quality you pay for. The spa is splendour at its best. We had a couples spa treatment over looking the sea at sunset, it couldn't have been any better. I could rave over every detail of our stay, but you shouldn't listen to me, go for yourselves! The Manager Ray will ensure that you have the time of your lives. My only regret was not staying at The Samaya for the full 2 weeks. We will be back again, and would recommend The Samaya to families with very young children as well as couples. Get booking!!!!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>oztc
<Content>When can we go back???       Our HUGE bed!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Mastravels
<Content>Simply Fantastic We stayed at the Samaya for 8 nights for our honeymoon and had an amazing time. We booked through hoteltravel who we found had the cheapest rate.We had a one bedroom villa and loved it. The room is serviced twice daily by the most friendly of staff. The service was absolutely brilliant. We had the option of having breakfast in the room or at Breeze restaurant and chose Breeze everyday simply because you are right on th beach. There was never any pressure from staff to eat meals at Breeze (which I have found with some other hotels) and offered many great restaurant suggestions, as well as providing a courtesy car service to them.On our final day we also had a look through the Royal Courtyard Villas, while they are across the road and a little further back they are quite stunning inside.Thanks Samaya for a great honeymoon!!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>drdough
<Content>a Seminyak must Spent 4 nigts in a royal pavillion and it was great. The room is big, bathroom really nice, pool great. My wife and I had a couples treatment in the spa and the girls gave both of us a great massage. Ate breakfast, lunch and 2 dinners at Breeze. food was really good. The service was exceptional. Grounds very well maintained and sun sets were great. Used the workout room and it was new and very nice. Staff was very attentive to all our needs..We looked at alot of properties in the area and are so glad we chose the Samaya.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sawpagi
<Content>Disapoointing and not value for money at all... I stayed here for 4 nights as part of my honeymoon and was disappointed for the price I paid. The hotel consists of large bright well appointed villas (although they are not authentic one bit...). Other positives include nice wooden decking by the beach for deckchairs and friendly staff...The restaurant offers NO vegetarian options and on 2 occasions the waiters got our order wrong. the breakfasts were average at best and the orange juice was not fresh....(found this odd for a hotel charging so much)The pool is uninspiring....something you would find in 2 or 3 star hotel. ditto, the spa is average. We went to the Oberoi for dinner...the service was on a different level and the place was much more authentic and classy (is also cheaper then samaya for basic rooms). There is not a shred of Balinese culture encompassed within the resort which is also a shame. Overall, a pleasant 3/4 star hotel charging 5 star prices.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>travelmad92
<Content>A most wonderful experience We stayed at the samaya for six night and upon arrival we were upgraded to one of the Royal Courtyard villas with a beautiful pool, jacuzzi, double showers and a fridge full of softdrinks which was replenished everyday, also complimentary afternoon tea and breakfast was included and return transport to the airport. We had a fantastic time and could't fault anything at all. The staff are so friendly and they cant' do enought for you. Our butler would refresh our towels and clean the villa twice a day and take us to the main building in his buggy whenever we called him. They left us fruit and cakes in the villa and arranged a driver to take us around Bali which is recommended as driving is a nightmare. We visited a few restaurants nearby and the food was very good. The sate restaurant over the road serves fantastic food at a low price. Also the Samaya has a hotel car to take you places as far as Kuta down the road and has no problems in dropping you of at other restaurants at night. I would certainly recommend this for a totally relaxing holiday.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GrimboUk
<Content>Honeymoon Perfection We've visited quite a few fantastic hotels in the Far East. on our travels and, generally, love the region having visited nearly 20 times. It was, however, our first time to Bali. As part of our honeymoon, we really wanted something that would give us the 'wow factor'. The Samaya did not disappoint at all!From the moment of check-in, we knew that we were staying somewhere just a little bit different. We were expecting to be impressed having read the other reviews on this website. We were upgraded to a Royal Court Villa - the brilliantly professional and incredibly friendly Budi (Sales Manager) told us that it was across the road and did not have a beach view. Initially, we were a tad disappointed. The 90 second buggy ride to our villa was one of a little trepidation.And then we saw Villa 305. Superb in every way imaginable. From the huge (and totally private) pool to the superlative quality of the villa itself, it appeared that there had been no compromise in the design, fitting-out or upkeep of the place. We read one of the reviews on here that talked about the 'overflowing pool'. I think it is called an 'infinity pool' and everything about it was perfect. We challenge anyone to sit back, enjoying the Bali sunshine and the gentle lapping of the pool not to slip into 100% relaxation.Little touches left us feeling particularly impressed. The advice on where to dine (thanks Eka!) and not simply a recommendation to use the hotel's own (excellent) restaurant, Breeze. The availability of a complimentary car to take us to the local restaurants...and pick us up. All of these sort of things set the Samaya apart from other places we have stayed in Seminyak and Bali generally.Breakfast at Breeze restaurant was excellent as was all other meals we had there. We only ate there once during our stay, but returned on the last night of our honeymoon for a final meal.We're not going to repeat what everyone else has said on here but completely endorse the praise for this little piece of Paradise. The one thing we would emphasise which, we think, makes this place very, very different from the other places (including next door at The Legian where we stayed later) is the staff.Led by the extremely affable and charasmatic Ray Clark, the staff, without exception, demonstrated a level of customer service, professionalism and pride of their Balinese origins that left us incredibly impressed. Ray seems to have a genuine fondness for his guests and staff. He appears to manage his team by the appointment of extremely competent and like-minded team leaders and managers and to distill a level of trust and responsibility which, in turn, leads to a very happy bunch. Will we return to The Samaya? Definitely and we cannot wait.Keep up the good work Samaya. You are world class.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lombi1
<Content>A very Important read within regards to management and hurting yourself at hotel The Samaya Hotel was beautiful. The service was outstanding and the rooms amazing. However do not order a carton of Bingtang that which would cost around $25.00 at the shops and they charged us $120. The staff are unbelievable very friendly and welcoming but I was disappointed with the General Manager of this hotel because through no fault of mine I slipped inside on their marble tiles villa and broke my clavical bone and fractured it in four places. They were very good at assisting me at the hospital were the General Manager and Manager of the hotel accompanied me there. I was x -rayed and we were informed that I had broken my bone. I was in too much pain to fly home, and wished to stay there, where i felt a lot more comfortable. When I spoke to the manager within regards to compensation, and paying for my hospital bills, his response was, we take no liability for you slipping, you should have been wearing indoor slippers. I might add the indoor slippers would have caused me more damage if I had them on, as they had no grip what so ever under neath the bottom of the shoe. I might also state, that when the cleaners cleaned our room both day  night, none of them were wearing shoes, or slippers, so why did this rule only apply to me????? I am suggesting to you all, that if you have an incident, make sure they have a sign to state you must wear slippers!!! as they did not have a sign stating this. I was soooooo happy with the ppl who worked here, and it pains me to write this report. However it was blantantly the hotels responsibility in this case to pay my hospital bills and furthur more they did not, and when I asked to extend on because of the fact that I was in serious serious pain.....they told me to book through my travel agent as they would give me a cheaper rate??? A cheaper rate.......wouldnt that have been the least they could do????? One would think??? They have no mats to the entrance of any of the doors when you enter the villa. I was not wet nor was I swimming, so they cannot claim this was the cause. So although they seemed concerned to begin with, they used an excuse of it being a slippery surface because I did not have indoor slippers........WHAT AN ABSOLUTE JOKE. THERE WAS NO DISCOUNT GIVEN NO NOTHING, AND THE MOST IMPORTANT PART I WAS STUCK WITH A VERY HEFTY HOSPITAL TAG. As you can all see Im quite upset. I cannot work for 12 weeks, who wil pay my loss of income? Certainly not them, and for them to use such a stupid excuse of a slipper, when none of the other workers wear slippers while cleaning, was just beyond belief. I have my husband doing everything for me....typing and dressing me etc. The owners of this establishment, should be proud of the ppl whom work for them, as they were wonderful, however management (the english general manager whom made this decision of no compensation what so ever should be overlooked) My husband and I travel 6 times a year..... this certainly doesnt look good, when there is nothing to at least pacify guests for their pain.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>philbybilby32
<Content>Simply superb! The reviews below will tell you all you need to know and I kid you not they are all 100% factual!The Samaya was our first post-honeymoon trip away and to be honest it bordered on a honeymoon all over again.The grounds are impeccable, the location perfect (far enough away but close enough to drop into Kuta), the food (i.e Breeze restaurant) sublime and the staff ... well there are no words to explain just how good the staff are!Agree with the Ku De Ta call re: sunset drinks v The Samaya, although I should add we did enjoy a good meal there alongside some pretty good funky music.The spa/massage service @ The Samaya was fantastic too - perfect for when the weather is a little unsettled!Ray Clark (manager) I should add sent us an email the moment we left to thanks us for our stay. The email even commented on the rain that hit Bali that day/evening so it goes without saying the service you get is very personal and accomodating indeed.If your looking for something special stop reading this now and simply go and book.Ray - well done mate and we look forward to coming back again soon.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lozza74
<Content>The Absolute Pinnacle.... We have just returned from 9 wonderful nights at The Samaya...let me just say first of all that this place is the real deal...I defy anyone to go and not enjoy themselves, the villas and the friendliness of the staff.Having finally decided to spend our honeymoon in Bali, mainly due to the excellent climate at this time of year, we decided on the Samaya after many hours of trawling the internet for reviews etc. We booked in March through the hotels own website, which was extremely straightforward. However, after returning to the website again in April, I noticed that they had opened the new Royal Courtyard Villas and immediatley switched my reservation to a 1 Bed Royal Courtyard Villa after seeing the press release...more on that later.So, we arrived after a long flight from London via Singapore on SIA (excellent by the way, A380 is a world apart in economy than any other aircraft). We had booked the VIP meet and greet at $50 each and this was well worth the money in my view. After travelling for the best part of 24hours it was great to sit in a nice lounge with a cool Evian whilst somebody sorted out our visas and collected our bags. We were swiftly met by the Samaya's driver who was great...not too chatty (we were way too tired for small talk) but friendly enough. Soon enough we were in our villa....WOW is all I can say. No amount of pictures can prepare you for when you actually arrive. A huge pool in a perfectly manicured garden with a spacious day area and sundeck, which caught the sun nearly all day. Inside was even better....the biggest and most comfortable bed either of us have ever slept in, a sofa so comfortable we have tracked down who made it and intend to buy one. Then the bathroom....twin headed shower, jacuzzi tub and a flat screen TV mounted on the wall (to go with the 42 one in the lounge)...I had a lot of fun sipping champagne and watching the Singapore F1 GP from the comfort of my jacuzzi tub whilst my wife watched some girly nonsense on the big TV !!So, thats the room...now the staff. What made us really appreciate how good they were was when we left for Ubud and The Chedi Club, where the butler service was too in your face for my liking. At The Samaya, everything is there for you, all you have to do is ask, but its not 24/7 people phoning you all the time. They will do as little or as much as you want. Every time we ordered room service it was piping hot and there within 20 mins. Whenever we ordered a buggy it was there within 5 mins of calling. We even had the privilege of watching our villa being cleaned one morning...talk about a military operation! There were 3 guys doing the pool and garden and another 3 doing the villa itself...all done in 10mins flat. And they always tried to do it when you were breakfasting which was great as it was all done by 10am. Turndown service (if you wanted it) was done in a similar fashion.Breeze Restaurant...expensive but on a par with Ramsay at Claridges (having dined at both). Dont waste your time going to Ku De Ta for sunset drinks...the place has no class compared to sitting on the manicured beachfront lawns of the Samaya and watching the sun go down....it reminded me of Walkabout to be honest, biggest disappointment of the whole trip.Top tips? Try Sate Bali opposite the Samaya for tradtional Indo food....about 拢20 for 2 courses with drinks. We also ate at the Warung Marina which was even cheaper although perhaps not as good. Breeze really was fantastic and we ate breakfast and lunch there nearly every day, but I couldnt eat dinner there every night only because the food was so rich. They are also responsible for feeding me a burger Heston Blumenthal would be proud of.....abosloutely mouthwatering.No cons at all in my view. Some people think the Courtyard villas are a bit too remote but they are literally across the road down a small side stree...5mins walk MAX or theres always a buggy to whisk you to the main complex. If you can live without being right on the beach I would choose them 100% over the other villas which, although nice, are not as nice.Finally a word about the head honcho Ray Clark...aboslutely top bloke. We met him twice, as nice and down to earth guy you could wish to meet...i told him he must have the best job in the world! If you're reading this Ray, you said we should have gone to Ubud first and then to the Samaya....and guess what, you were right mate! The Chedi couldnt hold a candle to the Samaya, and I very nearly emailed to see if you could get us back into the Samaya!Stop reading the reviews, dont look at the photos, just book a flight, get on a plane and go...you will NOT regret it. The only problem we have now is where to go next because nothing will compare to the most wonderful 9 days we spent in the Samayas gorgeous villas, in the company of Ray Clark and his outstanding staff.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sputnik2008
<Content>Exceeded expectations Anyone thinking of booking The Samaya shouldn't hesistate - the reviews and ratings on here say it all. We stayed for ten nights as part of our honeymoon in September 2008 and were blown away by the resort.We were upgraded to one of the new Royal Courtyard villas and could not believe our luck. The private pool is huge, the garden and outside dining area immaculate and the villa itself is spacious, luxurious and everything we could want in honeymoon accommodation. We loved the double rainfall showerheads, the jacuzzi bath big enough for two, the massive four poster bed and the free minibar - it's the perfect place to unwind with your other half. The service is attentive and friendly without ever being overbearing or intrusive. We loved the beachside setting - ideal for a few cocktails at sunset - and the restaurant Breeze shouldn't be missed. The romantic Island meal is a must for couples - 4 stunning courses, plus bubbly, your own personal waiter and flowers and candles galore - total bliss!Fine attention to detail and a stunning location ensures that a stay at the Samaya is totally luxurious from start to finish. We really couldn't fault anything about it (and trust us, we tried to think of something!) and hope we will be lucky enough to go back one day.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mideojo
<Content>Honeymoon in Paradise A belated entry after our honeymoon in July. I had to organise our honeymoon alone as I wanted to suprise my soon to be wife. After choosing Bali, I spent a lot of time researching hotels and changed my mind several times in the process. I finally decided to spend 4 nights in Ubud and 10 days in The Samaya.After 4 exellent nights in Ubud, we were apprehensive to say the least. This immediately disappeared when we were recieved at reception. The welcome was fantastic, with an amazing floral display in the bath.There is nothing negative I can say and all the positives have been mentioned already but briefly, the butler service is fantastic, the food in particular breakfast is amazing. Ray Clarke deserves praise for getting such dedicated and caring staff. They made our holiday one we will never forget.We finished our stay with a candlelit dinner on an island overlooking the pool and the beachfront. The perfect ending to the perfect honeymoon  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Eltwood
<Content>The Samaya is faultless! I have nothing but praise for this hotel.The staff, the food, the accommodation, the private plunge pool, the beach..everything is perfect. I will definitely be returning next year.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>djtheot
<Content>Lived up to expectations       Bath  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sunshinenow66
<Content>Peace Just a short 4 day break, but what a lovely place. A villa with a small pool and jacuzzi, the staff are amazing, and there is just peace. If you want a quiet and restful holiday, this is it. Only negative is the high prices for Indonesia, but if you want to spoil yourself once in a while !  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>melwood
<Content>What makes a hotel different? Its the people that work there I don鈥檛 write many reviews as I feel in most cases anything I have to say has already been written by enough previous reviewers. But I feel a great need to tell you about this truly wonderful pool/villa hotel and the absolutely glorious people that work there.The ever present - General Manager Ray Clark. We saw him at breakfast at 7:20 in the morning and at 23:00 when we walked back in from a local restaurant on more than one occasion has created what for me is the slickest group of people its been our privilege to meet. Yes I know 5* resorts have well trained and intelligent staff. But at the Samaya the staff actually seem to enjoy working with each other and serving the customers with a happy and really helpful demeanour. Walking to Breeze Restaurant every morning and some evenings seeing the team ready to greet us was a real pleasure. On top of that the food was outstanding and one set meal that we had chosen for us by the chef had a bunch of selections we may not have selected, but without exception we found each course delicious. The choice at breakfast was fantastic and having it served rather than a buffet was also nice and allowed us to enjoy the marvellous setting right on top of the beach. Our villa was serviced daily to plan while we were at breakfast and again when we went out for dinner. This was another example of that amazing slickness. I cant describe how much better I felt at knowing when I got back to the villa from breakfast or dinner it would all be beautifully tidied up and a new goodie to eat would be waiting for me. Even the security guys at the hotel entrance made us feel very welcome and when we left for the airport they were smiling and waving us on our way along with three of four front of house staff. Ten out of ten. If you鈥檙e thinking of Seminyak, this is the place. Great food, location, style, ambiance and the best staff of any hotel we have visited鈥? And we have been to a quite a few!I would also recommend them for lunch or dinner if you are just passing through or staying in one of the other hotels nearby.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>topaccommodations
<Content>In a league of its own       the beach  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Zimbo167
<Content>Perfection.... what a lovely place!       The view of the beach at sunset  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tokyo-Alex
<Content>Heaven on Earth I just returned from a much too short one-week stay at The Samaya, and I can only say it was heavenly. The location right at the beach and the bungalows as well as the garden layout are beautiful, the staff are attentive and friendly, the food is excellent and the days just drifted pleasantly by to the sound of the ocean, the song of birds and the smell of flowers. The on-site restaurant Breeze is excellent, there are also many other places just a walk away, and other parts of Bali are easily reachable by taxi. I warmly recommend The Samaya to anyone looking for a truly relaxing vacation!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>campbyj
<Content>Samaya offered the perfect start to our Bali Samaya was wonderful. There are truly not enough good things to say and absolutely NO complaints, but observations. The Pros include:1. First, they can arrange a expedited customs process with the airport. This costs approx. $50 US pp (in addition to $25 Visa pp), but can be worth alleviating the headache. You immediately are taken into a lounge with snacks, drinks, and hot towels while everyone else scrambles to the customs counters. These can be up to and greater than 2 hours to process. They take your passports and process it immediately, and then pick up your bags while you relax. The process took us about 30 minutes before escorted to our transport while 100s of people still waited in the customs line.2. Fantastic well kept grounds and the rooms were wonderful w/ a hybrid indoor (enclosed)/outdoor layout that is very contemporary Balinese. The bathroom fixtures offer stone tubs and wood plattes that are beautiful. Don't forget about the plunge pools and comfortable bedding. They even offer bugspray and repellents - be sure to take advantage of them. Bugs are not an issue, but if you don't use repellent (especially in the evenings) you will get bit up by mosquitos. They provide all these bug repellents complimentary.3. Fantastic pool, spa, beach, and restaurant area. Staff are all very courteous and uniform. Just a note...The service style in Bali is much more relaxed than Western cultures . They are more than willing to provide whatever you need and are extremely polite, but again much more relaxed. Upon your stay you should not be critical but politely ask if you require more on your visit. The food was fantastic (especially the breakfast menu) and the beach and view were some of the best on Bali. We took up our complimentary 15 minute massages that were great, well worth scheduling other services.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>NDG50
<Content>Sensational Samaya       Amazing lagoon pool (in back ground) surrounded by grass  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>broweyedgirl
<Content>Fantastic,superbe...I miss it already !!! We have just returned from a 14 days stay at the Samaya . We stayed in the 2 bedroom beachfront villa together with my sister ans her husband. As we arrived after a long trip to Bali (+/- 20 hours) we were welcomed at the airport and already the butlerservice from the Samaya showed there skills, they took over to arrange all custom formalities + they picked up our luggage so we could instantly relax. As we arrived at the Samaya, the manager Ray was already there to welcome us. He is a fantastic person and a true proffesional, he gives you the feeling you 're family! The villa was fantastic, the spa exquisit and the Breeze restaurant has a great romantic location and fantastic food. Especially the beachfront was for me the higher value of this resort,I like hearing the waves and looking at the see is different every day. For me the Samaya was an excellent experience and I will advice everybody who want to go to Bali to stay there! I even believe that I am really homesick (and then it is not for rainy Belgium but for sunny and beautiful Bali)  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ecuatoriana
<Content>so great... a new level OK, so its not cheap... but for the first time in a looong time I felt we got value in every cent spent! We stayed in the new Royal Courtyard Villas, which are located across the street, tucked behind some local traditional homes. These new villas are beautifully designed, and have struck the best balance for a hotel villa. The bed is huge and so comfortable, the bathrooms are fabulous and the pool area is large, sunny and well designed. There are golf buggies always available to run you back to the original Samaya on the beach. Breakfast on the beach at Breeze is a real treat - fantastic menu - and sunset drinks on the lounges are mandatory. Tried the spa, and again it was wonderful and matched the premium prices.Breeze restaurant is fantastic, wonderful menu and very attentive staff. Also - there is a great Balinese restaurant across the road and a good italian down the road for a few local cheaper eats.Staying at this hotel was a wonderful experience and so glad we picked it.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Evgenia81
<Content>Simply the BEST It has been several months since our unforgettable trip to Bali. And all these months (since April) we were thinking of how to describe our wonderful stay at The Seminyak hotel. And now we have to say that it was simply the best place!It exceeds all your expectations. You don't even dare to think that a hotel can underline the atmosphere of the island in such a perfect way.Once again, I would like to express our gratitude to Mr Ray Clark, General Manager of the hotel, for the lifetime memories!There is no better place to stay when you go to Bali. The Seminyak is a perfect combination of style, quality, location. It is not interfere with the magnificent nature it helps you, in a very delicate manner, to enjoy it as much as possible. Amazing food at The Breeze restaurant, delicious breakfasts several meters away from the ocean, wonderful spa treatments, the heavenly atmosphere of you private villa and excellent service, unbelievable, but all these we found at The Samaya!!!Evgenia  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sheba14V
<Content>Exceeded Expectations My husband and I recently stayed at the Samaya for 6 days. I had chosen to stay there based on the fact that it was located directly on the beach, and the reviews I had read on Trip Advisor.From arrival to departure we were not disappointed. We were not upgraded, but two people simply don't need any more space. The service was courteous and efficient, without being over the top.The rooms were immaculate and cleaned very regularly. Our outside area and pool were completely private.The restaurant, although more expensive than many others locally, is excellent, and the position overlooking the ocean is second to none.I would not hesitate to recommend the Samaya. My husband can be horribly critical, and we regularly have to change rooms when we arrive at hotels. He couldn't fault the Samaya.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Andrew-Perth
<Content>One of the Best!       our villa  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>Milliesydney
<Content>Samaya You're the Best We have just returned from our 4th holiday at the Samaya and as usual have only high praise for this resort and particularly the management and staff. We were very surprised to read the comments made in the recent review particularly those regarding Ray the General Manager which are are the absolute opposite to our experience. Most days we see Ray talking to his guests and checking everything is ok and responding quickly and professionally to any requests/issues raised and if Ray is away the Deputy Manager does the same. I can honestly say that in our experience Ray and all the staff can't do enough for you and we have often been surprised at the thoughtful little things they do without even being asked. OK The rooms at the Samaya may not be brand new but they are large, comfortable and very well maintained. We travel often and we have enjoyed staying at the Samaya more than anywhere else we have been and have already booked our next visit. Just love it.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>leon&Kevin
<Content>Beware of Samaya ! We booked the Samaya for 17 nights for our Honeymoon, after weeks of looking for the perfect resort we finally settled on the Samaya mainly due to rave reviews here on trip advisor. We where collected from the Airport and taken to the Hotel, we where staying in the new section of the Hotel and I have to say the Villa鈥檚 are very nice with a large size pool, now these are not based on the Hotel property and you have to call for a golf buggy to take you to the Hotel. This hotel is well located and in walking distance to many great restaurants in Seminyak. However our trip was off to a bad start when the building work was going on in the neighbouring hotel, which started at 7am, not a great start to a honeymoon. We contacted the reception as asked if we could be moved鈥e meet with Ray Clarke the Hotel Manager and he told us that he would move us to the main Hotel, we where happy with the response of the Hotel until we seen our new room!!!!! It was in the main Hotel but was VERY old, a tiny pool and the villa never got any sun! So asked the reception if we could speak with Ray about our new room, and we where told that he had gone out for an hour and he would contact us on his return. The following day we had still not heard from him by lunch鈥?so we asked reception if we could be moved back the other villa鈥檚 in a quite area and we felt that we had been down graded on our honeymoon and we had paid the higher price for this room! So again we moved to the very back of the resort (Room 315), finally we could get settled and some sleep!!!!! Well no, the pool pump was banging all night long and my husband had finally had enough and we call the butler to come to our room and listen to the noise he agreed with the noise we asked him to get Ray to contact us as soon as he came to work, He turned the pump off and we got some sleep! So after a day long of relaxing and a nice meal and NO sign off Ray we headed to our beds again, only for the pump to be making the banging noise again!!!! This is now the fourth night of our honeymoon and still not a good nights sleep鈥? So we called the butler again and again he turned the pump off. We went to the reception the following morning looking for Ray AGAIN and we where told that he was leaving on a business trip and would contact us before he left! At this stage our Pool was over flowing in the morning and in the afternoon was only half full!!!! Ray left for his trip and never tried to contact us, so we decided that if was best that we left the resort before it ruined anymore of our honeymoon, so we check out and moved to another Hotel where we couldn鈥檛 have been treated better! However on our return home we received a mail from Ray Clarke himself saying that he would like to offer us a 3 night complementary stay and that he was so sorry that we left the hotel! We replied stating all that I have done in the above review and that we wouldn鈥檛 be going back to this hotel and we would like him to credit our credit card back instead. He then sent a quick mail to say he would contact us when he got into the office鈥ive days later he has got back to us and the Hotel鈥檚 holding company are going to credit our credit card back for three nights stay. To us it seems that he only wants to be around for the good comments, but as soon as something it not right, he can鈥檛 be contacted! It really is a shame as this is a really nice Hotel (on the new side) and the rest of the staff are quite pleasant! We did use the Spa which was very nice and also eat in the hotel鈥檚 restaurant, which was very nice but very over priced compared to the restaurants in Seminyak, which is normal for Hotel鈥檚.The overall experience in this hotel, was one we would rather forget about!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>1	3	5	5	5	4	2	5	

<Author>MelGeorge
<Content>Wonderful!! My husband and I spent 15 nights at the Samaya in June 08 During our stay we celebrated our 25th wedding anniversary.I cannot speak highly enough of the resort, it's location and it's facilities but the highlight of our stay was the staff and the service.Nothing was too much trouble, attention to detail was outstanding and the food and service in the restaurant were second to none! The butler service offered by The Samaya was a feature of our stay - it was great having someone on hand at all times to offer advice/suggestions on places to go, restaurants to try etc and they even book these things for you!We would not stay anywhere else in Bali and would have no hesitation in recommending The Samaya to anyone wanting a special experience on the beautiful island of Bali.We'll be back!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FamdenHeld
<Content>Absolute Perfection!       Sunset at the Samaya  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LloydsOfHighgate
<Content>The Samaya - Part 2       Double shower  spa bath  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>pdiddy112
<Content>"Perfection" Just spent 3 nights at the Samaya for part of our Honeymoon. Every little detail was perfect. At check-in, they provided us with a bottle of champagne and a Happy Honeymoon cake in our room. They upgraded us to a Royal Pavillion Suite. The property is in immaculate condition and is manicured daily. Definitely a cut above the two sister properties adjacent to it, the Legian and The Oberoi. Every single villa has its own plunge pool and the Royal Pavillion Villa's have their own hot tubs.The spa was very reasonable. We got a couple's 2 hour package for $150 US dollars. There are cheaper spas in the area but the service and the ocean front facility make it completely worth while. The food at the onsite restaurant Breeze is also very good. Free a la carte breakfast daily is a nice touch. As other reviews have claimed, the restaurant is pricey for Bali standards. The restaurant directly across the street called Sate Bali is equally as good in quality of food with 1/5 the cost. Great for lunch if you do not want to spend an arm and a leg for every meal. That being said, I do suggest having at least one dinner at Breeze as the food is excellent and it is a very pleasant experience. Finally, staff is trained extremely well. Very helpful indeed. Hotel provided us with a 6pm checkout for free as we had a red-eye flight. Overall, excellent.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Ganee
<Content>Excellent Stay       View from The Breeze  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>elramer
<Content>Didn't live up to the hype Stayed here for my honeymoon. check in was not up to standard to a 5 star resort. Room was nice but didn't have the wow factor we expected for our honeymoon.Food was really good though over priced. Pool area was great.All in all its a nice resort but there are better out there for your money, that have the wow factor.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	3	2	4	3	

<Author>KarenfromMelbourne
<Content>An excellent experience from the moment you walk in       The room  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>anna_msaraswati
<Content>A perfect romantic holiday!       Relaxing Place  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bailes23
<Content>Samaya Villas - Perfect Honeymoon!       Deck chairs are setup daily and overlook the beach  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Littlespiers
<Content>2nd Visit - more to come AWESOME PLACE - we loved the Samaya - it was our second visit to the Samaya and love the place. Rooms are great, resort is brilliant, the restaurant is fantastic onsite. The surrounding areas also have great restaurants including upmarket Kudeta  Loluciana (excuse the spelling) and well priced local restaurants like Mykonos and Maccaroni.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KJASydney
<Content>Amazing Stay Amazing Wedding After months of searching for a place to say I Do, we both agreed that The Samaya would provide the perfect setting for our big day and we weren't dissappointed. Organising everything via email and the occasional phone call was a little unnerving, however our incredible wedding co-ordinator Vendy promptly answered every question. Once in Bali we met with Vendy at the beautiful Breeze Restaurant to discuss the days schedule and also finalise the wine list and dinner menu. On the day everything was organised perfectly (A hindu pray also assured no rain). Every detail no matter how small was taken care of, from the frangipani bouquet to the traditional balinese flower girls and the pink rose petal confetti that our guests threw. The food from the Breeze restaurant was amazing, as was the wine that complimented each course. Regrettably we only stayed 5 nights, we wished we could have stayed longer!! Initially we stayed in a Pool Villa and then the Royal Pavilion. Both villas are very spacious, the bathroom offers couples a romantic experience on arrival, with a petal filled bath. For an extra special stay try the Royal Pavilion for the outdoor jacuzzi, huge plunge pool, ocean views and extra space. Be sure to head down to Breeze Restaurant for a beautiful breakfast on the beach (If you can drag yourself away from your villa). After reading the reviews on this site we were expecting a memorable stay, especially my wife who has a rather high standard when it comes to accomodation and service. The Samaya surpassed all expectations and was everything and more.Thank you to Vendy, Ray and all the staff at The Samaya for making our Wedding and Stay a magical one. We look forward to coming back next year.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nat83R
<Content>Just Perfect! What can i say about the Samaya other than it was perfect in every way! I booked this resort for our honeymoon in Feb 08 and was in awe when we arrived. We were picked up from the airport and driven to the resort and given cold minty towels and iced water to freshen up on the car tip there. When we reached the resort we were greeted with Frangipani necklaces and were ushered to our villa. The villa was immaculate! There were petals arranged in love hearts on the path leading to our door and when we got inside the four poster bed had beautiful singapore orchids arranged on it and the bathroom, magnificaent! our Spa bath was filled and covered in frangipanis! VERY ROMANTIC! Our butlers were great! They did what ever was asked of them and never asked for a tip (but of course we tipped, when we had cash on us). The Breeze resturant was fantastic! the breakfast was the best especially the crispy bacon (it melts in your mouth). So in total, we absolutely enjoyed our 16 day stay in the Samaya, it was so quiet and we had the main pool practically all to ourselves every time we went! The photos on the resorts website just don't do it any justice, it is keep so well, and all the staff there are so friendly and are always wanting to assit you in booking day trips or resturants or drivers etc! I couldn't have asked for anything better! The weather on the other hand wasn't the best on our trip (but you can't expect much when it's Monsoon season!) we still made the most of it and it was a joy jusy spending time in our villa watching DVD's and floating in our own private plunge pool! I can't wait for the day we return to Bali and stay at The Samaya!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Scotty999
<Content>Can't wait to come back!! We had the pleasure of staying at Samaya for 13 nights in March 2008 and only have good things to say about the experience. Ray and his team run a very professional resort tending to all of the needs of their guests with passion and dedication. The resort is located directly at the beach which means that the breakfast experience is wonderful - beachside location and choice of breakfast menus are outstanding. Spa treatments were excellent and also just doing nothing and hanging out either at the villas or the sunlounger deck was very enjoyable.. The staff make the experience a very enjoyable one and we would definitely like to come back here sooner rather than later!!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>trout8989
<Content>Perfect in Every Way! We stayed at the Samaya for 3 nights in January and had an incredible time. Highlights of our stay included:-Lounging in the shade of one of the palms by the pool, reading, and listening to the waves break.-Romantic meal at the restaurant (one of the best we had in Bali) and great breakfasts.-Watching the sunsets while enjoying a drink.-The large and clean private villa (especially nice bathrooms!!) with posh amenities. -The incredibly friendly and helpful staff. The frontdesk staff saved the day when Bali Car Hire (a private car rental company) bailed on us. Left without transport, the staff did everything they could to find us alternative transportation. -Taking a cooking class at Sate Bali, the restaurant right across from the Samaya. We highly recommend it. The dishes we made were delicious.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>melb08
<Content>Bliss!! My husband and I stayed at The Samaya at the end of Jan 08 and absolutely loved it! If you're up for a week of lying by a pool in complete luxury The Samaya is for you.We had a look at some of the other hotels in the area and none of them compared to The Samaya. The Samaya has more of contemporary feel about it with the Balinese influence. The Villas are beautifully decorated, the pool and it鈥檚 surrounds are divine and the restaurant is delicious. The Liverpudlian Manager is a hoot! You鈥檒l see him roaming around The Samaya making sure everything鈥檚 running smoothly. He鈥檚 usually perched at the bar around 6pm so be sure to sit down and have a Bintang with him. We loved The Samaya and will definitely be staying there when we next get back to Bali.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fasta
<Content>Paradise found!       Sunset  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>BEEPfromPARIS
<Content>Wonderful       unsusual view from here, but you'll never want to go back to your old habits...  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>hacket
<Content>Just Perfect! Have done extensive web based research, I decided that the Samaya was the best value for money. The web site made the place look great! Being some what sceptical when it comes to web sites providing a great representation of what a hotel really looks like - I was very surprised on arrival鈥?the Samaya web site does not really do the hotel justice! The service was impeccable and going for breakfast was a joy! The butler, concierge and their drivers were only too happy to assist! There was great shopping in near by seminyak but really there is no need to leave your villa. It was our honeymoon and we were upgraded to a villa with a jacuzzi and a raised dinning area that looked over the villa walls to a view of the ocean. Just perfect! The room was serviced twice a day and they took care not to bother you. The villas are very private. I found the best rates were through my travel agent - surprisingly beating all web based/hotel-direct rates I could find. I would also recommend the following local dinning: trattoria; sate bali (directly across the road from the hotel); kudeta (a funky bar/restaurant on the beach a short walk south along the beach) and Gado Gado (the hotel driver will drop you off and pick you up). We are looking forward to going back!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MrsFfromtheUK
<Content>WOW From the moment we landed in Bali, we knew this was going to be an unforgettable experience! Whisked into a concierge lounge whilst our visa was sorted and bags collected for us, we then arrived at The Samaya late in the evening to be greeted by the most beautiful place... Candles lined pathways, frangipani trees swayed in the breeze with the palms and the architecture was stunning. There was actually an Indian wedding in full swing when we arrived and although the staff apologised profusely for the inconvience, there really was none and the party looked amazing, held on the decking overlooking the sea (as we arrived so late, we missed out on the chef's invitation to dine as his guests to 'apologise' for the inconvenience of the wedding, but that just goes to show the level of service you can expect here). The villa itself was gorgeous, not 'over-done' but sumptuous enough not to be classed as minimalistic. A small plunge pool and private beds were within our little enclave but we spent most of the time on the raised deck above the beach on the most comfortable sunbeds ever! I could go on and on regaling details of this beautiful place, but really you need to experience it for yourself. I think the following are the top 5: service, location, architecture/furnishings, natural beauty, spa. We truly loved this place and would recommend it to anyone who likes a modern yet luxurious ambiance with genuinely friendly service.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Fortunately
<Content>What a Fantastic Honeymoon!       Entrance View  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>buddineurope
<Content>It's a dream come true! I almost hesitate to write another good review of this place as I'm afraid that it will become too busy and difficult for us to come again, however this place really deserves every acclaude that has been written so far!The Samaya was our first stop of 3 in Bali for our honeymoon in July 2007. Throughout the trip we continued to dream of the Samaya, even though the other places we stayed were very nice. The quality of the accomodation (Pavillion Villa), the staff, the food, made this my favorite hotel of all time. We ate breakfast every morning and dinner on two nights and various lunch items. We really enjoyed the food- it was sort of a blend between Western with Indonesian twists. We found the prices reasonable and in some cases less than food we ate outside, which I think is rare these days. I appreciate that they don't try to rip you off, just because you are staying there. We also enjoyed apertif during the sunsets each night in their comforable seating overlooking the water. Another nice thing that we could walk to the trendy Ku-day-tah (sp?) on the beach. It's just a short walk and it is a fun place, also with nice food and music. I can't think of anything bad to say about the Samaya. I enjoyed it too much!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BlueFoxx
<Content>Paradise in a Perfect Location.... Absolutely fabulous! Location perfect! And runs like a well-oiled machine!! Wonderful dining! Well located in Seminyak, close to lots of other bars and eating places.We had a One Bedroom Royal Pavilion but would be just as happy with a smaller Pool Villa as the bedroom/bathroom are the same size, only the villa grounds are a bit smaller.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>daz27
<Content>Samaya is simply the best. My wife and I stayed in the Samaya over the Easter period, and were simply blown away by it.We've travelled quite a bit - including a year in asia - but have never stayed in a resort with such class, you simply can't find faultwith the place. Location - fantastic, between Ku De Ta and Hu'u Bar on probably the best stretch of beach in the whole Kuta/Legian/Seminyak region.Management/Staff - Bali is well known for great service but the standard here is off the map, we stayed at 3 other hotels all of which had fantastic service but the Samaya was premier league!The manager Ray also from the UK really went out of his to make sure everyone was ok, from the VIP complete with entourage, to the normal holidaymakers like us, Ray and his team (especially Eko) couldn't do enough. Food - We ate in the resorts restaurant (Breeze) most nights as the food really is good, but for us the setting is what separates this place from the rest - tables are set out on the beachfront decking area and after a spectacalur sunset everything is lit up with little candles, very romantic!Rooms- We were lucky enough to get upgraded to a Royal Pavillion villa which was out of this world, pool, Jacuzzi, and bath you could just about swim in, room itself was just pure luxury - we felt like high rollers in Vegas! All in all if you want luxury in Bali - Stay Here!!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>wally1
<Content>Loved the Samaya too       Restaurant View  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JimmerBP
<Content>Location, location, location.......... Privacy, luxury, gourmet dining, direct beach access and location, location, location.........This was my third trip to Bali and the best! I spent 10 days at the Samaya. The villas are excellent with total privacy and plunge pools. The perfect location to wander the beach, walk into Seminyak or sit and watch the sun go down. Service is first class.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>WDCgirl
<Content>The Samaya is Fabulous!! Hi, we just returned from our first time to Bali  had a wonderful time mostly due to the local firm we used to find accomations, Bali Services [----]I cannot recommend them highly enough! Irma and her sister, Layla, who own Bali Services worked very hard to help us sift through the various hotel/villa options  find ones that were truly special as well as were able to secure significant discounts. The first place that we stayed at was a modern, luxury villa complex in Seminyak called the Samaya. It is right on the beach and is just stunning. We had our own plunge pool, sun and patio area plus there was a shared (although we rarely saw other guests) infinity pool and direct beach access. Every morning we ate breakfast at the villa's restaurant  watched the sunrise over the ocean -- truly fantastic. But the best part was that we were only 5 mins from all the shops  restaurants yet at the Samaya, it was completely quiet -- we could have been miles away  we rarely saw any of the other guests. It was if we were there alone. And the staff could not have been nicer or more helpful. Can't wait to go back!!!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Choggy
<Content>Lovely Hotel, Lovely Setting The Samaya Hotel was a lovely smallish hotel, directly on the sea front on Semenyak Beach. Anyone worrying about the noise and bustle of Kuta, do not worry. This hotel is far enough out of Kuta to be away from it. It is 5-10 Minutes walk from some very good restaurants, with good food and good facilites. The food at the Hotel is also extremely good.The Villas at the Hotel are lovely, each has its own individual small swimming pool and each is contained within a walled perimeter, so privacy is assured. The rooms themselves are well appointed and the bathrooms are excellent, with a big sunken bath, as well as a nice seperate shower cubicle.During the time we were there there was some buliding work to the restaurant, which although created a big of noise during the day, we then had the hardship of having meals under the stars in front of the ocean. The building work will be finished by July of this year 2006, so that will no longer be a concern to those travelling after this date. The staff are so friendly too, the waiting staff so polite and accomodating and the front desk staff always know your name. The immacualte gardens were well kept and even the head gardener was very keen to offer his assistance where he could.Very highly recommended, and the Balinese people make this a very special place indeed. Just a word of warning though, if you get any phone call aty the hotel from people claiming to be from the Bali Tourist board, offering four free holidays to you the lucky winner of competition, so that you can bring friends to stimulate toursm to Bali, forget it. Its timeshare and these people are very romantic with the truth. Tell them to go take a hike, even a free pick up and breakfast is not worth it. Best stay put in the lovely Samaya.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Foddy
<Content>Fantastic boutique hotel! We have stayed at the Samaya twice now, once for 4 nights and once for only one night, and have nothing but praise. In fact we have our own villa in Ubud, but are going to stay for a couple of nights again at the Samaya next month. The location is great - right on the beach (next to the Legian), with a fabulous (and huge) pool. The view across the pool to the sea at sunset is spectacular. Within fairly easy walking distance of restaurants and shops (but with taxis so cheap, it's not really a problem).All the villas are large (with their own smallish pools), but the Royal Pavilion ones, with larger pools and jacuzzis, are spectacular. The bathrooms are huge and all decoration is in a very Balinese style. The food is first-class (you can have a table for dinner on the grass right above the beach in a magical location) and the menu has local and international dishes, including some very interesting specialities.The staff could not be more helpful. Even when only staying one night, we were allowed to have a 4 pm check-out (of course I guess it wouldn't be so easy if it was fully occupied!).The only one problem we had was that on one night the wireless Internet connection was not working so well, and we had to use a slower dial-up. Other than that, we wouldn't change a thing.  
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ducmarmy
<Content>la classe!   showReview(21928367, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>eric45430
<Content>Jeunes mari茅s heureux       Piscine priv茅e  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sasse
<Content>Ausgezeichnetes Hotel       View from restaurant  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉淬偅銉┿仺銇勩仯銇︺倐銇嬨仾...   showReview(19921925, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

