<Author>RichySmith
<Content>Good base for operations Myself and my boss stayed at the Hotel Mark Twain for a week between 14th - 20th December. We were attending the fall AGU conference being held in San Francisco at the Moscone center. The hotel itself is about 5/10 minutes walk from the Moscone center (depending on your walking speed) so it was in a pretty good location.It was booked through the travel office at work so we had no idea what the hotel itself was going to be like so I came on trip advisor and got a bit worried about the reviews talking about the area it was in. When we got there though it wasn't nearly as bad as has been made out, there were homeless people about but I encountered them more down near Market Street (and just past the Hilton which is on the corner!) so I think to mention them for a specific hotel is wrong, every hotel in the area has the same thing.The hotel itself is pleasant enough, the lobby was nicely presented and the food at the Fish and Farm (I forget the name) was really, really nice.Room wise I can't complain about the size because I was in a double room by myself so I had two double beds to choose from.The windows weren't that bad but I went when it was cold and wet and so I had no inclination to open them (especially since the view was of the inner quadrant of the building!) but the one thing I must mention is the radiators.They are the old victorian style radiators (considering the hotel is styled around then this is no surprise) which means that when the heating is on they are LOUD! There doesn't appear to be any way to fully turn them off either as even when I turned the knob fully off there was still noises coming from it. That said most of the time it is faint background noise rather than anything you really notice.The lift is rather small but it does it's job so that's all that's important as far as I am concerned. Shower in the bath was nice and strong and the towels etc... were all decent quality. So overall it was a good hotel for me simply because it was only ever going to be a base of operations with not that much time spent there apart from sleeping. Frankly that is what this sort of hotel is aimed for and it does it's job well.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>dora_an_explorer
<Content>Mixed experience This hotel is situated in a safe area of San Francisco and only a short walk to the cable car line and the local diner. As a lone, female traveler, this hotel was ideally situated for me and felt quite safe after darkI found check-in to be no great hassle and the room clean and in good repair. However, the walls were thin and had some trouble sleeping the first night, but was ok there after as the neighbours checked out.The staff were mediocre and didn't seem to know when the Bistro was open - having been told on two consecutive nights that it would be open and then finding it wasn't. On check out I also asked to settle the bill (which I did) and then returned home to find more charges had been made to my credit card. I contacted the hotel about this and they eventually made a refund as a good will gesture.For the money I paid it was an ok place to stay, but would probably try somewhere else next time, although there was nothing majorly wrong with the hotel.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>exploringaussie
<Content>was a great budget stay I was originally booked elsewhere but due to the economic downturn looked for something a little cheaper and let me say what great thing that was. I arrived to a really lovely reception, very easy to get to from the bart and my room was very clean, and simply furnished in a warm and welcoming way. I found the surrounding areas excellent to get great food, shopping and minutes from the cablecar or muni. The staff were more than pleasant and the housekeeping a dream. I booked tours through the hotel and all was above and beyond my expectaions. The hotel is not too noisy or in that bad an area as other reviews have noted. There is a soup kitchen of sorts in the church at the end of the street but people should appreciate that instead of being offended by this. I am a single female traveller and at no time in this area did I feel concerned for my safety. There are always people around and the few down and outs that I did encounter were extremely polite. I would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>sunberries
<Content>Just the right value for your money Warning: Long Read.I gave the Hotel a neutral 3 star mark because I want the reader to be objective in my review and decide for themselves. Satisfaction is subjective and thus my experiences may be positive in my view yet unacceptable for others. To give 5 stars and relate only positives of how wonderful the hotel and services were reads like home TV shopping actors sharing their joy. I am doing this review because, like me I depended on guest experiences to choose which hotel will best suit my budget and needs. I found the reviews on Mark Twain acceptable, and though there were other hotels showing up with lower rates, I decided not to risk too much on my few days in SF. I booked for the Marriot for my first 4 days of business activity and moved at Mark Twain (MT) for the rest of my weekend. Reception.The MT reception area was well decorated and furnished. The Fish n Farm restaurant is in it and makes one think its part of the hotel. Its not a big hotel so don鈥檛 expect a big lounge. I arrived around 12pm but I was told to wait 2 more hours in observance of check-in time. I have booked online and stated in my check-in time. For that matter, I think it was just in-house policy and felt suckered about it, at the least, it gave me ample time to have brunch at the next door cafe-diner a good and recommendable breakfast place and it turned out to be always packed too. Building and Room.Elevator is small and will not beat your running down the stairs, which by the way, is narrow too. It鈥檚 a small hotel remember? And these tiny inconveniences just added more interesting things to remember while in SF 鈥?its subjective. The building itself is old, as observed from the plastered-painted-plastered-painted concrete windows on the corridors... old but maintained, as is the flavor that is SF. The room is cozy, I like natural lighting and that鈥檚 what the wooden blinders do perfectly well. Its spacious enough and clean. I don鈥檛 know how monstrous one can be not to fit in the bed and room itself. I must admit the bath, old-rose pinked with a lil hint of old European flare is a little bit on the cramped-closet feeling. If you are huge, say a 6 foot 300 pound gorilla, stay away from this hotel, u wont even get pass the snailovator. Stuff in the Room. The towels were fluffy and new, actually better than the Marriot鈥檚. Clean. I did not need to nit pick on every crevices and nooks, I did not find dusts, I did not meet cockroaches, the beds were made, the bath was maintained and stain free. It did not stink. The carpet is cheap but not that bad, though Grey is not really a pleasing color. The beds are good enough, just fair for me due to the crappy throw and under sheet that is close to like rubbing one鈥檚 skin on an itchy wool. Wool is nice, Its different when u sleep with it. You may probably request for another blanket. There鈥檚 no AC, and u don鈥檛 need one in Winter. Air circulation? Open the windows genius. Complimentary coffee and condiments but no complimentary water, its tagged at $4.00 - do you see the entrapment? All hotels do this anyway. The radiator is old school and makes that clankety-clank-clank sound when warm water is pumped in at night; It鈥檚 a remarkable thing from the past, I even took pictures of it 飦? The walls were not good enough to completely dampen the next room鈥檚 TV, but then I planned on getting out and experiencing SF, thus, I went back to my hotel dead-tired and bloated with all the Asian food I鈥檝e consumed, so, no, the noise was not a problem for me.Service.Service was good, except that it was ruined for me by just one night shift front desk that yelled at me and disapproved of my forcing the hotel doors open (I did not know it was supposed to be locked at night and I thought I just wasn鈥檛 pushing hard enough) ..as I walked in, he asked, in reprimand, If I did not see the sign that says something bout the doors? Stupid question. 鈥淲ell I obviously did not see it, I replied. How could one see a signpost that is off the line of vision, a few meters away, inside a glass door at night? But in fairness, all other staff were friendly, courteous and helpful. Whatever the reason, I think it is a terrible mistake to reprimand a customer. And yes, this is the cost of that mistake. If you are a Marketing analyst, the impact of negative reviews should scare you.Location, shlocation.There were homeless, beggars, drunks and just about those that have some sort of business on the gutters. But, you can find them everywhere you go in that downtown area, even at Union Square, so It is not factual to single it out to the hotel鈥檚 location. The hotel is a good few blocks from the main shopping places. It is also a good few blocks where one is better off not to go, but again, so are the other hotels. Prime locations drive prices higher. If you will place MT in the middle of the shopping district, you probably will have to pay double. It鈥檚 my first time in SF and in my impression there was a stark contrast that no less than a single block can separate the luxurious rich from the humbled poor. Such places exist all over the world. I followed an advise not to go to places that I was not sure of and tried not to turn right. There were other budget hotels within scary blocks, of which I was glad I did not book into. But as curiosity is the mother of all discovery鈥nd cause of most deaths for cats, I ventured right once and much experienced the adrenaline rush I was asking for. I did not get mugged or sumthing, just stared at like I was dinner and goes well with ketchup. Overall, I got what I was expecting. A hotel that fit into my budget needs. This is not a hotel that families stay at all day and enjoy the perks 鈥?there are no perks. It is a place where one can watch CNN, sleep, wake up, bathe comfortably and go about their business outside the hotel. If you are paranoid on anything that moves at the streets at night, go somewhere else. It is competitively priced against all other budget hotels within the area, and since I only stayed at 1 other hotel in SF, I cannot really compare it further. But if I do compare it with what Marriot charged and what I got from it, I can say Mark Twain is great deal. Hotels sell location, lodging and services. When you have equally competing lodges and accommodations, it will be down to location and service. Cant do much with location, its a fixed asset. It is then detrimental that hotel staff should understand the importance of service. In this experience, one single event dented an otherwise completely grunt-free stay. Customer Service is very fragile and for that matter, I do not agree in shutting out customers because of their obnoxious behavior; (as was expressed in the Fish n Farm story of the noisy drunk), bothersome or not, the customer deserves more apology than justification. It is not in the merchant鈥檚 best interest to teach customers lessons 鈥?you don鈥檛 do that to gods who can speak your ill and do damage ten folds. It鈥檚 about tactics and good negotiation skills. Tough job, but that鈥檚 what service is about.Finally, I would recommend the hotel for what was worth what I paid for, and for the courtesy of other staff members who apologized in behalf of the rude treatment I got from the night shift guy.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>CAtraveller14
<Content>Might as well just book a room at the Hilton Let me first start off by saying, yes, this hotel is in one of the seedier parts of town. However, anywhere in Downtown SF is going to be somewhat seedy. I booked a room here because they had mentioned that it was recently renovated..... Didn't see much of that. The rooms looked like it just had been re-painted. There were cracks in the molding, an old radiator heater that I've only seen on old TV shows, tiny bathroom, extremely tiny elevator that I wouldn't even take if I was going downstairs. However, the stairs weren't even that much better. Granted, I have somewhat big feet(size 13), but I felt like I could, slip off at any moment (and I wasn't even drinking!) Air circulation was horrible. The windows opened a massive 3 inches to a wonderful view of a brick wall and dark alley. When we checked in, I asked about the wireless internet access. He charged us the 9.95, but forgot to give me the password. Apparently his attention span is only 1 minute. Luckily we were only there for one night. We do not plan to EVER go to this hotel again, and suggest that no one ever stays here unless you've completely run out of options. If I have to give advice, suck up the extra money and stay at the Hilton. The Hilton is EXPONENTIALLY better in every aspect.Once again, DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!!!! It's cheaper for a reason. F@#% THE HOTEL MARK TWAIN  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	2	1	1	2	1	

<Author>penguinbutte
<Content>Hated it!!! Do not, I repeat, do not, stay here! Hotel Mark Twain was HORRIBLE!!! The location was bad but that was not even the worst part. The staff was completely useless and very unhelpful. Small everything: elevators, rooms, stairs, everything! I did not feel comfortable there and it seemed like the staff was only trying to bill as much as they could squeeze from their guests. No amenities or services. Not a very nice room or linens. I simply hated my stay there and I will never stay there again. I do not recommed the hotel; there are plenty of better places to stay in the city. The staff is terrible and the hotel should be embarrassed to keep such employees.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	1	

<Author>Fresno68
<Content>Mark Twain Recommended!! We had just drove in from Fresno CA which is about a 3.5 hr drive to San Francisco. We were very tired and as we checked in the Mark Twain we were greeted with a very warm and professional approach. The staff were expedient in having us checked into our rooms and being that we were so exhausted, the less time we stood in front of the front desk personnel was a major plus in our sleep time!(if you know what I mean) and more relax time! Ive noticed the service was above par and Mark Twain's manager I call him Mr. Jake has treated me and my family with service that I havent seen for a long time. The rates are reasonable and the service-excellent!! ThankYou Mark Twain's manager and staff for making our stay such a pleasant one! You have made a customer for life.Fresno68  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	5	5	

<Author>jacks28
<Content>A Resonable Hotel at a Resonable Rate .They say that the fish restaurant on the ground floor is good but I was unable to get a booking and this, no doubt, evidence of it's popularity. The hotel is clean and the staff were helpful. The room I had was small but reasonably comfortable.I booked the hotel on price, and I encourage visitors to book through the discount shops, I tend to use either 'expedia' or 'hotwire' but there are plenty of others, and got what I expected. Perhaps a little bit more. I have no complaints in terms of th hotel, the location is perhaps not the best, but SF is not a large city and one can either walk, which is fun under the Californian sun, or take transport to wherever you wish to go in the city. It is sufficiently central to be in reach of most places within the heart of the cityExpect not too much and you will be pleasantly surprised.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	3	3	3	4	3	

<Author>holstrav
<Content>Nice Hotel Stayed here on the first night of an Explore trip in the US. Very pleasant hotel. Clean, Comfortable and spacious rooms. Only issue is traffic noise from the street, Very difficult to get a proper night sleep in front facing rooms  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Gwenfaen
<Content>Not good and charges not clear The area is awful - when we arrived a very dishevelled person was throwing up in the next doorway. They charge $25+ per day for parking. There is no breakfast - despite what it said on Hotels.com. We are trying to work out charges which were made on our credit card which were not made clear by the hotel. I would rather stay in a Travellodge or similar than this place. It is also extremely noisy with sirens, music and people shouting outside. They do not provide cots for infants. The staff are unfriendly. Avoid it!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	1	3	1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gregent
<Content>Nice Boutique Hotel - Great Value! I've been to SF many times and usually stayed at one of the 'big name' chain hotels. This time I was more interested in a smaller boutique hotel at a better price. I was not disappointed with my choice.The hotel has a great location, close to Union Sq, the theatre district and Market St. Yes, you'll find homeless people asking for change on your way there, the same ones you'll pass as you come out of the Hilton directly across the street. This is SF; if you want to stay downtown, deal with it.The hotel itself is charming, from the lobby to the small bar at the back. I was surprised how busy yet welcoming it was as I came in one evening.There is only one elevator, so be prepared to wait, or take the stairs. The Mark Twain is an older hotel and preserves some of the orginal charm. I think trying to put in another elevator would ruin that feeling. Once upstairs, the rooms are nicely appointed, if not very large. I didn't come to spend time in the room or bath, so why complain? Everything was clean and orderly when I arrived, and just the same after daily housekeeping. Additionally, all the towels were brand new as of my stay, and there is an environmentally-friendly option to keep the same towels for a multi-day stay. There's no a/c in most rooms, but the ceiling fan worked great, and this was during the hottest week of the summer.The restaurant attached to the hotel was very popular and crowded every night. One night there was even a private function attended by several high ranking Law Enforcement Officers.The staff was ALWAYS friendly and helpful, even when a busload of Italian tourists arrived and filled the lobby. I never felt like I was bothering the front desk staff, and I tend to ask a lot of questions. Special thanks go out to Kevin, the marketing manager, who was more than helpful even with his busy schedule, and to Sean, Maria and Rudolph at the front desk.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>boulderbombshell
<Content>Way Below Expectations Before booking this hotel, I looked through expedia's reviews as well as hotels.com and didn't find any negative reviews, or at least negative enough to keep me from visiting this hotel. It was a really good price, but I wish I had spent more money on a better hotel in a nicer area. Shady was to say the least. Cops frequented the area, mainly because of the homeless population and the type of individuals in the area. The map says it's in Union Square, and it is...on the very edge. It's closer to Tenderloin which is SF's bad area. Inside the hotel: The lobby is nice, but that's as far as it goes. The room was tiny, walls were paper thin, view looked over a scuzzy alley way, and we heard noises all through the night (car alarms, trash trucks, other loud noises outside). The bathroom was gross and cold. The walls were cracked, the carpet was stained (where it actually covered the floor, in our room-the carpet didn't actually go all the way to the wall and showed dirty concrete beneath). The only positive I have to say about the hotel is that the staff was super friendly and made the stay bearable. The house keeping even folded our clothes and placed them on the bed. Parking is pricey: valet only, $28.50/day *they advertise $25 but forget to mention taxes and fees*. Spend a little more and stay in a better area.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	1	1	4	4	1	

<Author>serena2808
<Content>Very impressed. Overall was very impressed with this hotel. We were planning to do a holiday on the West Coast of USA with a lot of travelling around and could only stay 1 night in San Francisco so we were not worried about the quality of our hotel just the location. When we arrived we were so pleasantly surprised, the hotel was so much nicer than we expected. The reception was very attractive and our room was clean and tidy. The location was fantastic and it didnt take us very long to walk to Union Square  Lombard Street. When we arrived in our hire car we were able to find the hotel quite easily too. Unfortunately the view from our room was absolutely terrible, however in a city like San Francisco you dont exactly spend all your time sitting in your room admiring the view, so it didnt really matter to us.The Valet parking was quite expensive too, but then we found all parking in San Francisco to be quite expensive, much like most other large cities in the world. At least with the Valet parking they took your car away at the entrance to the hotel and returned it as soon as you requested it, which was much easier than trapesing around trying to find slightly cheaper parking. I would definately recommend this hotel to friends, it is ideal for a city break.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Tira_20
<Content>Disappointed       Room  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>amz1
<Content>Nice hotel, value for money We have just returned from 5 nights at the Hotel Mark Twain and were pleasantly suprised. The hotel is only 2 blocks from Union Square and at only 拢50 a night there were no complaints from us. Yeh the bathrooms a little small but it's not a problem unless your overweight. When leaving the hotel and heading to Union Square take the next road up and not down as there are a few strange characters hanging around in some areas especially Eddy Street which is 2 blocks down. There are quite alot of homeless people in San Francisco especially in this area but other than asking for spare change they didn't bother us. Don't let it put you off staying here cause its a lovely llittle hotel in a good location.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>splach
<Content>Stay away. Unless you are looking for some CRACK This has to be one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in. The rooms barely fit 2 people, the elevator is decrepit, the location is horrible. Between the drug dealers, prostitutes and bums on the street I would seriously recommend anyone with a family or wife to look some where else. This nehborhood is not family friendly AT ALL.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Opus_8
<Content>Geat Value, Location This hotel was a pleasant surprise for the CHEAP price. Staff was more than helpful, room was spacious and clean, and location was great for downtown.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dev007LA
<Content>Love the new look I really do love the new look they have. Very comfortable looking rooms and a very classic homey feel. They completely redesigned it since the last time I was there and it was a very pleasant surprise. The customer service is also second to none. I've had to rebook, reschedule, and completely drop my stays before and was always greeted with a smile.I only rated it above average because of a very large issue I had with the internet. I'm a sys admin so I needed the internet and every time (3 to be exact) I've have connectivity issues where it will route me other places, give me POOR connections, or just not connect at all. I've tried the Ethernet jack and the wireless and have had no luck with a good connection. Great place, but it's not the best place if you're a hard core internet geek, or you need the net for your job.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	1	

<Author>Snert3
<Content>If You Like the W Hotels, But Your Budget Doesn't, You'll Like the Mark Twain A friend recommended the Mark Twain to me as a great value alternative to the larger hotels. Boy, am I glad I took her advice! The room was small, but clean and recently updated, with some amenities typically found only in more expensive hotels, such as a flat screen TV, ceiling fan, nice wooden hangers not lashed to the closet rail, an in-room safe, and nicer bedding that included a duvet and pretty woolen throws. Happily, the non-smoking room had no trace of smoke smell, unlike other places I have stayed. It was easy walking distance from BART, Union Square, the theater district, cable car lines and lots of good restaurants. The hotel bar was intimate and friendly, serving high quality organic cocktails (yes, organic!). I did not try the neighboring Farm  Field Restaurant, but the menu looked promising (if pricey).A few detracting factors:-Fairly close proximity to the Tenderloin, and the panhandlers and occasional street-level whiffs of urine that go with it. While walking to a nearby restaurant on Geary, I suffered through several, um, compliments from male passers-by. The neighboring Hilton also presumably has this problem, though. Panhandling and lowlifes are really a problem in many parts of the city. SF could learn something from Rudy Giuliani...-Despite the Mark Twain's best efforts at updating, it's still an old building with: single pane windows that let in a lot of street noise, old fashioned steam radiators that worked overtime, even when off, necessitating opening the windows, shower water pressure and temperature that varied, and a tiny, tiny elevator (NYC prewar apartment dwellers will feel right at home)-Wi-fi that cost $10/day (guess I'm spoiled by the free Wi-Fi at other hotels)  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Pinnato
<Content>Good old fashioned style hotel in fog-city downtown This hotel is located in the downtown financial and commercial center of San Francisco, maybe far from the docks and the golden gate, but at a glance to business district, you can walk and appreciate the fog city's skyscrapers and the Italian district is at walking distance. There is also a cable car line station very close, you can see the cable car turning and get in to a pleasant ride passing through Lombard street, to the docks nightlife and touristic area.The hotel hasn't got really any attractive feature... the restaurant is new and quite fashioned, and it has a cheap and really close parking area. The rooms and the passageways are not so fancy... it's clear that this is an old building, somehow reformed and refurbished, we actually didn't find anything that bothered us... it was pretty clean and the personnel was keen on helping for whatever we asked.It is a good solution if you're looking for a cheap solution in a central area (other luxury hotels are located nearby), and a good deal for the money you spend since you're really close to lots of areas of interest. Even if the commercial district is not the main nightlife zone in fog city, we were able to find good bars with live jazz music and lots of restaurants.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>jenjen4280
<Content>Hotel Mark Twain - Great Hotel, Good Location I stayed at the Hotel Mark Twain from July 2007 to January 2008. The staff are friendly and helpful. The rooms themselves are nice- comfy bed, good cable. The hotel is located within an easy walk of Union Square. The Fish  Farm restaurant is located in the hotel lobby (though not affiliated with the hotel). Have dinner at the bar one night. Fantastic food and service. Honestly, I can't recommend it highly enough. I had a great stay at the Mark Twain and will stay there whenever I return to the city for work or vacation.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>okkuriwin
<Content>Hotel is lovely but stay away from the restaurant! A group of us stayed at the Hotel Mark Twain this weekend for the Vikings/49ers game. The hotel is lovely. It has a quaint, European feel. If you're looking for a Four Seasons, you've got the wrong place, but if you're looking for a nice accomodating staff and comfortable beds, this is the place for you.The restaurant, however, is a totally different story. The hotel does not own Fish  Farm so please do not hold the following story against them. One of my friends was in the bar and was very loud, this I freely admit, but the owner came up to the bartender (who was a very kind guy) and said that the entire group was cut off. I had an issue with the fact that the owner couldn't just come in and tell us directly. I agree, my friend was loud. I understand the problem. I had no issue with being cut off (although truthfully, only two people deserved such a thing), I just wanted him to come to me or any member of my group and tell us this directly. When I calmly asked him about this he would not speak to me, he just kept saying You're done. I said I respect that you don't want us in your bar, but could you at least listen to me and he kept cutting me off and saying no. There were no physical altercations, nobody had done anything to warrant being completely dismissed. It was disrespectful and unprofessional and I will never let anybody I know go to that restaurant ever. I'm working on a movie that films there, I have many friends in the entertainment industry who work in San Francisco quite often and I have a friend who is a radio DJ there. None of them will ever frequent this establishment and they are doing me the favor of spreading the word. But don't blame the Mark Twain Hotel as the staff there is wonderful!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dixintex
<Content>Not a nice place I was there for the Nike Marathon in October with 2 other groups of people. The carpets were worn in the older section of the hotel and the whole place needed a paint job. the ONE elevator held about 2 people and their luggage, very small. No Air Conditioning, but they don't seem to mention that anywhere on their website. Dude, the A/C is not just to keep a room cool...it's to circulate the air in the rooms as well!!! If you step outside, you WILL DEFINITELY BE HARRASSED BY STREET PEOPLE! There was one man drinking a beer out of a paper bag and eating something while he leaned against the front of the hotel about 10 feet from the front doorman. I don't have a problem with homeless, but streetpeople are different....they are there hustling in the streets because they want to, not because they have to. In the one-block surrounding the hotel, I saw one prostitute, one schizophrenic (the cameras are watching ALL of us....who owns the cameras? They know...they know..), one hustler selling old newspapers, and about 15-20 'beggars.' The only saving grace was the owner/manager of the new restaurant in the hotel who was dilligent in shoo-ing all these street people away. There was human waste on the sidewalks, fights every night and sirens ALL NIGHT LONG. Bring ear plugs. There is no A/C so you can't drown out the noise. It was a really run down crap hole. Stay at your own risk!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	2	2	

<Author>Lierre
<Content>A very comfortable stay. I'm surprised to see all the negative reviews for this hotel! My husband and I stayed here for two nights at the beginning of October, and had a very pleasant experience. The staff was polite, the valet service was prompt, and our room was clean. I found the bed to be one of the more comfortable that I've slept on. I was especially pleased with the comforter, which was just the right weight and wasn't made out of that awful slippery fabric that plagues most hotels in this price range. Yes, the elevator was small, but it's not like that can really be fixed! And yes, there were some colorful people out on the streets, but I would much rather spend my vacation around locals than crowds of tourists. My husband and I walked all over the city during our trip and I never felt in any danger. We had a nice rooftop view of the surrounding buildings, and the wooden shutters were a good touch. I would definitely stay here again, and would recommed this hotel to anyone who's looking for a place with character. Oh, and one more thing we liked: the Mark Twain quotes etched in the windows on every floor in the stairwell!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>DMC1Colorado
<Content>clean it up Although the service and staff was great and the front of the house was nice. The back of the house was horrible. The room needed painting, it needed new carpet, it was plain gross, the bed linens looked liked theywere never washed. We ran out of hot water two mornings in a row.Clean it up!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Weaglette
<Content>Stay away I've just spent 4 nights at the Hotel Mark Twain, totally without sleep, so this may be somewhat disjointed.1. This hotel is located in a heavy drug neighborhood. There is a center (meth clinic, I suspect) downstairs. There are panhandlers who accoust you every few steps and those who are stoned lying around the sidewalks. Vomit and even feces are on the sidewalk and doorsteps. We were afraid to leave the hotel after dark.2. All night, every night, there are screams, literally blood curdling screams, coming from the street and from the alley my room faced. Women screaming, men yelling [--] all night, other yelling that I couldn't make the words out (thankfully). The police sirens, most of which stopped right outside, kept me awake as well.3. This hotel is heated with steam. Each room has a radiator. The hotel turns the heat on only between 5am and 6 pm. So when I came back to the hotel early (to try to sleep) it was freezing. But when they turn the heat on, the clanking of the radiator and the continual gushing of the steam, provided more reason for no sleep. I asked everyday for someone to fix it - no one did.4. I asked for a 7 am wake up call; it came at 5 am.5. There is one tiny elevator - already discussed. It is filthy. There was a lump under the carpet, I kept wondering if it were a dead rat.I used to love San Francisco but now I don't know if I will ever return.That's all I have right now; I have to get some sleep.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>trigirl81
<Content>Just Okay - Rooms Are Tiny We picked this hotel because of its price and close proximity to Union Square. After reading the other reviews on this site, I got very concerned about staying there, but it really wasn't that bad. There were four of us in the city for the Nike Women's Half Marathon, so we just got one room for the night. The price was $205 a night, which was all that we really wanted to pay for just a bed to sleep in for 8 hours. We opened the door and our first thought was how small the room was. There were two small beds and a bathroom only big enough for one at a time. Bedding desperately needs to be replaced and the place just looks worn and in need of renovation. On top of that, our windows looked out onto nothing.It was a busy weekend, but the front desk was unprepared. It took forever to get someone first to park our car, and then to get it out when we left. Even to ask a question or check in, there was a long line.If you're looking for someplace to crash near Union Square, this place is fine. However, if you plan to spend time in your room, I would really look elsewhere.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	3	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>koko1212
<Content>It was OK       small rooms  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	5	5	2	

<Author>aprilcookie
<Content>Warning: Don't stay here! This is a dump. Spend the extra money to stay at the HIlton. It is really not worth spending your money on this place. I didn't get any sleep since the rooms were so muggy and I couldn't open my window since it was on a fire escape. I almost ate one nights stay to stay at another hotel it was so bad. Definitely not worth a dime. I would say this is a 1-2 star hotel. A Quality Suites or Motel 6 is better!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	3	2	1	

<Author>MetmanSouthend
<Content>OK for price in SF. Booked this one via internet and on price v stars.Its locality is good for trams and shopping.The little cafe next door is first rate and serves top breakfasts.Hotel location is just into poorer areas of SF but experienced no real problems.Hotel rooms were only fair.Beds seemed hard and fittings in bedroom were old and worn.Glowing light switch illuminated room when all lights off and really annoyed me when trying to sleep.My room had a fair amount of cracked and peeling paint.Noise seems to travel in this hotel and doors are not engineered to block out hall lights.Bathroom was fairly small but clean with decent towels.Shower a little difficult to operate but worked well. staff were helpful and friendly with advice .Parking is addtional and $26 per night which is an obvious hidden cost..,  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>horsi04
<Content>Disappointing We were a total of 4 families looking for a hotel in the city close to some of the main sightseeing areas of San Francisco or within close distance to public transportation. We thought we had found it with Mark Twain. However, the hotel itself is in need of upgrading. We knew we were staying in an older hotel, but it was ridiculous. The one and only elevator is small and slow. To just get one family up to their room with their luggage took some effort. It was just me, my husband and my two young kids with our bags and we were crampt in the elevator. The other 3 families had to take more trips because they had teenagers that took more space. Needless to say, just settling in the hotel was a long process. When we opened the door to our room, we were absolutely surprised. Our room was crampt with furniture and the beds. Hardly any room to move around. I question wether the room should have been allowed to hold 2 double beds. The closet was also very small and practically imposible to hold our belongings comfortably. The furniture and the beds were in good condition and comfortable, but the rooms themselves, the hallways, and definitely the elevator has much room for improvement. We were supposed to have stayed here 3 nights, we checked out on our second night and should have done it sooner. Public transportation was not so close to the hotel, specially when walking around with kids and definitely not a place you want to walk around during the night to get to the hotel.-  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	1	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>medusa123
<Content>The Surprise Next Door Not at all what my family and I expected...but there was a surprising eatery next door that made the trip worthwhile. We wanted to look for an affordable place for the weekend and so we stummbled upon Hotel Mark Twain but little did we know that this place was going to be a challenging journey. We asked for a room at the high end level thinking we were going to get a nice view of the city, but we ended up getting a wonderful view of a concrete wall. The ONE elevator that they did have couldn't even accomadate my entire family so we ended up climbing up and down six flights of stairs several times during our stay. The paint job in our room obviously looked like the work of an amateur. They had this border around the wall's features that would glow in the dark, that not only looked tacky from an aesthetic point of view but also disrupted my family's sleep. On the plus side we found a wonderful little cafe with the most delicious breakfast. The portions were enormous, the coffee was piping hot and the service was spectacular. Overall I would not touch Hotel Mark Twain with a 10 foot pole!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>ReadyToGOTraveler
<Content>Old World Charm and Personal Staff The Hotel Mark Twain is a small hotel near Union Square in San Fran. I got an incredibly good rate there after contacting the hotel directly. To be honest, I was a little concerned because the rate was so good but I had never been to or seen the hotel except online. When I arrived, I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel had recently been renovated, and i got a decent sized room with good lighting. The room had a coffee maker etc and, even better, a small refrigerator. The hotel is not fancy in the sense of a Ritz Carlton, but it is small and peresonal and has old world charm to it. It has a lot of character. The staff was amazingly friendly. I spent almost two weeks there, and they knew my name and my room and constantly asked about my trip and so on. They were unbelievably personal about directing me to restaurants and events of my liking in the city. I would happily stay at this hotel again in the future.  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>FreddyFooey
<Content>Wonderful Mark Twain The Mark Twain is centrally located to Union Square, Theatres, downtown shopping and the local Muni system that can take you to all the sites in SF, This hotel has recently been renovated and has comfortable rooms and friendly, helpful staff. the price is right. Can't wait to go back for another get away in our favorite city SF.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kelliearchuletta
<Content>Great customer service The front desk clerk was nice and the hotel seemed to be in the middle of everything.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>snarfy22
<Content>Perfect place to stay! My girlfriend and I stayed at this hotel for a week, and it was the perfect place to stay for our first trip to San Francisco. The room was great as it had a historic feel to it, but also had a flat screen TV and an IPOD player. Our room was cleaned every day regardless of the time we left the room (a couple days pretty late!). The staff was wonderful, they had great information, and were very helpful in helping us book many tourist attractions, including the wine tours. We also received many tips on places to eat, shop and drink. (Ask for Kevin who gave us most of our information!). This was great cause nether of us had been to the area before. The location seemed to be in the center of everything we wanted to do, so we walked just about everywhere we wanted to go. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting San Fran, and when we travel out there again, it is where we are staying.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mophil
<Content>The Mark Twain Is Truly A Taste Of Classic San Francisco! How to describe the Mark Twain Hotel?? Well, I consider the Mark Twain a TRUE San Francisco Classic! We were greeted with a friendly smile and the best customer service we had seen in a long long time! We felt so welcome right from the start! The woman at the front desk was fantastic and I have to also mention that we were lucky enough to meet the Sales Manager, Kevin too! He is truly an asset to the hotel! His love for his city really shows and he exhibits by far, the BEST customer service I have experienced! I have trained many people in customer service and Kevin would be rated the absolute top in the business!The hotel itself has a quaint, lovely atmosphere! It simply showed me that the olde San Francisco class still exists! Our room was wonderful! The room faced Taylor street and yes, we did hear some traffic outside, but that is part of life in the heart of the City! San Francisco pulses with life! After all, the PEOPLE ARE San Francisco! They are its never ending charm! Even the homeless are curtious and if you don't want to give to them, they simply smile and say thank you anyway! We found that from the cab drivers, to the homeless, ALL take pride in their city! So refreshing! If you want complete quiet and solitude, I suggest you take a holiday in the mountains rather than in a great city like San Francisco. Our room was decorated with olde San Francisco Charm and was quite comfortable! Large room and we loved the walk in closet! Big Bathroom as well! Such a deal for the price! The old radiator hissed out tales of the olde City and put out more than enough heat! The Mark Twain is truly an asset to San Francisco, if you want Class, Charm and great Service, than this is the hotel for you! We WILL stay again and again at the Mark Twain! We truly now have left our hearts in San Francisco! At the Hotel Mark Twain, of course!  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>The Mekon
<Content>Not a good location We picked this hotel on the basis of price, so it was our own fault. The bed linen and bath towels were clean. The rooms were dull in decoration, no air conditioning or fans in the rooms. The only ventilation was lifting the window a couple of inches from the bottom, therefore the bathroom ran in condensation. The heating only worked late evening until early morning and the radiator jumped off the floor about an inch. The staff were helpful and polite. The internet facility in the reception area had limited availability. The price we paid was far more than we would have been charged if we booked directly.Once it gets dark, we would not be out, too many homeless people in the doorways and begging for money and food. If we went back to San Francisco, we would stay in the Fishermans Wharf area. The Muni system of bus/tram is excellent at $1.50 per person any distance and transfers are valid too.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>meliri2002
<Content>Better stay at Hilton across the road The service was good. However, the towels were not there, when we checked in ( around 3pm). I have called the reception and have been told that the towels were in the laundry and would be brought to the room in a few hours. When we came back at about 8pm, there were still no towels. After a 2nd phone call, the towels were brought. To crown it all, great location! However, I would recommend to stay at Hilton nearby.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	3	2	3	

<Author>Marco
<Content>Fair value, great location.       Gary !  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>aiae
<Content>Oh dear. Dear, oh dear. Had a suite here for a night in September 06. Insufficient towels, smelly bathroom, indifferent service (no answer to housekeeping or reception for about 10 minutes when trying to solve the towels problem). Recommend avoiding if possible.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>nicolemichelle
<Content>Not impressed...very old I checked in and was very disappointed. The lobby was charming, but I could barely fit my medium-sized suitcase thru the elevator door. The first room I checked into was not attractive, had pipes running on the outsides of the walls and a nasty vent in the bathroom that looked 100 years old. The shower was dingy and small and there was no bathtub. I asked for a nicer room and was less than pleased with the second option. There was no air conditioning and the street noise was too loud to leave the window open. I checked out immediately without even knowing if I would receive a refund and went to the beautiful Hilton across the street. Fortunately they had rooms available and I enjoyed a pleasant slumber in a clean, modernized room.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	-1	-1	

<Author>1sunfish
<Content>get a room Not Facing Taylor Street! The hotel Mark Twain is a boutique hotel situated behind the Hilton Hotel. However, in SF, a block away does make a difference. The room was clean, there is a restaurant on the bottom floor of the hotel, and there is a fitness center off of the lobby. That's the plus side of the Mark Twain.The negative comment? WHATEVER YOU DO, GET A ROOM THAT FACES AWAY FROM TAYLOR STREET! People are yelling outside the hotel until one thirty in the morning. The Hilton deliveries are carried out in front of the Mark Twain, so you hear the garbage truck (and other trucks) roar up at all hours. Also, Greyhound buses are picking up and dropping off passengers on Taylor Street beginning at 5 am. One evening, there seemed to be a drag race taking place out on Taylor Street at about 4 a.m. I am used to some noise. I live near a freeway in Honolulu, so I am no stranger to the sound of traffic. However, I left the Mark Twain exhausted due to lack of sleep. Also, always turn left as you leave the lobby on to the street. After you hit Taylor Street, take your first right onto O'Farrell Street. Otherwise, you will find yourself in a fairly spooky part of town. There are other boutique hotels nearby that are quieter, feel safer and don't cost much more. This is a second choice, rather than a first.  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would not stay here or recommend... Upon returning to San Francisco for our last 2 nights stay we decided to try our luck with the HMT. Firstly i must big up the fantastic breakfast cafe called Taylors next door to this hotel, this was voted one of San Francisco's best breakfast places and the food is next to none! But you have to pay in cash. Anyway, if i'm honest the front desk were polite, knew their info but i would not stay at this hotel again. The price is ok and for the location too is handy but i disliked our room intensely. And we didn't spend hardly any time in our room. The lift is v tiny and extremely slow. Everything from the carpets were v dated too and the decor and even though we got a free viewing of our room before committing i was disappointed. The size of our room was average, dull colours and strange shutters instead of curtains which let in drafts. The bedlinen was old and flimsey, the bathroom ridiculously tiny, and you could see by the paint cracks, mould appearing that alot of remodernising is needed. Also i am a stickler for basic cleanliness and hygiene and noticed, dust dirt in the bathroom under the mirror along the wall. Worse when i picked up a new face towel and found 2 different coloured hairs on it disgusting! The room smelt too probably due to the age of the carpets and hotel, i requested a quiet room and what i got was at 4am every day the full volume of the dustbin truck complete with siren noises disturb my sleep, also the walls are paper thin and i heard the tv, someone on their mobile's conversation as well as them showering or turning on their fawcets. A real disappointment and unfortunately will never recommend or stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quit Your Complaining! I will start by saying that I was a bit concerned booking a stay at this hotel based on prior reviews, although most of them were from October or so 2005. I was meeting a friend from Seattle who had meeting at the Spanish Consulate on Sutter Street, so I needed a hotel in the area that was within walking distance from everything and that is exactly what I got at Hotel Mark Twain. The reason I was concerned is that in addition to myself, my two sons, ages 10 and 3, along with my wife were accompanying me.The location was right on and although it is near the part of town where my buddies and I used to go when we were in high school and college to get in trouble, I felt comfortable and safe the entire stay. I found street parking about three blocks away although it would have been much easier to just use the valet at $30. When walking around I saw other places from $15 to $25. Having lived in downtown Seattle for seven years, the urban streets did not intimidate us. As long as you just walk, mind your own business, and be polite if asked anything, you will have absolutely no problems. There is also a Walgreens one block up, which is convenient as I had a cold and forgot my medicine. There are many restaurants in the area that will certainly please you and the restaurant next to the hotel (I think it it named Taylor Street Cafe) was one of the best breakfast places I have eaten in a while. Beware, it only takes cash though. The Warfield Theatre is only three blocks away only with Union Square.The front desk staff were very nice and I was checked in promptly. The room was good enough for the two day stay. I am not sure why some people are so concerned about the room size and stuff like that. Even though I was there with my kids, I still spent very little time in the room. The bathroom was clean and nice and everything worked like it was supposed to.The elevator was, as reviewed, a little small, but my friend I was meeting, who is European, said that the elevator was actually twice as big as the ones over there. I made a mental note that when I finally do make to to Europe, I will double check the elevator specifications. The only real disappointment was the bar downstairs. I was expecting alittle more night life there, but after dinner when we returned to the hotel, we went to get some drinks and socialize. They had no one there and when someone did arrive, they only had beer and wine. I am a margarita man, so we just went up one block and had a good time. It will not affect my future stay, but if you are thinking of bringing the party back to the hotel, you may be disappointed as well. Check out went just as smooth as check in and within minutes, we were on road back to Sacramento. I will be coming to S.F. about every other month for a weekend and will certainly use this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>9 Days at the Mark Twain SFO My wife and I spent 9 nights at the Mark Twain and found it to be good value for the money.It's an older hotel, and shows its age in places, but it was clean, comfortable, and certainly a very convenient base for looking around SFO. Public transport is close by, and it's a very short walk to Union Square. The staff were excellent to deal with and were always willing to provide advice and assistance.In other reviews I read of security/safety issues. We never felt threatened at any time of the day or night. There are poor folk in the neighbourhood, but any refusal to contribute was accepted with grace.We would certainly stay again.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>3	5	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Colts/Pacers
<Content>Solid Value - European Feel Great value for SF! No, this is not the Hilton. It is the classic old hotel that has been reworked over the years. Rooms/bath are small by midwest american standards but would be right on the mark if you were traveling thru europe. Linen service was great. Rooms were clean. Paint was showing some wear in bath room but crews were busy reworking rooms on our floor. Front desk staff was more than happy to help when asked but were quiet and reserved otherwise. Two blocks from great shopping. Nice little breakfast/lunch place next door. If you want to LIVE in this room you should probably look else where. If you want a room to SLEEP in after a long day of site seeing and shopping, this is the place. And at 1/3 the Hilton price I would return.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TravlinGuy
<Content>Ok, but you can probably do better. The hotel is faily clean with a good location. That's about all that can be said for it. The desk staff ranges from friendly and inept to rude an inept. The standard room (which Hotels books) is hardly big enough for the bed to go into. Upon viewing this room, I asked about an upgrade. They told me that since I'd booked through Hotels, there could be no upgrade. When I was ready to leave, they said they could upgrade me to a Jr. Suite for an additional $75 a night. Add this to the $100 a night I'd already paid, and I'm only $25 away from staying at a really nice hotel, like the Hilton across the street. So, this place is really no bargain.Best part: LocationWorst parts: Front desk staff who really doesn't know ANYTHING. I asked for a spoon one night to eat some hard-packed ice cream, and the front desk clerk REFUSED to give me a spoon. I've never seen a hotel that would refuse a guest such a simple, basic, reasonable request. The elevator is tiny and very slow. If you try to take the stairs, be careful. The stairs are not even big enough to put your whole foot on--a real safety hazard.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Stay Here!! I count booking a room at this hotel among the dumber things I have done in my life, so I attempt to salvage something useful from my experience in the hope that others will learn from my mistake. My story: I arrived in SF on a Friday after spending the latter part of the work week at a conference in Sacramento. I was very tired and looking forward to a good night's rest followed by a pleasant but short stay in SF.The first thing that went wrong had to do with the reservation. I had booked this room over an Internet website specializing in hotels. When I made my reservation I requested a smoking room. Well, lo and behold, when I arrived they had no record of my request and made little effort to mitigate the situation beyond reciting the no guarantees policy as if from rote memorization. I did not make a big deal about it but, mindful of my fatigue and the hotel's noisy location, did ask for a quiet room in the hotel's interior, on an upper floor.The next sign that something was rotten was waiting what seemed like an eternity for the tiny little elevator to arrive. I had to stuff myself in there along with three German tourists. Exiting the elevator on the eighth floor, it was immediately apparent that the owners had invested most of their money in fixing up the lobby. All of the interior was painted a drab, ugly yellow and smelled musty and dusty, with cheap decor reminiscent of a boarding house. Even beyond all this, the room still managed to disappoint. Room was very, very small with paper-thin walls. The people next door (who were smoking up a storm in their room) were watching a movie on the TV at what seemed like full volume, with tire-squealing car chases interspersed with what sounded like orgasmic moans coming through the wall and blaring out into the hotel's interior. There was no air conditioning and hardly any breeze (surprising, considering that it was very windy that day). Windows of the room directly faced windows of a room across the interior. The queen bed was way too short and covered with a cheap, thin spread. There were marks on the walls and stains on the carpet. In the dark and tiny bathroom I could hear my neighbor turning the faucet on and off, and from a vent above the shower I could hear clanging coming up the pipes from the hotel restaurant kitchen.I knew I would hate every minute of staying at the Hotel Mark Twain. Between the noisy neighbors and the stagnant, smelly room I did not believe I would be able to sleep there, either. I went across the street to the Hilton and booked a room for that night (beautiful and clean, with a spectacular East Bay view).I attempted to get a refund for at least one night, to no avail. My feeling is that bait and switch for them is a common and accepted business practice, with no remorse for the guests they disappoint and displease from fraudulent advertising and insufficient accommodations. All staff seemed to be able to do was recite booking policies and tell me that I should have called the hotel directly. I suppose that, from their perspective, you are treated with the contempt you deserve for booking online and thus avoiding paying the full price.I have stayed at boutique hotels before, and I can accept the lack of modern conveniences as part of the experience, as long as standards of quality service and accommodation are maintained. In my experience, the HMT presented all of the inconveniences of a boutique hotel, and none of its advantages. The Hotel Mark Twain is like a tacky, cheap impersonization of it betters (and there are many for nearly the same price, so avoid this one and stay somewhere else).  
<Date>Oct 1, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>gan03
<Content>A Perdect Fit I take note that the negative reviews of this property are from a majority US clientel. As an overseas visitor the Mark Twain met our needs to a tee. If it's the Hilton your looking for walk accross the road. The hotel is not new but has been redecorated to include that old world feel with a mixture of modern tones. Very palatable. Yes the lift is small but then we took the stairs. The room was adequate. Clean, roomy and had all that was required for a four night stay. Well located close to Powell St station and Union Square. For any Aussies travelling to SF, who are not wanting to pay a fortune and are prepared to accept a step back in time without too much of a penalty the Mark Twain is a good choice. We will be return customers.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible - Could not wait for the time to check out!! It was musty, no air conditioner, no wash cloths. Could not wait to check out. Would not recomment it to anyone. The bathroom was tiny only had room for 1 person at a time to be in it. The shower reminded me of one that was in a campsite. Not clean- black mildew around the bottom.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>adrienne1
<Content>A good base This hotel is in a convenient location and made a very good base for seeing San Francisco. Staff were friendly and helpful. Room was nothing special, but was clean and of a good size. The location was fine, but make sure you get there by the most direct route form Union Square (powell street, and then O'Farrell Street. Don't wander into the surrounding Tenderloin district- the extent of homelessness and poverty there is shocking.Overall, very good value for money  
<Date>Aug 13, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Run Away The walls are paper thin and this hotel is far too noisy. This is especially a concern because the hotel borders a rather seedy part of town. The first day we arrived we needed a nap due to a four am flight. We had housekeeping enter our room despite a do not disturb sign to interrupt our much needed sleep. Then we endured the extremely loud conversations of the same staff in the hall as they cleaned. Needless to say we did not get the rest we'd intended. Our night time sleep attempts were interrupted by pimps yelling at prostitutes outside, noisy neighbors, sirens and garbage trucks. I came home from vacation exhausted and determined to steer as many people away from this hotel as possible. Pay more and stay somewhere else, it's not worth the lower price.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Management and Employees refuse to solve your problems and deal dishonestly I chose this Hotel to celebrate my 25th anniversary during my visit to San Francisco and it was a terribel experience.I stayed there for 4 days and during my first day after I went out for a few hours I couldn't open the electronic door of my room. It took sometime before an employee really went to check with me that the electronic door was not working and they had to call an engineer to deal with it.Meanwhile they had to place me in another room, but the thing was - they promised I could get my stuff early in the morning (my bags, my clothes, my passport and documents - everything that I had was in that room), and the in the morning they told me that the engineer had never appeared during the night, but they would call him and then in the afternoon I would be able to go to my room and get my stuff again.Fact, when I returned in the late afternoon - nothing, no one had moved a finger to open my room and allow me to get my stuff. They made a new promise that I would be able to do it by the next morning, but I could see they were not being honest in their talk about trying to solve my problem.New morning.... nothing absolutely done. They had done nothing to open my room.... Worse, in the third evening, I wasn't still able to go to my room, and you can imagine my worry about my passport and documents, and the fact I had not been able to change clothes for more than 2 days. Worse, I couldn't even check-out of this bad hotel to find another one, since they had my passport and clothes with them.Only in the 3rd morning did I find an employee that realized that my problem was indeed serious and deserved immediate attention. I asked to see the manager and see promised to refund my credit card in 2 days (since I had prepaid my stay), but one month passed and the refund never appeared.I politely called to the Hotel and asked for the manager on the phone, and she just hang up on me! What I think makes it all worse is that I realized that my misfortunes were more than just the result of mere laziness and forgetfulness - they were just the normal act of a dishonest and unprofessional management. The Manager definitelly lacks any care or interest in the clients troubles, and deals rudely and dishonestly with them, promising to solve problems that she never intends to deal with.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>BOOSHIE22
<Content>Terrible--Never Again Upon our recent visit to San Francisco for the American Association of Orthodontists Convention we stayed at this hotel. We were very dissatisfied with the hotels service and conditions. The advertising for this hotel is very decieving. The rooms were filthy, there were cobwebs around the ceiling, mold in the corners of the shower, the paint on the walls was falling off. The walls were very dirty. The toilet took 4-5 flushes. One outlet on the wall by the window. To iron you had to stand on the bed. The outlets in the bathroom were on the opposite of the mirror so you had to rest your curling iron or hairdryer on the toilet causing an electrical scare. The carpet was old and worn. There was about an one inch gap under our door. No air conditioning, no hair dryers in the room as it is stated. For being a newly renovated hotel, I think they forgot to do alot. Their elevator has to be the smallest we have ever seen. We were just able to get 2 people with our luggage in it. No more than 4 people could fit in it comfortably (without any luggage). We did ask for the manager, who was not there at that time. She did call us back and leave us a message that had nothing to do with our complaints. We would not recommend this hotel, unless they actually did do some renovations. Also, the walls are paper thin. If your neighbor took a shower the same time you did, be careful of the change in water temperatures. It was not in a very pleasant part of town either. So, if you wanted your window open (no air condiditoning remember), you had to put up with the people yelling outside.  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>bumpintheroad
<Content>Beware of this location   showReview(3471385, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>socallovesnorcal
<Content>I love San Fran- but this was a bummer   showReview(3394238, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location   showReview(3393419, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Old, musty    showReview(3335905, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable but a little noisy   showReview(2832916, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>From booking to checking out there was nothing but hassles   showReview(2800354, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had a good stay.   showReview(2596560, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Eliz128
<Content>Budget price, less than budget accomodations   showReview(2078986, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Graet Budget Hotel for good price   showReview(1271508, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wackyjack
<Content>Stayed there May/03 and had OK stay.   showReview(1148816, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2003
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>CHABELA
<Content>Bien localizado, todo correcto, recomendable   showReview(20005350, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Acceptable   showReview(19645747, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>銈傘亱銇枫倞銈?> 銈傘亱銇枫倞銈?</a> </div>
<Content>銇撱仒銈撱伨銈娿仐銇︺仸銇勩亜   showReview(19535411, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon rapporto prezzo /qualit脿/zona ma attenzione   showReview(19645745, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima scelta   showReview(19645744, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>G眉nstiges Hotel in Super Zentraler Lage   showReview(19645746, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Lage   showReview(18529063, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Lage in Downtown   showReview(18529058, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder, gute lage fuer alle unternehmungen, aber nicht suedlich von marketstr. gehen :-)   showReview(17434091, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Preis/Leistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(17434090, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(17434089, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱仒銈撱伨銈娿仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19171541, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>g眉nstige Lage   showReview(17434087, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Beste lage in SFO   showReview(16588120, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gute Lage und preiswert   showReview(16588119, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>OTTIMO   showReview(16588122, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>non consigliabile   showReview(16588121, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sauberes Hotel in zentraler Lage.   showReview(16588118, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gern wieder   showReview(16588110, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer wieder!   showReview(16588111, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gutes Preis-Leistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(16588109, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>posizione magnifica   showReview(15565302, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien sous tous points de vue   showReview(15565304, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nettes Mittelklassehotell in einer u.E. unsicheren Gegend   showReview(15565301, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Preis/Leistung ok   showReview(15565305, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pour le prix j'y retourne sans h茅siter   showReview(15565303, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr zentrale Lage   showReview(15565300, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel in bester Lage   showReview(15565298, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon rapport qualit茅/Prix/localisation   showReview(15565299, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Claudia326
<Content>Hotel consigliato   showReview(14779121, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel consigliato   showReview(15565296, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Wahl   showReview(15565297, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das n盲chste Mal wieder   showReview(14728709, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>g眉nstiges first Quality Hotel, K眉che bestens, Bar und Service AAA***   showReview(14728708, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>begeistert von dem super Angebot   showReview(14728706, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nettes Hotel,   showReview(14728707, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Preis Leistungsverhaeltnis war okay   showReview(13979100, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nicht begeistert   showReview(13198636, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nel centro della citt脿   showReview(13198635, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr empfehlenswert...   showReview(13198634, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gregori72
<Content>Ottima scelta per visitare Frisco   showReview(12347424, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr empfehlenswert!   showReview(11301054, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Lage in SF 5min zu Fu脽 zum Union Square   showReview(11301053, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gutes Preis,- Leistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(11301052, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hervorragenes Preis-Leistung-Verh盲ltnis   showReview(11301051, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gutes und preiswertes Hotel im Herzen San Francisco's   showReview(11301049, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Grundsaetzlich wieder   showReview(11662559, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>stanza discreta strada rumorosa   showReview(11662557, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Mauvais rapport qualit茅/prix   showReview(11662555, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>kleines hotel direkt downtown   showReview(11662554, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zentrumsnah, in 5 mIn am Union Square   showReview(11662553, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon albergo e ottima posizione   showReview(11301055, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>jederzeit wieder   showReview(11662560, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>juste pour union square   showReview(11662558, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfehlenswert!!!!   showReview(11437006, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel bien situ茅 correct mais sans pretention   showReview(11437005, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien situ茅   showReview(11367511, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel,triste   showReview(11367510, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Saubere 脺bernachtungsm枚glichkeit   showReview(11367509, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11351931, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇瘮杓冪殑鐙亜锛堛偄...   showReview(19928579, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍚嶅墠銇亗銈嬨倛銇嗐伀銉︺儖...   showReview(19925403, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉︺儖銈兂銈广偗銈︺偍銈伀...   showReview(19918449, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

