<Author>Dover23
<Content>Thanksgiving In Phoenix Took advantage of Travel Zoo offer $69.00 a night with full breakfast for Thanksgiving. The hotel is five minutes form the airport off I- 10. We had one king (corner) room and an adjoining room with two queen beds. This arrangement (which I requested) gave my family of four the space equivilant to a suite. The made to order breakfast was one of the highlights of our six night stay. Housekeeping was very respectful and did not come too early in the morning and did a thorough job each day. The Hotel's staff was very friendly and was avialable to answer any questions that we had. My daughter took full advantage of the computers in the Business Center to keep in touch with her friends back home. You will need the use of a car if you stay here because there isn't much around except for other hotels. Overall our stay was very pleasant and I would stay here on future visits.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>chilliker
<Content>Fantastic Staff + Park n Fly Deal is Great We recently spent a night here before a trip to Mexico. We reserved a 'Park and Fly' room. After our three hour drive to Phoenix, all my husband and I were looking for was a friendly face and glass of wine. We received both, happily!One of the main reasons I booked this airport hotel over the others was because of their friendly desk clerk, Travis. I made, canceled and remade our reservations (long story and had nothing to do with the Hilton) and Travis was amiable, funny and helpful every time I called. He rocks.- The rest of the staff was friendly and personable as well.- The room was clean and just what we needed (although we're not fans of the sleep number beds)- The airport shuttle was quick and on-time.Recommended! We will be back...  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>knowjack
<Content>Royal Treatment at the Radisson The attention to service detail was amazing. One call from the airport brought the hotel shuttle to pick me up within the brief time promised. Arrival and check in were smooth. Rooms and other services were as expected but the real quality of service was with the employees. All employees seemed committed to ensuring guest have an enjoyable experience. The organization have been able to hire employees who are happy and caring.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelTucson
<Content>Great place to stay before a flight out What a great place to stay overnight before an early flight out of the PHX airport. The staff is great, shuttle is free and leaves starting at 5 AM. The beds are great - Sleep Number - ooooh so comfortable. Plus the bar is ready with a cold one before you turn in. They let you leave your car too so you save on parking fees.  I will always stay there before a flight out. Plus it would be enjoyable any time as well. Great hotel.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jessiesweigart
<Content>Very Nice! Very friendly staff. Shuttle came in 15 minutes. Driver was talkative and funny. Pool and gym are open 24 hours, which I love. The room was super clean and they had a Sleep Number Bed with about 8 pillows. The driver of the shuttle called the next morning to make sure I got to the airport on time. Snacks available any time in the lobby. Just a nice, clean place with a good staff.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>grram1
<Content>Better than expected Attractive, modern-looking property. Interesting design. Free parking and free wireless internet. Pool open 24 hrs/day! The room was at least 25% larger than a typical standard room. It was clean and comfortable (and had sleep number beds!). Room included a small refrigerator and another sink (sort-of a wet-bar). One negative was a little bit of mold where the grout and granite intersected on the bathtub (by the controls). Another negative was that check-in was a little slow, but they were friendly. Overall a very nice stay, would happily stay again. Location was perfect for catching a D-back's game... it only took about 5-10 minutes to get to/from the stadium.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	3	3	-1	5	

<Author>tampabobl
<Content>Nice but a bit noisy Stayed here one night prior to flying out of Phoenix airport which is closeby. The check-in clerk was extremely courteous and friendly. The hotel was fine except for the band playing in lobby. Since it has an open atrium the music carried all the way to the 5th floor. There are not any restaurants nearby that I could see. We chose to have some bar food at the smallish bar but it was good. I prefer the Radisson Airport North to this one but the bidding website put us here.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>DickandJane
<Content>Staff really came through for us when we needed them We booked this hotel for a one night stay through Hotwire.com. I've been disappointed before with Hotwire rooms, so wasn't sure what to expect. However, I arrived suffering from a bad combination of food poisoning and heat stroke, and the front desk staff could not have been more helpful. They quickly got us checked into a room, they were ready to call a doctor on our behalf, they loaded us up with extra water bottles, and even produced a wheel chair out of nowhere to help me get up to our room. I felt a little silly at that point, but truly could not have managed on my own power - I was just that sick, weak and dizzy.It proved to be a long and difficult night, so I can't say much about the property itself, but it was greatly comforting to know that if we had needed anything else, we were sure the staff would help us out in any way they could. Many thanks to the staff.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>veeRob
<Content>Overly pleased with my stay! I booked this hotel on priceline.com and I was reported to be a 2 1/2 star hotel. After staying there, I'd have to say it was more like a 3 star, and a nice 3 star at that. Nice room with Sleep Number beds, free wi-fi, free coffee in the lobby, and a friendly staff. Combine that with the fact that I paid $36 + tax for a night's stay and I have to give this hotel 4 stars on yelp.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>h_wil1211
<Content>Don't get stuck in a handicapped accessible room! Booked our stay via Hotwire and was initially pleased at the great price. We checked in after a long day of flying and were told that the only available room was a handicapped accessible room. Normally I find these rooms to offer lots more space, without compromising much else. HOWEVER, with the exception of the comfortable bed, this room was a disaster. No bathtub in the bathroom (big problem when you have an 18 month old that is afraid of showering). Worse yet is that the shower consisted of a showerhead. No shower curtain, no partition. In fact, all the water from the shower ends up drenching the entire bathroom floor because the shower area is actually on a raised surface, allowing the water to cascade down and collect all over creation. This could create a dangerous situation for those who actually are handicapped. No counter space in the bathroom. There is a small counter area with zero lighting outside of the bathroom - completely useless. Our toiletries were quite aptly named, seeing that they were placed on the back of the toilet (really nice touch Radisson!). Definitely will not stay again.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>gaham
<Content>Not Good We booked through priceline and got a pretty good rate but there is no way this should be a 3 star from priceline. The lobby is decent and the breakfast buffet was pretty good. However, they put us in a room equipped for a disabled person. The bathroom was terrible, did not seem clean, no bathtub, and no partition between the shower and the rest of the bathroom. That's right not even a shower curtain. It felt like you were taking a shower in a dorm. Water was everywhere, but how could you help it. Avoid.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	2	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>MilwaukeeGrrl
<Content>Clean Hotel, Lovely Grounds, Terrible Staff. The front desk staff was completely unknowledgeable, unenthused about their jobs, and didn't follow through with any promises. We reported the broken bed and sliding door TWICE, and it never got fixed. Checking out took 45 mins because of incorrect billing, and even after all that time, we were STILL charged incorrectly on our credit card, and had to waste more time on the phone trying to fix the errors. The bed was the most uncomfortable thing, since it was uneven and broken (sleep number). A little more competent staff can do an average hotel wonders...instead, the staff alone made this stay one that will prompt me to poorly review the Radisson Phoenix Airport on any travel review site I visit.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>podoho
<Content>OK stayed down at the Phoenix Airport Radisson a couple of weekends ago - for around 100 bucks an night, we got a clean, quiet room - front desk was short-staffed, but she did the best she could to get us checked in as quickly as possible - TV new, sleep number bed as well - The breakfast buffet the next morning was good as well, plenty of scrambled eggs, potatoes, bacon/sausage, pastries, fruit, juices, etc. - compared to what one gets at a Denny's these days, it was a real bargain at around 9 bucks a person - I'll stay there again when I need to stay at a place near the airport -  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>lisa1063
<Content>Front desk clueless, everything else OK We booked thru Priceline for $50 after Con. air cancelled our flight so we had to find somewhere to stay. The web said that shuttle to air only ran from 5:30am. nowhere on the web does it say they they call a cab for you. So I paid for the rental an extra night for transportation to airport which is very close.. HOWEVER, they do call you a cab. When I mentioned this to the front desk they told me I must have looked at the wrong website. I was given a kingsize bed for 3 people when I asked for two beds (I called after booking and was told I had to request at check in) I was told none was available. As I resign myself to sleeping with 3 in a bed, I get to the room to find a sleeper sofa.. they could have mentioned that as it was satisfactory. When I returned the rental car and called for a ride back they couldn't tell me where to meet the van. They call it the blue diamond area. However the airport employees call it door 2 south curb, having never been to the airport it would have been easier to have everyone call it the same thing. They did call a cab which was a town car with a very friendly driver at 4am for us. however, noone was at the front desk for us to check out. We waited 15 minutes for someone to come so we could checkout (we had room service the night before which was delicious and prompt) The hotel and room were clean and perfect for what we needed. The front desk staff were just frustrating after an 8 day vacation in flagstaff I just wanted it to be simple and it wasn't.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	1	4	5	

<Author>Hawaiianwahines
<Content>ok for a layover Stayed here for approx. 8 hours on a layover with my three children and elderly mother. Waited for a shuttle approx. 20 minutes. They hire another company at night to shuttle guests. We were on our way home after a long vacation and had 8 pcs of luggage plus our carry ons. The shuttle driver was nice and helpful. Upon arriving at hotel, I was told this is not a four star hotel by the front desk girl and that guests have to haul their own luggage and laughed about it with the other desk girl! Not a very good attitude. We arrived at 10 pm and the restaurant was closed so, I walked to the next hotel where there was a waffle house in front of it for a take out. Not bad considering. Room was ok. Beds were dbls and comfortable. Definitely only a 3 star. Paid $70 on HOTWIRE. Wouldn't pay more. The night front desk clerk - David was very good and made the difference in the stay.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>MPLSDavid
<Content>Overall good, some problems Stayed for one night, and was generally pleased. We arrived on a late-night flight, so did not check in until about 2am. The front desk clerk was friendly, and the room clean and spacious when we arrived. Unfortunately, when we attempted to go to bed, the sleep number bed would not inflate. After changing rooms at 3am (not really a pleasant thing to have to do), the new bed worked. Once in the new room, called the front desk to request a wake-up call and a late (2pm) check-out. We did not receive our wake-up call, and our late check-out was not documented. Overall impressions: The public areas and rooms have been recently renovated and are attractive and spacious. The rooms are clean. The pool is located next to a freeway offramp, and the deck area around it is very small - not the best experience, but acceptable for an airport hotel. I see that an earlier review also mentioned non-functioning sleep-number beds, I would recommend checking the bed as soon as you arrive. The front desk staff was friendly, if not overly effective.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Fuzzylogik
<Content>Great Hotel near the Airport My wife and I stayed at this hotel last weekend when we had to fly out of the Phoenix Airport at the unGodly hour of 5:30am. The hotel advertised 24-hour shuttle service, which is fairly rare in my experiences (although I do not claim to be an expert). When we checked in, we were informed that the shuttle ran from 5:30am until 10:30pm but that they would call us a cab and pay for it (something else I had never experienced in the past). The cab was a Towncar service.The hotel room was somewhat oddly laid out but was very functional. Radisson recently upgraded all of their rooms to include Sleep Number beds and we found the bed to be comfortable but certainly not the most comfortable I've ever slept on. To be fair, neither my wife nor I sleep well before an early morning flight (probably due to fears of missing the plane) so I'm not sure if we might have been more optimistic about the beds under different circumstances. The room was well appointed and relatively spacious. No one could have found faults with the hotel or the hotel room's cleanliness. Wireless internet service was included as well. The front desk staff was very pleasant and professional. We had a few drinks at the bar but did not try to eat at the on site restaurant.Overall an excellent stay at a recommended hotel.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>travelfrmaz
<Content>Nice Stay My husband, myself, and a young child stayed here the night before our child was flying out of town early the next morning. We had a nice room on the upper floor with a balcony. The view from the balcony wasnt the best but it was neat to leave the curtains open and look outward but not downward. The tv hutch was broken but that was no biggy. The beds were nice and the couch sofa bed was also nice for use. We ate dinner at the restr. in the lobby and the food was good. Margarita's were also very good. We used the shuttle to take our son to the airport and then the shuttle came back to pick my husband and I up and back to the hotel, which meant no parking hassles at the airport or anything. That was nice as it was July 4th weekend and the airport was a complete mess and packed. The front desk service was wonderful as well as the restr. and the shuttle driver. We will stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>thefitzs6
<Content>Definitely a good deal! I named my price of $39 on Priceline and it was accepted. I found out afterward the hotel would be the Radisson Phoenix Airport on University Blvd. Some of the reviews were bad, but I figured for the price it couldn't be THAT bad. My young son and I were traveling to Phoenix for a family get-together and just needed a hotel room for one night. We arrived late during a raging monsoon storm! Yikes! When we got to the Radisson, the night desk clerk (a man) did not look up from his computer screen for what seemed like a long time. I was standing right across from him! Finally he looked up and said do you need something? Uh.... yeah... how about to check in? Duh. After that he was fine. We requested a 2pm checkout (normal is 12 noon) and he said it wouldn't be a problem. We got a room with a king sleep-number bed. We got into the hotel room and tried out the bed. As I tried to lower the number on my side of the bed (with the remote) the thing completely deflated! It was flat as a pancake and wouldn't respond to the remote any longer. But after calling down to the desk we were moved to another room (on the Executive Level - 6). You need a 6th floor key card for the elevator to even go up to that level. That seemed cool and a little more safe. For $39 bucks you can't beat that. The new room was the same layout, not sure why it's executive but whatever. The bed worked great and all was well.The disappointments were: no fridge and no microwave. Those would have helped.The room was clean, the bathroom was clean and nice. I didn't see a problem. They give you a little card to fill out and hang on your door to order room service breakfast (needs to be on door by 1 am), which we did, and it was delivered promptly when we indicated the next morning. They forgot our toast but I called and they brought it right up. It was marginally good. It was nice not to have to get up and shower, get dressed, etc. just to go have breakfast. We were tired.We went swimming later in the pool. No one was out there except one other guest. It was nice. Then we checked out. It took quite a long time being that there was only one desk clerk and two people in front of me. The clerk was very professional and good. She was a woman with a foreign accent - Pakistan or the like. I think her name was Venetia. Very good.The location was good - easy to get to and convenient. The neighborhood is FINE - I didn't understand why some people felt unsafe there.Overall I am very pleased with the Radisson. My sister paid full rate and wasn't quite as pleased (I can understand that!) but for what I paid, it was very nice.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>Grotshops
<Content>OK if you get a good deal We got discount rooms at the Radisson on Hotwire, and it was a good deal for the money. The rooms were comfortable and we enjoyed the pool, hot tub and free use of the internet downstairs. Negatives: the lobby and first floor smell like the bottom of an ashtray, and the restaurant looks like an afterthought. The workout room would have been nice if it had been open. But at $62, we couldn't complain. It isn't really that close to the airport, but there is a shuttle available. Also, if you don't have ground transportation, you may have to take a cab to a restaurant - the hotel is in an office park area; a Waffle House is the only restaurant I saw within walking distance.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>offthewindow
<Content>Perfect AP/Central PHX Location Very nice full service hotel in Central Phoenix/Airport location. Newly remodeled...nice hotel bar/restaurant...no comlplaints...would stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>downey
<Content>lousy service The hotel for a 3 star is just adequate. The front desk employee and the morning breakfast waiter were less than friendly. It is like your bothering them when you ask a simple question. I will not be staying there again.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrific Value! Great Service!! Recently spent several days in Arizona  I Pricelined a Sat/Sun night at the Radisson for $42 a night. Some hotels are a little snippy if you snag a great deal, but the Radisson staff were exceptionally gracious. My room on the 5th of 6 floors was spacious, clean, and lovely beyond expectations. The bathroom was quite large by most hotel standards  the shower had one of those cool curved shower rods that gives a few extra inches of space. Never used one before but I immediately went home and bought two for my house.The mattresses had all been recently upgraded to the Comfort Select Sleep Number Bed. Never used one before either, didn't buy one but it was quite comfortable and fun to play with. Used room service  the delivery was speedy, food hot  a decent value. I was impressed with the range of selection in the menu. Prices are high, but typical for this tier of hotel.As mentioned, not a lot within walking distance. Free parking, free 24 hour business center with two PCs and a printer, 24 hour sundry shop attached to the reception desk, nice seating area by the lobby for quiet conversations, black-out drapes in the rooms and a floor layout that minimizes walk-by traffic headed towards the elevator.I did share my room with a cricket, but this was true of 3 out of 4 hotels I used during my trip. Maybe it's just an added good luck feature or perhaps I traveled during the wrong time of the year. The floor to ceiling, lined drapes  sheers make locating the critters a challenge that just isn't worth it at 3:30 am.I'd definitely try to stay at this location again. Great for business or romantic travel, maybe not so geared for younger children. Very easy access to the I-10 and convenient for the airport, Arizona Mills outlet shopping and Ikea.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice for an airport property We were traveling to the Grand Canyon and decided to stay somewhere close to the airport the night before leaving on our early morning flight. We were pleasantly surprised with the Radisson Phoenix Airport Hotel. The rooms were extremly comfortable and everyone was very nice and helpful answering any questions we may have had. The biggest plus was the airport shuttle. The shuttle picked us up at the airport and brought us back to the hotel which allowed us to get rid of the rental car the night before so we did not have to worry about returning it in the morning before our flight. Mark, the shuttle driver, also offered to drive us to dinner which was very kind. Alot of airport properites we have stayed at in the past, the people were rude and the hotel was very uninviting, but the Radisson was nothing like this and when we return to phoenix area, we will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lyndsyintheusa
<Content>Small but nice I stayed at the Radisson last weekend for a desert getaway. The location was not so great as I did not have a car and the only thing within walking distance is a Waffle House. (I did not think the hotel food was any good) The pool is very small with only a few lounge chairs so it got crowded quick and with people being so close, it wasn't very relaxing. The hotel itself is very clean and the staff was nice. The pillowtop mattress was very comfortable. The elevators broke down while I was there and then when I took the stairs the stairwell on the 1st floor was locked which was a little upsetting. I booked my hotel on Priceline for $50 so overall is was a good value and I got a good nights sleep.  
<Date>May 27, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant stay at Phoenix Airport Radisson I got a room at this hotel by using Priceline and was apprehensive because of the bad reviews. I was expecting the worst, but was instead pleasantly surprised. The renovation seemed completed upon my arrival on 5/6/05. Check in was smooth and easy. The receptionist was very friendly and accommodating. I politely asked for a room with two beds; she complied. She then asked for all our preferences and proceeded to give us the best room still available, with two beds, a balcony, and view of the swimming pool. She even asked if we would like a crib for our baby. This renovated Radisson looks quite nice and 鈥渘ew鈥?both outside and in. The lobby is small but clean and attractive. The elevator has an all-glass back wall overlooking the hotel lobby and small center court. The hallway had a fresh smell and seemed bright; the carpet looked clean and new. Our room was spacious, but more importantly very clean. The room smelled fresh, without any sign of dirt or uncleanliness. It had dark redwood furniture and marble counters, sink, and bathtub. Everything looked new, even the carpet. The room even had free wireless internet access. The only drawback for the room is the bathroom size; it鈥檚 quite small. Overall, we had a very pleasant experience. We got this room for $36/night on Priceline, and it was a steal! I would not hesitate to stay here again in the future.  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Donnel
<Content>Radisson Hotel in Phoenix(Airport) We had a bad week-end stay at this Radisson. We were told when we made reservations that some of the publc rooms were being remodeled and they certainly were. Even the swimming pool was off limits and we were told to go across the street and use another hotel's pool. That was bad news. They were not very busy, yet our room overlooked a busy through street facing West and eight hours of bright, hot sunshine. The room was over-priced and very depressing in decorating aspects. The restaurant's food was ok but extremely over-priced. Every time you asked a question of the staff, they would say they didn't know because they had only been there a week or two weeks. They did tell us to go down the street to the Waffle House which had better and less expensive food. Not a very impressive three day stay.  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Small44444
<Content>Loved the new hotel I travel to phoenix a couple of times a year to visit my ailing Mom. The last time we came, the hotel was completely under construction and we left before even staying there. We returned this year and were pleasantly surprised to find how well the hotel turned out. They completely redid everything. There was even new furniture out by the pool (which my kids enjoyed since it was much to cold to swim where we are from). The new expanded fitness center with all new equipment was a plus for my husband, and I was happy just to have a quite breakfast in my room. Food was wonderful and the staff was very accommodating. We didn't have to worry about a thing the whole time we were there. You must give this hotel a chance...you will be thoroughly satisfied.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sandywoman
<Content>Horrible Stay We checked into a hotel that looks great on the outside but looks terrible on the inside. The floors were dirty as well as the rooms. The smokey smell traveled all throughout - even in the smoke free rooms. The staff were big contributors as well. After just one night - we asked for our money back and left. If you do stay - be careful in the neighborhood surrounding the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fun2Fly
<Content>Cosy hotel at a fair price Nice comfortable hotel in safe convenient location, close to the airport and Interstate. The maid should perhaps have left the aircon unit on - 115F outside means no sleep if its too hot... Really comfortable bed  furnishings. Clean bathroom with great power shower. Pool looked great, and the downstairs bar was well stocked and cosy.It really is nothing like as bad as was made out in other reviews. It is clean and well maintained, staff were polite and friendly. Breakfast ok, nothing to write home about, but a good range of healthy options. The Hotel suited me fine, shop around and you could get a good $39 deal (a bargain). I would definitely stay again next time in PHX.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better off staying under an Interstate Bridge...  Please rank your experience at Radisson Hotels  Resorts 1) If you visited this area in the future, would you stay at this Radisson again? Definitely not 2) Overall, how would you rate your room during your last stay at this Radisson? Much worse than expected 3) For each of the following, please tell us whether it met your expectations. a) Ease of earning Gold Reward Points or airline miles at check-in Yes b) Personal reception you received No c) Cleanliness of the room/bathroom No - PIGSTY d) Guest room decor and furnishings No - 70's Decor e) Accuracy of your reservation Yes f) Employees' ability to resolve problems No g) Employees' enthusiasm No h) Hotel restaurant No i) Room maintenance, including lighting No 5) Your comments are valuable. Is there anything you'd like to share with us? Trip began by being picked up by the Hotel Shuttle. The shuttle driver was very courteous and explained that the shuttle would be available to take us to either the Airport, Shopping Mall or the University area for alternative area to eat. If we needed the shuttle in the morning, he recommended that we reserve the hotel shuttle the night before.Check-in was very easy, however I was disappointed in the decor of the lobby - very dark, old and outdated.Upon entering the room, I immediately noticed a strong musty odor. The room looked like it had only a cursery cleaning from when the last guest checked out. The bathroom floor was SO FILTHY we had to lay towels down on it to cover it up. The carpeting next to the bed (adjacent to the wall) was wet. No room service menu or any other information about the hotel in the room.We decided to grab the shuttle to the Mall to have lunch - however, the front desk advised no shuttle for 3 hours due to a change in shift of drivers. Disappointed, we were forced to eat in the hotel bar...again, very dingy, dark atmosphere - looked like something out of a 70's porno.The following day, the carpet was still wet - room smelled like skunks had slept in it. I had reserved the shuttle at 5:00AM to the airport where I was to have business meetings all day. Upon arriving at the front desk at 4:53AM, the clerk informed me the shuttle had already departed and would not run again for 30 minutes. I had to call a TAXI and barely made it to the airport for my first meeting at 5:30AM. This was one of the reasons I chose the Radisson based upon the early morning time when I would require shuttle service. While I was at my business meeting, I called front desk to advise I would either need to change rooms or would have to check out. The front desk clerk advised she would hold a different room for me, to check with her when I returned that evening.Upon returning, no room was held, but they said they would look for an alternative. In the meantime, the room adjacent to mine was being serviced by maintenance (a leak was discovered, hence the wet carpeting). After two hours of continuous banging noises from the service next door, I called the front desk again stating that I was checking out. At this point, the front desk clerk discovered he had an alternative room for me. I changed rooms - no offer of assistance moving luggage was henceforth.The next morning, much to my surprise my bill included approximately $60 worth of Local Phone Call charges for the Internet useage. I travel on business almost weekly - never have I been charged so much for local phone calls.I checked the room for a Notice to guests regarding the hotel phone policy. There was none. I brought it to the attention of the front desk, he replied We are in the process of making up new flyers for the rooms After much discussion, he reduced the amount of the phone calls to .75 each - still an inconvenience to someone traveling on business where many hotels now offer high speed internet service in the room AND free local calls.I found this property very dirty, deceptive about the phone call policies and shuttle service unreliable. I would not recommend this property to anyone traveling on business. This was my first stay at a Radisson property and will most likely be the last. Not to my surprise, but your Tell Us About Your Stay website does not work either - the Continue button does nothing.   
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>issohio
<Content>Pay a few dollars more and stay somewhere else. Pay a few dollars and stay somewhere else. Staff is friendly and the location is OK, however; the rooms are in serious need of an upgrade. Carpets are very worn and the bathrooms are in bad shape. I would not stay here again. There are 4 or 5 hotels in the same price range that are much nicer and cleaner.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mauidude
<Content>Hotel is fine; restaurant is lousy After reading some negative reviews, I was scared when I found out I'd be staying at this hotel. But it was fine! Yes, the rooms could be helped by some renovation. But my room was large, comfortable, and clean. Other than style (or the absence thereof), I have no complaints.Breakfast at the restaurant, however, was literally inedible. The service was poor, too. Try the nearby Waffle House instead.The free 24-hour airport shuttle offers a lot of convenience.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel Radisson Phoenix has a nice atmosphere including a clean pool and a ultra-modern lobby.Rooms are clean and spacious.A nice, safe place if you need to stay in Phoenix.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇亱銇亱鑹亜銉涖儐銉仹銇椼仧銆?#x201d;   showReview(20753527, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

