<Author>lilly57
<Content>Peace and quiet, perfect location Our first visit to Paris, we chose this hotel after reading the reviews on this site and we were not disappointed. The hotel is clean, staff friendly and helpful. The breakfast was good with a good variety of breads/cereal/fruit to choose from, and a few hot cooked items as well. The room we were given was well furnished and comfortable, although a little small compared to rooms in other cities it was more than big enough for two. The location of the hotel was super, a short walk from the Trocadero with a good selection of restaurants to sample, and close to the Eiffel Tower. We will be back!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jewelSLC
<Content>Lovely hotel in a quiet section in Paris Just returned from a week stay in Paris at the Plaza Tour Eiffel. I usually do not write reviews but the staff were so nice and helpful I thought it was necessary to let others know about this great hotel. The hotel is located about a ten minute walk from the Eiffel Tower and is in a very quiet part of Paris. It is a good break from the crowded streets at many of the city sights. The rooms are very clean and modern. The room we stayed in was a typical Paris hotel room size but it was comfortable and we had a view of the tower from our window. The staff are very helpful and polite. All speak English and do not seem to mind multiple questions and requests. We particularly appraciated Daniel, Mohammad and Sophie. I would definately reccomend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MTNester1957
<Content>Staying with the Residents in Paris This was our first trip to Paris, and we only had 3 days. I wanted to find someplace special that wouldn't cost us our house! After reading the reviews here, I was fairly confident that we had found the right place....and we did. When we visti other countries, we prefer to stay in places that will allow us to experience a piece of native life....the Plaza Tour Eiffel does that. The hotel is located in an upscale residential area. At 8 AM, watch the mothers and fathers walking their children to school; by 10 AM the older women are walking to the markets. If you head towards the Trocadera, you will pass the Thailand and Spanish Embassies. If you head toward Place de Mexico, you'll pass a local bakery, boutiques and fresh fruit market. We spent every evening sipping wine and eating cheeses at the various bistros at the Trocadera which is a few minute walk from the hotel. There are very few tourists there (relatively speaking), and you'll find yourself immersed in French spoken with the speed of the TGV. (Although all the waitstaff spoke fluent english.) The hotel is lovely. The personnel are helpful in every way, taking our bags from the cabbie and to our room. Our plane came in early, and we were at the hotel at 10:30 AM. we fully expected to leave our bags there and check in later. However, they had a room ready for us which was a treat as we had just come in from the States and were fairly fried. Our room was a bit small because we had a corner room over the front door, but it suited us fine. The bathroom was spotless, of a good size and has a good hairdryer in it! The storage is primarily in a wardrobe - and it did fit the clothing of two people with no problem. The bed was extremely comfortable, as were the pillows. We ended up leaving at 6 AM to catch a flight, and they offered to check us out the night before so we wouldn't be delayed, as well as arranged for a taxi which arrived right on time. Overall, it was a great place to stay...I would recommend it to everyone and anyone. Should we ever be able to return to Paris, I shall stay there again. FYI, the Metro is less than a 5 minute walk away, the Eiffel Tower takes 10-15 minutes to stroll, as does the Batabus, The Arc de Triomphe is about 40 minutes to walk to via the Avenue of New York next to the Seine. The cab fare from the airport was about 45 Euros.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>marypicc
<Content>Loved this Hotel - Great Location Stayed here for three night in September with my daughter and niece. The Hotel Staff made us feel so welcome upon arrival andeveryone speaks English. Stayed in the past at several otherHotels in Paris which I would never stay at again. The rooms were very clean and comfortable and the beds wereplush very much like our Wyndham Hotels here in the US.If you needed anything they were at your door immediately. This Hotel is in such a convenient safe area close to all therestaurants in Trocadero and the Eiffel Tower and also the Met. I was going next door to a cafe for coffee each day and beencharged four euros, when the Hotel reminded me coffee is servedthere all day free of charge. The Front Desk Manager Kiran Rangoo was especially helpfulwhen I had computer problems and was always willing to help despite the fact that he was very busy. Will definitely stay there again when I go to Paris.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ballodent
<Content>Look at no other, just order your room! We are a married grown couple who stayed for 3 nights last week. We were charmed right away at our arrival by the heartly welcome from the staff . They are just so naturally pleasant and helpful people! Our content was no less getting into our twin room. Not big, but big enough, well organized, equipped, air conditioned and tidy, and very, very clean. And it kept on being so every day after servicing. The staff seem to be keen on doing their absolute best in their jobs. The double bed was great and kept us sleeping much longer than we had planned. The breakfast was more than sufficient - the home made orange juice is the best we have ever tasted! The hotel is in a quiet street and the location is perfect. We would surely like to come back and we highly recommend this hotel to anybody, however choosy they may be!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FPTC
<Content>Well located, clean, modern  We are a young Australian couple that got engaged during our trip to Paris. We upgraded to a Deluxe room for our stay.Our experience strongly supports the positive comments made by others.The hotel is located in a very clean, quiet and safe part of Paris. A local taxi driver described it as one of the best spots in the city. It is very close to the Eiffel Tower and within walking distance of public transport.The rooms are very clean and modern; they have obviously been refurbished recently. The bed and pillows were the most comfortable we experienced during our entire trip.Best of all, the staff were outstanding. They are very genuine and went out of their way to be helpful. We greatly appreciate their hospitality and would have no hesitation returning.This hotel is highly recommended.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bocagirl12
<Content>Great Quiet Hotel       View from Our room  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>sacoffee
<Content>Definitive Review I guess the title is a little presumptuous but after reading the reviews on TA before we went I think I can help a little more with our review.We went with two other couples to Paris, this is our second trip and the first trip for the other two couples. I travel abroad extensively as part of my job and am accustomed to staying in 4 - 5 star hotels. So when we were looking into this trip I had to consider the other two couples and their spending limits ... so to the web we went. We looked at at least twenty different hotels, going back and forth on cost vs. features, reading every review we could, consulting a travel agent, etc. until we finally settled on the Tour Eiffel.Once the booking was complete I was never really sold as I know what European hotels are like and you typically get what you pay for. The 4-5 star hotels are very expensive but you get the amenities of large bathrooms, comfortable beds, in house resteraunt, room services, etc.Well knowing all this I was expecting the least from the Tour Eiffel, even though the reviews have been good on TA.Anyway, now to the review; we booked the Executive Suite and it is small but with a balcony, view of the Eiffel Tower (top half) we really enjoyed the room. The bed is large and very comfortable, the linens are fresh and crisp and the pillows are full and fluffy.The bath rooms are small. The showers have the half glass partition and it is difficult (no impossible) to take a shower without getting the bathroom all wet. The hot water ran out on me a couple of times during peak shower time (I guess 7-8 am)In other words the rooms are what you would expect for the price and size of this hotel.BUT; the location can not be beat. It is just off the beaten path and you should take a hotel business card with you to tell the cab drivers the address of the hotel. But the Trocedero Circle is about a 5 minute walk with a Metro station and Taxis stand. Right across the street from the circle is the promenade to the Eiffel Tower, about another 5-10 minute walk. We spent a lot of time in this area, laying on the lawn with our brown bags of wine, sandwiches and enjoyed the scenery and weather. The biggest part of this review is to comment on the service of the hotel; the Staff is genuinely friendly, helpful, courteous and professional. They went above and beyond to accommodate us and serve all of our needs. I must especially compliment the front desk staff for this. I bought my wife a dozen roses at a nearby flower shop (Place de Mexico) and as I was walking through the lobby they asked if I need a vase. It was brought to my room promptly with water and sugar for the roses.We asked for wine glasses on one occasions as all three couples met in our room and from then all we had fresh glasses every day.One Saturday night me and the other two men stayed in the lobby until 5 am listening to a College game, they never blinked an eye and kept the bar open for us all night.Anyway, I don't know what else to say to convince someone that this is a great hotel to stay at. If you want creature comforts and 5 star ambiance it is not for you. But if you want to be in the local crowd , close to the Eiffel Tower and receive excellent service then I highly recommend the Tour Effiel.FWIW; we are now at the Intercontinental Le Grand for the last five days of an 11 day trip, the service is not near what it was at this hotel.Other hints; De Vino on Plaza de Mexico is a very good restaurant. Nicolas (wine shop) is off the Place, third street on the left about 100 yds down in a little mall like area. Pataserier is across the hallway for good pastries and sandwiches. The Eiffel Tower restaurant Jules Verne is worth every penny. Normandy is a must see for Americans.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DRMNSTR
<Content>Great service, wonderful location! I booked my boss into this hotel for one night, midway through a whirlwind business tour of Europe. From the reviews I had read it was a reasonably priced property in a good location with very friendly service and I was looking for an oasis in her travels.When my boss checked into the hotel after having spent a few days in back to back meetings in London this is what she had to say.OMG, Room is on tip top floor of front corner with balcony and I can see the tower! The staff practically tripped over themselves in an effort to help me - in a good way. Love this place!Would definitely book her again and recommend it to future colleagues visiting our Paris office.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tom4681
<Content>Lovely small, modern and well placed Paris hotel       View from Cafe near hotel  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>ansh48
<Content>Great location Very clean rooms, loved the L'occitane toiletries! Bit on the small side but central location made up for that. Good breakfast included. Only a couple of minutes walk to the Trocadero - fantastic views of the Eiffel Tower.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>wheeler210
<Content>Couldn't fault this hotel - loved it Just back from a 4 day Paris break at this great hotel. We read lots reviews and were so pleased that we decided to choose this hotel. Stayed in a superior room which was just as described extremely clean and comfortable (clean towels every day and lovely L'Octane toiletries).The staff are v. friendly and helpful no matter what time of day. Had a deal where breakfast was included and it was v.good but not sure that we would have paid the going rate as there are places that are cheaper to eat. Great location just 5mins from metro and the busy Trocadero area that as lively cafes. Metro easy to negotiate and a quick and cheap way to travel, however for a more leisurely trip take the Batbus that travels down the river stopping at the main tourist spots (11Euros for a day ticket).I would recommend this hotel and would definately stay again.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Blue_Zee
<Content>Great Hotel, excellent location Stayed in Paris for a week in this small but very pleasant Hotel, with very friendly and helpful staff.As already mentioned by many the rooms are indeed on the small side but comfortable, well decorated, clean and quiet.And with one of the best hotel beds I have ever slept on.Located in a quiet neighborhood but only a couple of minutes away of the Metro station, several bus stops, Car Rouges included, and nice restaurants.Several must visit reference points within walking distance (Trocad茅ro, Tour Eiffel, even the Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elys茅es).Breakfast was included, but this is the weak point of the Hotel, good enough but expensive and should be improved.Concluding: We will return!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tcyaya
<Content>Lovely little hotel this was a lovely little hotel. my daughter and I stayed here for 5 days. Breakfast was nothing to write home about and a little pricey - but other than that loved everything. Location is great - right around the corner from subway station - very close to the Eiffel Tower. they recommended a little restaurant for dinner - Sgabetti (hoped I spelled that correctly). Could be the best italian food I have ever had. Very close to the hotel - great decor - incredible food. We at there 2 nights we liked it so much. You can't go wrong with this hote or Sgabetti Restaurant!!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>palinscamera
<Content>anniversary weekend in August 2008 I sourced this hotel from this site so felt an obligation to report back. Our tenth wedding anniversary was a short weekend trip to Paris. This hotel was superbly situated for a tourist trip with metro and taxi rank within 3 mins of front door. Off the main thorough fares around Place Trocadero, it was nice to come back to after a day walking around Paris. The staff are very welcoming and helpful (and they were very indulgent of my rusty french).The hotel itself is a nice use of small space, which gives an intimate feel but not at any cost of feeling or looking in any way cheap.Our room was on the 3rd floor and though on the smaller side had been recently redecorated, was very clean, and was very contemporary. Bed was comfortable. There was a TV and comlimentary bottle of water. There was no minibar or kettle but frankly we didn't miss the opportunity to buy overpriced drinks or drink instant coffee.Breakfast was included in our deal (an August promotion) and was like the hotel small but perfectly formed. More than enough to keep you going and obviously pastries and bread were all fresh.Overall if you want a base that is well located, with a modern feel, and staff who trip over themselves to help then the Plaza is ideal.The Plaza does not pretend to be something it isn't but what it does, it does very well.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ivan06
<Content>Excellent hotel in good location       Bathroom  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>frona
<Content>great find This was the second hotel we stayed at whilst on our honeymoon to paris in july of this year. The hotel is ideally situated being very close to the Trocadero area. There are plenty of restuarants about five minutes walk away. The hotel itself is well appointed. The rooms are small, but this is usual for Paris. We really appreiated the air conditioning. The rooms were well decorated and clean as was the bathroom. These were serviced daily by friendly staff who really made an effort to communicate with you, even though they had little or no english. The area was very quiet and we were never distuburbed by either noise from in or outside the hotel. The reception staff were very helpful and the little bar was perfect for a night cap- and not badly priced compared to others. We would certainly recommend it and will use it again, when we return to Paris.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MichaelandLouise
<Content>Nice Hotel Nice hotel, great location, only a few minutes from Trocadero and Eiffel Tower.Well presented rooms though basic rooms are a little on the small side. Polite and helpful staff.Would return.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>MariL
<Content>Dissapointing All Round I was expecting a contemporarty Frech experience, however this could not have been further from the truth. Upon arrival my room was not ready, so I was taken upstairs to be taken back down again and given a glass of tapwater. I was downgraded to give me another room which was small, uncomfortable and badly decorated. The wallpaper was peeling from the walls, the curtains did not match the decor and the bathroom was not clean. There was also significant noise from the street, no mini bar and only one English TV channel (I know this is not why you go to France but I was on business)I was expected to go downstairs to get everything I wanted - even the WiFi key?I was travelling alone and can honestly say I did not feel safe and could hear others through the wall. The locationis good - very central and 5 mins from the Eiffel Tour and underground. The staff were as friendly as they could be given the circumstances. All in all it felt like a travel inn - stay somewhere else!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	3	2	3	2	2	

<Author>JustRuss
<Content>Not Just Three Stars Very generally speaking, I think some hotels are over-rated at this web site. I believe some travelers are so happy to be traveling that less than acceptable hotels are rated highly because of the euphoria that comes with new experience. I am a frequent traveler, doing at least four, two week, holiday trips annually, and Paris is a favorite destination for me.I stayed in this hotel in mid-July and found it delightful. In my opinion, this hotel is exceeds its three star rating. The service was over the top, the room was a great size (considering it is in Paris), and no doubt, it is one of the cleanest hotels I have ever had the pleasure of visiting. Throw a EUR 5 tip to the maid on the first day of your stay and ask for more towels. Sadly, the hotel does not offer a sufficient number of towels if one is to 'cabin in for a day.The bedding 鈥?especially the pillows 鈥?was wonderful. Even though two twins were jammed together, they did not separate. The rooms appear to be sound-proof as we heard none of the neighbors and none, it appears, complained about us. The toiletries are top notch, the staff is much more than accommodating, and the neighborhood is quite acceptable to me considering I remain situationally aware due to my frequent travels to even more frequently, unfriendly destinations.There is a modest tabac just across the street for coffee and small necessities and a wonderful boulangerie just around the corner offering lovely croissants, beautiful tarts, and pastries. The Trocadero is close by as well with many tourist trap cafes which are generally unremarkable. The Caf茅 de l'Homme, located in the Mus茅e de l'Homme (in the Trocadero's winged Palais de Chaillot) offers one of the most appealing views of the city I can possibly imagine. It is simply spectacular. The cafe is open into the later hours, so one can view the lights of la Tour d鈥橢iffel and in the warm summer night. It was very romantic. The food was not particularly interesting.The hotel bar is small to non-existent and was not appealing. We didn鈥檛 try the breakfast because we keep unusually late hours. There is room service available for breakfast or, one may choose to visit the dining room. I understand a petit dejeuner is offered as well, but we never partook of the fare as we were seldom awake before 2:00 PM. If one decides to order a bottle of Champagne, the service is unusually prompt and the price is quite reasonable, considering one is ordering room service at a Paris hotel.Except for Hilton, I prefer boutique hotels to the larger chains. This place will not disappoint if you prefer personalized service at a very reasonable price.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>duke_clar
<Content>Nothing Special With Significant Downsides Located near the Trocadero in a supposedly nice neighbour. The surronding area is the one of the dirtiest place (garbage out, etc.).really dirty.The hotel is claustrophobic in general:rooms: extremely small (a lot smaller that you would guess) you wont know where to put your suitcase, let alone store it.bathroom: even smaller although finishes are ok and modern. but you will suffocate.bed: ok not too softcleanliness: average to poor in details (bathroom walls not very clean for instance)soundproof: poor. you will hear neighbours.service: kind on average (although they tried to arrange me with their private cab driver. and of course it was more expensive than regular cabs)there's a smallish room with training equipment (would not call it a gym).all in all: dont stay  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	2	-1	2	

<Author>starySwitzerland
<Content>Ecellente, the place to stay in Paris My wife and myself stayed in the hotel for 2 nights. Everything was really great, the welcome, the room, the service etc. And also the location was great, quiet in the nights but close to everything you need to see in Parsi. When we go to Paris again, this will be definitive the place we will book again !  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>fubarinkent
<Content>Great but.... I stayed here on Valentines with my girlfriend (yuk I know!) for 2 nights following the excellent reviews previously. We took 1st class Eurostar from Ashford and then the tube to the hotel which was very easy to work out. The hotel was much smaller than I imagined but very nice. We were welcomed by warm staff whom were very helpful with the room, maps etc.Our room was a deluxe room and had a small balcony. It was quite cosy to be honest (i dont think any of the rooms in this hotel would have been of any great size) but very clean.The hotel overal was great for a short stay but fairly expensive and the euro exchange didnt help. I think a Gin and Tonic cost around 拢8. We did not eat in the hotel and options are better outside.Having said that the hotel is superbly situated and there are ample bars and restaurants around. The Tour Eiffel is 5 minutes walk and The Arc de Triumph is only 15 minutes. In addition the hotel sits in a very posh boutique area with lovely shops...at a lovely price!Overal a fantastic weekend at a big price, but highly recommended and I would certainly look no further than this hotel for a short stay.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>daniel_chung11
<Content>Nice location I book this hotel through www.tramazing.comable to find the best and cheapest rate compare to others. Hotel is in good location, clean rooms, overall is good  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>holidayfever
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We booked this hotel because of it's location and the excellent reviews on tripadvisor. We certainly weren't disappointed. Yes the location is ideal as it's near the Eiffel Tower and Trocadero. There are a good selection of cafes and restaurants nearby so it isn't too far to wander back to the hotel after a pleasant evening eating and drinking.The hotel is more than worthy of it's 4* rating. Although the rooms are small (who spends a lot of time in their room in Paris anyway?) they are extremely comfortable. Breakfast is plentiful with the usual foods you get with continental breakfast as well as scrambled eggs and ham.The staff are really fantastic. Nothing is too much trouble. They are extremely polite and helpful. Drinks in the hotel are expensive but remember you are in the centre of Paris!We cannot recommend the hotel enough and would not hesitate to stay there again when we next visit this wonderful city.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>cnixon1984
<Content>Perfect hotel in a great location Very clean modern rooms, quiet at night, great location, pleasent and helpful staff who speak perfect English. We will definately go back again. We stayed two nights in this hotel due to it's location near Eiffel Tower and the Metro System. The staff was always on hand to advise us on how to get to places around Paris in perfect english.Our room was a bit small but very clean and were very comfortable.We will be returning to this hotel again because we was treated so well.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pinky80
<Content>Loved it! We stayed in the Plaza Tour Eiffel for two nights at the beginning of March and fell in love with the place. We booked our room through the hotel website directly and prior to arrival were emailed special offers available at the time we were staying which the staff very courteously updated our booking to. We ended up staying in a deluxe room with a view of the Eiffel Tour and breakfast in bed for half the price. Upon arrival at the hotel we were warmly welcomed by staff who had very enthusiastic suggestions for dinner (and a great help the next morning with directions and sight seeing suggestions!). This hotel is a gem, 5 mintres walking distance to Plaza du Trocadero and easy access to all of Paris. Would stay here in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>BVThomps
<Content>Amazing romantic vacation - this hotel made all the difference My travel agent suggested this property as I specified I wanted to be close to the Eiffel Tower, and this hotel in an exclusive residential area really fit the bill! The rooms were clean, the bathroom immaculate and the breakfast is well worth it. We arrived on May 11, 2008 and stayed 5 nights in a Deluxe Room. The area was very quiet in the evenings, which made it perfect for our early morning tours. We were within a 10-15 minute walk to the Eiffel Tower, and a 20 minute walk to the Arch de Triumph and Champs Elysees, so our location was ideal for us. Also, the Metro Station, Trocadero, specifically lines 6 and 9, were perfect when we wanted to go into other sections of Paris and see the touristy sights, then come back to our cozy room and relax at night. There is a perfect cafe just a few steps away from the metro - Cafe du Trocadero. You can have an excellent meal in the evenings, and from their outdoor tables you have a clear view of the Eiffel Tower lit up in the evenings and you can stay as long as you like - the waiters don't rush you out. We ate there twice and both times enjoyed watching the Eiffel Tower sparkle like a Christmas tree in the late hours. The front desk staff at the hotel are extremely pleasant and helpful. The fitness room is available throughout the day and is well equipped in my opinion as well as well maintained. Also, there is water available there and we helped ourselves to refilling our water bottles just before leaving on our scheduled day trips or sightseeing. For breakfast, there is a hot buffet available and it is refreshed regularly up until about 20 minutes before closing. There is also an excellent selection of juices, pastries and cereals as well as yogurt and fresh fruit, so every appetite is taken care of. The breakfast staff will provide coffee, tea or hot cocoa and the breakfast room is very clean and the table linens and assorted pictures of the Eiffel Tower bring elegance to the overall room design. The deluxe room is a good size and typical of European hotels. There are no drawers, but they do offer several shelves and when we requested more hangers for our clothes the front desk staff responded politely and promptly. Our hairdryer was not working in the room, and a replacement hair dryer was brought to us within minutes! I simply cannot complain about this hotel. They even offer room service late into the evening. The prices are consistent with local restaurants in the area, so if you have sticker shock over the Euro, I suggest that you budget accordingly and accept the fact that it will take nearly two US dollars for every Euro you spend. As far as this hotel is concerned, I would definitely recommend it to other guests. In fact, when we stayed it was quite crowded with guests, both American and European. It seems to be a well kept secret for great Parisian hotels, and I can see why. My husband and I loved Paris, and plan to stay here again on our next visit.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>warproder
<Content>Good for a Getaway!  Hotel staff were eager to please  Rooms have been recently refurbished in a contemporary style and are very clean. Like most Paris rooms they are not large Hotel and street are quite Beds and linens are very comfortableAll and all this hotel is a great place to stay during a weekend trip to Paris.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Batter22
<Content>Great Hotel My wife and I and our 7 year old grandson just returned from a trip to Paris, and we stayed at this excellent hotel. It is one of the best hotels that I have ever stayed in, with a very friendly and helpful staff.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dskeeles
<Content>Very pleasant little hotel       Room  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>tanner.smith
<Content>what a team We stayed here for 3 days with our 8 year old daughter. I am the fussiest hotel stayer in the world and this hotel exceeded all my expectations for the centre of Paris.The hotel in all areas was very very clean. The room was excellent with a small but perfect bathroom. The view from the window was of a small quaint paris street. The breakfast was super.For me what set this hotel apart from the usual very expensive 5 star all singing all dancing hotels was the staff. They could not have been friendlier or more helpful. NOTHING was too much trouble.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HepburnHoliday
<Content>Top Drawer Hotel Recently, my wife, young daughter, and I went to Paris to celebrate our wedding anniversary followed up by my daughter's 2nd birthday.When we got to the hotel, the first impressions were good. The staff were very welcoming and talkative, speaking english when our french fell down (although, I believe they would have spoken english freely without any of our efforts at french!).After a hitch-free check-in, we went up to our room, but on entering, there was no sign of the cot we had ordered through the website we booked on. We phoned down to reception and they said they would be up with the bags in a few minutes.So they arrived and we tried to explain about the cot situation. They were understanding and phoned through to someone, who turned out to be the manager, whose name was on the booking print-out we had.The first member of staff said that he had spoken to his superior and that maybe we'd be better in a larger room, as the room we were supposed to be in would have been fine for my wife and I, but seemed too small for the three of us. Still, the room was clean, and the bathroom was in excellent condition, so we were prepared to make the best of it.The staff member phoned his manager again to discuss the extra cost of moving us to a new room. It transpired that for the time we'd be there it would cost us around an extra 300 euros - after he saw our expression, he spoke in rapid-fire french to the manager - they would put us into a much bigger room at no extra charge. Excellent service.The new room was just down the hall, on the same floor: the two staff members took the cases over for us, and came back to set up the cot.There was ample space in the new room, with a large double bed (kingsize), and plenty of space for the cot to go in beside us, so that we could keep an eye on our child overnight.The wardrobe was a good size, and the bathroom much larger than the last one, but equally as clean. We were very impressed.Overnight heat can be a problem (as some reviewers have mentioned before on this website). The best solution, we found, was to turn the air-con down to 17 degrees when leaving the room, and it meant that the temperature at night was much more tolerable, and in fact, comfortable (after that first night of trial-and-error!)For the rest of the stay, the morning staff, and the evening staff (who'd been on at the time of our arrival) couldn't have been more friendly and genuinely nice to us, including offering us an umbrella when there was a short spell of rain one morning.We liked them so much that we got a couple of pictures of our daughter being held by them, and the fact we had a talkative (and typically unpredictable) toddler bothered them not a bit!The only thing to watch for if you're wanting to stay here with a little one is that (at the time we stayed there) they didn't have any kind of baby seat (high-chair) in the breakfast room, however we bought a brilliant wrap-around invention for toddlers to sit in on an ordinary chair in a shop called Monoprix, of which there are quite a few in Paris (check out their website for their locations).I addition, the hotel is located in an excellent area. It's on a quiet street within five minutes (thankfully, especially on the return from a long day out!) of the metro station, Trocadero, and is very close to brilliant views of the Eifel Tower.If you feel so inclined, you could easily walk to the Champs Elysees from the hotel within half-an-hour (stopping for window shopping as you go!) - there are small, individually-owned shops all around the area of the hotel (including bakeries!)I would recommend this hotel for couples and families without any reservations. The fact the hotel was great just added to a really enjoyable experience.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Alpouvar
<Content>Great time, great hotel       Zimmer 2  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>diddydaddydoddy
<Content>Excellent base for and excellent break I whisked my wife over to Paris as a surprise 40th birthday gift - and boy was she pleased - her first time to Paris.I chose the hotel based on a number of factors - reviews found on this site, closeness to the Eiffel Tower, Seine, Arc de Triomphe etc, cost and style of hotel.And we weren't disappointed when we arrived at a about 8pm. The hotel is to be found on a corner in a quiet residential area. Literally a 5 minute walk and you are in direct view of the Eiffel Tower glittering in the the evening with its sparkling light display. (10-15 minute walk and you are underneath it!).Staff were very polite, spoke good english and nothing was a problem for them. The hotel was simple yet stylish and very clean. Our room was on the 4th floor, was small (apparently typical of Paris) but excellent nonetheless. Breakfast was great too and again staff were friendly and helpful.I would have no hesitation in returning to the hotel and recommending it to anybody. First Class all the way!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rainebone
<Content>excellent Having just come back from 3 days 2 nights at the hotel plaza tour eiffel would just like to say how excellent our stay was.The room was clean, warm and excellent. The staff were wonderful and friendly and always there to help. Would highly recommend The Butte Chaillot a 5 min walk for dinner.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MDG534621
<Content>Fantastic Chic Hotel       Great Windows  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>whizbop
<Content>Quiet and Romantic       Clean modern bathroom with one door on the shower.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Lynn&Terry
<Content>Absolutely wonderful Valentines treat Have just returned from a four day stay at this hotel. This was a Valentines gift from my partner and he couldn't have chosen better. We travelled by Eurostar (very quick and easy) with short taxi ride from Gard du Nord to hotel. On arrival the concierge came outside immediately and took our bag from the taxi and made us very welcome. Our room was ready (although we were early) and when we requested a good place to eat that evening the concierge gave us a choice of four and booked a table for the evening (as it was Valentines night). In our room was a hollow chocolate heart containing chocolates and a Happy Valentines note from the hotel. All the staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful. The hotel was only a few minutes walk from Trocadero (where we had breakfast each morning - overlooking the Eiffel Tower). The Metro was close and easy to get around the city. Hotel close to Eiffel Tower and Seine - lovely walks and views. Rooms extremely modern and clean but (as mentioned by others) very small. Ours had a view of the Eiffel Tower (top) which was quite romantic. Couldn't fault anything about the Hotel, the staff or Paris. Make sure you go to Montmartre - it was great !  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dss321ku
<Content>OK but not sure what all the fuss is about Top 5 recommendation by Trip Advisor is usually good enough for us, but this time we were not so impressed as we have been in the past.We weren't particularly dissapointed by this hotel, but we were not particularly enthused by it. Very small rooms even by Paris standards. No Public space worth talking about. Small Breakfast room. Good location if you want to see Eiffel Tower but 10 to 15 minute walk required to get good selection of restaurants, although there are a few closer. Maybe we have just forgotten how different Paris Hotels are generally, and our expectations were too great.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>BillyPinky
<Content>Great Hotel       bedroom  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mj246
<Content>Lovely modern hotel with really friendly staff I chose this hotel based on previous reviews and it did live up to our expectations. The hotel is fairly small, boutique-y and very modern. There is no bar as such, you just order your drinks at the end of the reception desk. There is however a small lounge area where you can sit and have a drink. Our deluxe room was great - spacious, nicely furnished and spotlessly clean with a very modern and clean white bathroom. (In fact, the whole hotel is pristine). We had an enormous comfy bed with fluffy pillows and white duvet. There isn't a mini bar or kettle in the room but you can order anything you want from downstairs. We didn't have any problems at all with the staff or room service, in fact we found everyone to be VERY friendly and polite. The area itself is quite quiet, residential really but you can walk to some nice restaurants (Stella, Kiosque (sp?), Cafe de Trocadero, Cafe Rouge). The hotel is about 10 mins walk from the Eiffel Tower over the Seine, 5 mins from Trocadero with cafes (and view of Eiffel Tower) and a good place to catch tourist buses. We used the Metro which is really easy and also the tourist buses which you can hop on and off. Paris is a wonderful city and if you want a lovely hotel in a nice area within striking distance of the Eiffel Tower then book this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>XPatVisitor
<Content>Nice hotel, a few issues We spent four nights at this hotel. We chose it on the basis of all the great reviews on TripAdvisor - I've found this to be a reliable way to choose hotels around Europe.The Plaza Tour Eiffel is well-positioned, very smart, and clean. The bedrooms are comfortable, well designed, modern, and the plasma screen TV was great. The staff were mostly fine (not outstanding) except on the first night. We arrived pretty late after a long journey. I checked the menu - room service until 2.30am. So I called down as it was around midnight. The reply I got was: If you want a drink, you'll have to come down here and get it - I'm not coming up to the rooms. To me this is unacceptable. If there was some legitimate reason that room service was not available that night, an apology for this, and a suggestion that i collect something from downstairs myself would have been no problem. The other issue was that our room was like a sauna. The hotel staff tried to fix this when we brought this to their attention. It was not fixed so we lived with it for the whole stay. Despite it being January, we had to sleep with the windows wide open which makes it very noisy in the middle of Paris! Overall I was disappointed (and insulted!) compared with many great stays at other hotels across Europe and the USA. I would personally not stay here again - especially given the pretty high price we paid ~210 Euros per night.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	5	2	2	3	

<Author>NUTTYNAI
<Content>Amazing Paris hotel perfect for a romantic weekend away! We stayed here with two other couples the weekend of 5th Jan 2008 and absolutely loved it! First of all, the hotel is very clean - rooms immaculate and beautifully decorated. They are pretty average sized rooms and are finished to an exceptional standard. The hotel has a lovely feel to it, stylish but very personal and friendly.The hotel has character, something we were looking for (didn't want to stay in a boring corporate hotel where you could have been anywhere in the world!) and is a short 2 minute walk away from an amazing view of the Eiffel Tower. Also something to mention, it's in a lovely neighbourhood and I always felt safe (important for any ladies out there!!). Close by is the a metro line (Trocedro) where the whole of Paris is placed at your feet. The staff were really friendly and helpful, couldn't fault them, breakfast buffet also very nice. If you've booked the Plaza Tour Eiffel, you won't be disappointed. We will definitely return to Paris and without a doubt will stay at Plaza Tour Eiffel again! Can't recommend it enough!!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Schleins Girl
<Content>Nice stay at the Plaza. Stayed at the Plaza Tour Eiffel for the New Years. Booked at deluxe room with two double beds, but i think i got a standard room with one (very large) bed. It was not deluxe in any way. But the hotel was lovely. Absolutely lovely. Small hand written notes from the manager, lots of delicate, complimentary chokolate fighting with the new-year-resolution-diet, a super clean room and bathroom (that maid could get a job at my house anytime), everything was lovely.We had the breakfast buffet once, and it was very nice. 15 euros pr. person.The hotel is very close to the Eiffel Tower. It took us 5 minutes to walk to the Trocadero, where we had a fantastic view. It will take you about 15 minutes to go to the tower. Lots of lovely cafees at the Trocadero as well, and if you walk down Avenue Kleber, you will be at Champs Elysee in 15 minutes.All in all, a a nice place to stay.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Yojadi
<Content>Extreme Pleasant Surprise This is a great hotel for no-nonsense travelers. Everything that is important has a comfortable feel : the beds and the bathrooms. The room itself is small, however that is par for the course in Paris; the rooms are also spotless. The staff are very welcoming and hospitable. The hotel is situated in a quiet neighborhood within a stone's throw of the hoopla. As well, the Trocadero metro station is a 2 minute walk. I could see th top of the Eiffel tower from my window, what a sight to wake up to. All in all, I was very satisfied and honestly don't believe that I could have done any better for the same euros; definitely will stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	3	

<Author>HETHERS
<Content>a perfect paris hotel We were going to paris for the fisrt time and it was our hooneymoon so the hotel made a big part of our trip. The hotel was amazing the staff were so friendly and willing to help with no problems from them what so ever. The rooms were large and wonderfully decorated with amazing bathrooms and clean to the top standards. On christmas day our Hair dryer stoped working when I had wet hair and they had fixed the problem within minutes of phoning down to reception which is super service in my eyes. we will be back to paris and will only be staying here. a perfect hotel for a perfect honneymoon. Oh you must try the cake shop next door. Cake like you have never tasted before!.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PhotoRun
<Content>Fabulous Paris Hotel! My husband and I wanted a little getaway before Christmas so we decided on Paris. We were looking for a reasonably priced, little hotel that had non-smoking rooms and was fairly central located, but not on a busy street. This hotel was perfect for meeting all of our criteria. We arrived in the afternoon on Tues. 11-Dec and checked out on Sun. 16-Dec. We booked our room online where we found they were offering a winter special rate - we paid apprx 950 Euros for 5 nights, which we felt was a good rate. The hotel is located in the Trocadero area which an affluent, primarily residential area which is very quite and within walking distance from the Tour de Eiffel. The hotel staff were absolutely fabulous! They were very welcoming and helpful....cannot say enough good things about them.The entire hotel has been refurbished in 2006 and is all non-smoking. Additionally it has air-conditioning for the summer months. Our room was modern, well appointed, and good size by European standards. The comfort of the bed was acceptable (definitely not the Heavenly Bed at the Westin) - would have given 5 stars if the bed was fabulous. The bathroom was new and clean. They provide you with L'Occitane en Provence products (shampoo, conditioner, soap, and body lotion). There is a flat panel TV in the room and their cable service offers two English speaking channels 鈥?CNN for news and a general BBC channel with various prgms.The hotel has a restaurant for breakfast 鈥?14 Euros per person. We tried their buffet once and it was ok and suitable if you are short on time and require breakfast in the hotel before you leave. They offered the usual breads, cold meats, pastries, yoghurt, fresh whole fruit (e.g. apples, oranges) and canned fruit (e.g. pineapple). They also offered scrambled eggs and bacon. We had much better breakfasts from cafes in the area 鈥?much better value for money as well. Overall this is a wonderful little hotel and we would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AlnMeg
<Content>Great customer service and superb location I booked this hotel as a surprise weekend and chose the PTE based on the previous reviews. We arrived fairly late on a Thursday evening and wanted to head straight out for a few drinks. The very funny  friendly night porter gave us easy directions to a square at the Trocadero where there were a few cafe-bars to choose from. We stopped at the first, being very thirsty, and it couldn't have been more spectacular with a superb view of the Eiffel Tower; we had a wonderful evening there.The hotel itself is incredibly stylish, very clean and as per previous reviews, the staff were extermely helpful.The beds are amazingly comfortable and, being away from our kids for the weekend, we slept like logs. Can't comment on the breakfast because we never made it down in time but i can imagine it is as good as others have described it.The location is great with a 5 minute walk to the metro and a taxi rank.Some tips for places to eat or drink:- Cocktails at the George V hotel; expensive but an experience not to be missed- Dinner at Alcazar (in the St. Germaine district); fantastic atmosphere and foodCan't wait to come back Paris and this hotel but I reckon with all these glowing reviews it will become a very popular destination.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>adrmannyc
<Content>We'll definitely be back The PTE is an extremely comfortable hotel. The rooms were large by Parisian standards and the staff could not have been more helpful. Free wifi is an added bonus. I also noted that tripadvisor has the hotel listed as a 3*, but in fact it is a 4*. This was the first time we stayed in the 16th and we really liked the location. On previous visits, we've stayed in the 4th, 5th, 6th and 7th. This will be home base for our future ones.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JLAnnie
<Content>Wonderful Hotel This is a small boutique hotel in Paris. It is beautiful, contemporary and completely new due to a recent renovation. The rooms were large by Paris standards. We liked the bed pillows so much that when we returned to the US by husband had me run out to Bloomingdales to purchase some for ourselves. We were so comfortable at this hotel and the staff treated us like their family. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone. There also is a small cafe right across the street from the hotel's front door that has a small dining room upstairs, very French, with the best food we had in Paris. They only serve lunch, so get there for it. . . not to be missed.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LaurelOakGolfer
<Content>Best Hotel Ever! The Plaza Tour Eiffel is a wonderful hotel. My husband and I have both travelled extensively for many years, both for vacation and for business. We have never stayed at a hotel anywhere that provided better customer service than we experienced at The Plaza Tour Eiffel. The room was very comfortable, although small, but this in no way detracted from our very pleasant four night stay .The hotel staff went out of their way to help us by making reservations for local sightseeing events, helped us to get connected into the Internet, and in general were always available to cheerfully assist us and make us comfortable. We loved the hotel and Paris. The people were friendly everywhere we went. We will gladly recommend this hotel to friends and would not consider staying anywhere else when we return to Paris in the future. We love Paris and the Plaza Tour Eiffel!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BigBadT1888
<Content>Great Hotel Great Location all over Excellent We stayed for two nights and have to say for the price of the hotel it was excellent , I have paid a lot more for hotels that are not up to much , but I have to say the Plaza Tour Eiffel was fab. Nice rooms and very excellent staff they could not do enough for you and nothing was a problem. And with the location no more than 5 minute walk to the Eiffel Tower itself. Mertro station near by which takes you to all the other sites and sounds of Paris. All in all excellent place to stay for a night or even long weekend for shows and shopping . A little more on the staff , we had a problem with the taxi service going back to the airport and the reception staff phoned the firm back within straight away for us and got it all sorted out , just little things like that , that makesyour stay more relaxing , what a holiday should be. So if your going to Paris this has to be the hotel good price great service what else do you need. ENJOY  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jessie2007
<Content>Gracious Staff When all of Paris seems rude, it was nice to return to our hotel to find the staff consistently friendly and extremely helpful. The rooms are modern and the workout facilities are great.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jojoy69
<Content>absolutely fabulous We just got back from two nights in this hotel. We chose this hotel because of the reviews on this site and we were definitely not disappointed. It represents excellent value for money and is in walking distance to the Eiffel tower, the galleries of the trocadero, and the seine river. We also walked to the arch de triomphe very easily. The beds are the most comfortable we have ever slept in, the room was spotlessly clean with lovely decoration. Yes, the rooms are small, but that is what hotel rooms are like in Paris apparently and we didn't find it to be a problem. The service was outstanding with friendly, english speaking staff who were happy to help with any request. Breakfast was great, good array of fresh fruit, yoghurt, cereal, cold cuts, cheeses, croissants, breads scrambled eggs and bacon, jams etc. I just hope we can get a room here next time we go to Paris because it is sooo good that I am sure it will be solidly booked out.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cheerfultraveler92
<Content>Plaza Tour Eiffel is a fabulous boutique hotel Excellent hotel on a quiet street in a residential neighborhood. The room was modern, clean and the bed was extremely comfortable with fluffy pillows and high quality sheets and duvet. Breakfast was good with a good variety from scrambled eggs, croissants, cheeses, meats and fruits. Service at the hotel was the best we have ever experienced anywhere in the world. We were treated like royalty, our every need anticipated. Daniel was especially helpful and always on the lookout for us. All of the staff speaks English and will even help you with your French. There is free internet access in the lobby and wireless in the rooms. It is a couple of blocks from the Troacadero and metro (#9). It is also a reasonably short walk to the Champs Elysee for shopping. The Eiffel Tower is nearby as well as several of the bus routes. It is a great home base to see all the sights of Paris.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Denzel79
<Content>FANTASTIC Hotel and Staff I am writing this review for my mum and aunt who have just returned from a fantastic stay at this hotel. I made the booking arrangements for them and I was delighted to hear the staff and service was second to none and the hotel was first class. The decor was beautiful and spotless clean and the locaion absolutely spot on for seeing all the sites and safely venturing out for dinner at night. The front desk were particularly helpful to my mum and aunt helping them with cases etc. Nothing was too much trouble! The breakfast was a lovely buffet and the rooms were very comfortable and well decorated.Can't rate this hotel highly enough and if you shop around you will get a really good price for what is a great hotel!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Patrice518
<Content>Great staff This was our first experience of a Paris hotel room. Though small, it had a very comfortable bed. The shower took a little bit of maneuvering to use. Our air conditioner broke over-night, but it was promptly fixed. There is free Internet access in the lobby, which was extremely helpful to us. The staff was extremely accommodating - can't say enough about them.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DYSC
<Content>Wonderful stay Throughout our stay in the hotel, the staff was very warm and friendly. The location is excellent, within a few minutes' walk to the Trocadero. That allowed us to stay in comfort in our hotel with our 7 year old son, get out late at night and enjoy watching the fireworks on Eiffel Tower for La Bastille celebrations!The room was very clean and well equipped with modern furniture and LCD television. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>DickiePortsmouth
<Content>Central, elegant, friendly Having checked Trip Advisor before, this really lived up to the reviews. Great location, just a short walk from the Trocadero Metro. The d茅cor and styling of the hotel made it stand out for us. The rooms (double and twin) were elegant, comfy, clean and well presented. Beds comfy and air conditioning a boon in August. Breakfast presented an excellent choice. The staff couldn鈥檛 have been more friendly and accommodating . They actually seemed to be enjoying their work, not only when dealing with us as guests but also when chatting amongst themselves - seems a small thing but we鈥檝e stayed in plenty of hotels where the staff are just plain miserable. It does make a difference! We didn鈥檛 try the small restaurants and brasseries close by with more choice at the Plaza De Mexico and Avenue Victor Hugo and the Arc De Triumph and Champs Elysees only 20 minutes walk further on. Useful Supermarket less than 5 minutes away on the Rue Des Belles Feuilles off the Pl De Mexico. We hope to return.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>liberatedmind
<Content>A Gem in Paris After staying at Le Plaza Tour Eiffel for 8 nights, I was sad to leave! The hotel is very modern, boutique-style, with friendly staff and extremely comfortable rooms. The metro is approx. 1 1/2 blocks (less than 5 min. walk) to lines 6  9 on the Trocadero station. Tour Eiffel (Eiffel Tower) is just past the metro - about another two minutes walk. Champs de Mars (park) is also right there. Overall, a *wonderful* expereince. I would stay again!!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>LArlette
<Content>The Plaza Tour Eiffel- My Stay In the 16 Arrondissement: A Delight of the Senses I arrived in Paris, France on the 27th of June, 2007 and departed Paris for NYC on July 2nd. Through a travel agent in Brooklyn, NY, I secured a reservation at the Plaza Tour Eiffel 32, rue Greuze-75116 Paris, 16E. What a lovely establishment! The decor is comprised of clean sharp lines that maintain a feeling of warmth, and manages to avoid falling into slick. The color choices thoughout the property are on the darker side of warm, with just a splash of bright to announce the hotel's presence. Classy!The house keeping staff makes a point of assuring attention to detail of cleaning the hotel room. Top it off with a highly articulate, multilingual staff and you will be assured that no better choice could be made in the Left Bank of Paris. Very many thanks to Sofie, Mr. Malik, Daniel and everyone at the Plaza Tour Eiffel for making my trip to Paris even better than expected.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Amandapsr
<Content>Great location, value for money and sophistication   showReview(8232351, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>marzipan2
<Content>Superb hotel in ideal position!   showReview(8127511, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>paowow
<Content>Excellent Service   showReview(7851233, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>BrendaV
<Content>The Best Value and Location - Best Service, Too - Loved the Plaza Tour Eiffel   showReview(7834699, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Magik46
<Content>Great Place To Stay!   showReview(7753009, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OGuyz
<Content>Excellent Choice for Paris Hotel!!   showReview(7555726, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Galls
<Content>Very Nice   showReview(7208119, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Service from Abroad!   showReview(1489944, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ydolem
<Content>extra !       fa莽ade de l'h么tel  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr zu empfehlen!   showReview(18528287, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>h么tel 脿 recommander   showReview(18528279, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>maylingtoulouse
<Content>Un h么tel de r锚ve   showReview(14952190, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NR96
<Content>Excelente Plaza Tour Eiffel   showReview(14451381, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EON007
<Content>Bonne experience   showReview(14019295, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>eRobles
<Content>Muy bien situado, completo, y muy acogedor. Un poco peque帽o       Interior de habitaci贸n num.3  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Claire_Italy
<Content>Ottimo hotel a un passo dalla Tour Eiffel       il bagno  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉堛儹銈儑銉簝鍫磋繎銇忋伄...   showReview(21801036, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

