<Author>JJBEANIE
<Content>Beautiful scenery.... The grounds on this hotel are beautiful and well cared for. The rooms are okay. The towels are pretty worn and sometimes smelled like fish!!! The bed was hard and the pillow lumpy. But do you go to spend time in your room???? Lots of hot water for a shower and the room was well cleaned everyday. The beach is breathtaking and people very friendly. If you are looking for nightlife this is not the place. There is a disco but locals are allowed in so make sure you go in a group. You only get free drinks between 11 and 12, other than that it is expensive. The buffet was good, lots to choose from. The pools are beautiful - only one swim up bar so this pool is always the busiest. I would recommend this hotel - but if you want super luxury - not for you.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>4	3	2	5	4	5	3	4	

<Author>melandian1
<Content>Not loving it WOULD NOT GO BACK.......luckily we had great friends with us.........THis hotel is soooo not a 4 star. More like a 2 starno one speaks english there........only spanish or french........1 of our 3 rooms had no air conditioning and no one would help us. Then the last night the same room leaked water on one of the beds. there are 2 free restaurants in this resort....but by the time you figure out where they are or how to book them you give up! The others are a charge of a min. $11 US pp. The kids club is terrible............we had 5 kids with us ranging from 5 to 13 and they lasted 15 min there before they returned to us! The entertainment staff didnt come out til x mas eve.......no schedules on entertainment etc. The room was ok............clean....showers had no pressure though. The beach was beautiful....however my kids personally are not beach kids........so we went to the pools (3 of them) every day...however they were freezing .....so I as the mother only went in 2x the whole week.there is really nothing to do at night......so we ended up sleeping at around 9ish....which is fine b/c if you dont get up early you miss the sun!!!!!!if you tip the waiters in the buffet you get good service.......as we were 11 ppl so we got our table saved every morning..... I recommend the banana juice and the crossaisants...yumI would never go back.....................the language barrier is very frustrating......and the kids were bored!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	2	3	5	

<Author>Travelqueen008
<Content>Don't Book This Hotel!!!       LIBRIO BUILDING  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	5	3	1	2	3	

<Author>br0kenarr0w
<Content>White sand and larimar waters       Beach escapades  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>nihari
<Content>Loud modern disco terror Close your eyes and think about the white beach, wind, palm sea, waves and dream away. Then BOEM BOEM BOEM welcom to the club says a dark voice very loud in the big speaker boxes.This is the start tune of a 4 times per day session to activate the people for aquagym and other activities of the animation team.You can hear it all over the resort and beach. Away is your dream, your concentration in your book, or you maybe even were snoozing away on your holiday.No way, the animation team is there for the 1 to 3 persons who like it.This is terrible. If you stay there longer, you can dream it. Most people we spoke did not like it at all, but let it happen. We tried to speak about it with the 18 year old animation team leaders, but this was without result.A manager was able to arrange one normal morning without the BOEM BOEM BOEM of the modern disco terror. Only the volume was fast pushed to there usuall level later that day. The only ascape was to find a place 150 meters from the animation mosk and bars. One day with a lot of wind we tried to stay near the pool. Impossible to do something other than listen to disco music and other different music, at the same time!!!, from the animation, the pool bar and beach bar.We left the resort that day to find some rest because our room was near the pool. Even in the room you could not relax or read a book.Looking for a disco, go to the tropical princess.Want a Carribean relax holiday, find an other resort.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	3	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>Hilper
<Content>Loved the hospitality Punta Cana Tropical PrincessDate: Sept 6--13 , 2008Just returned with memorable experience. The hotel is the best I have had of all my vacations. The overall service was incredible--be it the check-in , the bus, the ground , the pool , the maid , the bar and the restaurant staff was beyond expectation. There is nothing to complain about and definitely my hotel for next year with my entire family.The beach was cleaned every morning and with the golden sand beneath my feet it was something to experience.On a scale of 1 to 10, I will give Tropical Princess a 15.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ouseitgarnmarra
<Content>Before you book READ THIS Ok then before i go on im gonna break this down for you all and then you can make your own decision so firstly boys and girls if your sitting comfortably.....Ill begin.1. AccomodationAccomodation was absolutely top notch, ive been to the Dominican before and this was the bet ive ever seen, the main area was a split level room with the dining room on the bottom level, it had sattelite TV with a lot of english speaking channels and a fridge that was stocked every day with beer, water and pop. there was loads of cupboard space in this area and also a settee. in the top level there was a double queen size bed with lamps on either side and a fan above the bed. The area leading into the Bathroom was full of mirroed wardrobes which also included a safe (no fee) in this area there was a large sink area with all round wall to wall mirrors...good for checking if youd tanned ya [----]. the rooms were cleaned to a high standard every day and the air con was freezing, lovely after a hot day in the sun.2. FoodThe main resteraunt was bloody brilliant with lots and lots of choice, for anyone who didnt want to try something a little different there was an American station with your typical American food Burgers, Pizza etc. The resteraunts which were all inclusive were also good but were difficult to book (3 days advance was the norm) not once did anyone i know get a bad tummy off the food. there is lots of different little resteraunts on the beach were you get food at anytime throughout the day and at midnight they do snacks in the main resteraunt.3. EntertainmentOh dear this is were it all started to go wrong, quite simply they do not cater for ANYONE who speaks English...If you can speak spanish then thats fine, can you speak itallion then thats ok too, maybe you speak german french or russian well thatll do nicely! not once did i hear the night time entertainment speak English and this [----] me off no end, i had a 13 boy with me and to keep a teenager entertained when there was no other English speaking kids was difficult. At the bar the staff would make a point of serving the spanish first and when they did serve you it took ages to order anything because of the language barrier.4. Things to do. The beach was gorgeous and the water was crystal clear, the sand was golden and was constantly being cleaned, we didnt spend much time round the pool as it was full of jonny foreighners stareing and gawping, we found one English family out of about 600 people so to that end we were definately in the minority. The full time we were there the everyone that was not english speaking was rude arrogant and would not apologise for anything even if they knocked into my kid.....to which i give an explicit lesson in english to one guy. The trips that we paid for were top class...The 4 wheel drive buggys are a must, and the trip on the boat to watch the sunset with dinner was ace....DO NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES BOOK TO GO SEA FISHING....spoke to loads of english on route out and they done the same and didnt catch a thing...it is just used as an excuse for the fishermen to go trawling with nets and make some wxtra cash.Looking back it was nice to get away for a couple of week in the sun but given the choice again i would definately NOT go back to the east of the island and instead go back up north to puerto plata again were there is lots of englsh speaking friendly people. I spoke to quite a few Canadians who had the same problems as myself and got told a story of one couple that were that disgusted in the way they were treat by the foreighners they moved hotels at there own cost.If you dont mind getting treat like a mug off the staff and anyone who doesnt speak the queens english then this is the place for you.......enjoy! 5.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	2	4	3	2	3	

<Author>MELHELE22
<Content>Aug26-Sept 2 Honeymooners and Loved it! Honeymooners! WOOHOO...We liked Tropical Princess a lot!!Ignore all the comments of the bad things. Things do happen but make the best of your trip.I won't lie we did have problems. Our toilet clogged on us the first day and so did our tub but they fixed it right away and were great about it. they called to see if someone was there and then later on they would call to check to see if it was still working okay. That was good of them. The rooms were nice...maids were awesome..and the beaches are so nice..the food is good. Lots to choose from, different themes every night. Josie the bartender at the pool was awesome. Made your time a blast. I would definatly recommend this hotel to ppl. We had a blast and met some pretty fun ppl too... So go expecting to have a great time, and if you run into problems..so what..don't let it put a damper on your vacation..enjoy, soak up the sun and if you do go here...we are jealious! Have a blast..oh and don't forget to pack the sunscreen or Aloe Vera!!! :o)  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>MCR1966
<Content>Absolutely loved this hotel We have just returned and have to say after reading the reviews I was really anxious and spent the weeks leading up to going dreading it, to the point that I rang our tour operator to let them know that a bug had been reported at this hotel and also my concerns about the food, as people were saying it was awful. Our tour operator rang the hotel to speak to the Rep and they knew nothing of it, so that was reassuring.When we arrived, we were greeted by lovely staff, the hotel was really beautiful, to me it was paradise, and the food was just out of this world. We had the most amazing time at this hotel and all I can say is that some people are just not easily pleased. I just could not fault anything about this hotel at all. It really was such a joy to stay at this hotel and we could even go out at 9.30am and still get a sunbed and under the shade which was such a bonus.I would strongly recommend that you do not take too much notice of the bad reviews.I would go back to this hotel tomorrow.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ellie81
<Content>Great place to relax I spent a week at the Tropical Princess with my Mum in July and we both had a great time. We went for a week of relaxation and that's what we got.The buffet restaurant was great with a different 'theme' every day (e.g. Mexican, Chinese, Italian etc) and the waiters were all charming. The other restaurants didn't seem as busy as the buffet restaurant and we stuck with the buffet as there was so much variety. The beach is lovely but on one day the water got a little rough. However, if you turn left out of the hotel on to the beach and walk for 5 mins you reach a really calm stretch of sea. The grounds are kept immaculately clean by a huge team of gardeners and the rooms are very spacious and clean (with no bugs of any kind!). There are 3 large outdoor pools which are great for families with kids, or for a dip after a day on the beach. There is a small gym with 2 treadmills, 2 rowing machines, 1 stepper, some weights machines and free weights. It opens at 8 so we got there at that time everyday to make sure we could get on the treadmills. There is also a beauty salon where you can get lots of different treatments. I could not recommend this place more highly if you simply want to relax on a beautiful beach. However, if you are wanting to see something of Dominican culture, you might want to go to the North of the island where there seemed to be a bit more going on.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>walkar
<Content>Fabulous! We stayed at the Tropical Princess from 22 July to 5th Aug 2008. Family of 4 (2 teenage sons aged 16 and 14). We had the most fantastic time despite being worried about some of the reviews before we went. The hotel room was spacious and clean, maid service every day - clean towels etc. The food in the main Buffet Restaurant was extensive and I defy anyone to not find something they like amongst the array of varied food. The grounds of the hotel are immaculate and are tended all day every day - green and lush. The setting (on the beach) is like a picture postcard with white sands, palm trees and blue warm sea. Yes, the entertainment is in different languages but then there are different nationalities visiting. What a lot of people don't realise is that after the main show (near the lobby) all the dancers etc. descend on the Lobby Bar where there is dancing etc until midnight. We only found this out after a few days - I thought the only reason you went to the Lobby was if you needed something from reception. DO NOT be put off by bad reviews - they worried me sick before we went. You will have a fabulous time. Room problems could be had anywhere in the world and anyone who did have this problem were just unlucky. On the whole, everyone we spoke to had a fantastic time with no complaints - sickness included. We all would love to go back next year especially my 2 sons who made some great friendships. Enjoy!!!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Wombat33
<Content>Paradise Found! 17-31 July, 2008. We are a family of four with a son of 12 and a daughter of 10 from London, UK. We have previously read lots of reviews of the Tropical Princess, some good and some bad. All those people who were not happy with the resort need to seek help 鈥?where have you been before? The room was superb, the maid service even better, food and waiters were well beyond our expectations, pools and beach clean and fantastic. The weather was superb for 14 days, and we had an absolute blast. We ate at the buffet and could always find something interesting and delicious 鈥?full marks there! We would cheerfully have stayed another month without running out of things to do and all were very sad to return home (yesterday!).We loved speaking (dreadful) Spanish to the staff and were very grateful for their enthusiasm and assistance. We admired the animation (entertainment) staff who worked all day then moved to the Serenata Theatre to entertain us in the evenings.With regard to Thomson, I am not sure that we would book with them again. The flight to Punta Cana was good and the transfers on time but advice from the resort rep proved inaccurate and expensive. A big deal was made of the Anton Zilli food, which turned out to be stewed sausage and mash or inedible pasta. The flight home was bitterly cold, devoid of any explanation but with lots of blankets distributed.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Geordiegal_8
<Content>not the holiday paradise promised my husband and I stayed here in June 2008 and I can honestly say I wish we hadn,t bothered.The beach is fantastic which is just as well because there is nothing else to do all day. The organised activities are an absolute shambles. If you are not fluent in Spanish you will never know what time anything is on. our room smelt damp and all the towels were a fetching shade of grey! food is barely edible. Please don,t eat in the Dominican resteraunt. We did and by the next night were both ill with stomach cramps and the trots. there is nowhere to go outside the complex unless you are on an organised excursion. I,m so glad we did that because it meant we had one good day out of our week . I,m really pleased we weren' t there for a fortnight.from Beverley from Newcastle.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nicola2812
<Content>Do not book this hotel (nightmare) On arrival at our hotel room I filled our sink with water to get washed and we found that there was no lever on the tap to release the waste from the sink this was reported on 01/07/2008 and was advised by reception this would be done the same day. The sink had not been fixed by the Wednesday 2/7/2008 when we went to see Claire our rep and we advised her of this and she said she would get it sorted which she didn鈥檛 this was not fixed until our 11th day on the complex even though it was first reported on 1/7/2008 he had to get down on both knees two-three times a day after we had been washed to empty the sink this had him in some pain for most of the holiday. We also booked 3 trips with Claire Animal Adventure Park which would cost us 240 dollars, Saona Island which cost 304 Dollars and the Monster Truck Safari which was 198 Dollars both the Saona Island and the Monster Truck Safari was confirmed by Claire to be a free bar with all kinds of drink. On the Animal Adventure Trip my partner ordered a beef sandwich which actually turned out to be corned beef and I ordered a Tuna Sandwich both of these were warm as they had been left in the sun which unfortunately I did have to eat as I suffer from Type 1 insulin controlled diabetes which later on that afternoon I suffered a stomach upset due to this which made be unwell for approx 48 hours we then went to Saona Island on 3/7/2008 where we were told that we would travel by speed boat and then by paddle boat to the island this was not to be the case as we were advised that the paddle boat was faulty but when we turned up to the area to change transport there was a paddle boat there that was in working order. I also found out that there were no diet drinks and you were unable to buy any on these 2 trips to Saona island and The Monster Truck Safari I ended up drinking water all day after the trips were sold as all drinks included. The Monster Truck Safari if you could call it that was 3 stops all day and was more like a bus ride, to my knowledge a safari is a trip on land, usually in jungle or savanna environments, which is engaged in for the purpose of viewing or hunting animals. Most often, the modern safari involves viewing, photographing, and experiencing animals in their natural habitats. There was certainly no viewing of animals unless you are classing horses and pigs in people鈥檚 gardens a safari so to me this was being misadvertised. We were also plagued by the Trip advisor for cash on the Monster Truck Safari as they were calling it he was constantly asking for cash to help the poor little children and people who have nothing which made the tourists very uneasy and as if we had to give whatever we had to help these people. Without sounding awful we all have to work for our living the same way everyone else does but they thought because we were British that we had a lot of money and all of this should have been given to them not the fact that we have to work all year round to pay for our holiday abroad. All I ate for 2 weeks was rice and sweetcorn while I was there as the food that was being served you were unable to make a full meal out of. We were also plagued by ants outside of our room which nothing was done about this either. Be under no illusion this is definitely not a 3 plus hotel in fact it would be lucky to get a rating of a 2* as they are unable to keep the area clean we had birds flying in the restaurant and on one night a rat in the pool which the pools were never cleaned so god knows what diseases people could catch.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UnhappyfamilyGlasgow
<Content>Very Average Hotel First impressions were very good, lovely setting.First room not good, were moved on request but next room was very tired looking, bedcovers had mould on them, pillows were filled with what felt like cotton wool balls, towels were grey, we all fought over the one white towel, complained but not much action, were offered another room change but did not want to keep unpacking and packing. Rat in pool on first morning . The staff at certain poolside bars were very unfriendly and children were kept waiting ages until served, very unhelpful. Shop staff also looked as if they couldn't be bothered. Hygiene in main restaurant and Creperie appalling, decidedly average food choice. A few nights we had to que to get in main restaurant. Mexican and Italian restaurants were very good and efficient service. Due to giving of free alchohol at swim up pool bar, it got very loud and out of hand and one fight was seen, not a pool for children. Night entertainment on too late, the list is endless. Good points were the beach, very Carribean. Won't be rushing back.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pringlefizz
<Content>the best holiday ever       the pool  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tashste
<Content>Wonderful Place - Go there!       Lovely Lobby  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>smudger1980
<Content>2 weeks is too long! The Good...Amazing beaches, warm clean water and soft sand at your feet. Large rooms with great air conVery friendly Dom Rep people, hotel staff  localsMonster Trucks excersions - great fun and really interesting to get out of the resort and see some real Dominican lifeHelpful Thompson RepThe Bad...Beds are unbelievably uncomfortable - like sleeping on bricks for 2 weeksThe food was bland, boring and monotonous, which some may expect from an all inclusive, but i have had much better!Absolutely nothing to do in the evenings unless you like watching shows in Italian or Spanish!The Saona Beach trip is highly over-rated and very expensive for what it is. The island itself could be very beautiful if it wasn't for the fact that thay pack as many tourists onto the beach who then make the beach dirty and untidy - big disappointment!Both my husband and myself suffered with a stomach upset and bad cramps for about the first 10 days of our holiday - and from what we heard from the few other English we managed to speak to - so did they! Take lots of imodium its 拢10 a pack at the resort!Warning - if you do excersions take a sick bag on the coach, we had a number of people who were sick on our excersions as the roads are so bumpyThe Ugly......This resort is not catered for English clients, on the whole we felt completely alienated the whole time we were there as the Peurto Ricons/Italians/Germans took over the whole resort. This got really annoying and we wish we could have come home after the 1st week of our 2 week holiday  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	1	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>silverkickz
<Content>Fantastic Resort!!!!!!!!!!       reception  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>geniusNottingham
<Content>toilet heaven Dont get me wrong, the hotel and grounds and beach were beautiful, it was very clean and the staff were really good. There were plenty of spanish reps keeping their guests entertained however if you travel with Thomson there is only one rep and you never see her. The kids clubs are poor, i went once and was told by the lady running it who could not understand much English that she did not have enough kids so she was not just taking mine into the club. I was also advised that this would be a great place to take my kids to swim with dolphins, however when i got there i was told my children were too young for any of the trips we wanted to do. However it was the food which ruined the holiday, the quality is poor, there was obviously some sort of food poisioning in the hotel, people were in hospital some were flying home, some were even flying to America as a means of escape. Everybody I spoke to was ill and it ruined the holiday completely. They was testing the water in the pools because we saw them taking samples. In my opinion due to whatever bug was making everybody sick we should have been moved. This said, had the food been okay then we would not have been ill and the holiday would have been good. Do not venture out of the resort, you will be offered drugs and/or prostitutes  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>1	3	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>PC08
<Content>The Good and the Bad...more good than bad though! I went to the Tropical Princess for a week in early may with 7 girlfriends - we had just all graduated from university so we were extremely excited for everything!Our rooms were nothing special. We had requested two rooms close to each other but on the first night we were in separate buildings. We changed rooms in the morning, it was a slight downgrade from our previous room, but right across the hall from our friends. The rooms aren't very well kept, the towels are dingy, one of our toilets did not work, and the overall quality of the space is sub par. Unluckily for us, our two rooms were in between 4 other rooms of 16 year old students from Peru...meaning LOUD late nights, banging on the doors at 4am, yelling in the halls. We had called security but they did not do anything. We requested to switch rooms toward the end of our trip but they never switched us. Our last day at the resort wasn't so great...we had tried to get a free late check out since we had put up with so much with this teenagers and some rude staff but the manager, Ingrid, did not help us at all. It is $35 for a late check out til 3pm, and then 65$ until 5pm. Our bus to the airport was at 5pm. To make a long story short, she wouldn't budge, we didn't get the free late check out, and we left the resort with some feelings of resentment towards Ingrid and some of the other staff at the resort.There were good parts to the resort though!!! The grounds are beautiful! The pools are great - there are 3 but we only used the one with the swim up bar. Jose, one of the bartenders was hilarious and made the best 'dirty monkeys'. Highly recommend you try them. The beach was incredible...no seaweed, white sand, the water was clear and there were loads of beach chairs available all the time. The 'Animation' staff (the entertainers) were entertaining but got a little creepy and annoying after awhile. I guess you have to expect that when you're with 7 other women.The food was decent. We mostly ate at the main buffet...tons of choices but the food is kind of bland. They have themed dinners at night and the Mexican and the Oriental nights are great. We ate at the Brazillian a la carte one night, it was okay, but not so great for our vegetarian friend. The drinks were great!! No matter your tolerance, you'll be buzzed in no time. Alcohol was available 24/7 I believe, at the beach bar, but don't quote me on that. You HAVE to try the Mamajuana shots, you'll learn to love them. The disco at the resort was pretty good, lots of locals after 11pm, but the free drinks end at midnight. Overall it was an amazing vacation! I'd recommend it if all you care about is the beach, pool, and the booze! We met lots of people from Canada, the States, France, Austria, England...everywhere. I guarantee you'll have fun if you go.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>ZukiMississauga
<Content>Great Beach, Nice Hotel, But Overall KInda Bland I stayed at Tropical Princess from April 10 - 17. Overall it's very nice. Hugh lobby. Large grounds (sometimes too large for my likeing) Fantastic Beach. Very nice pools and as far as buffets go - pretty good.You could walk for literally MILES on that beach...... So if a great beach is one of your priorities ---- Punta Cana is a good choice. My room is decent... just a normal average room.... small mini fridge. They supplied bottled water, coke , sprite daily. Had to pay $5 a day for in room safe. The cost was ridiculous, most hotels offer this for free... but u gotta keep your valuables safe,, so u pay. Pillows are okay, some need replacing, The bed was extremely HARD!!!! My back was in muscle spasism, the muscles in my butt and thigh were sore from sleeping on that rock called a bed. I was not happy with the bed.Pools were very nice.. Three to choose from. max of 4' deep and oone end was wade in.... very good for those who take small children.Buffet.. large variety. but it was the same variety every day.... Unfortunately I do not know if it was the water or something I ate but I was extremely sick the last nite there.... Make sure you take Imodium and Gravol with you.. It saved my life!!The grounds are huge. It's a long walk from the lobby to the rooms/pool/beach area. Beautiful grounds but my preference next time would be a smaller resort with everything conveniently located closer together. They use golf carts to courier you back and forth you u dont want to enjoy the walk in the heat (and it was very hot!)Overall - not one of my better vacations.. I have travelled south more than a dozen times.... This was the very first time I was ever sick. My preference is Cuba or Mexico over Dominican Republic. This was third time to Dominican, and probably my last for a long time.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	2	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Aaliyah0812
<Content>2nd Time In a Row Because It's the Best!!       the beach  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>1	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>walneybill
<Content>It's also the Caribe Club Princess Firstly, the Tropical Princess and the Caribe Club Princess are the same, the only difference is that one offers you 3 extra visits to the Al-la-carte restaurants, the main food hall, swimming areas, clubs for kids etc are all the same.Off to a very bad start from the moment we arrived at the hotel, the room upgrade we'd paid for wasn't available. Hotel receptionist refused to believe us, the rep wasn't much help either saying that Thompson in the UK don't inform them of anything. According to the receptionist, the room we had upgraded to didn't exist. It was only when my wife managed to dig out the confirmation paperwork did the rep believe us and hey presto...the room we had upgraded to did not only exist but there was one available.On arrival in the room, we were extremely disappointed. The sheets were a dirty grey colour and very creased (as if recently slept in??), blankets were old, worn and threadbare. There was a very large water stain on the ceiling above the bed in the main bedroom, both wardrobes in both rooms, the doors were either stuck fast and couldn't be moved or hanging off. The main door had a large gap between the frame and the space in the wall. After further investigation, while walking through the hotel, it was noticeable that this condition was present in most of the rooms.Used a total of 7 magnetic keys during the 1 week stay as there were continual problems gaining entrance to the room.Had to complain en-masse with others who arrived on the day we did, to get a safe key, had to carry all valuables with us for the first 24 hours and then the only way we could get a safe key was to pay for the whole week. $24 for a service which is free in most other hotels.The food was very boring and offered little change each evening, felt very sorry for those who were there for 2 weeks. Couldn't confirm it but on the day before we left, I thought I had seen a rat in the eating area.The rep was rarely on site, not her fault entirely as Thomson had given her 7 other locations to look after / supervise.Thomson on site had no record of the flight upgrade we had paid for and we were told it was not possible to have only requested an upgrade for the return overnight flight. Had to make a call at our expense to have Thomson UK fax the confirmation to the hotel so a copy could be given to the rep.The rather large Thomson rep at the airport also didn't believe we had upgraded and had another rep check on this.The pool areas were very nice though, it has to be said, three very large pools with plenty of sun bed availability. Easy access to the beach where there were also plenty of sunbeds.In 2007 we had stayed further north at the Riu Mambo, also a Thomson resort, spend the few extra 拢's and stay there instead, it'll be worth it and something we wish we had done.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	2	1	2	2	2	

<Author>CHARERIN
<Content>Beautiful Resort We stayed at the Tropical Princess on March 20-27, 2008. It was great! We flew out with SunWing and everything went smoothly. We arrived around 10pm and our departure flight was at 9pm. The only complaint we had is that the resort should allow you stay in your room until at least 3 or 4pm (with no charge) if you have a late flight. Their policy is that you have to be checked out by 12noon. Our bus did not pick us up until 5pm! We did get an extended time in our room until 3pm but we had to pay $35.00 extra. But all in all.. considering that this is a 4 star resort we were very satisfied. Everything is withing walking distance. The beach is pretty close to all the roooms. The only problem we had with our room was the pillows... we should have asked for replacements but kept we forgetting. By midweek we didn't bother.I seen one mosquito in our room all week. I never seen any outside. We went to 2 of the nightly shows and they were okay. Otherwise we were pretty pooped and went to bed early the other nights.The buffet had a really good variety...something for everyone. We went to the Brazillian resturant one night.. it was pretty good.We went deep sea fishing and caught a 40lb dophin fish and and a barracuda. What a blast.We went to the Saona Island trip but were were not over impressed. It took 7 hours to reach the island. We left the resort at 7am, had to pick up some people from a couple of other resorts. There seemed to be delays all they way getting there. We had to wait a good 陆 hour for people to get to our catamaran and the wind was against us going to it was a long boat ride. We reached Saona Island at 2pm. We only had 1 hour to stay on there to eat and swim. We felt too rushed. We spent all day traveling there. I would never do this trip again. A lot of money for a 7 hour trip to an island. Otherwise my granddaughter and husband really liked the starfish part of the trip (where you snorkel for starfish).I would recommend this resort to anyone! Just go and have fun you are on holidays!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jennykash
<Content>Beautiful Resort! We booked our All inclusive trip with onlinetravelcenter.ca through Sunwing and had an amazing experience. We had read reviews of this resort prior to attending and weren't too sure what to expect. Well, here it goes. We arrived at the airport and were whisked to the hotel in a minivan with 2 other couples. Upon arriving at the lobby, we were greeted with a beautiful and tropical entranceway. Check in was very speedy. Although we had asked for an ocean view room, there are very few at this resort. We did get the king size bed we wanted. Our location was perfect for us. We were in the Villa Trinitarium, and just outside our villa was a bar and the pool and the mini golf. We were only one building away from the buffet and a few minutes from the beach. So for us, the location was great. Our room was spacious and perfectly fine for a 4 star resort. There were a few small ants in the bathroom, but no big deal. As for the mosquitos, we did not have any problems here. There were 4-6 mosquitos in our room each day, but coming from Northern Ontario, this was NOTHING. We never used (or needed) bug spray. Jhon (the bartender at the pool bar, not the swim up bar) was AMAZING and took great care of us. Kelvin at the beach bar was also a hoot. The concierge Jasson had a GREAT sense of humor and kept us laughing. We never attended any of the shows, as we were always pooped out by 10 p.m. The buffet was good and had a good variety, although it tends to be a bit repetivite each day. The oasta and omelets were my favorite. As a big dessert fan, I was slightly disappointed with the dessert tray. The fruit and juices were amazing though. And the meat is quite undercooked so you do have to ask for it to be very well done. We ate at the Dominican ala carte. It was a good experience. We did not eat at any other ala cartes, as we had read they weren't too impressive, but the buffet was enough to keep us satisifed. We never did find the 24 hour bar or 24 hour snacks. The beach bar closed up around 11 p.m. and the pool bar was closed by 6 p.m. The lobby was a great place to sit in the evenings for a few drinks and is only a 5 minute trolley ride away. The language barrier was aparent, but the staff did everything they could to accomodate and understand. Housekeeping in the rooms would occassionally forget to leave towels, but this was easily resolved with a quick phone call. The public bathrooms were our only complaint but as soon as we spoke with the concierge, there were cleaning people in them.The beach is gorgeuos and after walking to the market (turn left at the beach and walk 10 minutes) I thought our beach was better than the other 2 resorts on either side. The market was neat, but be prepared to barter, which my husband was not.We had high winds and big waves so a lot of the beach activities were cancelled, but that was mother nature's fault. People from London attended the Sauna Island tour and they were not very impressed. We were supposed to go snorkelling at the Marinarium, but this was cancelled (and refunded easily) due to the waves.Sunwing Rep Jean Luc was very helpful and made our stay very pleasant. So was his tour buddy Stacher.Attend the Sunwing briefing as it gives you a good idea of what to expect from the resort. All of the pictures that I have seen of the resort do not give it justice. It is a beautful place. The Caribe is actually the same resort with the same facilities, but people staying at the Caribe get more sit down ala cartes. The punta cana princess is abit more separate and it is an adults only place. There were quite a few topless women and speedoed men at the pool. The pool farthest to the left was our spot and it seemed quieter and less busy than the pool with the swim up bar and the other pool. Pools were always clean. Always staff cleaning up and gardening around the resort. Even cutting down coconuts and offering you a taste. The creperia was neat, serving banana splits and milkshakes, as well as all different kinds of crepes. We did not attend the Spa or the disco. The only really irritating thing was the people who try to get you to attend a hotel tour but after awhile they discover that you're not interested.If you get the chance to be photgraphed by the people walking around with monkeys, parrtos and snakes... DO IT. For $12 you get a beautful picture all photoshopped of extremely good quality. Very worth it. The boutiques are quite expensive and we ended up paying $4 for a package of MM's for our candy fix. Buy a phone calling card because te hotel charges you $2 per connection fee.All in all for the $$ we paid and for it being a 4 star resort, it was an excellent experience!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>familytraveller2008
<Content>Beach great....that's it! The beach at the Tropical Princess was spectacular. We had no problems finding seating at either the beach or at one of the 3 well-maintained pools.Before I continue, I would like to prefice my future comments by noting that I do not have high expectations when travelling to countries such as the Dominican or Cuba (places of which i have had great holidays) and am well aware one should not have the same expectations of a 4 star there as in places such as Aruba, the Bahamas or Toronto for that matter.Unfortunately, I can't speak highly for either the food or the rooms. When arriving the rooms we occupied were both dirty and in disrepair - we actually fixed the toilet ourselves! The food was the worst I have ever had at a resort, and we're not picky eaters! Service was great when tips were given, otherwise, it took forever to get beverages! The 4 star ranking is certainly misleading. There are other resorts less expensive and far better!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	5	2	3	2	2	

<Author>abarro
<Content>Great resort, though I would stay at the Club Caribe versus Tropical Princess We are a family of four (two girls aged 8  13) and have just back from spending March 6-13 at the Tropical Princess in Punta Cana.Check-in went rather smoothly though depending on the number of people ahead of you, it could take a long time due to the number of agents available and the speed of the check-in process. Lobby is nice and has a bar available.Grounds are fairly large compared to other resorts we have stayed at but is easily walkable. It鈥檚 not as large as the Bavaro Princess All Suites, but larger than other resorts we have stayed at in the past. If necessary, there are golf carts with attached 鈥渢railers鈥?with seating that follows the path between the lobby and pool area. Grounds are immaculate and well maintained with mangrove vegetation and various species of birds. Makes for an enjoyable stroll.The resort comprises of both the Caribe Club Princess and the Tropical Princess. I would not stay at the Tropical Princess. It is a two star at best 鈥?though it classifies itself as a four star. Rooms are very dated and depressing. Windows do not close fully so there were many mosquitoes in the room. We upgraded to the Caribe Club which merits its four star rating. The rooms here are spacious, clean, modern and airy 鈥?which is expected from a four star. There are three pools located throughout the resort area. These are well maintained and clean. As expected, they are not heated and rely on the sun. I hate cold water and felt comfortable swimming in the pools. The main pool has the swim up bar and is the location where most of the sports activities are held. The other two pools are much quieter and this is where we spent our time. The pool closest to the Tropical Princess side of the resort meanders around and has great landscaping. There are umbrellas throughout the pool area.The main buffet restaurant was good. Food was better than the last few times we were in Punta Cana. As to be expected, food is not overly spiced to keep it rather neutral for all taste buds but there is a very wide selection with each night having a particular theme (I.e. French, Italian, etc.). There was always some standards such as pasta, pizza, etc. for the less adventurous. Service was attentive (I.e. getting drinks, clearing plates, etc.) and staff were courteous and friendly. Though the last two days the resort did get busier and there were longer wait times to get in to the restaurant and to get drinks 鈥?no big deal.We tried the Italian a la carte restaurant. It was no different from the buffet restaurant, other than the fact they serve you. I wouldn鈥檛 do it again. There is also an Asian, Brazilian and fish restaurant available. My suspicion is that they would be similar in experience. This is an all inclusive resort so I do not expect gourmet dinners. I can wait until I get home for fine dining.Bar drinks typically use super sweet syrupy mixtures. The days of using fresh fruit to mix with those Caribbean type drinks are long gone to keep costs down. We resorted to drinking beer and water most of the time. Wines are plonk. Beaches are great 鈥?wide and long white sandy beaches. Lots of umbrellas available and we never had a problem finding one when we hit the beach at 10:30. Of course, the front row is taken by then. Water is a nice aqua colour and depending on the type of day, there are great waves to frolic in. Even on red flag days, my 8 year old daughter was jumping in the waves with no concerns.I would recommend this resort to others. You will not be disappointed. I would however avoid staying in the Tropical Princess itself and book the Club Caribe.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LM77WashingtonDC
<Content>Friendly Staff, Great Beach, Average Hotel Rooms, Good Value My wife and I stayed at the Tropical Princess (1 night) and then were moved to the Carib Club Princess from March 4-11. The Tropical Princess and Carib Club Princess are basically the same resort. Tropical Princess guests stay in different housing on one side of the property but use the same facilities (pool, beach, bars,etc.). We paid for the VIP package which was worth it (includes premium drinks, free room service, 20 min. massage, 1 hr. motorized watersports and 1 hr internet pp). We were put in an average first floor double bed room upon arrival. Since we paid for VIP I expected a better room. I went back to the front desk, made a fuss and agreed to stay in that room for one night after the front desk personnnel said they couldn't move us that night. Supposedly all the rooms were reserved. That was BS since they were checking in large groups after we arrived and we were told when we booked our vaction that they didn't reserve rooms. Anyway, after much complaining the following day and wasting an hour at the front desk, we were upgraded to a room with a king size bed at the Carib Club on the top floor- MUCH better!. If you're used to fine hotels (I am) these rooms are not that way. I'd rate them 3 stars but they were clean and pretty miuch how they look in the hotel pictures. I wasn't paying top dollar so they more than met my expectation. The Bad :The front desk neglected to give us the VIP bracelets (which are orange by the way) when we checked in. After figuring that out, the VIP coincierge (different desk near the main desk) took care of us. Very few rooms face the ocean but most have nice views of pool, gardens, etc. Room repairs don't always happen the first or second time you ask (our TV remote control wasn't working well). Be patient, you're on DR time.Some of the food and fancy drinks are different from what you get in the States- nonetheless it's easy to find something to your liking cause they have so much food. Not everyone speaks English but many do. Not many Americans were there but plenty of Canadians were if you want to meet other English speaking folks. I read somewhere that when in your room, only use bottled water for brushing teeth, drinking, etc. All other places on the resort, the water is fine (alcoholic drinks with ice, plain water, salads, etc. ) We had no problems whatsoever with sickness. The good: I was pleasantly surprised with the food at the buffett. (don't miss the Creperie restaurant for lunch, by the way) The food at the restaurants (reservations required) was just OK (went to La Cava, Mexican and Dominican) so we decided to do the buffett for the wider selection and so we could go when we wanted to. Staff and service was excellent. Staff members went out of their way to say hola whenerver you passed them. The men employees love to shake your hand and earnestly want to get to know you. We tipped, but not excessively so they weren't just being nice because we gave them money. Sometimes the beach bars were a little crowded so I'd go back to the beach for 5-10 minutes and come back when fewer folks were waiting. They did seem to treat us differently when they saw the VIP bracelets. (I wasn't crazy about their house brand liquor although the Presidente beer was great- I'm picky that way.). The resort was very clean- even the beach bathrooms! We liked having the free room service for breakfast in the room (again, VIP package). So my advice to you is to request a room on an upper floor (fewer or no, mosquitos), and make sure you're happy before you settle in. Make sure you get a king size bed if that's what you want and politely argue with the front desk until you get the room you want.. After that, have a Presidente , slow down and you'll be happy. All in all it was a really good vacation.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	1	4	-1	

<Author>thePenguins02
<Content>Great Trip - Bad Service Great place to go if you would like to inhale the beauty of colours and sights. The walk from the hotel to the main building is a memory of its own. Wonderful sand and sun. The ocean was nice and inviting. Just like any trip this one had its own unpleasantries such as the service (seems as though this hotel has been running for a long time and the staff no longer care about the human nature of the service that they give, rather than financial. If you are a big tipper and spender perhaps you will enjoy the service as well. At this point I am not saying that we are bad tippers but leaving $5 for every drink that you take in an all-inclusive hotel is a bit harsh) and from the last time we have been there the food has gotten a little worse. For the past three days we had only had hamburgers, a lot of food is out at all times but very hard to choose something that not only looks great but also tastes as it looks. I am happy we went there and have seen the sights we've seen. Going there again... is not something we would consider.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	5	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>WallaceMurray
<Content>Great Beach, Poor Food The Tropical Princess is ascetically beautiful and complete with an amazing beach. The beach truly makes this resort! The grounds are well maintained and you very rarely ever see any garbage on the resort. It seems like the grounds keepers are always working on something from paint touch ups to pruning the trees throughout the resort. Four of us traveled to this resort and had a great time but we do have two complaints. The food is very poor at best and none of us are picky eaters! Also this resort is not geared towards an English speaking crowed. This is very apparent on the Tropical Princess side of the resort with the animation team. If you do speak English they will not give you the time of day. On the other side of the resort is the Carib Club Tropical Princess and their animation team was great! Again they cater to a Spanish or French crowed but they do make an effort. Because there are less English speaking patrons there are less people for you to interact with BUT on the bright side it pushed those of us who do speak English together and we found we met more people on this vacation then on other vacations. Overall this is a 3 star resort with an amazing beach. Remember to pack bug spray and Imodium.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>LondonKernel
<Content>Everything was nice, great vacation-beware itravel2000.com price gaugers Spent a week at the Tropical Princess from Jan 12-19th. All food was great, did not need immodium or pepto all week. Rooms were plain but did not spend much time there. The food was great, the buffet had some of the same items each day but there was a theme each night and always a good variety. The beach was stunning and i had no complaints about the vacation.Tried to book online through Itravel2000 and they tried to charge me higher than their posted web price. was able to get a lower price from my local travel agent.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Barbarajayh
<Content>Great value Although this was our first time in Punta Cana, we have stayed at numerous all inclusives all over Mexico. Let me start off by saying that the Tropical princess and the Caribe club princess are one and the same resort using all the same facilities. If you are booked with the tropical princess you only have access to two a la carte restaurants, if you are booked with the Caribe princess you have access to more. There are 7 a la carte restaurants one buffet and a couple of snack bars. The grounds, lobby, pools, beach are all clean,attractive and well maintained. The buffet is quite good, plenty of variety, clean, and there always seemed to be plenty of clean tables available. But it IS still a buffet and at night we prefer to eat at a nice restaurant. This is where we were somewhat dissapointed. Our first a la carte, el Pilon, was attached to the back of the buffet and was truly dissapointing. We decided to pay extra and try Mamma mia the following night. Again we were very dissapointed in the food. Our third night we paid quite a bit more to have the lobster which we'd heard was very good, and it was. Our last night we tried the Brazilian restuarant included in our package and it was good. Enough about the food. The staff at the resort was excellent. Always friendly, always smiling and eager to help. Our room was ok, it was a room, spacious but the light fixture in the bathroom didn't work, they tried to fix it but after 3 days of showering in the dark we complained and were upgraded to a nicer room with a king size bed. We were quite happy about that. Still the bedding in both rooms was very worn and the sheets and mattress pads seemed too small for the beds and we woke up most mornings on a bare mattress. Kind of gross. One more problem was mosquitos. There were alot, everywhere at night as well as in our rooms. We tried to kill as many as possible but still woke up every morning with new bites. They do spray, we saw a truck driving around one evening at supper time that looked like it was on fire. It was spewing huge grey clouds of toxic fumes for the mosquitos right into the open lobby and beyond. Why they wouldn't wait to do this till everyone was sleeping is beyond me. We went on two tours. Saona island was a very nice day, very long but we really enjoyed it. Our other tour the country safari, again was very long, didn't enjoy it as much as it involved what seemed like hours and hours of driving between stops. The horseback riding on this tour was extremely lame (only young kids would enjoy it), we choose to skip it and waited in some sad looking hammocks in a rather shabby looking back yard. The majority of the other guests at the resort were french canadians, german, russian and french. We missed not being able to socialize with our fellow guests as we always have in Mexico. We've always made new friends on our vacation... this is the first time we didn't meet anyone. This all may sound a little negative but since this is a review I wanted to be as truthful as possible. All in all, considering what we paid I do feel we got good value for our money. We really enjoyed the lobster dinner, our massages, (they were awesome!) pizza by the pool, walking the beautiful beach, and the friendliness of the people. However we are going to return to Mexico for our next vacation, we feel the food is better and enjoy socializing with other english speaking guests.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>lookingforgreatdeals
<Content>Loved this place We stayed at the Tropical Princess part of this resort from Dec 2-9, 2007. Cleanliness - We booked last minute and found a great deal so we were not expecting anything to fantastic. The rooms were very clean as was the resort itself, there were always chairs / loungers at the pool side and on the beach, and both were beautiful. Staff seemed to be cleaning throughout the day at various areas.Dining - The dining experience was good, Buffet food is well buffet food, lots of variety but never fantastc! There is a large variety of a la carte resturants, some you pay 8US$ for, which we never did get charged so Id say its worth checking them out. Nightlife / Entertainment - We are both in our late 20's and were looking for a week to lounge around an enjoy the hot weather.... which we did! We didnt look to hard to find night life but it did not seem to be a party all night long hotel by anymeans! The entertainment provided at the front theater was very comical, lots of laughs.Shopping - Bike into town to shop or you can walk along the beaches. The locals also come to the hotel throughout the week so you can shop right at the resort. Overall I would recomend this resort to anyone looking for a relaxing week away.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Bellathegreenfairy
<Content>Adored the princess I just returned From Punta Cana last night, it was the most amazing trip I have ever been on. The staff at the princess is incredible and so friendly. The food at the buffet was great, every night had a different theme. I pesonally was dissapointed with the food of the restaurants a la carte but the buffet made up for it. The bars were all really awesome (bartenders always singing and happy), the 24 hour beach bar was very convenient too! Apart from that the Beach was beautiful and very clean. I met some incredible people and i am definetly returning and would recommend this place to everyone needing some time to relax.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ClarKathy
<Content>Tropical Storm Olga didn't spoil our Tropical Princess experience.       View from our 3rd floor balcony  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>sunandscreen
<Content>Great Family resort       Surf  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>digginducky
<Content>should be 5 star we thought this resort was excelent, this was our third time to punta cana and this resort was superior in many ways. the food was very good, we had a family suite witch was excelent. gardens were beautiful, entertainment was excelent. the resort was small enough to make it personal but large enough to make it superior. beach and pools were both very nice. one complaint were the drinks, they lacked flavor so they just added more rum. just a note if you speak english you are a minority at this resort, spanish and french are the main choices. but you can always find someone to translate for you. we will recomend and likily return to this resort.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Don-in-Calgary
<Content>What a great trip! Wow, what a vacation! Let me preface by saying I was a little concerned as I had read mixed reviews for this and other Punta Cana resorts鈥?our experience was great.I traveled with my 14 year old son, a father/son get away. We understood ahead of time that this was not a 5 star resort in New York, and that we would be experiencing a different culture, with different standards, and different attitude鈥?with this in mind we hoped for the best but tried not to set our sights so high that we would be disappointed. We were NOT disappointed.The resort is beautiful. The lobby open with a beautiful set in the lush gardens and ponds, with peacocks, ducks and other birds. The lobby bar was a great meeting place for the friends we made, ending each night with drinks and conversation before the 10pm live show in the theatre. (More on this later)The path from the lobby to the different room buildings was about 6 min brisk walk or 12 minutes to enjoy the sights which worth enjoying. We stayed in the Tropical Princess which is 4 identical buildings, 2 floors. We were on the top room, with a great view of the pool. Top floor rooms have stunning vaulted ceilings and we enjoyed the open feeling. The d茅cor was nice, stunning with the vaulted ceiling, but the furnishings were not special. The bathroom was large, although there were stains on the counters and tub鈥?when they paint they are not as careful as one would expect鈥?this is part of the different culture. Our room was always cleaned. No bugs, although one Gecko did find his way in on the third night. We caught him under a cup and released him out side.There are only small drawers, not big enough for cloths, I understand this is typical in all DR resorts. The water was always hot and lots of pressure. Our fridge was always stocked with pop and water. I let our maid know we did not want coke, only diet coke (called coke lite in DR). Even though she did not speak English, and we did not speak Spanish, we could easily communicate. We tipped her $3 US each day and a little gift and we understand this goes a long way to maintain good service.The staff at these resorts make as little as $150/month鈥?your tips go a long way. We tipped about $80 over the week and always had great service. Tip the first day, and try to go back to the same bartenders  waiters and you will always get great service. For the price we paid, adding $80 in tips was still a steal of a deal and makes a huge difference.The other resort that shares the same property is the Cribe Princess (my spelling is wrong), they have several buildings. Some are new and some are old. It is real hit and miss in the rooms here. Two groups of friends we met had to change rooms, others we met were not happy with theirs but did not change. Although Tropical Princess is the 鈥渓esser鈥?of the two resorts, the buildings are consistent and on average better then the Cribe Princess.The food was great. With 70 to 100 items at the buffet, if you can鈥檛 find a variety to make yourself happy, the problem is with you not the resort. Breakfast and lunch at the buffet were pretty similar and good. For breakfast let me recommend the fresh cressoints鈥?from the oven to my plate in 10 seconds. The omelettes were great, as was all the food I ate鈥?we are not adventurous and had mostly the common breakfast fare. Lunch was equally good, and if you don鈥檛 want to walk from the beach to the buffet, there are two beach eateries. These have chicken, chips, hamburgers, hot dogs nachos, cheese and such. The burgers and hot dogs did not look appetizing and I can have those at home so we never tried (did not hear good things about them.) The chicken was great.For dinner the are several al carte choices, only two were included in our Tropical Princess package. The DR restaurant was good, different but beautifully presented鈥?my son preferred the choices at the buffet. The food at the Brazil restaurant was outstanding, wow, great, get the picture. In the buffet each night there was a different theme. If you did not like the theme food, there were always lots of pasta, chicken, and safe North American style food. One foot note on food, the breads, buns, and potatoes were outstanding. I wish our potatoes tasted like they do in the DR, wow! The breads were all fresh, like hot out of the oven, and we really love good bread.One sour note, the red wine is not good, and the white wine is OK at best. All other drinks were great, love the beer and slushy drinks with or without alcohol. The beer is comparable to American beer.In the afternoon there is a Crepe restaurant that is great. The fruit creaps are just OK but the savoury ones are really good. The 3 pools were great. The one closest to the Tropical princess is mostly families and quiet. The middle one is also quit and the smallest鈥?not many people at this pool. The third and farthest pool is the party pool with the swim up bar and activities. This is where we played when we choose the pool. Now speaking of the activities, they were great. The staff speak a bit of English and they give it their best shot. Freddie we miss you! These guys are a ton of fun and put up with us throwing them in the pool and all our pranks. They appreciate tips and your good nature. We enjoyed pool volleyball, beach volleyball, ping pong, darts, and pool exercise classes. Age 12 to 60 in all these activities the week we were there. We were glad to walk to the far pool for the activities, and glad our room was far away for when we wanted a break from the noise. Our friends who moved were near the pool and hated the noise at the beach bar till late late in the evening. Not a problem at the Tropical Princess.The beach is amazing. Almost white sand, clean, beautiful blue water, few weeds and debris in the water, but the surf is active. This is great for adults and older kids riding boogie boards and playing in the surf鈥?but a little much for younger kids, say under 8. There were tons of lounges and shade canopies. Tons more then the other resorts we walked by. The resort was 98% full and we always found a spot at 9 鈥?11. If we got up earlier, we could have had the front row of loungers (they were 5 to 8 rows deep.)We took bug spray, never used it. We took meds for tummy troubles, used a bit on the 5th day for travelers diarea for me, but nothing serious. My son ate more salad then I and he was great the whole time. All the water used in cooking is filtered bottled water. The nightly entertainment was always enjoyable鈥?but much of it is in Spanish, French, and sometimes German. Some nights it is all dancing and lip syncing to English songs. We saw 6 shows and enjoyed them all, but some better then others. No Lion King or Michael Jackson shows the week we were there鈥?too bad we were looking forward to these. Sunwing was great for us. Flight on time, the rep at the hotel was great鈥?the only complaint is that we did not get free ear phones on the plane as promoted. Yes there were minor irritants at times, not all staff is as good as they could be but most are great. Things are different here then at home. If you love it so much at home, why are you taking a trip to a different culture? The locals are friendly and appreciate when you try to communicate in Spanish. I only knew a dozen words but they appreciate my effort and body language is universal.Will we go back, you bet鈥?looking forward to next fall, and yes I am going back to the same resort, it was great.I hope this helps, we appreciated the reviews from others. Have a great trip!  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>trenthills19
<Content>Tropical Princess Okay... Sun Wing Vacations Not So Good The beach at the Tropical Princess in Punta Cana was lovely, best part of the holiday. The resort, could be improved. The rooms were in need of improvement. The food our group thought was okay until about the fourth day of our holiday. 3 of the 4 in our group were ill from the food/drink. One of the group was very ill, needed medical attention. The doctor at the resort was very good. The worst part of the holiday was SunWing Vacation, the company we booked our holiday with. They have some customer service problems that need to be improved. We were 12 hours delayed leaving the Toronto airport. I would not recommend booking with SunWing!Otherwise, the holiday was very relaxing and enjoyable.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>JohnBH
<Content>Fantastic Beach, Good but not Outstanding Resort Our family of four just returned from an all-inclusive one-weeker at the Tropical Princess. Weather was great throughout. Our only other all-inclusive experience was at the Riu Mambo/Merengue/Bachata complex in Puerto Plata last year, so that is the only basis of comparison we have.Point form summary:Beach - Absolutely wonderful. Very fine, nearly white sand; turquoise water, very clear except nearest the shore where waves were crashing. Smooth sandy weed-free bottom all the way out to the end of the enclosed swimming area. (Puerto Plata beaches DO NOT compare!) Be sure you like big surf, though (my 9- and 11-y.o. girls loved it) - it's too rough for younger children.Pools - Very well maintained, but we all much preferred the ocean!Resort grounds, architecture and layout - The buildings are very nice, colourful, photogenic, with rustic-looking thatched roofs; grounds are well-tended; the path from the lobby to the hotel buildings winds through a protected mangrove swamp - which sounds unattractive, but it was interesting to look at and it was not at all buggy.Room - Ours was quite large by our own modest standards, with a cathedral ceiling and a good sized bath. Quite clean, no problems with bugs, etc., although the sink trap leaked a bit (and it was not fixed during the course of the week despite notifying management).Service - We wished staff were friendlier, more attentive and had better English-seaking abilities. (The Riu was vastly better on all these counts). Service was not abysmal by any means but it tended to be slow and perfunctorily delivered.Food - Not as good as we experienced at the Riu complex in Puerto Plata, but the variety made it possible to find something half decent every day. One disappointment was the absence of a good, simple grilled fish (which we enjoyed daily at the Riu) as the Tropical Princess seems to lean heavily on the deep-fried, batter-coated and sauce- and gravy-slathered, which is not to our taste. Strikes me that the hotel was attempting to North Americanize the food but not quite hitting the mark - wish they'd stick to fresh local fare prepared simply and well.We had no gastrointestinal problems (and we ate lots of salad every day).On the drinks front, we can assure you that they do not water the alcohol in the mixed drinks (as we were convinced the Riu was doing when we were there)!Hotel guests - This place is definitely popular with non-English speakers (French, Russian, Spanish, German and Italian primarily) - thus there were relatively few opportunities for social interaction with other guests. (I suspect the Spanish and French speakers are treated better by the staff.)Excursions - We did parasailing, a snorkelling excursion (swim with the sharks) and scuba. All were excellent; we were particularly pleased with the service provided by the on-site scuba shack, run by some young Germans who were very attentive with our daughters (who were doing their first ocean dives).Nightlife and spa - We were too busy doing other things or too tired at the end of the day to experience these.Overall, we had a very good time, but will probably try somewhere else - with more English-speaking staff and guests - next year. A tune-up on the food front and some better staff training would make it an outstanding resort.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>g250182
<Content>Forget the bad reviews...........Fantastic Hotel!!!!!!! I have just come back from a fantastic two week holiday at The Tropical Princess in Punta Cana  really felt I had to write a review to share just how fab I thought this hotel was!!!!!!!!Prior to departing we had been reading all the reviews here on Trip advisor  were quite worried when most of them were bad!!!!! To say we were worried was an understatement.... reading stories of, bad food, bad service, poor rooms, theft  food poisoning! After my holiday I really don't know where those reviews came from..................maybe it's just a brit thing.....how we love to complain.......were some made up?????On arriving at the hotel we were met at reception by a very friendly receptionist who was very helpful with all our checkin procedures, they seemed really keen to help  answered all questions we had there  then...............even though there was a large queue of people waiting to check in!!!!!!!! When we reached our rooms we were really pleasantly suprised by the standard..........the rooms were bright, spacious  really clean we were over the moon!!!!! Yes the curtains  bed spread may have been a little gaudy but hey we are staying in the Dominican Republic  not some swanky hotel in the west end of london.........................the tastes are totally different!!!!!!! We also had a mini bar that was stocked with soft drinks  was refilled every day when the maids cleaned our rooms.....which i must add was done to a high standard!The one area we were really scared about was the food so you can imagine how chuffed we were when we saw how great the food was...................Grilled Lobster on your all inclusive.......who could ask for more!!!!! The food was varied  there was something to suit all tastes. The menu changed every day of our 2 week stay so it didn't feel samey at all! I was very impressed  coming from a family of chefs  resturantaurs that says alot!!!!!!! The food of course had a lot of Foreign flavours but then hey we are in the Dominican Republic it's not going to be British food.........I really cannot understand the previous bad reviews about this .................................perhaps it was because they didn't serve the heart attack egg  chips type meals we brits so love???? There was fresh fruit available all day inthe resturant which was lovely.........mmm mmm the passion fruits!!!! Neither myself or my partner suffered from a deli belly the whole holiday maybe thats because we were not scared to ask the (friendly) chefs to cook the grill food to our liking! The service in the resturant was also very good the staff were friendly  always there when you needed them.......you never had to wait for anything. They didn't speak much english but they knew all the important words so you could get by  anyway who am i to say anything.........I was in a spanish speaking country so didn't expect them to speak fluent english!The pools were lovely  well maintained the main pool was quite noisey due to the entertainers but if that wasn't for you then there was also a quieter pool that you could use  the beach was absolutely stunning!!!!!! The watersports facilities were great  they certainly gave you variey of things to do! The entertainers were good at their jobs  kept everyone busy with activities......although I myself didn't join in they were always friendly  smiley.Security at the resort was brilliant ......we had no problems ...but then we hired a safe to make sure nothing could happen!!!!!Overall this was by far the best holiday I have ever had ..............and this is one of the best hotels I have been in....... i'm an ex-holiday rep so I been in a fair few. This is not the ritz but then it's not a 5 star hotel  it doesn't claim to be. It's not the most expensive hotel in the world to stay in so I think for what you pay you certainly get more than your monies worth!!!!!! I would definitely go back. Please do not let all the bad reports put you off this hotel...............................It Absolutely Fabulous!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sweetie_piex
<Content>Amazing!       one of the shows  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nicciandandrew
<Content>A great holiday I have to say reading everyone else's reviews before I went was not a good idea, as they were all so negative before I went away. I went there very worried. I came back thinking it was fine, the resort is fine! All worried for no reason.Firstly I have decided to review this resort and counter some of the bad reviews the place has had recently. So please read the last few reviews to understand.1. The food.Was fine! There was variety, and different themes each night, and I would recommend you try the themed food as that is the freshest and nicest! I managed to have a different meal each day, lunch and dinner, and not once did I get a tummy complaint (and I suffer from IBS!). Note: If you get an undercooked bit of meat - ask them to cook it better - its not hard to do - 'Bien Hecho' means well done. Although I have to say I didn鈥檛 see any 'pink' meat.I think what also helped is we didn鈥檛 restrict ourselves to the resort either, although on AI deal, we went to a fab fish restaurant called Jellyfish (amazing!!), and also the Hard Rock. We made the holiday work for us not the other way around.The ala carte restaurants. Don鈥檛 think you should bother. The Mexican isn鈥檛 that good but they are nice in there. The Creperie during the day was lovely.2. BeachWas amazing. And I would recommend if you want a chilled holiday - namely couples 鈥?with no kids or little kids 鈥?go in mid September. We always got a lounger on the beach (no matter what time i.e no need to get up at 6.30am!) 鈥?in fact it was deserted most the time and very quiet and yet the weather was fab (even better was the rain tended to fall in the middle of the night and only happened a couple of times therefore not even noticeable).3. Pools.Didn鈥檛 actually go in them because the beach was so fab, but the pools were always being used so can鈥檛 have been that bad or dirty!4. Rooms.Fine fine fine!! Mini bar 鈥?free! Rooms huge. All in all fab. Cleaners did a fab job. No roaches, pests, great Air Con. Fine fine fine!5. Sellers.Yes there are some a couple of nights a week outside the restaurant and on beach they would walk by. But to be honest they really didn鈥檛 pester us that much, if at all. It鈥檚 not a problem.6.Reception.Checkin and checkout was easy and not slow. The girls on reception not smiley but the guys were and to be honest 鈥?do I really care of one girl on reception doesn鈥檛 smile at me? Not really.7. Saftey.Well I was never worried, and it wasn鈥檛 a problem.Maybe because I had read everyone else鈥檚 reviews I was extra safe. I always carried my safe key with me and never left anything out on the bed or anywhere in the room. I never gave them an opportunity to steal. All in all, this was a good holiday. It is not the best holiday resort ever, but I knew that from the start 鈥?I paid very little for this holiday, and therefore I got exactly what I was expecting. A nice resort, with nice friendly staff, nice food, nice drink and nice all round. If you want a better holiday then pay thousands for it and you will get it. You get what you pay for and I got a lovely holiday.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>liberty_emotion
<Content>Beautiful!!       Rainbow over the pool  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mnguyen31
<Content>Great Family Trip       buffet  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Nedyalc
<Content>Last Resort! We have been very fortunate to have travelled to many countries and stayed in a variety of hotels and this is certainly far from our best experience.The main objective of this trip was to relax in tropical surroundings, sip nice cocktails, chill and do nothing!The Positives- The Beach is abolutely beautiful, far nicer than what I experience in the North of the Country.- The ocean was fantastic, bath warm and no rocks / stones. Only slight drawback was that it got a little choppy near the shoreThe Negatives- The service. I made an official complaint regarding the service which we received. The standard of english spoken at this resort is very poor, however a smile is a universal language! Not here! I was made to feel on several occasions when asking for something (especially a drink at one of the bars) that they were doing me a huge favour! The hotel is definately aimed at non-English speaking travellers.- The Pool. The two pools at the resort are quite large. They did attempt to clean the pools everyday, but its more than a one man job and takes longer than 30 minutes. The pools weren't disgusting, but there was a lot of debris from the surrounding trees.- The Food  Drink. This is not our first AI holiday, but it was th first that we wanted to skip meals throughout the day. The selection is fairly limited (especially if you want to avoid the riskier items like uncooked meats and shellfish). The pasta station was safe, but after two days was getting tiresome.- The rooms. The rooms are reasonably clean and the beds are OK, but the decor is tired and the cleaners could be better (I reaslise that they earn next to nothing, but how hard is it to wipe dead flies off walls and windows).Overall, the location is very good and neighbouring hotels looked nice. If you've booked here, try and get moved!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	2	1	2	

<Author>aowen
<Content>Don't visit !!!! Although the grounds and beach are very nice, the complex has to be avoided.We have just come back from 2 weeks at the Tropical Princess.The first day we got there we stayed by the pool and beach. On the evening my girlfriend wanted to dry off her bikini. We were on the ground floor and hung it on one of the chairs on the balcony. The next morning it was gone, stolen.We also had several roaches a night in our bathroom. I lost count of how many of the buggers I flushed down the toilet. The other people we met were all in 1st, or 2nd floor rooms and didn't have this problem. Maybe it's only GF or room 1114.Now to my real gripe .... FOOD :Firstly, I'm not the stereotypical British tourist who needs fish and chips, pie and chips and burgers constantly. However ... I expect my meat to be cooked through. And hygiene rules to be followed.We had chicken pink in the middle, pork again pink. When you decided enough was enough and got a burger ... yep, red raw in the middle.Myself and my girlfriend had chicken tortilla wraps one night, the next morning we were glued to the toilet. Not just us, from asking other people in the resort we have it that at least another 6 had the same problem. The hygiene standards are disgusting... food left out for far too long in the sweaty fly and bird infested restaurants, spoon used to whisk raw eggs and then left in the ham / cheese. When we told out Thomson rep about the food poisoning he said Yeah it takes a bit of getting used to What a joke!!!The hotel also invites market sellers into the complex twice a week. They setup directly outside all the entrances to the food hall, meaning you have no choice but the walk past them. They badger you constantly. Very annoying.If you do visit Punta Cana, learn to get very ignorant to the sellers. Its the only way to take a walk down the beach.The holiday is over now, but my stomach is still in pieces.THANKS A LOT TROPICAL PRINCESS CHEFS  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	4	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>suggie
<Content>Friendly place with some bad design and great beach ! This place is slow on check in, but the guys are so kind i didnt mind at all, i was there with my 13year old daugther. Better book a superior room, nicer areas, because the rest lacks on the design, not warm. The personnel is very courtois and do their best, the big flaw of this resort is the housekeeping, it was a problem for everyone in the regular rooms. Food was ok, found something good at each meal and the drinks too. Great service from bartenders and servers in the restaurants, dont miss the mexican restaurant, its fun tequila at your table ! The animators are very kind and try their best, but nightlife is inexistant on the resort, youll need to go out and they plan fun stuff to do for about 25$ per person. Somes discos are worth seing. Beach is the best part, take a catamaran tou its worth it, great staff there also.For any medical need there is a drug store with a nice pharmacist that will help you. Room are descent, if you go there in summer, pick a room on the second floor, its cooler. First floor rooms were smelly apperently from people who change room.We were on third and i was fine. The main pool, where the bar is, wasnt always clear and some people got ears infection during my trip. But we had a nice and relaxing week, we met wonderful people, from usa, france, haiti !!! Beach is perfect you can take long walks...  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	2	1	2	4	3	

<Author>Anna&Naz
<Content>Fantastic Hotel!       Shops  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mbysiek
<Content>Service was excellent I just got back from the Tropical Princess in Punta Cana and we had a blast. Contrary to what a lot of other reviewers stated, the workers were extremely friendly and helpful. If you tipped them or knew a little Spanish, you were treated like kings. The resort was filled to capacity, and I think we were the only people from the US. Most of the other tourists were from Italy, Germany, France, or Russia and spoke little or no English. I also noticed that the Europeans never or hardly ever tip. I'm not sure if that is a cultural thing or if that they are just outright cheap. Make sure you give a dollar or two for every drink or meal. You'll make a lot of good friends fast and you'll get excellent service. The resort grounds were beautiful. Workers were outside all day combing the grounds for any imperfections. The only thing I didn't like was a smell that resembled sewage a few tropical trees gave off. These trees had what looked like berries hanging from them so we called them Poopberry Trees. Most of the tourists are families or couples so it isn't the best place for singles. I went with one friend and we are both single, but we still ended up having a great time. We met a few good looking Italian women who didn't speak English so nothing became of that. The club Arieto on the grounds was a good time, but not the best club for singles, unless you want to pay for a night with a Dominican woman. Dominican women are exceptionally gorgeous. They would come up and flirt with you a lot, but would then tell you how much they cost. I wasn't really into that. I went off of the resort into the inner Dominican and found everyone to be friendly. I didn't run into any problems. If you rent a car, don't let your Dominican friend borrow it because he will probably total it. It was interesting riding the cabs located right off the resort. These were composed of dirt bikes where my friend and I would climb on the back. We both average around 220 pounds so picture three people on one of these little dirt bikes weaving in and out of traffic. One time, the driver couldn't make a turn and we crashed right into a car waiting at a stop sign. He was not too happy with the dents in the side of his car and his broken mirror. We fled that scene quickly. The Mamajuana is a different kind of liquor and I haven't seen it in the US. Ask to try some at one of the bars. Don't drink too much during the day. The combination of alcohol and the hot sun will wear you out fast. Ask for Hansel at the Brazilian restaurant and tell him Mike and Tim sent you. He'll take care of you. Make sure you get the VIP package (it was very well worth it). Don't order any drinks with ice in them. I was very sick for a day because of this. We at El Pescador one night and the dinner was awesome. The buffet didn't have a huge variety, but the fresh fruit and pastries made up for it. The pizza was very good there. Make sure you give some beers to the workers throughout the day. They will appreciate it very much. We were there for Hurricane Dean for a day, which was an interesting experience to be part of. The crepes and gelato at La Creperie were awesome. The pools were beautiful. They closed at 7pm, but no one monitored them to see if you went in after that. The spa and workout facilities were impressive for a resort. I recommend getting a massage, but not if you're sunburned. Also, I don't recommend you try driving a car you rent down the sidewalks of the resort. Security doesn't find it as funny as you may think it is. Overall, we had a fabulous time. I can only imagine that the people who would write negative reviews are whiny, expect everyone to speak English, and are too cheap to tip. Let me know if anyone needs any info.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	3	5	4	

<Author>holmes-on-tour
<Content>Paradise still exists       Our accomodation  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	4	3	3	

<Author>love2travel-whitby
<Content>Love grounds everthing else terrible Don't even know where to begin from,starting from check in not friendly at all. The room was poor it had i desk with two drawers for four people to live for two weeks. Had to put towels under door for ants not coming into room. Food was very poor not much of selection.Kids eat pizza and fries for two weeks,constantly ran out of plates had to wait to get food,if you were looking for example mango they said none left.Bars very very poor asked for tropical drink would not now had to make it.Beer was the only safe thing to ask for and still would run out of beer and you would have to go to another bar.Beach towels ran out of clean ones every day sometimes had to use same one for two days, when you ask to replace they said come back half hour go back and they reply to late come back later.The only good thing about this resort was the grounds and beach and thank god weather was perfect.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	1	1	2	

<Author>greencoconuts
<Content>Loved the pizza I would recommend the tropical princess to anyone, but I wouldn't recommend the VIP package unless they have to money to chuck away and like spending loads of time looking at the customer services rep in the lobby.I spent hours there !! My spanish skills sure did improve listening to them for hours on end speaking on the phone whilst I sat waiting for attention. VIP is an acronym for Very Important Person. I felt like the opposite, so did my partner when we were ignored in the a la carte resteraunt - la cava. We upped and left soon after the waitress was too busy sorting out other peoples woes instead of taking our order. Enough moaning, the place was beautiful, a real tropical haven we didn't leave the resort all week. The food was plentiful and they cooked real omelettes for you in the morning. The beach was blissful and the sea sublime. It felt cold when you jumped in but it soon warmed up with the waves. Played water polo in the Caribe pool. Scored a couple of goals but let in a few when I was keeper. Pool bar was ace ! Swim up for a coke and rum how good is that ? Seen a wedding there too. Fancy horses and all. Definantly go back.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	5	2	

<Author>alicia1986
<Content>Lovely hols - with a few bumps along the way! My boyfriend (24) and I (21) have returned from our 2 weeks hols in the Dominican Republic. We stayed at the Tropical Princess with Thomson.1) The flight: One of the best I've been on. Thomson have upgraded all of their long haul aircrafts. For 拢5 each you could upgrade the television in the back of your seat. There was a fab selection of movies (e.g. Wild Hogs, Disturbia, Blades of Glory), over 90 upto date CD albums that you could create a playlist from of over 50 songs, radio, games and lots of fun stuff for kids. The seats have an extra 3 leg room to and it's amazing at the difference it makes.2) Arrival in the DR: On arrival you are greeted by latin music and you have your photo taken (which you buy on your departure). We were quickly taken through the airport and onto the coach after greeting our Tour Rep Louise (who was lovely). The transfer from the airport is under 1 hour and we arrived at the Tropical Princess at around 4.30pm DR time.3) Check-in: Was pretty straight forward, you were given your room key, towel keys and you paid approx. $30 for a safe key. The porters take you and your luggage on the small shuttle buses to your room which is much welcomed after the long flight!4) Room: We were lucky to have a room in one of the villas. Gardenia villa - which my boyfriend was a little disappointed with but it did the job for somewhere to sleep and shower. It had a large wardrobe and quite alot of drawer space. A very large bed and balcony. The mini fridge was stacked daily and our maid was lovely. If you leave a few dollars here and there they will always leave clean towels which we had changed everyday. We had lovely surprises such as flowers and swans (towels) left for us.5) Food/ Buffet: There a variety of specialist restaurants: Chinese, Italian, Seafood, Dominican and Brazilian which are at a supplement of $8pp. The main buffet area which is free Higueros was lovely, I mainly stuck to pasta, which was the best and most popular staple food over there from the queues! My boyfriend enjoyed the pizza (also amazing), chips, burgers and hotdogs! We visited the Chinese in our first week which was quite disappointing, everything was soaked in soy sauce. We also visited the Italian but for what you get you might as well eat in the buffet restaurant and save yourselves $8pp. I was not sick during the holiday but my boyfriend had a bad stomach due to a seafood dish he ate one night, so I would be wary of seafood!!The waiter/waitress service was hit and miss, no matter how many tips you left! One day would be excellent and the next we didn't receive our drinks and waited 20mins to have our table laid- I think this is due to them being very busy - usually between 7.30pm and 9pm!6)Beach/Pool: What can I say the beach is amazing, white sands and crystal blue waters! There was a lot of seaweed but we didn't mind. The beach is also very busy, ONE WARNING - if you do not get up by 6.30am to put towels down, you will not get any beds with an umberella - anywhere!! We were up every morning to reserve our beds, which signs tell you not too, but when everyone else is doing it - it's worth it! There a number of pools which are kept very clean, we had one right outside our villa!7) Entertainment: The entertainment is a little disappointing - mostly catered for Italians, Spanish and French. 10% of the music I heard was in English, but most of the time a guy was shouting on a microphone in Spanish!There were a few good shows we went to see at the large theatre near reception - Play Back is a must see - a little like X Factor. And the Lion King was brilliant! WARNING - wear lots of mosquito repelent - I was eaten alive - I had 24 bites after that one night! It was agony!8) The hotel itself: The complex is large - and is shared with the Caribe Club Princess. When we booked our holiday the only difference between the two hotels is that with the Caribe the specialist restaurants are free and the massive 拢200pp extra to stay at the Caribe! If i was considering the Caribe I would most definately choose the Tropical to save some 拢拢拢!The grounds were huge and there is a regular shuttle bus service to get you around, however we enjoyed walking as the scenery and wildlife was beautiful. The hotels rest on large mangroves, with wild peacocks, chickens, roosters, moorhens and ducks roaming around. There are large fish in the small pools too. People would take bread buns from the buffet restaurant and feed them.9) Our major problem: The only major problem we had during the holiday was to do with our safe key. Each safe has literally a lock and key which cost us $30 to purchase on check-in. There is no master key so if it is lost you must pay $45 to replace it. One afternoon we came back from the beach before going to the snack bar for dinner. My boyfriend kept the key in a sock in the drawer next to the bed (original and silly I know but I did warn him-men eh?!) instantly he knew the socks had been moved and then found that the key was missing. We searched the room from top to bottom and there was no sign. He was sure he had put it there that morning before breakfast. The only other person who had been in the room was the maid. I phoned reception immediately who said I should go to reception. I walked there on my own as my boyfriend wanted to stay to make sure no one came in (even though at this point we did not know whether the safe was empty or full). The guy behind reception kept repeating that if I lost it I must pay the $40 for a new one. I refused as I knew we had not lost it and that it had been taken. He asked me to go back to the room and he would send an engineer to break open the safe...3 hours, 2 men and one pneumatic drill later the safe was finally opened - to our relief everything was still there! During the time the men were in the room, we stayed, at one point the maid came in and my boyfriend saw her try to give the engineer the key but he shook his head and said it was too late. At this point we saw her hanging around the bathroom before leaving. Once the lock was off I went back to reception to get another lock and key! They still refused to give me one until I paid until I blew up and he agreed out of sheer fear I think. We gained another key and learnt from the experience to take the key everywhere we went! The next day, I found the key hidden in a magazine in the bathroom which I believe the maid put there when she came to see the engineer. We never saw that maid again but our new one was lovely. To be honest I am not sure that the maids intention was to take the safe key for our valuables (as they were still there). Our suspicions are that the hotel may orcastrate this to earn an extra few $$$!10) We did two of the Thomson experiences 1) Speed adventure and 2) Swimming with sharks and rays. The speed adventure was amazing, like James Bond and the people who organised it were really friendly! The sharks and rays was also very good, but I was a little scared of the Nurse sharks!11) We also used the spa on one of the wet days - of which there was only 2 - the rest of the time was boiling hot 30 dgrees! We both had an anti-stress massage which was lovely, and well worth the money - $70 for us both for 1/2 an hour.12) Overall the experience was lovely and the people are really friendly. It also helps if you try to speak a little Spanish, I did and it did us a few favours with the staff and service. My boyfriend found a new buddy - Hansel at the snack bar - he was really nice. Also there was an annoying yet compelling song that played constantly over the complex - Estan dificile! (If anyone knows who sings this please let me know!)I hope this review has been helpful, if you have any queries I have opted to be contacted regarding my experience so feel free to drop me an email.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>sandy57
<Content>Great B-day celebration My sister and I just returned from a 4 day 3 night stay at the resort and I must say that we enjoyed every minute of our stay. I was celebrating my 50 th b-day and was looking for a place to relax and sit back. The resort caters to all types of people: adults, children, adolescents, etc. Check-in and check-out was so simple with no complications whatsoever. There are activities for all age groups. The rooms were impecably clean and neat. Our key did not open the door initially but when reported was solved quickly. On night the AC unit was not cooling properly. When reported the problem was solved in less than one half hour. Food was excellent but my sister had a slight upset stomach, but this was do to her over eating. The biggest assest the resort has are its people. Coming from an Island in the Carribbean (Puerto Rico) where we are used to happy and free spirited people, the dominicans are truly friendly and respectful. I honestly believe they enjoy what they are doing and most of all, are very aware of proper customer service. We tipped them generously but I was saddened by the fact they were not tipped as they should have been by other tourists. Most of them work double shifts and after conversations with some of the employees, we found our that they work 11 days in a row for a very, very low salary. Nevertheless, I would return in a blink of an eye. Great B-day celebration.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>paulacross
<Content>"Loved the Dominican but not this hotel!" Me and my boyfriend have just returned from a 2 week holiday staying at the Tropical Princess Hotel. I have to say after reading such fantastic reviews i was expecting a lot more than we got.1) Check in at the hotel was fine although for a 4* hotel i would have expected a safe to be included in the room. When we reached our room the key given to us did not work and we had to wait 30mins before we could gain access.2) In the room we had no hairdryer, couldn't use the clothes draws as the fridge was in front of them and the doors on the wardrobe were boken (which my boyfriend had to fix!). We complained to reception twice to get a hairdryer and when that didn't work our rep complained for us. We then saw a member of staff take a hairdryer from another room which she then gave to us!3) The maid service at this hotel definately needs some attention. We very rarely had fresh towels delivered everyday and when we did get some it would be between 6-7pm. I thought that this was too late in the day as after spending the day on the beach all i wanted to do was get showered and clean! 4) On one particular day me and boyfriend were on an excursion and the maid had smashed a bottle of coke on our bedroom floor. When we returned we were disgusted to find our floor covered in splinters of glass that hadn't been cleared up properly which led to my boyfriend cutting his feet twice. After this incident we were so disgraced that we had to complain. On complaining we were assured that somebody would come and clear the rest of the glass up but did this happen no! we had to ring again the following day to get somebody to sweep the rest up.5) During our stay my boyfriend got sick twice and i got sick once. I have travelled to many places such as africa, thailand and i have even been to the dominican before and i have never been sick on holiday. We only had bottled water, even for brushing our teeth and never ate the salad or anything that could have been washed in their water! I can only guess that it was the food but i won't be going back to find out!6) i've been to the dominican before and stayed in a 3* hotel and found all the staff lovely. However although some members of staff here were friendly and helpful i found many of them rude and had such a poor attitude towards service. It almost felt like they had your money and therefore couldn't be bothered to make an effort, definately not 4* service! Maybe the complex is just to large to provide such a high standard to everbody.Although me and my boyfriend complained nothing really changed and in the end we gave up and tried to enjoy the holiday. I for one didn't want to spend the whole time complaining! That is why i have left it for now!I have to say on a positive note that the grounds were lovely and the beach and pools were also georgeous. You do have the problem of getting a bed by the pool or on the beach as there is definately not enough for everybody so be prepared for an early rise.Entertainment is only really catered for to the italians which is a shame,unless you understand italian you can't really join in. We never went to the evening entertainment so can't comment on that. We just enjoyed having cocktails in the bar!!The majority of people in the hotel were french, italian and german with some american and spanish. Although English people were around we were far and few between and so you would sometimes feel a bit segregated.Although we got sick the food was lovely and there was loads to chose from. We went to the chinese which was nice and made a change, although we did have to pay a bit extra for this.Me and my boyfriend went on 3 trips 1)monster truck 2)Saona Island 3)Speed venture where you get to drive your own speedboat. All the trips were excellent and without fault. The guides were brilliant and the places you visit are lovely so i would definately recommend these.Overall this hotel could be fantastic but we just had too many problems and felt the attitude of the staff and the service we received was extremely poor. I'Ve stayed in 2* places and got a better service than here.The domincan is lovely and the beaches were georgeous but this doesnt make up for the hotel which is where you will spend the most of your time! Unless this hotel improves i would not go back or recommend it to anybody!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	3	2	1	

<Author>thestarScarborough
<Content>Fantastic place but only if you are italian or french have just returned home to uk, hotel good except you need to be italian or french to enjoy most of the facilitys,it is a great pity uk tour operaters can not provide brit's with the same type of quality entertainment and kid's club's as do the italian and french tour operaters. the jym is crap, broken machines, no heavy weights and air conditioning [--]. Oh yes i also advise you to take your own spoons  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>J-Arruda
<Content>Second FAMILY Vacation We went on vacation during the week of June 23 till the 30th. Our flight was from Toronto, Canada with SUNWING and we booked with HOLIDAY MARKET TRAVEL (Grace). Both of which gave us excellent customer service.  We had a long bus ride into the hotel as Tropical Princess/Caribe Club Princess was the last stop but still manageable. We arrived at the hotel and had a not so good reception, as we travelled with a group of 4 couples and had requested all the rooms at least close together. Well, we got three together and the other couple was on the another floor and on the other side of the resort. . We did not appreciated that much...well, we had that changed but waited almost 48hours to get someone to change the rooms. The rooms need a bit of TLC but all in all the beds were very comfortable and house keeping was great (THANKS SONIA !!) . Although that was pretty much the only major speedbump on our trip.  Once all settled in, we all had a great time. The El Hingo Buffet restaurant was awesome. GREAT FOOD, GREAT SERVICE. Breakfest was awesome. We tried the Dominican Restaurant too and I like that also but, not too much of a menu to choice from thou. All in all the food was great and everynight they had a different menu to choose from. Although another minor speedbump was that a few people in our groups got sick on the third day but, we can't determine that it was the food as the other were fine. The beach is beautiful, white sand, crsytal blue water ..... .AMAZING !!! Although another minor speedbump is the lack of beach chairs  beach towels. You really have to wake up early to get a decent place to be at the beach and towels are only available after a certain time. The animation group was OK...they did alot of games at the main pool area. The evening show were AMAZING TOO !!! We caught the festival show and the LION KING show both were great to watch...the LION KING show get 5 stars *****. Our check-out ran smoothly although a bit early but that was cause of our flight out. Our flight back was great we actually got back into Toronto 40mins early...GREAT FLIGHT SUNWING !!!! We will probably go back to Punta Cana but mostly likely check out the other hotels on the strip as I like to see new things. But as an OVERALL rating on the Tropical Club/Caribe Club Princess I give the hotel 3.5 stars.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	2	5	-1	

<Author>Sungodess1973
<Content>Fantastic... Just returned fom a fantastic week here. All the staff are really friendly and it caters for all ages. The hotel is 1 of 3 on the complex however no where was over crowded and lots of free sunbeds available either at 1 of the 3 pools or on the beach. Each pool caters for the individual ranging form a quiet pool area to the party pool which is fab for all ages if you want to have a good laugh and burn off some of those pounds from all the inclusive food and drink:-) It is a very mixed hotel with people from all over the world, we have made some wonderful friends and everyone holidaying here seemed really chilled out and friendly. The beach here is amazing pure white sand and turquoise sea, you can get trips here right on beach too, we went on a snorkelling trip for just $20 for adults and $10 for kids. I did get sick on my last few days here however I did not let this ruin my holiday and I am not going to blame anything I ate or drank for my illness as I dont know if I had a bug or something?! I would definatley go back here and wished I had booked for 2 weeks now.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hnybear
<Content>Great for all! Our group of 13 stayed at the Tropical Princess for a week in April. We had real variety in our group: Family with 2 children under 4, 2 sets of Grandparents with various health issues, very active Aunt  Uncle plus 3 X 30 something singles. We all had a great time. There was something for everyone. The buffet was great. We only went to one ala carte as the buffet was better and no waiting for food to arrive. Entertainment was good, including the kids dance earlier in the evening. The rooms were good but the family room with an extra bathroom and separate room (with door) was fantastic! They even have separate doors to the balcony so you can get little ones to sleep and then feel like you can move about. The 3 pools were wonderful. There seemed to be one for each mood: 1) fun  noisy with lots of things to do 2) full sun for baking in 3) quiet with trees  fountains. Beach was fabulous and ocean good for swimming in. Loved the fact that no one was trying to sell us anything (no time shares, hair braiding, trips etc.) If you wanted these you could approach the vendors but otherwise you were left alone. Grounds were gorgeous!Only issues we had were sun beds are hard come by. A person needs to get up early to stake their claim. My brother had a problem getting his VIP room but this was more to do with Air Transat /Nolitrous than the resort. A person really doesn't need to upgrade anyway. If you have a room facing the Italian stage its *very* noisy from 10-11pm. We just stayed out of the room till 11 each night. My parents asked, and had no trouble, moving to the other side of the building which was quieter. Long story short: our big group with very different tastes  likes all loved the resort and hope to return next year, this time for 2 weeks!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>BellRichmondHill
<Content>Should be called "Tropical Paradise" May 11 鈥?18, 2007My mom, daughter and I (three generations of women) spent a wonderful week at the Tropical Princess celebrating a very special birthday. In honour of this special celebration, our travel agent had made note of this and also requested an ocean view room. We booked with Conquest and flew Skyservice. In the Conquest book, and also our travel agent told us, that if you purchase to stay at the Caribe Princess, you will have privileges to go to the Tropical Princess but not vice versa. This is not true! We spent our entire week at the Caribe pool. I truly feel this is a gimmick where they try to get consumers to dish out additional unnecessary money.The plane departed as scheduled at 6:25 a.m. and our flight was good. Once we arrived in Punta Cana, it was a bit of a walk from the plane to the airport; to the baggage claim area and then back outside to a parking lot full of buses, mini-vans and cars.Our check in was quite quick, however, when we arrived to our room, our balcony faced a fence (and the tennis courts), our mirrored closet doors were smeared with brown spots and the room had a bit of an odor. Needless to say, we were not happy. We called and eventually returned to the front desk to sort this out. At first, the Front desk was not very accommodating even after we explained the request for an ocean view room due to this special birthday. We waited for our Conquest rep, Wendys, who had good connections with the hotel staff and, in the end, they gave us another room overlooking one of the three pools. It wasn't ocean view but then it wasn't a fence either!We found the rooms very standard but clean. There was only a closet and no dresser and we lived out of our suitcases. The rooms were always cleaned late in the day and towels were almost never available before 5:00 p.m. We have been to Cuba a number of times and always enjoyed the little treats that our maid surprised us with 鈥?swans made out of towels, our beds turned down at night, candy on our pillow 鈥?the only thing we got on a daily basis was our bedspread turned to look like a bow. We did have mosquitoes in the room and should have brought bug spray. We took clothes, candies, toothbrushes, gums, shoes etc. with us and gave most of it to our maid and staff at the buffet restaurant. Before leaving, we went to the Dollar Store and Bulk Barn and filled up on items that come at a very high price to the people in the Dominican. They did appreciate this.Both the Lobby and the Theatre where the evening shows are performed are located next to each other and are a bit of a walk from the hotel rooms. We went to the Lobby twice 鈥?once because we were lucky to encounter one of the trams and hopped on and the second time we ended up walking.Note: 1.Make sure you remember to pack all the essentials 鈥?prices in their four shops are outrageous. My daughter forgot to bring her mousse and spent $22 US for a can of mousse, however, a package of cigarettes was $4 US;2.Internet is available in the Lobby for $5 US for 25 minutes;3.If you need to call home, call from your room and charge it to your room at $3 US per minute. We tried to call collect the first two days and were told they could not put the call through. On each phone, there is also a number that can be used to call collect directly, however, when you try it, the call never goes through. I also investigated whether we could call using our credit card but thought better of it once I was advised that there would be a $29 US charge for the connection and $3 US per minute after that. The best deal is the internet in the Lobby or charge the call to your room.The grounds of the Tropical Princess are glorious 鈥?green, lush, spotless, palm, coconut trees and flora everywhere. They are very large and again a bit of walk from one place to another.There are three large pools on the property and, as stated above, we spent our entire time at the Caribe pool. The Animation staff is very friendly, hard-working and tries to engage the tourists to join in their many daily activities 鈥?although they are not pushy.The beach was surreal and lots of it! White pristine sand that takes you for miles and miles鈥? I walked one side of it and passed the Punta Cana Princess and LTI hotels. Ocean was a little choppy and it was quite shallow for the first 50 feet or so. I ended up just putting a beach chair in the ocean and tan at the same time!The food was very good. The buffet restaurant serves breakfast, lunch and dinner, and plenty of it. We ate our breakfast and most dinners at the buffet restaurant. Breakfast was an abundance of the usual 鈥?ready to order eggs/omelets, bacon, potatoes, plantain, oatmeal, several varieties of breads, yogurts, freshly squeezed juices (cantaloupe, watermelon, pineapple) and lots of fresh fruits. The only thing that surprised us was that they did not have any cereal on their menu. Lunch was a selection of pizza, wings, hamburger, hot dog, French fries etc. from the poolside restaurant. We had lunch one day at the buffet restaurant and were treated to grilled calamari. Our dinners were at the buffet restaurant and they offered a variety of fresh pasta and, each night was a different grilled fish 鈥?grouper, kingfish, baby lobsters, shrimp. There are eight ethnic restaurants on the property that require advance reservations. We ate at the Italian one night, Mamma Mia, and it was really good. The pasta dishes were great (don鈥檛 order the tortellini 鈥?they are very small!) and the appetizer/salad buffet was excellent. If you are going to eat at any of the specialty restaurants, book these as early as you arrive, otherwise, you'll not get a reservation or get a late one.There were a number of excursions available, however, we all went on this vacation to rest, therefore, did not take advantage of any. My daughter did want to swim with the dolphins but we were quickly talked out of it as it was considered an expensive excursion ($85 US) for two minutes with the dolphins. Friends that we met down there did go to Santo Domingo but said that it was a very looooooooong day (4 hours to get there, 5 hours to come back, and a lot of walking in very hot weather!)You are probably thinking 鈥?what a long review! This is because it truly was a wonderful holiday, irrespective of the few negatives mentioned above.. The major disappointment, and really, the only one, was what happened on our return. From the first day of meeting our Conquest rep, she emphasized the importance of checking our departure flight information listed in the Conquest binder in the Lobby and to be on time to board the bus at 8:10 a.m. from the Lobby. We had an 11:30 a.m. flight departure. We checked the Conquest binder the evening before we left and the morning as we waited for the bus to pick us up for the airport. The bus arrived late and we left at approximately 8:25 a.m. from the hotel. At approximately 9:20 a.m. in line at the Skyservice counter, I was informed by one of the women who also stayed at the Tropical Princess that she had just asked the VIP staff (the airport Conquest reps) if our flight was on time and was told that it hadn鈥檛 left Toronto. The Toronto flight was to leave at 6:25 a.m. which meant it was to have landed at 10:30 a.m. I went over and spoke with the VIP person in charge and asked for details 鈥?they didn鈥檛 have any. I questioned him about when he received this information and why we left the hotel when they knew the flight hadn鈥檛 even departed. He was very rude and told us that he had received a fax at 8:00 a.m. 鈥?finished, end of story. Given this information and that it was now 9:30 a.m. (3 hour delay) and departure time was not known, why not take us back to the hotel as the buses were still there. He told me it was up to Skyservice. When we got to the Skyservice counter, I enquired whether this was true and, if so, I wouldn鈥檛 be checking in my luggage and asked to be taken back to the hotel. They didn鈥檛 speak English and proceeded to check us in and took our luggage. Then they sent us one counter over to pay our $20 US departure tax and then pointed us to the 鈥渋mmigration鈥?line. By this time, everyone was upset that nobody was talking to us and everyone seemed to be ignoring us. We were being ignored by both Conquest and Skyservice and their attitudes were deplorable. We didn鈥檛 receive any customer service and we certainly were not represented by Conquest or Skyservice. We had to battle it out ourselves. We demanded to speak with someone in charge and we wanted answers. It turned out that the 6:25 a.m. flight did leave Toronto on time but, once in the air, returned to Toronto because of a malfunction. They were awaiting a part for the plane and no one knew how long this would take. Skyservice wanted us to check through immigration and then they would provide us with a 鈥渟nack鈥? It was now 10:30 a.m., plane still in Toronto, no part had arrived, needed time to install part upon arrival, four hour flight to Punta Cana 鈥?you do the math! Skyservice then decided it was going to take all the passengers to a nearby hotel for lunch and then we鈥檇 all return to the airport. We flatly said no to that and continued to demand that they return us all back to our hotels, at their cost, with our luggage. It was a long fight but they did concede and took all the passengers to the Catalonia resort for the day while they arranged for another carrier to take us back to Toronto. We ended up leaving Punta Cana at 11:30 p.m. and arrived in Toronto at 4:00 a.m. I know for a fact that had we not pursued this and demanded customer service, we would have spent the entire day and night at the airport in 32 degree heat!I realize that these situations do happen, however, you book with a particular tour company and it鈥檚 their job and responsibility to advise you, keep you up to date, provide some answers and show some respect and sympathy for these types of situations. We received none of this by neither Conquest nor Skyservice. It is truly when a problem arises that the greatness is measured and in our case, there was none. There was not one happy soul in the whole group that would disagree with this. I will definitely never forget this occurrence and the companies involved.Yes, we had another day in Punta Cana but we had to work for it! We value customer service in Canada and these two companies could take some lessons.Bell Family, Richmond Hill  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	3	4	

<Author>PaulAllenfamily
<Content>Great place to relax Stayed there 7th to 14th May and was very impressed by the facilities on offer.We were offered the VIP upgrade but did not take it, and at the end of the day it was not needed.Food was plentiful and very edible, with service that many top class restaurants would struggle to match. Always a cheery and friendly welcome.Rooms were clean and well looked after. We did have a couple of minor problems which were sorted out - lights failed a couple of times and toilet flush handle broke. But guest services (Ingrid) were always on the ball and sorted things out. When I rang to report one problem I found that themaid had already reported it and maintenance was on its way.Beach is superb very clean and always had room availabele, likewise the pool areas had ample seating etc.Most days we were up and about at 6.30 walking the beach and grounds. Hotel staff would be working already keeping gardens tidy, cleaning pools etc.Fresh coconuts were about from own trees and the gardeners would open them right then and there for you.Reception area is a room to see, it is open sided with marble floors etc. Very nice and very efficient.No tips were expected but appreciated when given Would I go there again - yes without question.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>CrazyEights
<Content>A nice ride.. with a few speedbumps...       Ramon... Princess Activities team member and great guy  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	5	2	

<Author>CamShafter
<Content>Great vacation, very few negatives My girlfriend and I spent two weeks from April 12th to the 26th. We were met by friends for the last week. We all had the VIP which I do recommend booking through your travel agency not at the resort. (cheaper)First off I will start with the few small things that bugged me while I was there.First, the Italians. I found them to be very rude and figure they had to be treated better than everyone else. One morning I really wanted to try archery and so I did. I went there in the morning when it opened and there are two targets/ranges. One range being used by two men (Italian). And the other being used by everyone else. In 45 minutes I got to shoot three arrows, while the Italians had shot well over 50. I asked them if we could use their range and take turns but they shook their heads and act like they didn't understand anything and continued to shoot. Very rude. It was a minor problem and I shrugged it off and continued on.The only second problem I had outside of all the Italians was when my friend arrived into my second week for his first week. They arrived later in the evening and when they got food and their baggage we all went swimming in the ocean. We were lightly wrestling around when his bracelet caught mine and fell into the ocean. We went to the front desk at around midnight to get a new one. The guy said you had to have to old one or it was 50$ US. Long story short he came back in the morning and was very firm with the manager and finally got his bracelet for free. In the hotel room book it says they charge 2$US per bracelet. So just watch out for money scams. Most employees only earn 6-8$US per day.Rooms were great but try not to get a ground floor room in the cayenne sp? building close to the 24 hours bar/snack bar, it can be very loud. Also the italian theatre, yes they have their own theatre, but it pales in comparison to the shows at the international theatre. The lirio building with the lower number, IE) 3201-3210 are closer to the beach and father away from the theatre.Food is great at the buffet and I never had a problem with the variety, although I am not a very picky eater. The al a cartes were fantastic, although I wouldn't recommend the lobster pieces and the Chinese, go for the duck, mmm. The other restaurants I found really good and always better than the buffet.Water sports were fun, catamarans and boogie boarding. Went banana boating once although with the VIP you get 1 hour per person per week of motorized water sports which include banana boating or a trip out to see the old tanker wrecked on the reef.Rooms, fine, always clean no problems. Although on our second week we are supposed to get a small bottle of rum and three cigars (per week) and after 4 days of calling and talking to guest services in person I finally got it delivered.The spa was great, we went the first week for our 20 min massage(VIP) and the next week we had to add 25 mins to our next one because it was so great. I believe it was 35$ for 25 extra min on top of our VIP. Very nice spa and massage rooms.Oh and the walk to the lobby is at most 10 mins from the rooms if you walk extremely slow. it took 10 mins most of the time because we were always stopping to take pictures of the beautiful scenery and animals.Theatre shows are extremely good and the Icebreaker show is always funny. Sit in the front row and its a sure thing you will get on stage once or twice.The Dominican staff are very friendly...not much to say about the Italians. The pool bar is great...can get in real trouble there. Overall I would go back in a heartbeat, but I think I might try something else in punta cana as this is my first time down there so I can compare. But any questions, send me a message. will try and get back to you asap.  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>RsPToronto
<Content>Enjoyed our Week and Comments for Improvements We had the pleasure of enjoying a great week - April 10-17/07 - at Tropical Princess. We enjoyed everything that the resort had to offer - the beach, the food, the entertainment, the drinks and the new friends that we made. It was an experience.Preface to say that we would go back but there are issues that should be addressed to help make the trip and the time at the resort as enjoyable as one expects it to be. The following comments are intended to be viewed as constructive commentary with the pupose being that improvements can be made.It was a beautiful resort but be aware that it shares common facilities with Caribe Club Princess - same site but 2 resorts. We were told that there are approx 55 resorts in Punta Cana and that they are located on approx 20 sites. Thus many resorts share common facilities. We flew down on Sunwing after leaving Toronto at 6:30 am. This was the first concern we had given that we were told the flight leaves at 6:10 am and that we should be at the airport 3 hours prior to departure 3:00 am. The reason we did not leave until 6:30 am was because regulations prohibit departures before 6:30 am. So why doesn't Sunwing adjust its schedule accordingly and indicate departure as 6:30 am.This early departure also become a problem on arrival at the resort. We arrived at 11:30 but check-in is at 3:00 pm. Again, why does Sunwing have such an early departure schedule when you can't even get into your room until 3:00 pm. Once we got to our room and on to the beach, all the recliner chairs were occupied. Like many others who have commented before, you have to get to the beach at 6:30 -7:00 am to reserve beach chairs and sombrias. We were surprised, actually we were appalled, at how many of these chairs/sombrias were reserved yet not occupied for the entire day. This was evident the entire week that we were there. The resort management should have at look at this problem and ensure that, first, there are enough chairs for the number of guests at the resort for that week and, second, that using security staff, chairs that are not occupied for considerable period of time (over 2 hours) be made available to those who have come to spend time on the beach.We also had an issue with towels in our room - either no towels at all on arrival, only 2 sets of towels when there were 3 of us in the room, etc. As a suggestion aimed at basic custormer service, management should advise housekeeping how many are staying in each room so that we do not have to go chasing after housekeeping for towels.Sunwing should also adjust is departure from Punta Cana as that was some experience having to leave the resort at 7:30 am (before breakfast) and sit at the airport for 3 hours (why such a long time) when we could have left the resort at a more reasonable time (after all,check out at the hotel is 12:00 noon) given that the processing at the airport did not require 3 hours. RsPToronto  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>chocolategurl88
<Content>5th times a charm! Let me start by saying that this was the fifth time that my family has stayed in Punta Cana, and we have loved it each time- OBVIOUSLY! I鈥檓 a 19 year old girl, my brother is 30, and my parents are in their mid-50s, early 60s. So it鈥檚 safe to say that we covered all age groups, except for the little ones, but I can tell you that I I鈥檒l start by telling you things that you won't find in other reviews, and then talk about the usual things (food, beach, room, etc.) The Princess Chain is just like Riu, or Barcelo, both of which I have previously been to. If you speak Italian then Tropical Princess is for you! They have their own section of the beach, and night-time entertainment, which is right next to the main restaurant. The Beach is divided into 2 parts, 1/3 is for the Italians and the other 2/3rds are for Caribe Club, because they have more people staying there. At Tropical Princess all the games are catered to Italians, and there is no translations, it just all in Italian. I wasn鈥檛 aware of this when booking, so I booked for that hotel. Luckily Caribe Club Princess is right next door, and we did everything with them. That is where most of you will want to book, because they are like any other hotel chain. If you are French, or speak French you鈥檒l love Caribe Club even more. 45% of all the people staying at Caribe Club are French, and 25% are North American (I asked the Animation Team). There is a group of French-speaking workers who are a team with the Animation guys, and they are from 鈥淓l dorado鈥?or something like that. There are about 3 guys, and 3 girls, and they work in the mini-club (for kids) as well as teach the water aerobics and all the other things that the Animation team does. Now on to the actual resort鈥?br/>When you arrive at the Princess hotel you will be AMAZED at the lobby. It is spacious, and if you are a night-life person, you will spend most of your evening around there. When entering the resort you will see the tennis courts to your right, and just behind it is the disco. When you pass the lobby again on the right is the entertainment area, which is where they have their big shows. While I was staying there I saw their version of the play 鈥淭he Lion King鈥?and they had some other great shows, all professionally choreographed. You can either take their mini-train or walk to your room, where you will meet a fork in the road. This is where Caribe and Tropical separate, but you鈥檒l soon see that they are right next to each other! (the only thing that separates them are the mutual dinning areas) walk a bit further an you will see your main pool, beach bar and grill (with never ending meals- nachos, roasted chicken, burgers, fries, and of course all you can drink services). Lastly, you will see the beautiful beach with little shade areas, which people reserve, even though it says you are not supposed to, and the clear ocean! (Pictures do not do the beach service! The waves are AMAZING! And you could stay in there forever!) ROOMS:If you do decide to stay at the Tropical Princess, stay in the beginning of the 3000s. That鈥檚 where I was, and we were the closest to the beach, and everything else for that matter. But really, it doesn鈥檛 matter, because everything is so close to everything else. The room I shared with my brother had two queen sized beds, and a nice big washroom, which was actually bigger than our parents! There was a connecting door for my parents and us, that we used all the time, for wake-up calls, etc. My parent鈥檚 room was really big, having a king sized bed, and a patio to put clothes out to dry, which we didn鈥檛 have. RESTURANT:The main restaurant is steps away from all the hotel rooms. The service is prompt and the people working there become your best friends in no time. There was this one guy who would cut the fresh fruit, and I don鈥檛 know if he liked me, but he would cut half of a papaya for me, and a whole mango for me, so that I wouldn鈥檛 have to choose from pieces that everyone else chose from. (Did I mention that was before the tip?) There was a variety of food to choose from. 鈥淪taples鈥?that you could count on were their soups (they were really good!) and the variety of thin crust pizzas that were inhaled by guests. There was always something special there, usually based on the theme of the night (Italian, Asian, Seafood, etc.) BEACH:Pure white sand and clear blue ocean. Not enough for you? OK! Wake up EARLY!!!! Even if you have to wake up at 5am, and then go back to bed. You want to get your spot early in the morning, whether it鈥檚 near the pool, or someone on the beach. Don鈥檛 expect to wake up at 11 and find a place. Good luck with that! Just before you go on the beach you will see an activity booth, which is where the Animation team is. They give you your towels from 9am-6pm. But don鈥檛 expect a new towel at 6pm, you might not even get a card, in which case they鈥檒l put your room number and the amount of towels you need on a paper, and give it to you the next day (can you tell that I hung out there a lot?) At the Activity booth you can borrow beach volleyballs, pool volleyballs, putters for mini-golf, and they had something that looked like mini-tennis rackets, that you can use at the volleyball court. The grill at the pool has a washroom to the right of it that is ALWAYS in use, and has a line of at least 2 people. But at the grill, the food is great if you are too lazy to go to the main restaurant to have lunch. You can have hotdogs, burgers, nachos, roasted chicken, these crunchy meat-filled crispy things (the technical term) and pizza. NIGHTLIFE:At 9:45 they start their 鈥淚CE BREAKER SHOW鈥?which is about 20 mins. Then they give out the certificates for the games that were played all day. Their night-shows last till about 11. After that, everyone goes to the lobby, and they party till 12. Those parties were fun, you get to see some great dancers, and if you鈥檙e too old to go to the club, or your kids don鈥檛 want you coming to the club with them (Like I said to my parents) then this is your time to have fun. I would dance with my dad all the time here, and we had a ball! Next, everyone goes to the club, which makes you pay for drinks, since locals can get it. Don鈥檛 worry, it鈥檚 still safe. There are too rooms. The first room plays Euro music, which has hardly anyone in there, and it ends up becoming the room that people go to make-out in. The other room plays EVERYTHING and has a cool black-light, so wear white, it looks really hot!Do me a favour; say hi to Jonathan, Victor, Eric, Fez, Ramzi, J-Louis (aka JLo) Julio, Geraldo, Santo, and all the other Animation guys for me. Tell them their Indian Princess says hi. ANIMATIONJulio is like the head of these guys, even though he鈥檚 3rd in command, really nice guy, and is there to make your stay as funny as possible. He does this funny horse impression and really knows how to make funny facial expressions (you鈥檒l want pictures of that!)Jonathan hits on EVERY GIRL! (no matter what age!) and expects you to ask how he is, before you ask for your towels. Just say hi, how are you, and then tell him how many towels you need. DO NOT TIP HIM! He gets insulted if you give him a dollar ( I saw his reaction after someone did)Victor is this young guy who just started working there. His English isn鈥檛 all that great, but he鈥檚 a quick learner. He will dance with anyone who wants to learn, and he鈥檚 a great teacher. He and Geraldo are like best friends, and both are willing to do anything to make sure you have a great time. Geraldo is so funny, and can dance!Eric and Santo are the DJs there, and they do the music at the night-shows, and at the lobby parties. They play GREAT music there. Fez, JLo and Ramzi are French workers, but are so nice. Fez runs the ping pong, and all three do the translations for a lot of what goes on there. Hope this helps. If you have any other questions e-mail me at desouza.c@hotmail.com  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	3	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>CalgaryKell
<Content>real nice resort This is a lovely resort with very well maintained grounds. They are spotless. It almost feels like you are in a national park setting. In the front section of the grounds is a mango tree perserve. The staff is real friendly, much better than cuba. The food is fine. The one night the 12 of us went to one of the a la carte restarants the food was sub par so we decided to stick with the buffett which had a different theme every night. THe resort has three pools which we really liked. They go from extremely noisy to very quite. The beach here is teuly magnificant. LOng ,wide and pretty clean. THe sand is white and fine and the water very warm. The rooms, well not that great but ok. Try to get in the newest section for a better room. Did I say we where there April 12 - 19, 2007.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NotSoMini
<Content>Tropical Princess is Great! We were very happy with our week at the Tropical Princess!We travelled from East Coast Canada via Sunwing, and were impressed with this charter airline and its services. We were offered champagne, a meal with wine, and complimentary drinks (non-alcoholic) and snacks on the outward flight, with the same, sans champagne, on the return to Canada. We had prepaid for seats with extra legroom, and were happy we had done so....loads of room!Tropical Princess, and its sister resort Caribe Club Princess, function as one large resort, with guests having access to all facilities, although having to pay a little extra, sometimes, if you had not paid for VIP service.Our room was spotless, and had two double beds - very, very comfortable. Housekeeping service was great. We used only one of the three large, free form pools at this resort, and found it clean and cool - but not too cool!The beach is beautiful, and we spent a lot of time floating around in the azure ocean - we were very surprised at the large number of people who don't seem to stick even one toe in the water, at any time! The resort is lovely, with well landscaped grounds, prowling peacocksand other birds, a few small shops to buy things at greatly inflated prices (by my reckoning, suntan lotion would set you back about $25 or $30 US, so take lots from home!), pretty buildings, friendly staff. We could always find something good to eat (although we were not brave enough to sample some of the more exotic offerings) and I am still dreaming about the flan available at this resort. La Creperie was great for an afternoon snack of ice cream (try the coconut!) or a sweet or savory crepe offering.We were also happy with the drinks we were served, whether at a restaurant, the lobby, the beach or a pool bar. Coco Loco and Pie Pie(I am not sure whether I am spelling that correctly) were my personalfavorites - yes, way too sweet, but really good! Even though there are a few glitches in this, as in any, resort, the one thing we'd like to note is that this resort does not seem to haveenough beach and pool chairs for the number of guests - either that, or many people are reserving chairs at both the beach AND pool. Itseemed the whole resort was up and at it early in the morning (prior to 7:00 a.m.) 'reserving' chairs.The lack of chairs and 'late arrival' of those who thought they had reserved chairs by virtue of placing their towels or other belongingson them - which were subsequently removed by other people - served as a source of entertainment for us as we sat on the beach, sunning ourselves and people watching. Loud arguments ensued in a variety of languages......All in all, however, we would return to this resort in an instant!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>vacation_lovers99
<Content>loved the weather I recently visited the resort (Tropical Princess/Caribe Club Princess) in Punta Cana from April 9-16 2007 with some family members. We had a great vacation. The resort was well kept. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The bartenders at the main lobby were great. Dominga knows how to mix great drinks. Our concierge James was very helpful and friendly. He made my birthday an enjoyable experience. The only problem we had with the hotel was with our VIP package. We arrived on Monday but only received our full VIP package on Wednesday after continiously requesting it. James, the concierge, was the only person helpful in providing us with our package. The guest service representative would tell us we would have our package in the room waiting for us but the robes, beach towels, premium liquor, cigars, etc. would not be in the room. The spa facility was great. The Gym was Ok (equipment was fair however a personal trainer is available)The food at the a la carte restaurants were good especially LaCava, The Brazillian, Mexican, Japonese and Italian. The VIP package is the way to go because the superior rooms are standards, nothing to special. Don't expect luxurious accomodations by getting a VIP package however you don't spend a lot of time in the rooms. The rooms were clean. What else do you expect from a 4 star hotel. The nightly entertainment shows are OK but could use some modernization. Certain shows were boring. A lot of people would gather in the main lobby after the shows for a few drinks. This was very nice. They also had dancing in the lobby between 11:00 and midnight before people heading out to te night club which was next door. The entertainment staff were very friendly and would get people to participate in the daily activities. If you are looking for a reasonable price resort with some activities, this resort is OK. If you like shopping/ bartering we would recommend the location because about a 10 minutes walk to the market on the left side of the beach and a 25 minute walk to the right side of the beach. beautiful beach!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>TorontoReviewer7
<Content>Stayed at the Tropical Princess in April Like most of the DR hotel reviews, the ones on the Tropical Princess were mixed. We booked with some confidence about the place, but with lowered expectations regarding food and accommodations.Overall, the stay was above average and we got a good package deal.Food:The food at the buffet (La Higuero) was pretty sufficient most of the time. Formulaic food stations that would vary their dishes a bit based on time of day (breakfast vs. lunch vs. dinner) or each day by cultural theme. One day it was Mexican, another day Asian, another day Seafood. Go expecting generic quality and you'll be ok. None of the cultural specialties were any better than a restaurant here in Toronto that specializes in that cuisine (e.g. Italian, Chinese, Seafood, Steak). However, it was all pretty much passable. The pasta bar was pretty decent and sometimes busy. The omelettes, teppanyaki, seafood mix, were also pretty decent. I would recommend going with most of the cook-to-order food stations, as the food seemed to be fresher and you had some choice with ingredients. The pizza station was popular but pretty weak tasting. The funny thing was everything tasted just a little bit different than here. Even mainstream things like hamburgers and hotdogs, but not offensive at all. The service at the buffet is very quick, attentive and friendly.One of the only things I didn't like was the fact that it is outside (covered, but you still get the odd fly).The Brasilian ala carte is included in the standard package as is the Dominican. We found the Brasilian pretty weak and the Dominican abit better - the steak and grouper were good.Although it says the dress for dinner at the ala cartes is pants only, long shorts and a decent shirt will be ok.Got a bit of upset stomach, but nothing some Pepto couldn't solve.Accomodations:The superior room was decent - clean with ceramics but a bit rustic.We had an issue with small red ants the 2nd day on the wicker table.Called housekeeping and they came and sprayed some form of Spanish Raid all along the edges and inside the wicker. We had to leave for a few hours and didn't put anything edible on the table afterwards, but never saw another ant the rest of the trip. However, these small mosquitos seemed to get into the room because the hallway is open to the outside and they would come in when the door was open. We couldn't hear them but I woke up the first day with 6-8 bites on areas of my arms not covered by clothes. I wore a long sleeve shirt,trackpants and socks after that and had less bites. The TV has cable and gets a fair number of English stations. The bathroom was fine and the walls were soundproof but the doors are paper thin wood. Add in the open concept hallways that echo and you could hear people talking in hallways or moving suitcases and furniture on the upper level.The Resort:There can be a lot of walking because the resort is big and spread out between the units, beach, main pool, main lobby and concierge. I could see how it might be hard if you were immobile or elderly. We were at the Trinitaria unit which was a bit farther away from the main pool and buffet so a little more walking, but also a little more quiet.The beaches are nice - hot sand and a bit of a breeze. Temperature is a bit humid but we had 7 straight days of sun with no rain. The A/C in the room had trouble keeping up on the plus 30c days. There are 3 pools and lots of free activities all day. You have to get up pretty early to grab a beach hut or poolchairs.The Kids club is quite good and for 7 dollars its like a full day of babysitting and activities if you want. Stuff like outdoor pool games, pingpong, banana boat rides, soccer, tennis and they'll even take the kids to lunch.Everyone at the resort was generally friendly. We didn't run into anyone rude at all. Tipping early and often helps. I would also bring lots of 1 and 5 dollar bills. Not too many people have USD for change and you don't want to have to exchange while you are there, as you'll lose based on the rate. Also, if you take a trip to the Tower Princess Casino you can only play certain games in USD. The ATM's only dispense DR peso's.The Spa is a bit expensive and there is a free gym which is small butadequate.Overall, it was an above average resort.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	4	2	

<Author>jujukik
<Content>Nice Place We just returned yesterday from the Tropical Princess in Punta Cana. The resort was nice and the staff were great. We enjoyed our stay at the resort, but were extremely disappointed with SunWing Travel group. We booked with SunWing (and did not get the best deal) but went with them anyway. It all sounded great. Enough about SunWing for now.Upon our arrival at the resort, we were treated well and escorted directly to the door of our room with bellboy and all. The resort was well kept and fairly clean. The pool with the swim up bar could use a little TLC, but was okay. The other 2 pools were great. Getting lounge chairs each morning was fairly painless as long as you are up and out with your towels between 7:30 and 8:30 am you'll locate loungers. We were travelling with 3 of use (2 adults  1 teenager), so were looking for 3 loungers each morning and would find 3 with no problem between the 3 pools or the beach. The only time we had problems with locating loungers was on Thursday and Friday of our week (the last 2 days of our trip). Thursday was the start of the Dominican holy week, so many Dominican's came to the resort, increasing the number of guests. Then a flight to London, Eng had mechanical problems so all of those individuals were relocated for 2 additional resorts, including the Tropical Princess, increasing the number of guests yet again. The food was fairly good, but grew tiring about half way through the trip. Thank god for the pasta bar in the buffet (El Huegero). The buffet was clean and there was lots of selection, but seemed the same everyday, with a couple of twists each evening. The Brazilian restaurant was very good and the wait staff were amazing. El Pilon (Dominican restaurant) was okay, but some of the wait stuff were pretty dull and not overly friendly. This would include the bar between El Pilon  El Higuero. The bar staff at this location on the resort, were more hassled by drink requests than anything else. The staff at the beach bars were relatively better, especially if you tipped consistently (they seem to remember who tips and who doesn't). Only problem with the beach bars is that there is only one bartender at each bar, but numerous people waiting and no order whatsoever.The Activity Centre staff were incredible. There was constantly activities on the go and they did a great job getting people involved without being pushy. From water aerobics, to dance lessons, beach volleyball, waterpolo, you name it they did it. Then they have quiet time for a couple of hours each afternoon and start up again around 3pm until 6pm. The rooms were clean and we were well looked after. We left our roomcleaner $2 USD each day and she insured we had clean towels each day and there was lots of water and soda left in the fridge for us. The beds were okay, but I question whether there might have been a few bibits in the room each evening.There are tons of things for young kids to do (under 12 years) and the Kids Club staff do a lot of good stuff with them. For teenagers, unless they are super outgoing there isn't a lot. The Teen Club is a small building with a couple of pool tables a foozball table and some music, but nothing more going on for them. Our son had a good time (13) but didn't get interactive with much. He met some others his age, but everyone we met either spoke French, Spanish or German. Very few english speaking folks on the resort. The only english speaking we met were those on our flight. Thank goodness we are bilingual.Day trip was fantastic. We book with Bavara Safari, which is an all day excursion. Pick up at 8:30 am and return at 5pm. It is $80USD per adult and is all inclusive and worth every penny. Spent the day seeing a real dominican family home, sugarcane plantation, visiting the market, a village school, a mountain ranch where they feed you, take you for horseback ride, make cocoa and coffee and then head to a public beach and all the while, constant drinks (beer, rum, water, soda) on the ride itself. All in all it was a good time and the weather was great. I would recommend for families with small children as there is lots for them to do or even couples without children, as there is a disco at the front of the resort and a 24 hour bar and snackbar at the beach.We enjoyed our time there, but by comparison to other places we've travelled to in Mexico (baja and yucatan) and the Turks, we will probably not return to DR.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>SarahMorales
<Content>Best Beach!!               
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	3	3	4	4	4	

<Author>lpbear
<Content>An excellent vacation resourt We stayed at the Tropical Princess from March 17-26.We have vacationed in the Carribbean for the past 10 years and found Punta Cana to have an excellent beach.Tropical Princess is not a resourt you would immediately pick out of the book because it seems small but keep in mind two resourts actually use the same facilaties.The rooms were clean and staff very friendly.The VIP package was part of our travel agents promotion and it was worth it.Liquors such as Baileys and Grand Marnier ,bottled beers such as Miller and Heinikein could be had by simply signing your name and room number.The buffet was very good especially the chicken.We always had a nice omellete in the morning.House wine was fair but the champagne was good.We ate at the Italian,Mexican,Chinese,and LaCava.All were excellent but not very busy.We left on one excursion for Sonia Island;This was a nice change but definitely not worth the money.The Sun Wing rep oversold us on this one-a very long day with lots of people trying to sell you things!My wife really enjoyed the 20 minute Swedish massage.The walkway from the lobby to the rooms is very beautiful with lots of wildlife such as ducks,peacocks,and other birds.We would recommend this resourt.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OntarioMia
<Content>Great Mother/Daughter Vacation My daughter (age 17)  I just returned from our annual mother/daughter vacation. Were at the resort from March 13th to the 20th. First time to the Dominican for us. Usually have travelled to Cuba. Love it there! Thought we'd try something different this year. Flight: We flew with Sunwing. Great Flight actually arrived early into Punta Cana. Hot breakfast served! Great service. Transfer: Very smooth! Cleared customs, retrieved our luggage and found the sunwing booth no problem. They directed us to our bus. Make sure to ask them were to locate the bus as even though they are numbered they are not parked in sequence. Found our bus which was a coach and had air conditioning. One word of caution. If your bus is dropping off vacationers to other locations before your stop be sure to glance out the window when they unload luggage. I had been warned about this and sure enough the stop before our hotel they took our luggage off by mistake. I ran out of the bus and had them load our suitcases back on the bus. Close ONE!!!! Thank you fellow trip advisor!!!!Check In: Went smoothly. Had my daughter wait for our suitcases and went ahead to check in. We were very lucky, this will probably never happen again. Our room was ready!!!! Normally for those of you who travel frequently already know that when you arrive early your room usually isn't ready until about 3:00 in the afternoon. We were taken directly to our room at 11:00 am. Make sure to ask for your safe lock. $24 us for the week. Never been at a place where they charge for the lock but oh well it is a must when travelling. Room: Stayed in the 2nd villa. Room was clean, everything in great working condition. Airconditioning, washroom, etc. 2 double beds and balcony. Did have a vanity and area for the tv in the room but no dresser and no shelves in the closet. I leave my clothes in my luggage anyways so I didn't mind. I'm not one to unpack all my clothes. I just hang up whats needed. So that was fine. Maid service was prompt and there were always fresh towels by dinner time when we returned to our room to get ready for dinner. Always had hot water when need and good water pressure.  Pools: There are 3 on the resort. Only used the pool by our villa as it was right outside our door. Found it nice to be able to run back and forth to room if needed. Ocean was only about 2 minute walk from our pool as well. Ocean: Unbelievable, very clean beach and white sands. You could walk for miles. Ocean was little rough but oh well it was still fun!! It's very hard to beat the beaches in Cuba!!!!Food: Only tried one restaurant, the oriental. The food was amazing and very nice atmosphere. The rest we just ate in the buffet. Don't really like being on a schedule during vacation so utilized the buffet most of the time. Everynight they have a different theme. Alway a good variety to choose from. Oh yes and Creperie is amazing. Fresh crepes and icecream every afternoon!!! 2 beach bar grills close to ocean as well if you don't want to walk to the buffet for lunch. We were very careful not to eat or drink anything outside of the resort. My daughter did have a little stomach problem the last 2 days but I had taken some medication so it was no big deal. No cramps or violent sickness just a few extra visits to the bathroom needed. I think it's just the change in the enviroment. We're now home and it's been a couple days and she's fine now. I ate a variety of things within the resort and I was fine. Just remember you are travelling to a different country and be very cautious of eating and drinking outside the resort. And also be prepared take stomach medication as it can happen. Staff: All staff were very friendly and helpful. Most of the staff that work at the bar (at least by our pool), front desk and gift shops speak english. Other staff such as maids, waiters etc donot speak english. Never any issues with not being able to get questions answered. Mosquito: Yes there are mosquitos but there in ontario in the hot weather too. They are not a issue unless you happen to get a humid evening. We did have a couple of those. Just make sure you keep your balcony doors closed and because there was a small space under the door, I just put a towel down to block them from coming into the room. Old cottage habits!!!! That was only on a couple of nights though. We always take bug spray anyways, so we were prepared. But I would recommend Malaria medication because Yes there are mosquitos there. We took them, better safe than sorry. Only seen them in the early evening though. Seems like later in the evening they go into hiding. Kind of like here in the cottage country!!!Shows: Only went to 3 shows, seen one seen them all!!! Frequent traveller know what I mean!!Markets: I found very annoying. You have to barter for everything. They try to get you everytime. Very expensive! I found the gift shops on the resorts less frustrating and prices pretty much the same except you don't have to barter. Don't get me wrong I like to barter but when you're just looking for a couple of cheap keychains or tropical necklaces it becomes a 20 minute process as opposed to a 5 minute purchase unless you want to get ripped off. At the resort tshirts were $10, keychains $3 not too bad. Didn't really go to shop but we enjoy looking through markets and they are very hassling and sometimes annoying. It wasn't a very relaxing experience. Oh well, that's the Dominican! In Cuba it is not like that in the markets. People donot hassle you to buy and their souvenirs are so cheap you sometimes end up giving them more because you feel bad. The resorts however rip you off though. So it's a catch 22 whereever you go. Tours: Only did one day adventure. Went of the tour of Punta Cana area. Visited a school, house, sugar plantation  a farm. Went horseback riding (20min) and to a beach. It was a long day but very educational. I'm not the touring type of person so I would probably never do this again. However it was interesting and my daughter enjoyed it. We've always done the catamaran trips in cuba so we decided to do the cultural thing this time. Now we can say been there done that! ha ha.. To sum it up, I would return to this resort for a fun in the sun vacation with my daughter. I think however if I were to return as a family i would choose and bigger resort. Because the market experiences were very annoying we ended up spending most of our time in the resort area which was fine. My idea of a vacation is sitting by the pool or ocean and enjoying the sun. However if sitting in sun all day is not your cup of tea and you like to wonder this resort is small but quaint. It offers you everything you would want but is a smaller scaled resort. It is by no means a luxury 5 star resort but it is clean and the service was excellent. We had a wonderful time and the weather was excellent. When going on vacation my most important feature is cleanliness and we cannot complain about that. In all, this resort is a great value for what you pay. It is one of the less expensive resorts but gives you everything need to enjoy the sun.....  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>cyprusgirl2000
<Content>Pretty Good       master bedroom  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	4	2	

<Author>ChicaLocoOntario
<Content>The Good Outweighs the Bad We went for our very first out of country vacation to this lovely resort. I reccomend the following when you travel to this location:1. Get everything you are promised in writing from your agent, the hotel and the package provider.We were promised Superior VIP and received only Superior. Big Deal you think? For us it was. We budgeted for the trip. We were told 100% all inclusive. We ended up having to pay for the restaurants that we'd been told was included. We had to pay to use internet (as it was the only way we could reach our travel agent) We were promised the bottle of rum, the three cigars (not that we smoke - but you know), the bathrobes, the beach towels and a certificate for another restaurant.2. Pay the $24(ish) for the safe. We got ripped off $100. USD So, this time around, no souvenirs.3. Bring tips for the hotel staff. We forgot twice to leave out $2 and we had to call for towels. On the last day of our stay we left early for a tour and forgot, and we didn't get clean sheets. I know this because I had a little eyemakeup on my pillowcase and it was still there. 4. Take your shoes in your carry on. They disappear.5. Make sure to get your fresh towels at the activity booth for the pool. 6. Get yer butt out of bed to reserve your beach chairs - honour system here. You put your towel on your chair and no one takes it. Very impressed with that.7. Learn Spanish!8. Be patient at the bar. It's a different style down there. A tip goes a long way in the service you receive.9. Beware of Mamajuana (no, not marijuana) It's an awesome drink - and so does the Caribe Princess. Wow, what a kick.10. Use a 30 sunblock. No kidding, I got a tan and a slight burn!11. If you are used to Broadway, you may not enjoy the shows. But they do pass the time in the evening. The discoteque isn' t that great. They should focus more on beach parties or pool parties at night. Evenings are pretty quiet.12. Get your prescription of Cipro(sp?) It sure cures the run to the banjyo's! Can't put my finger on what gave it to me...but sure appreciated the prescription.13. The food:El Pino - Dominican Restaurant. Not bad. Excellent Lamb. Not fussy on the Domincan Soup - was a stew basicallyMamamia - Italian - Great Magnifico - all four of us loved itThe Seafood - Great! Even the hubby liked the fish.La Sombrero - Mexican - Muy Bien! We even had a small mariachi band serenade us. The waiters were most fun.La Cava - very intimate French restaurant. Lovely serviceThe Daily Buffet - good lord the breakfasts were amazing! You name it , they had it. Eggs a little runny, awesome omelettes. 14. The Beach - It was beautiful. Clean white sand. Nice thatched umbrellas to hide from the sun when too hot. Chairs were a little abused. Make sure to get a flat one so you can lay on your tummy to sun...and those ones have a holder for the drinks. There is a small group of young people - Blu Club - who get you involved in all sorts of crazy activities. Wouldn't you know the first time I get up to learn to dance we have to play a weird version of musical chairs. It was a blast.15. Flora and Fauna. Not alot of variety. Some birds, most flowers weren't really out. And there were very few insects to bother us.16. Book the VIP Saona cruise. You get a great tour of the country on your way to the boat. Gives you new appreciation of the people and the country. Treated veyr well by the tour operators. Great food. They really took care of us and appreciated our business. 17. Beach stores. There is a stretch of little shacks down the beach where you can purchase local art, jewellery, t-shirts, hats, bags, rum...etc. Looking back, had I not got ripped off, I would have bought my souvenirs there. Much cheaper than on the resort. Use USD when shopping there. And bargain your purchase. Don't pay full price. One shop keeper wanted $15 USD for a small wooden carved frog. I got him down to $6 and if I didn't need to use the banjyo so bad I could'a got to $4. Mind you, I wouldn't recommend getting the alcohol there...That I would have bought at a resort shop or duty free shop. The larimar and amber jewellery is gorgeous. Just make sure of the quality of the construction. The nicer shack operators get invited on the resort during the evening near the restaurants to hock their wares...bargain there too. Don't pay the first price asking. Would I go back - darn tootin!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>4	2	2	2	3	5	3	2	

<Author>dave&cathy
<Content>great time       lobby  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Stefan_Toronto
<Content>Our first vacation to Punta Cana       Lobby  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>john6tf4
<Content>I will go back Hi I went to Tropical Princess with my family and friends. After reading some of the above reviews I can't resist writing one.We had a great time. The grounds are beautiful, lots of activities, the beach is very nice. The hotel has 3 pools to choose from. I am astonished that some people don't like the food. If you call food a frozen pizza then maybe you won鈥檛 like it there. The food is good and fresh; the a la carte restaurants are worth visiting. My advice for those people who complain of the staff: A little tip will work wonders. After a $1 tip they will always bring you coffee and drinks and will make up your room. It is a poor country and the people are very friendly if you are friendly with them.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dropusaline
<Content>Tried Tested and True - 2nd time as good as the first       activities pool  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Ispt
<Content>Great Hotel Really good!Not a 5*, but even so, everything was great! Good rooms, very good buffett, nice staff and great vacations!  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Entoucas
<Content>What a great way to spend New Year's!       Gorgeous beach!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>BLEXV6
<Content>Nice resort, but the front desk staff left a lot to be desired. A group of us, (14 in all), attended the Tropical for the week of December 14 to 21, 2006. Let me just say, that there are a lot of negative people writing reviews and I have often found that despite the complaints, I have usually had nothing to complain about as these resorts are generally great. I say this, because for me to complain, there had to be issues that should not occur. I also have been on several vacations to Dominican, Mexico and Cuba, incuding 4 in Dominican, including The Punta Cana Princess and Bavara Princess, which are all part of the Princess Chain, so we have come to expect good things from a Princess resort. I do note that The Tropical is not rated as high as the two other mentioned Princess Resorts. Anyway, here we go.Sunwing: We have always had good luck the few times we have used this Carrier. The planes are decent, and have very few travelling problems. This time however we were not satisfied. Firstly, about 2 weeks before our trip, Sunwing changed our time to depart from 6 AM to 6 PM, and did not change the return time and as such we lost an entire day. Suffice to say, this did not sit well with any of us. To Sunwings credit, they offered a credit on the next trip we had. We were not receptive to this as this limits your trip selection to one carrier next trip. After several calls, they credited back to our credit cards, $100 per passenger. This was fine. However when you depart at 6PM, you do not get to your resort until after 12AM, and if there are any problems, when you check-in you need to suck it up and deal with it the next day. For this reason, when we are booking trips we always look for the early departures and if we had known Sunwing was going to change the time we would have booked elsewhere. However if they change the booking time after you are booked, you are screwed. Anyway, enough complaining about Sunwing.Check-in: We did not arrive at the Tropical until 1:30 AM, so we were all tired. We were a group of 12 checking in, consisting of 4 families, and the other couple arrived the next day. There were 2 other couples in front of us also from our flight. Long story short, all couples had trouble, checking in, as the person at the front desk was just simply incompetent. The bar at the lobby was closed, no one there to greet us, no drinks while we waited. It was very annoying. Sunwing, due to their change in times, should have arranged with the Tropical, to have us properly taken care of due to their changes. The person at check-in, was so disorganized, all of the contents for each rooms envelopes, such as towel and room cards were all over the desk and mixed up. He could not get the room cards programmed etc. This should have been done before our arrival. We were unable to leave the Check-in until 3 AM, to get to our rooms. Then we partied at the beach bar until 4:30 AM.Bars: We had VIP, and this resort had a very good selection of drinks. As usual, the quality varied from bar to bar, but they were generally good and no complaints here. The employees at the bar were exceptionally friendly, especially if you exhibited some spanish words for them. Buffet: Food for the most part was delicious, with good drink service at the table. The employees here were quite friendly and helpful. There is food for everyones tastes, although hot food was sometimes cold. Minor stuff.Ala-cart: We only attended one, La Cava. I had the Steak which was good, but others in our group, were not happy with their meals. Also, the Ala-carts in general I find the food is marginally better than the Buffet, with significant waiting time, in our case we were there for 2.5 hours. This was included with our VIP package, but 2 couples did not have the VIP. The cost was $50 USD per person which was rediculous. We had however previously agreed with front management, due to the check-in fiasco, that they would not charge these couples as a peace offering. When we finished our meal the employees at La Cava insisted they needed payment to which we refused and went up to the front desk to get it sorted out. The person that had previously agreed to the 2 couples getting the meal with-out charge, said that that was the only ala-cart resturant we could not get the two couple free. At the initial time of this deal, we stated if there was a problem, please advise us and we would not attend La Cava. They never advised of the problem. Anyway, they ended up not charging us, but had us sign a waiver, that looked like a Bodily Injury release, after being paid off by an insurance company. Again, the management here is terrible.Beach: If it is not the best beach in the World, it has to be close to the best. The sand, water, just beautiful, the beach is also very clean, with plenty of chairs. The water was warm. The Bavaro beach is excellent.Rooms: We had the VIP rooms which although dated, are roomy and clean, although the bed was rock hard and broken, The frame was broken in the middle, and the front door jamb was broken leaving our room a little less than secure, although we had a safe, and all contents of value were in the safe. It looks like someone tried to break into the room in the past. Two couples had non-VIP rooms in a different building and although they were smaller, the rooms were more modern looking, with updated and nicer furniture. Must have been newer or newly renovated.Grounds: Very clean and well manicured. This resort is expansive and has jungle like walkways from the rooms to the front desk. It was a pleasant 10 minute walk from the rooms to the front desk. They have trams to deliver you but the walk was nice and the trams are too infrequent to be bothered with.Now you may think I am being too critical, and most things about this trip was great, but first impressions last, and this resort needs a management change and employee change at the front desk, and Sunwing, needs to ensure that if they are delivering us late to this resort, that they speak with the Tropical, and be ready for us, including the niceties such as a drink when we walk in to the resort. It would have made that brutal 1.5 hour check-in better. I was told by our Sunwing representative, that we should not expect the same level of service at the Tropical, that we received at the Punta Cana Pricess and Bavara Princess. While I agree with this, the decline in service usually involves, rooms that are not as nice, no beer in the barfridge, (Tropical Had this), food not as good, (was on par with the others), but not the staff at the front desk. How hard is it to check-in. I also note that this check-in is also for the higher rated Caribe Princess. So I do not get it.I will Never attend this resort again, and will rethink any attendance to a Princess resort, although we have had good luck in the past. It's a pity, because once you get past the check-in, the resort is good. First impressions however do not help. When you disappoint 12 people, plus the other 2 couples ahead of us, you are loosing a lot of would be return customers.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	5	4	1	4	4	

<Author>PamO
<Content>Awesome! Will go back!!!!! Just got back from TP Sunday Dec 3 and we can not say enough about how great this resort is. The resort itself is gorgeous. The staff are very friendly and go out of their way to help. The beach is just beautiful. The reviews that complained about the food....I don't think they were at the same resort as me. I am generally pretty picky about food and I just loved the food here. I had upgraded our trip to VIP as a birthday present for my boyfriend. I can tell you that it does have it's advantages BUT beware, it's cheaper to upgrade at the resort rather than through the travel agent.The only problem we had with our trip was NOLITOURS. Beware when booking with them.This resort is great and we are already trying to plan our next trip there.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>caribetrekker
<Content>Beware American Travelers This is not the first time I booked a trip to the Domincan Republic, I stayed with 11 other family memebers in Casa De Campo 4 years ago and then the experience was amazing; which now I hear and have read in TripAdvisor that that resort has turned for the worse. Anyway, 9 of us booked a trip to The Tropical Princess Beach Resort and Spa and we got a pretty good deal. The bad vibes started with our 45 minute trip from the airport to the hotel which was about 30 minutes longer than stated on the web site. We were on the shuttle bus and the guide kept telling us to make sure we met with joanne in the morning for just 5 minutes so we could shedule our return which ended up being a Timeshare sales pitch that stole mi sister for over 4 hours. We can count this one as lie number 2. So beware. You do not have to meet with anyone from the shuttle company to schedule your pick up. The room was adequate and had no technical difficulties like friends of mine that were staying at the Bavarro Princess who were switched from their rooms 3 times because the others had flooding and plumbing issues. Make sure you bring a scented candle so you can eliminate the musty smell of the room.The resort in general was very beautiful but how can you go wrong with such an amazing location. The beach is beautiful and the pools were nice.The food was horrible. The portions at the smaller outlying restaurants were pathetic it was like going to a sampling and at the Mexican restaurant they decided that it was easier to put all the meat for the chicken and beef fajitas on one hot skillet and for all of us to share from them, how ridiculous! My daughter burnt her arm with the handle of the skillet and got no response from managment. At this point I was totally beside myself. I was disgusted and just wanted to go home.Being American is a huge disadvantage at this resort. We Americans expect a certain amount of service. We want to make sure there are standards. They (the employees and management) view us as spoiled and a pain in the butt. The help sometimes acted as if they did not understand English when you asked for a drink or inquired about services. The funny part of the whole thing was that I speak fluent Spanish and I played dumb to experiment on how one is treated depending on what language you spoke, guess what, there was a huge difference. If you spokeSpanish everything was easier. The lack of information through out the resort is a major problem. In the room there is no information on pool hours, towel pick up and return at the pools, phone use, restaurant extensions, or hotel extensions.I will never return to the Dominican Republic. I am truly disgusted at the way were treated. It was like because we chose the All Inclusive trip that we should be happy for whatever we get and that one should not complain. I go All Inclusive for the convinience of not having to bring extra money for drinks and meals not because of what else I can get for FREE.Now for the braclet joke. When you arrive you are given braclets, yes braclets, they were uncomfortable and were very confusing. They were different colors and meant that you had bought into a particular package. Here is the kicker, when my sister went on the Time share sales pitch they believed that she was going to buy and told her about the trick on the bracelets. They explained to her that if you remove the pink one you are allowed to eat at the smaller restaurants without a surcharge of $15 per person.I hate the bracelet idea. Those guests who took advantage of the extra info definitely make out better. What a scam!I am convinced that the resort is run under deceptive information and for those who do not travel do not know what is right or wrong believe that the way they are treated is out of this world.Finally, to make matters worse, my whole family got sick the day of our return. For most of us it was several days of diahrea and we just dicounted it as traveler's sickness, but my little 21/2 year old niece it was a week and we finally found out that she had salmonella poisoning. This makes me think we were all infected.How terrible it was for my little niece. I am truly upset and disgusted. The food handling standards there are definitely below standard. They are so cost concious but it seems that they care less for proper food handling.My suggestion is to really search all of the resorts under Trip Advisor and read the reviews and make your choice using all the information. This resort is definitely below standards as far as service and guest sensitivity. The resort is beautiful but it is not just about beauty. I really wish that the Princess Resorts read these reviews so that they can make changes to their service and guest relations areas.I will not return to the Dominican Republic. I will make sure my family and friends do not go there either. We will spend our money elsewhere.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2006
<Rating>1	3	3	3	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>girasole9
<Content>Tropical Princess 鈥?Fantasy Island This was our first all-inclusive with our two boys, ages 5 and 8. We didn鈥檛 think this type of travel would suit us, but we are hooked. The Tropical Princess gave us everything we wanted and more. We were concerned that there were so few reviews on the Tropical Princess but we discovered The Tropical Princess and Caribe Club Princess are the same complex that share the same facilities. So if you are looking for Tropical reviews, read also the Carib Club reviews.We heeded advice from others and took a cab from the airport to the resort for US$28. This way, we avoided stopping at all the other hotels first. Still took about 40 minutes.Service:The people at the front desk were not very friendly, and I started to worry whether we were in for typical bad attitudes that you find in so many American resorts. I had difficulty with 3 different people at 3 different times on 3 different issues. However, when you get past the front desk, it鈥檚 a different world. The rest of the employees at this hotel, from the Animacion staff, the waiters at the buffet, maids, to the coconut tree trimmers were extremely polite and friendly. They will all go out of their way to help you with anything you need.We took alot of coloring books, crayons, pencils and toiletries for the housekeepers... worth the effort. They work many days in a row without leaving the property and then go back to their homes for a few days. Some people travel 9 hours from their homes to work at the resorts. The people who work there are so kind and sweet, they deserve much more than they make, so TIP GENEROUSLY! Change in US dollars is very difficult to get so we took $100 in ones and $100 in $5 and $10.I read another person鈥檚 comment that she wished she had taken her kids鈥?used and unused sporting goods. The Dominicans love baseball and any old equipment, cleats, or clothing would go over great with them. If you took down a suitcase full of stuff to give away, you could then load it up with your souvenirs on the way home and avoid that overweight charge. (Each of your bags cannot weigh more than 70 lbs, or you have to pay extra).VIP:If you are staying at this hotel, you MUST go with the VIP package. The extras are sooooo worth it. You get a gourmet dinner at La Cava, massage (20 min. each), turn down service every night, internet usage (1 hour each) and a motorized boat tour. Food:The a-la-carte restaurants were great! We personally enjoyed La Cava, Sombrero and El Rodrizzio. If you want an early supper you must book them the day before. If you are vip and want to make reservations for the restaurants you must do this at the vip conceirge stand, not at front lobby.We thought the buffet was awesome. Each meal offered at least 30-50 items, and there was a different theme each night. Even my picky kids found a plateful of food each time we ate there.Sometimes we just ate pizza, fries and burgers at the Brazilian restaurant for lunch, or visited the fabulous Creperie next door. I gained 5 lbs. on this trip!After reading all those miserable reviews about the food, I wondered how it could be that bad. It's not. Sure, the service can be slow sometimes鈥攖he dining area is huge. Yes, the lunchmeat looks sweaty and gross鈥攕o get a fresh omelet and French toast instead. OK, the hamburger meat tastes different, but not enough to cause a fuss.There are more than enough choices to keep everyone satisfied. Just go get something else.I took acidophilous for a week before I went and took pepto each day and I still had minor diarrhea. However, it worked for the rest of my family, so maybe I鈥檓 just more sensitive. The grounds:Absolutely beautiful. A mangrove swamp lines the walkway from the lobby to the resort area. There are lots of peacocks and waterfowl milling around, and at night, kids can catch toads and frogs in the gazebo area near the restaurants.The pools were quite lovely. The busy activity pool had a bar and music. The picture takers walk around with parrots and monkeys to take your souvenir photos. The zero entry warm middle pool was more low key, and could have used some music. Other than that, the pool was a hit. The third pool is beautiful, with fountains and jacuzzis all around.The beach:Soft, pale sand, clean, perfect. One of the nicest I鈥檝e ever seen. Chairs are pretty easy to come by, but if you want a palapa on the edge of the beach you have to get down before 9:00. There is no snorkeling at this beach, it鈥檚 more wave jumping and boogie boarding. $20 will get you a boat ride to a reef closeby.The room 鈥?It was quiet and comfortable, nothing fancy. Lots of hot water, good pressure. The weirdest thing to me about the whole resort was that there are no dressers! I called and talked to 3 people before a maintenance guy proved to me that there are no dressers in any of the rooms to put away your clothes. Yes, there鈥檚 a closet, but I can鈥檛 hang up size 5T t-shirts. 2 small desk size drawers under the tv as well.Bring a candle - rooms are musty. Also no alarm clock in room. Things don鈥檛 dry very well but if you hang them up it鈥檚 a little better. You can bring dryer sheets to put in the drawers and closet to keep your clothes smelling fresh.Sports:We thoroughly enjoyed boogie boarding and jumping the waves. The kids got to practice snorkeling in the pool, and we got a free boat ride (vip). We also had a blast learning to shoot bow and arrow in the archery course each day. The teen club has some very worn down pool tables, but it was a welcome diversion during a day long rain storm. The mini golf is worn down as well and looked too hot and depressing.The Kids鈥?Club looked like fun, but neither of my kids were buying it because everyone spoke a different language. (English is definitely the minority here.) They were taking the kids out on the banana boat when we saw them one day, and learning archery another time.Buying/Bringing Stuff:We heard of someone buying Pringles for 8 US$, so we brought our own. We brought American ketchup packets too, their ketchup is brown and weird. Take insulated mugs as the sand gets hot and so do your drinks.Try to take everything you think you would ever need. The prices in the gift shop were insane. Disposable camera for $20, sun tan lotion for $25, $15 dollars for immodium. Bring all types of medicine and sun block just in case to prevent from having to pay those ridiculous prices. Use bug spray in the evening to avoid bug bites. Bring TONS of sunblock - we used baby sunblock 45 SPF and still burned! A lot of humidity, so ladies don鈥檛 even think about trying to straighten your hair. I went curly all week with lots of de-frizz. A light sweater was welcomed one night. Guys must wear long dress pants to dinner.Souvenirs:When buying souvenirs on the beach, barter low. Half the price they ask is what its worth, they know the new people coming in because they are not tanned! They held up a lighter flame to a Latimer stone to prove it was real (that it wouldn鈥檛 melt). Also, when buying jewelry from vendors, sometimes the bracelets and necklaces don鈥檛 come with the clasps. You have to buy them separately.Would we stay here again? In a hearbeat!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ashley777
<Content>A hundred percent in service I ent to this hotel with my boyfriend for a weekend, and for the service that they have i guess we could goback there.Maybe this hotel couldn篓t be a 5 stars hotel but in this place i almost felt like a princess , the habitations are very comfortables, but the tv channels taht they have are almost a disaster, and are very boring..In the food they don篓t have enough variety, and they repeat so much the menus, but every body of the staff, were very kind, and u莽if they see you 7 times a day it doesn篓t matter, they smile yoy and they give you a big greeting,the beach was so wonderfull and the snack was delicious,,,,,in conclution , i would like to goback there!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ck28
<Content>So So Resort I recently got back from the Tropical Princess. Not taking the all inclusive package will work to your disadvantage and lead to a horrible trip. The rooms in general could use a good amount of refurbishing and some new funrniture would be helpful. The staff was slightly unfriendly especially comapred to the Melia Caribe which i have stayed at several times. I made the wrong decision by trying someplace new.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>wolfman1955
<Content>All inclusive NOT The first night it rained ,we were on the second floor of a three story building and when we woke up the next morning the floor was soaked we had trouble getting another room.The staff spoke mostly Spanish or french not good for English only.The beach was beutifull The weather was hot hot hot. We asked for all inclusive and I explained that I didn't want to pay any more unless we took trips off the resort NO SUCH THING.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChanCanada
<Content>Very disappointed - Montreal couple :( :( After reading the numerous reviews on the website I was very excited about this hotel. What a mistake I did. Best advise is ask friends who travelled for advise, do not base yourself on reviews. Check-in very slow, staff seem to be joking amongst themself - not professional, mostly spanish (very little french and english). Rating for this hotel is no more than 3 stars (and that's pushing it) and we have travelled to Dominican Republic numerous times! Grounds are impressive, but... the lagoon smells like sewer gas. Rooms good size, BUT Air conditionaire was filthy - covered in mildew, we actually removed the filter ourselfs and found at least 1/2 inch of mildew on filter. We knew something was wrong as my husband kept on sneezing and the smell was very strong in the room. Room service sometimes late, one night we had to wait for towels until 6:30 to take a shower.We tried to have our room transfered (seems like we were not the only ones, lots of angry people at reception) and we were offered a choice of 2 rooms after a 2 hour wait in the lobby; one had a broken air conditionaire - so Not good (which they tried to fix, but no body could find the problem) and the other room was facing the buffet (which means very noisy because of clinging dishes all the time) and most importly the matress on the beds were slanted to one side (both beds!!). Not impressive after waiting an extra 2 hours in the lobby when in transit since 4 AM that day, we were exausted and I just wanted to cry from disappointment. We ended up keeping our smelly room as the options offered were worst. The Beach is beautiful, safe and very clean, BUT not enought chairs; must reserve by 6 AM and I mean it, or your out of luck. Pools are very nice and clean, you can only get towels from the main pool. Staff was very mixed, some very friendly and smiling and other staff looked mad and uncooperative. Very expensive vacation at $1,500 per person, really not worth the money!!! Gym attendant was cleaning the sand away as I was trying to figure out how the machine worked, I got no assistance from him, it was another traveller that helped me out- we were clearly bothering by being there. Buffet very greasy (oily and buttery), nothing is ever hot, never (and this is no exageration) the food is very AVERAGE. My husband started stomache problems the 2nd day there, althow they give bottled water, it was making my stomache jumpy for some reason. Lots of children seem to have la tourista on the way back in the bus. Not enough serving utentils. No napkins at table and always running after utencils, often out of spoons. THey did have fresh tropical juice which was very good, the other fountain juices are just mostly sugar, much too sweet. THe coffee is always warm, not hot and very strong. For a la carte restaurants - you must reserve the day before and expect to wait 1/2 hour for reservations; we were stuck with the Dominician restaurant (as our 1st choise was booked)- Not GOOD, but very pleasant service. People were leaving with untouched plates. The Brazilain restaurant was the only hot meal and good food we got during our stay (meat grill) very slow service. The weather was great most of week (some big rain storms at night mostly - rooms have umbrellas) we enjoyed long walks on the beach every day. Most bikes are broken or in very bad shape. We would never go back there again, unfortunately the rewiews I read did not represent the place at all. Shows/entertainment starts late, around 10:00PM for adults and everything/ buildings are far apart (no atmosphere), be prepared to walk alot (which did not bother me, but it's very hot and not much shade during day) and get perpared to line up for everything. :(  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Caper2007
<Content>Great Resort, Food not so great My boyfriend and I stayed at the Tropical Princess April 1st to the 8th 2006.. From the Airport to our resort was about a 40 minute drive. It's true 90% of the people there are crazy drivers. We had no problem with our luggage getting to the hotel with us. Once we checked in, we were told we were being given an upgrade to a Caribe Club Room. But this does not mean you get the same advantages as the Caribe Club Members, (ex. they got 5 a la carte meals included) Tropical Princess (Our package included 2) Room- Was great very nice and clean, the maids kept our fridge stocked daily, we left them little presents as well as money some days.Beach was absolutely magnificent, i can't say enough about it.Beach Chairs- Go early in the morning to reserve one, they fill up fast!The bars- They were great, If you tipped them a dollar here and there they were more than happy to see you coming. Also, the drinks are made quite strong. I recommend the Bahama Mama, or Banana Mama. Yummy!The Resort grounds- Beautifully landscaped and Maintained, Barely any flies at all!The Weather- The only day it rained was the afternoon we got there, and for the remainder of the week it was hot and sunny, with the perfect breeze off the Ocean. And when it rained our first day, it didn't rain for very long.The Food- The only negative thing was the food at the buffet, (with keeping in mind it is a 3rd world country) It wasn't as good as we'd hoped. The choices at breakfast would have been the best. For supper we recommend the a la cartes, we only had 2 included with our package, but by the end of our stay we decided to pay for the Italian a la carte, Only 10 dollars each and it was Delicious. Worth the extra money by far!Overall, beautiful Resort, Kind People, Food could have been better, We will return to Punta Cana but try a different Resort. We would still recommend this resort!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! I stayed at the tropical princess beach resortwith my boyfriend and his family from april 2nd till april 9th it was awesome! Everyday was nice an sunny the people there were really nice.Our room was always cleaned always clean towels. The food was excellent. We went to the Manati park which was very funny they had a dolphin show which was really good they had a parrot show which was also very good, and a horse show which was alright and a taino show which was good too. We also went snorkeling which was fun got to see alot a fish, It was really beautiful. We all went to the casino which was lots of fun they have a disco right in it too. The only time it rained was at night like 3-5 am. and doesnt rain long either.Anyways overall i had an excellent time an i hope to visit there again sometime in the near future.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would go back to Punta Cana, but not to Tropical Princess My Boyfriend and I just returned from the Tropical Princess. I was very excited to go and not worried at all by the bad reviews of this place. We arrived late Saturday night, after an hour bus ride. Check in was uneventful, the man who checked us in barely even looked at us, I remember thinking he was pretty miserable. Not a good first impression. The lobby was beautiful, all open air, nice big bar, and when we arrived there were a bunch of people dancing in the lobby. Looked fun! We took a trolley to our room, which was nothing special, we were happy enough to have a king bed. But we didn't really need anything more.We were hungry after our flight so we headed down to the buffett to see what they had. They basically had snack food at that hour (makes sense) my boyfriend just had a hot dog, I don't think I ate.The beach is beautiful! The water is quite warm, I went in the ocean every day. The beach is always very busy, as everyone says it is quite difficult to get a beach chair unless you want to be up super early. The weather was great, I think it rained a couple times but always seemed to be overnight, or at night when we were inside. The staff at the beach bar were great. We tipped them most days and when they saw us coming they would start pouring a couple more beers! They were they best staff by far.The english here was a lot more limited then some other places. It was a bit frustrating, just because I would feel bad when I didn't understand. Man I need to learn spanish. :)Now the food. UGH Terrible! Now I can admit that I am a picky eater, very picky, but even my boyfriend had problems finding something to eat. I was quite disappointed in breakfast. Pancakes were good, but I got sick of them, omelets tasted like nothing. Orange juice tasted like tang! The buffett restaurant is open air, which is nice, but not around food. It looked like the meat and cheese were sweating. My boyfriend had some cesar salad and it was warm. I don't like complaining but it was the worst eating experience I have ever had, I was dying to come home by the end of it to eat.Pools were nice and warm, there are 3 of them, and easier to find chairs. The actual property is beautiful. The walk back to the lobby is great, so much lush green, lots of birds, and peacocks just walking around. I can't say enough about that.Can't say much about the entertainment, we were lazy at night, and didn't go out to the shows. The lobby is happening at night, after the shows when everyone dances.So my main beef here is with the food. I couldn't go back here just because of that. Other than that it is a nice clean resort, beautiful beach.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!! My girlfriend and I visited this resort Mar 17-26th. Other then the hellish flight with Sunwing.ca (could you have any less leg room??!!!) and the 2hr delay on the tarmac in Ottawa, all was good. The 4hr waiting period at the airport returning is very very very very annoying and travel companies have got to change this stupid %$#@! rule of having to be at the airport 4hrs before your flight. Especially at 2:00am!!!!Guest services: Excellent, easy check-in (Note: the safes are $25US/week extra). My Sunwing reps was present everyday and english/french is not a probelmo with anyone at the resort.Tours: Didn't do any - seemed boring and limited. Besides, who really wants to be in the jungle in 35C weather or on the back of an overheated horse or visit another beautiful beach. Been there, done that - save your money!Room: Excellent, was on ground floor facing buffet. Lots of hot water, good pressure and clean drinking water. Nice K鈥搒ize bed! Plenty of A/C. No worries about your room.Resort: Very well layed out. Excellent fauna and greenery. Beautiful resort. 3 huge beautiful pools (quiet, open and heated and a busy one w/pool bar)Food: Plenty of choices, especially at buffet. However, if you've never been down south to a 3rd world country be prepared for odd dishes (or if you are American for that matter because they are so g*d da*n picky!), your gonna hate the food. Also, please don't blame the food for any stomach illness. Give it up people, it's not the food, it's the booze and sitting in the sun all day that is making you ill. It's aknown fact! The food is cooked, cleaned and presented as best as they can do. All resorts down south usually have foreign chefs. Fruit is awesome!!! Drinking Water: ALL drinking water at this resort come in bottles, unopened, just like bottle water at home. Very cool!!! Excellent tasting water! No fears here folks.Drinks: Limited if you aren't a VIP paid guest, however there's still lots of unlimited concoctions and of course beer, pina coladas, cuba libre (rum and coke)etc...!! Mmmmmmm... beer.Beach: Sweet!! 10 out of 10 with awesome year 'round breeze. My only complaint is that Bavaro beach as a whole is very very busy with watercrafts and watersports buzzing around all day. Plus, the every 15min. bloody helicopter tours passing by. None of these will affect your swimming and laying around, but I found the beach noisy and very busy for my liking. At least the staff leave you alone and don鈥檛 play loud music all day. Note: All resorts have same issues not just this resort. Bavaro beach is very long, beautiful sand and excellent for walking. BUT, very very busy. There are no locals at this beach.Entertainment: I was very impressed. Professional dancers and good theme shows everynight. Also, after each show they party it up in the lobby! Be there!!Kids: I have been told and seen that this is a very good resort for children. They have lots of activities for kids and the animation team is very involved with their fun!Shopping: There are a few shopping huts along the beach near the Ocean Blue resort and a Canadian run (her name is Christina) has a hut called the Carribean...something (pink bldg). Her prices are non-negotiable. There's also some good shopping plaza's near the Bavaro casino resort to buy all the crap they sell. They love to haggle. Pay only a 1/3 of what they ask. No more!Tips: Not necessary but always welcomed. I found service was the same whether or not you tipped. Gifts for maid and staff is always appreciated but don't bring dollar store stuff - that crap is just as cheap there as here and it's all garbage. Give $$ instead of personal hygene or gift items. Just my thought...This resort is rated a 4* and I concur. Have fun!!Note: The TPR is sister resort to two other surrounding resorts. The Grand Caribe and Punta Cana Princess. Everyone shares all! Beach, restaurants, etc... however, you do have better options at the no-charge al carte restaurants if you stay at the other two resorts.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gottagetaway
<Content>Great Last Minute Holiday We travelled to Punta Cana March 11 to 18th 2006 for the Ontario March Break and stayed at the Tropical Princess / Carib Club Princess. We are 3 adults in their 30s with much travel experience in the Caribbean and with all inclusive resorts. Keep in mind we booked this holiday 3 weeks prior to departure so there was not much to choose from. We were a little concerned that there was so little reviews on the Tropical Princess but upon arrival we discovered why. The Tropical Princess / Carib Club Princess are the same complex that share same facilities. The only difference in the 2 鈥渉otels鈥?is the type of room you receive and where it is in the complex. So if you are looking for Tropical reviews, read also the Carib Club reviews. Furthermore the Punta Cana Princess is in the same complex, a 2 minute walk away. They have their own restaurants but shared in our trolley service, spa, etc. ( a side note I visited the Punta Cana Princess on walks daily and once at night and it is far more quiet, sedate, and smaller than the Tropical and Carib) Our flight to Punta Cana was uneventful. The drive to the hotel was an hour despite the guides saying 20 min. from airport as they stopped at 5 hotels before ours.The lobby at the Tropical/Carib is nice. The interesting concept of this resort is the lobby/nightly entertainment/disco/shops/internet/guide tours/theatre are nowhere near the rooms. In fact you have to take a trolley from the above places or walk about 7 minutes to the complex where the room buildings/restaurants/pools are. This has pros and cons. On the one hand the area between the two areas is beautifully manicured/gardened almost with a 鈥榬ainforest鈥?theme which makes for a wonderful stroll. However there are times when you need to be at the above places i.e. lobby to complain or pick up things or when it is raining that the distance is a pain. Further the trolley is on Dominican time and there are times when the wait is much longer than the 15 min. they promise. If you book at the Tropical 鈥?pay for the VIP program once you arrive. Don鈥檛 give your North American travel agent the extra commission. We bought it in the lobby upon arrival and do not regret it all! It goes into effect the next day after arrival. You get the items listed: 1 bottle rum, cigars, bathrobes, night turn down service, premium liquor (Absolut/Bacardi) 1 hour internet service, but most importantly you get a free dinner at La Cava and a free 25 minute massage in the spa!!! Well worth the $90 we spent. All the restaurants are included except La Cava and El S鈥?La Cava is $25 per person for Carib Club and $50 per person for Tropical guests. With the VIP bracelet, you get there for free and the lobster and steak dinner was definitely worth it! Further we all used the spa 2 more times after our free massage as it was at par with most North American spas. Prices were reasonable. Food: For the most part, the dinners at the specialty restaurants are good. We ate at all of them and were impressed with presentation and choices. Service was slow at most of them but what can you expect? The buffet restaurant was frustrating at breakfast and lunch. You can鈥檛 get your own pop/water/coffee so have to constantly be flagging down waiters even though the machines are accessible. Further they usually only have 1 cook for most popular items: omelets, crepes, meat, pasta etc. which generated lineups making most food warm or even cold by time you reach your table. We felt the food at the buffet was mediocre at best when compared to other resorts in Dominican and elsewhere. Where was the fresh orange juice? It was concentrated. Rooms: On arrival our door lock was broken and we refused to stay in room until it was fixed. Looked like a forced entry had been done. It was around 10:45 p.m. We got the 鈥渄on鈥檛 worry, no problem鈥?line that they would take care of it tomorrow. No way. Not with reports of thefts etc. on previous reviews plus our concerns for our own security. We had also requested a room not on the first floor which it was. Since it was Sat. night there were no other rooms available so we couldn鈥檛 leave our room for drinks etc. and had room service. They did temporarily fix it by 1:30 a.m. and promised us a new room on 2nd floor next day. This did happen by 3:00 p.m. next day and we were happy with our new room. Most rooms in the Tropical are Suites 鈥?2 rooms and 2 bathrooms. Perfect for stretching out. Our maid service was not the greatest at all despite leaving many gifts and cash but didn鈥檛 feel like complaining about it as yes, you are rarely in room anyway. Resort: We have been to countless resorts in Caribbean so have much to compare to. We swear people at this resort stayed up all night or get up at 5:00 to reserve beach chairs. This was very frustrating as we are sun-worshippers and were on the beach by 7:30 every single day and never once got seats that we wanted but further back under huts. We know pools were easier but we are not pool people. These resorts need to get more chairs to met demand, it baffles me that this is an issue at most resorts despite people complaining. There were constant chair stealers we saw and battles. Its not worth it. Invest in as many chairs as you have guests. Logic? A majority of the guests were French from France. They had their own French entertainment staff that combined with the Dominican staff who were generally Spanish only with some French and little English made interactions with the English speaking guests fairly limited. We were blatantly ignored most of the time when they were scouring the beach / pool for people for activities. It was only on the 3rd day when we realized that the guests had different wristband colours. All guests who were French had blue so staff would know the French. VIP was orange and everybody else was grey. Interesting dynamics to watch. Overall: We did not have one daylight hour of rain and clouds were minimal so how can one complain too much about a holiday? We knew going in that this was a last minute holiday at a 4* resort in Dominican. So with the exception of the broken door, mediocre food at lunch, and generally being ignored by the staff, we had a great holiday with good times in our group and the people we met. Would we go back? Almost definitely not, but that is because we never return to the same resort as we like new experiences in new places. Would we recommend Tropical/Carib? With some reservations of what to expect, to definitely buy the VIP plan, and to request a Carib room or a Tropical suite.Beach itself is beautiful and you can鈥檛 go wrong with that.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Bellaaron
<Content>Loved it!!!! My boyfriend and i stayed at the tropical princess from December 2-9th, 2005. We absolutely loved it there. The beach was amazing, pools were great, room was clean, food was good, staff was incredibly friendly and the animation at the nightly shows was entertaining!!! The only complaint that i had was, there was'nt really anything to do between 7-9PM, as the shows started at 9Pm daily. Other than that it was awsome, wish we would have stayed for 14 days.If you are visiting Punta Cana, i would highly recommend going on the Marinarium Adventure, where you go snorkelling with sharks. A little scary at first but amazing when you get in the water. Definately a memory i will never forget.Another excursion to try is the Bavaro trackers, this one was an ATV ride, about 1.5 hours through the beach of Punta Cana ,where you get to see Julio Iglesia's Beach Home followed by a 30 minute horseback riding trip. ( Do not buy the video tape that they try to sell you of your excursion, the quality is horrible).The tropical princess is great for families, and couples, not alot to do if you are single!!!The hotel is dominated by europeans, not alot of canadians or americans.Check IN: Quick and easy, probably because we got to the resort around 9PM!!! Staff was helpful though!! But it is up to you to figure out where everything is at the resort by just using a small map.( kinda sucks, when its dark out and you have no clue what part of teh resort you are in)Food: was good, not great. I would recommend bringing some stomach medication. After about the 4th day, my stomach was accustomed to the food. But overall is was good, there were different themes every night. Definatley go to the Dominican theme night dinner, staff is dressed is dominican outfits, and the buffett is decorated in Dominican colors and fabrics. (Beautiful)Beach: Waves at the Tropical beach are higher than any other resort, however is is great for boogie boarding. ( So much Fun!!!)Staff: Awsome, especially CARLOS, on of the animation staff!!! They work so hard for so little money and seem to be enjoying every minute of it.Rooms: Clean and big enough for the time that you spend in your room anyways. Maids sometimes would'nt clean the room until 3pm, but that didnt bother us because they were cleaned by the end of the day anyways.Pools: There were 3 all together. The one with the swim-up bar was the most lively. The staff would do dance lessons, aerobics, volleyball, and play great spanish music there all day. If you want to sit by the pool to read a book and enjoy the sun, the other two pools were less busy.Check Out: If i can offer any advise it would be to buy a phone card before you go. Very Expensive if you want to make a phone call!!!Check out time is 12PM, so if your flight leaves later in the day, you have to keep your luggage in the lobbby, or pay extra for every hour you want to keep your room. However we left our stuff in the lobby and everything was fine.I loved the tropical princess and would go back in a heartbeat!!!!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tropical princess- resort 3.5* We have just returned from a week at the TROPICAL PRINCESS. The RESORT hotel is magnificent with beautiful trees, beach and flowers.There is still the season of wind so we can only use Catamaran and Kayak for 2 days out of 7 days. Avoid months Jan,Feb car a lot of wind.The resort is very clean. The room is small even that we had a small suite with partial ocean view (2adults and 2 children ).Room is very standard *3*). We took VIP option (15$/person adult/day) which is really great so we can go to all restos a la carte and many options such as massage, motorised banana float...). The food is just normal even a la carte restos (chinese,italian,mexican,sea food,domnican,french ).We loved the room service 24H, the snack is good when you order from the room.The evening shows are great(Lion King,...).If you do care about having a luxurous room and excellent food then may be choose for a 5* resort car this resort has a very standard room, food is normal. Three of us were sick by eating food.Be careful for the bagages when check out. There are no system for labels or numbers assigned to each person so bagages can be mixed up anywhere.People are very nice in this resort. Service is good. It was sunny everyday 28C.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beautiful resort but the food is lacking We went with our three children (7,1013). It was great for the kids. Lots to do. We had taken some junk food as recommended on this site. The food really was not very good. Two of us were sick and are still not feeling great at home. If we were to go again, we'd take a small suit case of healthy snacks. Probably wouldn't go here again because of the food. The beach was awesome. We did have one cockroach in our room. Saw him on the first day and a few times after. They're very fast - we never did get him. The resort was very clean, not overly big (which we liked. We left at 1 am on the last day and had to check out at noon. We were promised a courtesy room to shower but never did get one. They had assigned the same room to more than one couple. We saw two couples arguing over another room for which they had done the same thing - assigned one room twice. Not the end of the world but they really didn't even seem to care. No Sorry for the inconvenience. Just there are no rooms - we're very full.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>travel64
<Content>Tropical Princess - great beach! The beach at this resort was fantastic -- beautiful white, powdery sand. Very small resort, which was nice. It is quiet. Entertainment is available at the other three resorts, which you have access to. The grounds at this hotel are impeccable. Restaurants were great. It is rated a 5 or 4 and half in the brochures. We would call it a 4. Only because of other hotels where the VIP service is included and that makes them a 5. We would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scairy13
<Content>Best time EVER !!!!!! The resort was amazing, beautiful grounds, great rooms, wicked pools and the beach was the best ever. You can not go wrong staying at this resort. The only problem was the lack of putters for minature golf. You sign them out and sadly some people just kept them in their rooms leaving others without. It that was our biggest problem, life is good. If you like ketchup you might want to take a small bottle with you. We decided to take a cab to the resort which turned out great. For $25.00 we got there first and checked in before the crowd. We also took a cab back to the airport so we were able to stay longer and not have to wait at the airport for hours. Don't forget to bring your own insulated travel mugs they are perfect, they will fill them up at the bar, your drink doesn't get cold and you don't waste cups!!!!! If you plan on sun tanning at the beach and want a hut you have to get up by 6 am and reserve the chairs with you beach towels. The breeze at the ocean was lovely and you didn't notice the heat. If you stayed by the pools it was incredibly hot but hey whatever floats your boat. The staff didn't speak much English so I would suggest you learn some key words in Spanish. Another bonus thing we did was bring floating chairs. We would float out to the buoy line hang on for a while then float in with the waves - GOOD TIMES !!!! Some people used them on their chairs for extra cush. The scuba shack filled them up for us then we left them when we came home so someone else could enjoy them. We went to all the a la carte restaurants but highly enjoyed the Brazilian. It was a very cool experience especially if you like meat. A must do for a romantic dinner. If you hear anyone complaining about this resort they are the kind of people that shouldn't travel outside their own home. Hola  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Beach, Loved the People       Beachfront  
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stargir1969
<Content>Fabulous Time at the Tropical Princess!! We got a great deal on a 2 week vacation, and it was awesome. We were there from Jan 21-Feb 4th. I found the deal online, and my travel agent matched it, since I am hesitant to give out info online, I was extremely happy.We did not get into Punta Cana till almost 10pm, and I was unpacking and sipping a cervasa by 11:30. The buffet is open for late night snacks, so my hubby wandered around while I relaxed on the balcony overlooking one of the pools. Our room was great--we had 2 bathrooms! One full, one with a shower, sink and toilet. We had a King size bed, a real one, not 2 twins pushed together! No problems with the air, water pressure, locks or hydro and there was only one day that we did not have hot water, it was about 2pm, and by 5pm it was running hot again. I have heard they shut it off during the day to preserve it, and while I can't confirm it, it does make sense. There is a staff member in the lobby of the buildings every morning between 9:30 and 11:30 to make your a la carte reservations and to answer any questions you may have. There are 3 buildings with 3 floors on them, and they are for guests of both the Tropical and Caribe.The weather was great the whole two weeks, and yes, the beach was a bit windy, which I thought was great--lots of fun jumping and playing in the waves, and for some strange reason the wind seemed to cut the power of the sun,,we could lay out much longer when it was windy! The grounds were very well kept, and everyone was always busy painting, raking, sweeping,==felt a bit guilty for just lounging around as they worked so hard!The food was fine, always something to eat at the buffet at supper, certainly did not starve. The Crepery was great for a light snack after a hard day tanning and swimming~for lunch we usually went to the bar on the beach for a light snack, but be sure to ask them to cook the beef patties from the steam table, we had a few that were pink, and the cook had no problems grilling them a bit longer for us. I do suggest you watch for a fresh batch of fries, as they tend to get cold pretty quick!I really have no complaints at all,,yes, you have to be out of your room by noon, but along with the option of paying extra for longer, you can also choose to just get a courtesy room for a shower--thats what I did, and it worked out just fine. It also gave me the chance to see another room, this one was much smaller then ours, with only one bathroom. As mentioned in the forum, I did have some issues with some non North Americans and their total lack of manners, but I have found that on all of our vacations, and by no means is it limited to this resort.We did not see any of the shows, or go to any of the specialty restaurants, so I can't comment on them, but I did hear great things about the shows from other guestsPlease take my suggestion to bring snacks from home seriously-we paid $9 for a can of Pringles. (We really wanted them!!!!!)I may not choose a Sunwing vacation again,our flight was delayed and the rep only let us know after the bus did not show up, and did not come and tell us, rather some of the other Sunwing guests had to fill us in. I felt he could have made more of an effort to keep all of us informed. When he finally found out a flight time and a time the bus would be coming, he posted a sign and left quickly. I did not go to the meeting to hear about the excursions because I had no intention of going on one, but once I went up to find the binder that contained the departure time for the bus and could not find it, I regretted that decision--finally found it on our 10th day,,thankfully, since there was no info posted on the board either. Please note on the package they gave us on the bus said we had to attend to reconfirm your flight --that is not true, and I felt bad for the people who went only to find that out. Again, nothing to do with the resort.We would certainly return to this resort, and will recommend it to our friends.My Hubby wanted me to mention that even though there is a Sports Channel on T.V they did not show any hockey games at all for the entire 2 weeks:(  
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Brownclowns
<Content>Beautiful grounds with wonderful beach ! My wife and I booked the VIP package to the Tropical Princess for the week of Jan 22 nd . For the additional $ 100 / pp you received an upgrade to an ocean view room in the Caribe Club Princess , 3 cigars , small bottle of rum , extra set of beach towels , 2 housecoats and slippers , 1/2 hour of free internet pp ( $ 5 US per 1/2 hr ) , room service , 20 minute massage ( $ 20 / pp ) , banana boat ride ( $ 30 / pp ), superior liquor , ( american  dominican bottled beer and name brand liqueurs )use of all regular la carte restaurants and choice between the Pescador and La Cava . The other restaurant was available for an additional charge of $ 31 US / pp . The safe cost $ 25 US for the week and the mini fridge was stocked with pop and water , no beer . ( the bar staff always gave us the twist caps with our bottled beer ) We ate breakfast and lunch at the buffet and were very happy with the service , selections and quality of food . There was also a creperie / ice cream restaurant and 2 beach restaurants available for lunch . The later turned into the Brazilian and Pescador a la cartes for dinner . There were also a Chinese / Japanese , Italian , Mexican and Dominican a la carte . We enjoyed all but the Brazilian , but the staff made up for the food . The bar service was hit and miss with 24 hour service at the main buffet restaurant . We were treated very well by the staff at the front desk and check in and out was uneventful . The activity staff and entertainers were typical all inclusive , working an extraordinary amount of hours and always trying to make everybody happy . The grounds are beautiful with large mature palms and a 200 yard walk through a mangrove to get from the lobby to the room , restaurant and beach areas . The beach is whiteish with red specks and goes for miles in each direction . The ocean is a clear greeny blue with days of yellow and red flags . Kayaks and hobie cats are free but have to be booked in advance from a private company that also has the dive shop . We have travelled the busier north coast of the Dominican from Monte Christi to Puerta Plata to San Juan to the Samana peninsula and comparing , find the Punta Cana / Bavaro area to be more for kicking back and relaxing . Santo Domingo , 3 1/2 hours away , is the capitol and the place to go to purchase rum and cigars . About 70 % of the cigars sold in the Domincan , including anything sold for under $ 100 US a box , are actually banana leaves . To determine if cigars are good , waste one and give it the snap test . When a cigar is bent in half it should snap in two , if it crumbles it is banana leaf . To detemine if your larimar is authentic simply put a match or lighter to it and hope it doesn't melt . Real amber will sink in a glass of salt water , synthetic will float . Remember some airlines do not permit the transfer of 151 proof rum as it is flammable . Faceclothes are non existent in the Dominican , so take your own . If you forget any of the many personal staples you will require while at this resort you will pay through the nose at the complex's store . The Bavaro area is a right turn and a 1/2 hr walk down the beach , 20 minutes out the front gate or a $ 6 cab ride . When the bank machine at the resort is not working there is a casino with a bank machine on the outside of the building about a 15 minute walk towards town . It did not charge me a service fee and gave me 29 pesos per $ CAN . The hotel offers 23 pesos however if you have a bill at the end of your stay make sure you use your credit card as they convert the $ US at 30 pesos , a 10 % savings . We would definitely return to this resort but probably not in January as it is extremely windy until mid February .  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Resort       beach  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>As good as I could have ever hoped for!               More photos  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great, I would go back I was at the Tropical for a week. Despite minor difficulties at the arrival (key for room not working) my stay was great and I would go back again! I am a difficult person in terms of food and I can say that it was average but you can always found something to eat. The breakfast was very good and a lot of fruits which I enjoyed very much. The personnel is nice and the service nothing to complain about.The beach is great and the pool as well (a bit cold). The room was super clean. Anyway, did not regret my choice and I will go back again. So Enjoy.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>steve the greek
<Content>Scuba-Do       feeding the fish  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>OhTwins
<Content>Had a wonderful time Our family of 2 adults and 2 kids spent Christmas week at the Tropical Princess. Overall, the experience was very positive.Property: Very lush and well maintained. The lobby is a 10-minute walk from all the hotel rooms. We always enjoyed the walk especially after eating all that food. We never took the trolley except during check-in and out.Swimming pools: There are three. All have zero entrance and beautifully designed. We usually go to the one close to our villa since it is more secluded and less crowded.Beach: Bavero beach is very pretty. It is a bit wavy. The sand is very fine, a bit of seaweeds, no rocks anywhere. There are lots of beach chairs and huts. People do go early in the morning to leave a towel there to reserve a hut.Food: We ate mostly at the buffet which offered good variety with lots of seafood. The new year's eve feast was excellent. We also ate at the 2 restaurants which were included, the food was OK, but if you miss them, no big deal. For lunch, the beach grill has excellent BBQ's, not to be missed.Staff: All very friendly, most of them speak or understand very little English. We don't speak a word of Spanish but we managed OK.Accommodations: It's not the Ritz but the room was clean with average maid service. There were lots of mosquitoes every night we were in our room. We came well prepared with repellents, mosquito coils and an electric mosquito Zapper(looks like a tennis racket), that weapon worked like a charm and killed the bug everytime. We had to do a full house extermination before bedtime each night.Excursions: We did a sunset horse-back riding on the beach. The riding was one and a half hour except the guy did not tell use that it takes one hour to get there, so altogether it was more like three and a half hours. The ride back was scary since it was after sunset and the driver was going very fast.Complaints: Nothing major. They did not have enough locks for the in-room safe. I had to visit the lobby many times before I finally got one. There is a $20 rental charge for the lock, what a rip-off, the $20 is more than enough to buy the lock and yet they are running out of locks.Conclusions: It's been one week since we came back and we still haven't removed our resort ID wristband. We are already talking about going back for our next trip.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>TRIMS
<Content>Lots of hype and hot air We got back form the Tropical Princess on the 18 of Dec. and I am sorry to say that we read all the reviews on this resort before we went with it and find it hard to believe that so many people fine this such a great place. Yes the beach is nice and the ocean is warm but the beach has about 60 other resorts on it, so you can't say this is a great thing about staying at the Tropical Princess when 59 other resorts offer the same thing. The rooms were plain but ok, the mini-fridge would leak water on to the floor making a small pool and the potential for a slip and fall. Every Once in a while the hot water would stop working and you would have to wait about an hour or so before you could take a shower and then the water temp. was just above cool at best. The A/C vent would give off a musty smell when just starting up, which was because the past guest in the room was a smoker which accounts for about 70% of the people at this resort, mostly Europeans. The staff was not as friendly as everyone had said most of them would just ignore you if you could not speak the language, mostly the bar staff. The food in the buffey was terrible, with most of it looking like it was re-used from the last meal, this is were I thing most people are getting sick from, us included. The front lobby is about a good 10 min. walk to the rooms which is divided by a big smelly swamp were most of the mosquitos come from and the shuttle cars are never around when you need a lift or they are going the wrong way. The pools look nice but don't be fooled,they don't clean them as offend as they should which leaves bites of plant matter and floating bugs on the top of the water, after swimming in the pool about 3 times I started to get bad earaches which went away when I stop putting my head under water while swimming, stick with swimming in the ocean. Check in is at 3 pm  check out is 12 noon, remember this if booking a trip here because we had a 6:30 pm pick up in the lobby,this would leave us with no room for 6 1/2 hours.But you can extend your room for about 10.00US per hour. We went that route because we had our 7 year old with us and it cost us about $80.00 Canadian for about 5 hours more, what a burn. Lots of the kids at this resort were looking ill, probably from the food and it was hard to stand by and see this and the parents did'nt look very happy as well. All in all I would have to give this resort a 4 out of 10 and we would not return to this resort again.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>hurricaneblues
<Content>15 days at the Princess We just got back from the Punta Cana princess,(Caribe Club side) a few days ago...The check in was non-eventful, they do not let you have your room until 3:00, so we had to wait about 5 hrs. until our room was ready. When our room was good to go, we found it on our own. We had to call the front desk/bell boys 4 times to bring our 1 peice of luggage, but after waiting an hour, and 4 different people saying it would be '10 minutes', my husband went to the lobby and transported it back.The rooms were clean and basic. Nothing too fancy, and the toiletries offered are not of high quality, mostly the conditioner. Despite tipping, every day the room was not stocked properly, sometimes they would forget water, towels or extra TP. There was also no remote for the TV. With all the marble flooring and open air architecture, noises travelled easily, and my husband and I would sleep with earplugs every night. There seems to be a lack of signs to let people know what is what, so we spent the first few hours just checking things out and learning where things are. Despite these minor things, we were always comfortable and never that burdened.The pools were beautiful, the grounds were even more so. The beach was amazing, very relaxing, clean, and always a palapa. The water was so warm and a perfect turqouise and sand was powdery white. 10 out of 10.The Staff were amazing, mostly the bartenders (Juaquin, Eduardo) and the animation Staff. All VERY hard working for very little pay. We brought $200.00 US$ just for tips, and wish we brought more. The gardeners work very hard 'cutting the lawn' by HAND on their knees in the heat. They are all so grateful for a dollar here and there. So tip big. They really deserve it.The food was good, mostly at the BBQ by the beach bar. My husband and I both got sick 3 times each...hard to say what from though..We went to the Marinarium on our excursion. It was a great time to snorkel and swim with the sharks. A really fun day with an awesome animation team. I would definetely recommend it.Internet use in the lobby was $5.00 US for 30 mins. It was a fast connection and worked fine.All in all, we had a wonderful holiday, thanks to all the natural beauty that surrounded the resort and all the amazing hard working Staff.Any questions, you can email me.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>robbienorth
<Content>Tropical Princess - A unique Review. I've read all the reviews on this site about the TP and rather than spewing the usual things I'll try to give a unique perspective. I'm a little more on the painfully honest and sceptical side of things. Check IN:was fine, what you'd hope for in a resort, many people working the desk and it seemd to flow easily enough. Few people we met in the VIP suites had to wait a couple hours but that's to be expected periodically. Don't bother thinking you don't need the bellboys for the luggage. Resort is large and lugging your crap around is a hassle. If you're on the cheap side be prepared to tip here... Rooms: Nice enough, nothin super fancy. If in the TP side be prepared for to hear all the giggles or CNN from the room next door when rooms are ajoining. We were there initially but after a little sweet talkin were bumped to the CP. Basically the same resort when you walk through it, the CP is just a little better side. *Heres a note tho.. make sure to properly check your sliding glass doors. The newer room's lock didnt work properly, a quick tug felt like it was locked but any real PULL and it popped open. Because our new room was on a more secluded side of the resort my paranoid side kicked in. Everyday I wedged the coffee table in the door to block the slide action (GF has learned to trust my instincts so barely peeped up). Second last day I went out on the balcony and realized the door was off its tracks, and they aren't light doors so doubt the maid nudged it off. Just be aware of things and unlike me (cheapie cheapie) get the safe for peace of mind. Pools: Nothing worth commenting on....Beach: was sweet as discussed elsewhere. Not sure what the other people were Boogy boarding on but dont count that as a highlight. Late august the waves are minimal, be prepard to float a foot or two and return them in 10 mins. Restaurants: the dominican was decent, brazilian id skip.. heard and experienced mixed results with the other ones so i think its a crap shoot. You can only eat the buffet so many times so go try them with an open mind. Entertainment: personally I could care less about the shows on resorts, they always seemd busy and didnt hear many complaints. Frankly if your under 50 im sure you'll be here n there with them.  Wierdly enough unlike cuba (which I've visited twice in past 18 months) there is an atmosphere of criminality in punta cana, nothing against TP at all. Be like blameing the Hilton for crime in New York City but it does seem a little more slimey if you catch my drift.There are many tips i can give but will save them for various reasons. If you'd like to know anything feel free to contact me and I'd be happy to help as much as i can. Some will save you hassels and money.. be prepared for me to ask a favour tho... ;O) ** I meant to get a medicinal herb they sell there in abundance for my neighbour (goin thorugh Kemo, every bar and store has it) but i forgot it in the hotel when i left. No problems bringing to Canada I just rushed out and was absent minded. I'd be happy to pay double what it costs you (4$US) just to help the guy out and will come to you in the Toronto or suburbs. I tried it myself and am a firm believer in the healing properties. Please help... However, know the favour isnt manditory Id be happy to help anyway I can.All the best.robbienorth@hotmail.com  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>hewi24
<Content>Fabulous Family Vacation       One of the locals with a new jersey  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>M0nalisa
<Content>Loved our stay at the Tropical Princess My sister and I stayed at the Tropical Princess from July 31st to August 13th and really enjoyed it. The room was clean and cool (once we had understood how it worked!!!), the food was o.k. (better than in Cuba) and the sun was there through our entire vacation. Though it's true that you have to get up early to have a cabana at the beach (I was there every morning at 7:00 to reserve a chair, but I was always up by 6:30. if you try to get a cabana later than 8:00, forget it!!!), you can always find a place at 1 of the 3 pools and since it is near the beach you can easily walk. The resort is very well kept (gardens, grass and path) and clean (including the beach, no seaweeds, no empty cans or plastic glasses). For people having trouble walking or with young children, note that there is a bus that drives around the resort.By reading the reviews before we decided on the Tropical Princess I was a little hesitant, but now that I'm back, I would say that I find that a lot of travellers expect too much. Don't forget that you are in the Dominican Republic and that things are different. Be patient (the notion of time is different in the DR) and please don't expect that everybody speaks english. Getting to know another culture is part of the fun of travelling!!!!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Relaxing Vacation Just came back from the tropical princess. We were there from August 7 to August 14th. I travel frequently to Cuba and the Dominican Rebublic and I have to say that the Domincan Rebublic is by far the better place to travel to. Check in: Check in took a little while only becuase they had two full buses which arrived at the same time. The front desk staff are extremely friendly and go out of there way to assist you.Rooms: Our room was spacious and was EXTREMELY CLEAN. There was absolutely no smell to our room. We were in building 5238. Ask to stay in the quiet side of the reort, you won't be disapointed.Food: The food was descent. You could always find something to eat. We went to two ala cartes which were the chinesse and mexican. Both of these were fantastic.Staff: the staff overall were extremely friendly even if you don't tip. FYI make sure you bring down little gifts. I went to the dollar store before I went down and brought deodorants, shampoo candy perfume and cologne. They absolutley LOVED it. They appreciate gifts more than money.Overall I really enjoyed this vacation. In january I stayed at Brisas Guardalavaca in Hoguin Cuba which was an absolute NIGHTMARE. This by far is one of my best vacations. If you have any questions please feel free to e-mail me at cbascombetrack@hotmail.com.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cat5000
<Content>Great Vacation!!! My husband and I have just returned from our all-inclusive trip to the Tropical Princess Resort in Punta Cana, Dominican Republic. Like many of you, I looked through the reviews on this website before I booked my vacation, and I was very happy I did. To make it easy and simple, I've included my reviews under different categoried....hope this helps!!!Hotel Room:Our room was nice and clean. Like many of you, I'm picky when it comes to cleanliness, and I have to say that the room was beautiful. We had a king size bed, a long dresser with mirror, and a full bathroom. The room was also equipped with a mini fridge that had coke, sprite and a big jug of water. The only negative thing was that they didn't have a remote control. We were told that if we went to the lobby, we could give a $5 deposit and get one there. However, we tried and tried, but they kept telling us that there were no batteries. We gave up after the 2nd day there. Also, the room was nice and cool because the air conditioner worked great and we were able to keep it at the temperature that we liked/Food:If you are looking to eat american food than this is not the place to go. Just remember that you are in another country and so the food there is completely different. There were many A la Carte restaurants to choose from but we mostly ate at the Main Buffet Restaurant. If you're a coffee drinker like us, you will not be happy because it was as thick as mud and even after adding tones of cream, it still was black. Nevertheless, they had lots of drinks to choose from like juices, tea, pop, and of course alcohol. Like almost every resort, they are cheap with the alcoholic drinks. Sometimes they had lots of alcohol but sometimes it tastes like there's nothing in it. Once again, the food was ok. I ate lots of pasta, salad, bread, ice cream, french fries, and lots of fresh fruit because most of the food was stuff that I usually don't eat like rabbit, fish, cooked bananas, octopus, ect..Don't be afraid of getting sick because neither of us got sick during our vacation. Just stick to the food that you know is good.Pools:There were 3 huge pools at the resort and they were absolutely beautiful. There was lots of room to swim and they were never crowded. In regards to beach chairs, that's another subject. Like other reviews of resorts, there are LOTS of people who throw towels on the chairs first thing in the morning and don't even show up until late afternoon. I found iit to be very annoying and ignorant. We were usually down at the pool at 10:00 and we always found a lounge chair by the pool and in the shade.Beach and Gardens:I have to say that these were my 2 favourite things at the resort. They absolutely stunning and what I'd hoped they'd look like. The resort was filled with beautiful gardens, flowers and palm trees. The beach was gorgeous with its white sand and blue water.Shopping:All I can say about this is BARGAIN...BARGAIN....BARGAIN.!!!! The gift shop at the resort has set prices in US dollars. Make sure to bring everything you need with you like sunscreen, aloe gel, and snacks because you don't want to have to buy anything there. Here's a few example: They charged 2 dollars US for a chocolate bar, 7 dollars US for a big bag of chips, 22 dollars US for a little bottle of aloe vera gel, over 20 dollars US for sunscreen. They definitely like tourists!!!! As for souvenir shopping, there is Bavaro Plaza whcih is about 10 minutes from the resort. You can use a bike or take a taxi. We also found a little market on the beach. If you're facing the ocean, walk to your left down the beach for about 10 minutes and you'll find about 20 little huts set up with souvenirs. Once again, bargain with them. We got 2 big bottles of rum for $17 US dollars, and the gift shop at the resort was charging $18 US for one bottle. Great overall vacation.....Hope this helps!!!!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>When do I leave to go back there !!! I went there the week of June 12th to the 19th with one of my girl friends. We went there to relax and we did.... The rooms are clean, the food is wonderful and the BEACH...WOW !!!! We could walk for miles on the white sanded beach. A few guests complained of the chairs on the beach and about the face cloths that were missing. On the first day, we asked our maid to bring us some and we had clean face cloths every day. As for the chairs, I guess it all depends on the time that you go to the beach... We stayed at our pool until about 1:00pm and we had no problems finding chairs at that time. The shows at night are the best I've seen so far. They are worth staying up for. My only complaint about this resort is the lack of bars... There was bars with every pools but they were all closed except for one which was the swim-up bar. I guess it's okay but for us, it represented a 7 minute walk to get a drink. The mini-bar from our room really came in handy. There was water, Coke and Sprite. The bottle opener by the way is on the back of the fridge door !!! Just a tip, use sunscreen, the sun is very HOT !!! Also, if you want to buy souvenirs, maybe a ride to the mall outside the resort would be a good idea. Let's just say that we were very impressed by this resort. Good food, confortable beds, beautiful beach, great entertainment and wonderful weather !!!!! It will be very hard to beat !!!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time, but.. We were there the week of June 6 2005 and had a fantastic stay. Here are some pointers to make yours even better:- take face cloths (if you use them)as there will be none in your room- the doors have no bottom sill so insects can crawl under easily so put a towel along the bottom of your door on the inside. We had absolutely no problem with insects.- bring your own beach towels. Yes, they provide them at the beach butyou will need more than one towel to cover the blue and white chairs.- the outside blue and white chairs are in excellent shape; the best I've seen at a resort.- ask for remote control for the TV when you check in. They want $20 if you don't return it.- if you buy internet access in the main lobby, watch your start time. Its $5 for 30 minutes but the guy will try to kick you off early ; even if no-one is waiting.- look for a bartender called Victoriano. He's very hard-working and anxious to please. - take battieries, film, sunburn ointments or any other pharmaceuticals that you think you might need. The resort mini-mart will charge you $22 US for a sunburn ointment you can get at home for $5. But you'll pay the $22 because you are really sore, right?- take $ US and don't bother with pesos. Stores off the resort will give you a better price for $ US. Avoid using a credit card. They will charge you in pesos and then charge you 4-6 % extra for using the card!- take some snacks for the late evening if you are visiting during the off-season.- again, take $ US even if you have medical coverage. We ran into a Scottish guy at the Occidental Grand Flamenco whose son needed dental work. All services were cash only upfront and he was scrambling to find bank machines to pay the hundreds of US dollars they wanted. - our toilet seat was broken. After maintenance requests to the front desk; nothing happened. I gave the chambermaid $5 US and a card with our room number and Spanish description of the problem. The toilet seat was fixed within hours!- stay out of the pools after 7PM daily as they are treated then. - take a bottle opener. Free pop in the room is great but there was no opener.- the timeshare touters on the beach can be avoided with a big smile, a wave and repeating 'No thanks!. Be friendly. Its their living.Thats it. Have a great time!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chewp
<Content>Very Relaxing My husband and I were joined by our children, 14, 17, 22. It was a lovely vacation and the best beach that I have ever been to!! The buffet was incredible, they had 15 or 16 different stations. We arrived at 11 pm and there was lots of food and drinks for us so you don't need to worry about not having a supper on the plane. The buffet was open 24hours!! There was nightly entertainment in two different locations, one by the buffet and the other at the main entry. There were five different restaurants and three pools. We did however have to get up around 6 am to reserve beach chairs under palapas. However, if you didn't get up there were chairs to be found in the sun. We had beautiful suites with two bathrooms that were cleaned everyday. The staff was very friendly and if you tiped they were that much better. Bring hats to give away, you will make great friends and get incredible service from staff if you acknowledge them. In all it was very relaxing and we won't forget this holiday. Oh and don't forget your sunscreen and mosquito repellent for the black flies at night, that you don't see till the next day. Have fun and enjoy the beach  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice but I hope you don't want a chair at the beach We have travelled many times before to the Carribean and knew what to expect. The food was very good. You must remember it is not Canadian food. There was something at the buffet for guests from all over the world so of course there are many things we passed right on by. For example one night there was a delicious hip of beef with all the trimmings. We went to the Dominican a la carte restaurant but were not overly impressed. The service was fine throughout the resort but what is our personal pet peeve when travelling is a resort that does not have enough lounge chairs at the beach. You had to be up before 6 a.m. to get a chair. People would go down and put their towel on the chair and not come to the beach til after lunch. I was surprised to see this at a 4+ star resort. We saw chairs vacant for 4-5 hours straight. Extremely rude guests. We have been away many times and always meet people from all over. This resort however had mostly French guests and we are strictly English speaking. We did meet an American couple the second to last day there and they observed the same. The attitude of the guests is something you can not hold against the hotel however they promote French guests by employing French students brought from a university in France to deal exclusively with the French guests. I have nothing against French people just only wanted to make a point that the language barrier made it difficult to meet people. The resort itself was very clean and the entertainment deserves top marks.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous vacation at the Tropical Princess Tropical Princess Resort  Spa (4*) 鈥?Punta Cana, Dominican RepublicFrom Vancouver, CanadaMy husband and I stayed at this resort from March 10 鈥?17th, 2005. My criteria in looking for a resort was that it had to be 4* or plus and be a newer location. This resort was built in 2000. We had paid an extra $80 each to have the VIP package and it was definitely worth it. It gives you added services such as: 20 minute massage, top shelf liquor (i.e. Johnny Walker Black, Remy Martin, Courvosier etc鈥?, motorized sport, free cigars and rum in your room, free pop in your mini bar and free dinner at La Cava (steakhouse) or El Pescador (seafood). Without the VIP package, you would have to pay $25 USD per person to eat at one of these restaurants. First off, I will say that the vacation was fabulous 鈥?the beach and water were beautiful, the staff were friendly and the service was impeccable, the resort had a lot of activities you could choose to join (i.e. baci, archery, fitness classes on the stepper or aquatic classes, dance lessons, miniature golf etc鈥?. For food, there are ample places to eat to suit the pickiest of eaters. The main buffet (El Higuero) had an international buffet, local food, assorted fruits, cheeses and desserts. There were a couple of grills where they would make: fish, chicken etc. There is also a pasta station where you choose the pasta and sauce and the cook heats it up for you in a pan on the spot. If you don鈥檛 want to eat at the buffet for lunch, you can eat at smaller buffets on the resort, or we liked the Grill on the beach. They grilled chicken, burgers and hot dogs. You can find french fries in probably all the restaurants. To eat at one of the a la carte restaurants (Italian, Mexican, Chinese, Brazilian, Dominican) you have to book ahead at Guest Services in your building. There is a limit on the number of times you can eat at the a la carte restaurants; my favorite was El Pescador 鈥?get the lobster; it鈥檚 huge! There is also a creperie on site. They serve sweet and salty crepes (i.e. with lobster or salmon etc.) 鈥?I liked the sweet crepes better. The creperie is also the place to go for ice cream or banana splits. The resort has 2 swimming pools (one with a swim up bar) and a hot tub. It was way too hot to use the hot tub although I did see people try it out. As probably indicated in your vacation literature, tips are not required because it is supposed to be included in what you already paid, but you can鈥檛 help but want to give something (not all the time) to those that go above and beyond their duties. I also brought along a couple of Clinique makeup kits filled with some bonus (sample) items. I gave one to our housekeeping lady on the first day and one to the ladies who gave us our massage. I think that they appreciate anything you give them. You鈥檒l find that the staff will say 鈥渉ola鈥?with a smile all over the resort; not only at the front desk, but with employees everywhere on the resort (i.e. gardener, bellboy etc). The resort is really big, so there is a tram that goes around and picks and drops off people. I believe it runs 24 hours a day. You only have to wait for about 10 minutes. One of our favorite places to go everyday was the lobby. It was so comfortable with the wicker cushioned couches. We would get our drinks from the lobby bar and sit on the couch looking at the palm trees with the breeze coming in. There are even people who come around from the lobby bar to take your drink order so that you don鈥檛 have to get up. We bought a couple of things from markets: coffee, souvenirs and larimar. Larimar is a blue semi-precious stone only mined in the Dominican Republic. There are markets to the left (15 min walk) and the right (40 min walk) on the beach. Do not buy anything from the resort stores (convenience market, cigar store, art, jewelry) 鈥?it is overpriced to say the least. For the nightlife, there is a show every night at 9:45 pm. We only dropped in a couple of times, because we would eat dinner late after our drinks. We went to the club twice (free for resort guests) 鈥?good music. There is also a free shuttle to take you to a nearby casino.I don鈥檛 have anything to really complain about. I knew this was a 3rd world country and I lowered my expectations a little. There were only 3 things that could have been better:1)a couple of times, the shower only had cold water (I didn鈥檛 mind, it happens)2)check in was somewhat slow and we had to ask more than once for our VIP privileges (ie. Rum and cigars were not delivered to our room until day 4)3)watch out where your room is; if it is close to the activity area, you will hear loud music from 11 am. It got sort of annoying after awhile with the person on the mic. We got used to it, but if we go back, we may ask to be in another building.Again, these were only minor things and they do not change my mind about this resort. I absolutely recommend it!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jewelldd
<Content>very nice and Would Recommend To Anyone       beautiful lobby/open airy/marble floors  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing.. read this if your going there Im 17 and my family of 4 arrived there on march 17. When you get off the plane it was like you were getting hit with a brick wall of heat, therefore go on the plane wearing very VERY light clothing. The airport is pretty amazing all outside but quite busy ( we arrived at night). Getting your luggage and getting on the bus that takes you to your hotel is a little bit hecktic but RELAX, when u get there its so worth it. The roads are very skinny and the drivers sure drive fast but its fun and they do get you there haha. Once again when u arrive at the hotel and checking in its pretty crazy because everyone is frantic to get to their rooms. The rooms are pretty nice but i suggest taking bug spray with dit. I got alot of bits but they were only minor. Make sure you have very extreme sunscreen, i was wearing 50spf but i still managed to burn, bubble and peel. My family adn i went on the Swimming with the sharks/sting rays excurtion. very well worth it. I was pretty timid to go into the pen but it was fine. There is snorkling included in that package. it was about 80 bucks / person. expensive but once again worth it. Parasailing was so awesome too, highly suggested. it is reccomended to take some snacks on the plane with you they didnt feed much, but the chips down there are about 6 bucks for a big bag, kinda ridiuculous.the beaches are absoulty almazing as well. If you have any questiopns e-mail me at ---  
<Date>Mar 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Family Vacation We just got back and my family of 4 (kids 5  6 )had a great time. Here is a brief overview.ROOMS: Plenty of variety. Easy to switch if you need to. Don't unpack the first night and have a look around the resort to see where you may want to be. We had a family room:living room w/ 2 days beds plus bedroom with 2 doubles, 2 bathrooms. balcony,tv, mini-fridge. 3rd floor rooms have vaulted ceilings. Others offered sunked livingrooms.FOOD: Pretty good with something for everyone. Brazilian (free)  Italian($8pp/$4kids) are great. Heard Seafood ($25) was good too. Crepes and ice cream avail near beach. Bar/grills offer snacks and lunch by beach.BEACH/POOLS: Best I've ever been to so far. Get up early (before 7am)to reserve your palapas with towels. The pools (3) are great. One for families with little kids, one near beach volleyball and one with bar and lots of action. NIGHT: Lively!!! Party/dancing in looby after evening show. STAFF: Friendly. Although it might not seem like it, but they do work hard all day long. You might think service is slow at times but remember where you are and be a little patient,as it won't kill you to wait a few minutes.GUESTS: We meet lots of really neat people from all over Canada, France, and Germany. If you get involved in something (i.e. beach volleyball) you'll meet people. Speaking French (and spanish) will help you a lot.OTHERS: The resort is beautiful, weather terrific, (did not see a single bug the whole time), well worth the $$$$. Shuttle bus available all day but beautiful and pleasant 5 min walk through man-groves to gorgeous lobby. $20 for safe. Babysitting is $8-$10 per hour but Kids Club free and staff spoke fluent English and French. HINTS: Bring plenty of sunscreen.- price at shop was between $20-$45 for a bottle of sunscreen. Pringles chips were $6, film $10. Bring plenty of small US bills. Change only given in peso.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sunswimsand
<Content>Terrible - from a traveller who has travelled.   showReview(3215405, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Vacation       Front lobby  
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tropical Princess is perfection!   showReview(3098205, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>itraveltooBarrie
<Content>Could be better!   showReview(3088353, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I Loved Tropical Princess   showReview(2142750, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome at the Tropical Princess   showReview(2061308, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>don't bother if it's high season,not worth it.   showReview(1850949, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Here's the Truth!   showReview(1794709, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>never again   showReview(1789132, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 16, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad at all   showReview(1726359, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>839
<Content>Nous y retournerons       la plage  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>muchachitaCantabria
<Content>Todo fenomenal, excepto...   showReview(22934042, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Fabiotto
<Content>Bellissimo Tropical Princess.       Piscina  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MoniTrier
<Content>Super Urlaub   showReview(20549528, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>WMAU76
<Content>Fabuloso   showReview(20093544, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>perlapaz
<Content>mas o menos???   showReview(19132205, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	2	3	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nicht schlecht   showReview(22963210, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Andri21
<Content>Tropical Princess Un Encanto       Postre En El Sobrero  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel mit Klassensystem - Urlaub mit Aufbuchung   showReview(22955796, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lillyanna-hh
<Content>super sch枚ner traumurlaub       der weihnachtsmann und ich....sch枚n wars...  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Traumurlaub   showReview(22951086, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Urlaub   showReview(22949676, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wgspr
<Content>odisea en plaza bavaro   showReview(18468557, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>LULUBORICUA
<Content>maravillosas vacaciones en tropical princess       fotografiando el monito  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>trick35
<Content>me gust贸 demasiado       clases de ginmasia en el agua  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	2	

<Author>Alvarin
<Content>Excelente diversi贸n y bellos paisajes       Adi贸s Punta Cana......voleveremos pronto  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mip177
<Content>Princess es la diversi贸n...       Bar del lobby  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>ArroyoBoricua
<Content>me encanto voy otra vez       mi hija en el balcon de la hab  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>slesio
<Content>Rilassante       Bagno 1  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	4	-1	3	

<Author>nickyM72
<Content>Soyez prudent   showReview(15781485, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	2	3	

<Author>crowee
<Content>Molto bello con un piccolo neo   showReview(15611533, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	2	5	3	3	

<Author>Ale75
<Content>Ho lasciato a santo domingo il mio cuore...   showReview(15155566, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	5	3	3	

<Author>AcadienGirl
<Content>Servie comme des reines       le soir les plage  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>misterivano
<Content>Una vacanza da sogno       la frutta  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>simocam
<Content>top class       topical princess  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FYG
<Content>la playa expectacular...mucha naturaleza   showReview(14164719, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	2	2	3	

<Author>gedochile
<Content>Unas vacaciones inolvidable       playa  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>TOSCANITOCopiapo
<Content>menos de lo que esperaba       Paisaje playa Bavaro Punta Cana  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	4	1	

<Author>fraisinette-Abitibi
<Content>Super beau - j'y retournerais       vue de la plage  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Biodda
<Content>Non saprei....   showReview(13275078, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	1	1	2	2	

<Author>mvyg
<Content>Tropical Princess , des vacances de r锚ves       脌 quelques pas du Tropical Princess  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>Meritach
<Content>Los Princess est谩n buen铆simos...       Playa B谩varo  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>SASSARESE
<Content>Indimenticabile..................       Frutta colorata  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	3	5	4	4	

<Author>avaloschristian
<Content>2 en 1       Lobby en la noche  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	2	2	2	

<Author>javiarabe
<Content>Una estancia superior a la media       Tropical Princess  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>shantall
<Content>De superbe vacances !       mama gina  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HUASO21
<Content>Para viajeros primerizos   showReview(8069903, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	2	4	2	

<Author>oberhoffer
<Content>Immer wieder traumhaft       Lust auf mehr  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>nathalie1069
<Content>super voyage       notre serveur  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>picoespejo
<Content>Tropical princess.........ci tornero'   showReview(8026931, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>televisora
<Content>el paraiso est谩 en PUNTA CANA.   showReview(8026713, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cstchileno
<Content>Fascinante estadia tropical princess       bailando con los animadores, en el teatro - cstchileno  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ssaannddrraa
<Content>das Geld nicht wert!   showReview(7700310, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	4	2	4	3	

<Author>lilltasha
<Content>Des vacances magnifiques!!       siempre es bueno refrescarce - cstchileno  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>cuquiblu
<Content>Bonitas vacaciones!!       Vista del ingreso al Tropical Princess Hotel  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>goujo
<Content>Tout 茅tait excellent       Vista desde el Lobby hacia el interior  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sweetkimi
<Content>Hautement d茅pass茅 nos attentes!       Le petit cart qui nous prom猫ne sur le resort  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>milou7
<Content>my place tropical princess - caribe   showReview(6832013, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Silkya
<Content>PeAsO De VaCaCiOnEs       en el comerdor  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>Sharkys23
<Content>Tropical tourista princess punta caca   showReview(6612978, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Amel11
<Content>Quelle d茅ception!   showReview(6540874, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>unas vacaciones para no olvidar   showReview(4957755, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

