<Author>Travelmomjbb
<Content>Hotel or Animal Shelter My family stayed at the Casa Blanca last night. We arrived at 5:00 and went straight out to the beach to enjoy it before dark. The first thing we noticed was 2 cats. They were in the pool area and we could smell them right away. After we went to the beach we came back through the pool area and saw 10! cats following a man around on the pool deck. I told the desk clerk and he said, (without any concern) Oh, they live there all the time! My boys would not even swim at the pool because of the smell and my husband and I left at 9 a.m. because we could not swim in the pool and there were hundreds of Jelly Fish on the beach area, many right in front of the Hotel! No one at the front desk even warned us or said anything about the Jelly Fish problem! Also, one of our beds was broken on the frame and tipped when you sat down! Please do not stay at this Hotel! Jeanine from Orlando  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>impychickno1
<Content>We loved it! We were a bit nervous after reading some of the other reviews!! We got there at 2.30pm, after our booking paperwork said we could book in from 12noon but the receptionist said that checking in wasnt until 4pm. After sitting the lobby for a while, they called us over and said that they had given us an upgrade to the 10th floor.I can't obviously comment on any of the other rooms, but WOW! Our room was actually a one bed studio flat with a balcony overlooking the bay and we just spent the first 3 hours sitting on the balcony saying wow, this is amazing. Staff were really helpful, although the restaurant was limited in choice. Gil behind the bar was a smashing bloke and explained all about baseball to us - we are now Phillies fans!! The hotel has recently been renovated and I think we were lucky with our timings as the beach as deserted when we went. Try the city  boat tour, it'll give you a good idea of where everything is in relation to you.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Vanereyes
<Content>Bad experience On the internet the hotel may look nice, but when you arrive is a different story. The worst continental breakfast I麓ve ever seen. Dirty rugs and tubs. Old furniture in the rooms. The lobby looks as if it was recently restored, it麓s the only nice area. Wireless internet only in the lobby. The pool is ok, yet it had a terrible smell, there were a lot of black cats sorrounding the pool area, so that may explain the smell !!!!!!!! $16 dollar for one night parking facilities. Don麓t consider this hotel as an option, you麓麓ll be dissapointed.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	1	1	1	3	

<Author>moeky
<Content>DO NOT GO THERE.... DO YOURSELF A FAVER AND DONT GO THERE i stayed there for 3 nights..... wish i never did...... every thing is old and dirty.......really really dirty, employees... oh my god... dont speak english at all.... so u got to use the sign language... but they good in chasing ur women like preditors. food .... dont u ever eat there...unless u like to spend the night in the bathroom... oh and there is no internet but in the main lobby..... no ice, no nothing... do ur self a faver and stay some where else........  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>wilde13
<Content>Never again From the outside it looked okay, but from the hallways to the rooms: gross! Noisy, the air condition brings in the smoke from the other rooms, on the carpet we stepped only with shoes on, the bathing tub was so gross that we left our shoes on.The pool was ok, there was direct access to the beach.Staff was helpful. There were free pool towels. You had to use valet parking for more than 10 US$ extra per day, there was no parking space.I left a negative feedback with my travel agent.Never again!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	3	3	3	

<Author>deegrl20
<Content>Don't waste your money This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. The hotel was under construction and we were woken up every morning to the sound of drilling, and banging. Our room was just above one of their roof tops and we had to endure a port a potty literally outside of our window. To top it off the port a potty door was facing us. Not only did it spill when they tried to relocate it the next day but they decided not to clean up the mess of human waste. One morning we woke up to a group of men yelling and screaming as they ripped up the old roof top. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to my worst enemy. Beware!!! Look elsewhere for a hotel. The photos must have been taken 20 years ago as the place looks nothing like that now.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	2	1	

<Author>vross
<Content>American Airlines divorce yourself from the Hotel Casablanca,Miami Beach, Fl. 鈥淎merican Airlines divorce yourself from the Casablanca Hotel, Miami Beach, Fl.鈥?br/>In February 2008 my friend and I took an all-inclusive package trip with American Airlines for which we paid $435 for airfare and hotel to Miami Beach. The flight was from La Guardia to MB on a Thursday morning. The flight was full but uneventful. We rented a car at the airport and proceeded to the Casablanca Hotel. This hotel is located on the 6200 block of Collins Avenue on the ocean side. We knew that the hotel would not be of five-star quality but nothing prepared us for The Casablanca, the hotel which American Airlines chose as their partner in Miami Beach.Upon arrival we were greeted with huge areas of paint peeling off the exterior. What wasn鈥檛 peeling was filthy beyond belief. The shabbiness of the whole exterior was evident from several blocks away. There were large piles of refuse on lower roofs and side areas. As we walked into the lobby there was a sign apologizing for the construction as they were repainting the exterior. Uh oh, we thought.The gal at reception could barely welcome us as she was overwhelmed with even one check in鈥?ours. She went through her computer several times before she could find our reservation even though we had our confirmations in hand. Finally, she proudly informed us she had chosen a 鈥渧ery good room鈥?and we proceeded upstairs. The sad and tired lobby gave us an indication we were in trouble. Scattered about were bits and pieces of worn and soiled furniture, accented by bleak lighting, an absence of pictures and plants and a sleepy security guard at a table in front of the elevators talking on a cell phone. Room 637 here we come. The elevator had been cheaply redone and was already worn and filthy. The corridors were smelly and dirty and looked like they had not been vacuumed in years. We opened the door to a sad room highlighted by a stained uneven carpet with holes and tears. The bedspreads were so obviously dirty that they were untouchable. The windows were so dirty that our 鈥渇abulous ocean view鈥?was irrelevant as we could not see through the film of dirt and salt water. These rooms also have kitchens so people are all cooking in their rooms, thus a smorgasbord of rank smells in the hallways. We decided to be good sports and grin and bare it. We had brought our own pillow cases and asked housekeeping for extra sheets and towels so we could cover the blankets and floors where we might have to step or sit. We unpacked and noticed that the majority of the ceiling in the closet was black with mold. We called downstairs and vacated the room while we assumed they would disinfect the room. We walked down to the pool, which was the saving grace of the hotel. Even though all the cabanas were locked the pool was attractive with ample lounge chairs. No card tables or any tables were a complaint that we over heard. There were no tables either in the lobby or public rooms which is so strange in Florida, the home of the Ladies card and tile games.When we came back to the room they had painted over the mold with paint. We noticed no signs for evacuation plan so we checked where the stairs were just in case. And then the toilet over flowed. Back down to the desk begging for another room. On to Room 701 which seemed a little bit better? A smaller spot of mold, the windows were not as dirty and we started to settle in. They did not give us a hard time changing rooms and even gave our room away to the next people checking in as we stood there getting our new keys.We vowed to spend as little time in the hotel as possible. We never ate a meal there or had a drink as the bar and dining area were so unappealing. The pool was our only salvation as the weather was glorious for our four day trip. We never used the kitchen except to make tea and coffee. The bed linens were so flimsy and old and the room was so badly in need of cleaning which looked like it had not been done in years. What got us through each night was an ample supply of Ambien, Xanax and a good sense of humor!For extra thrills at no cost, valet parking misplaced our car and mislabeled the keys. After an hour search they found the car not at the hotel but in a parking lot a few blocks from the hotel where they park the overload. To add insult to injury, we learned that it was $16 a day to park at the hotel per day which was strange as the car was only a little more to rent per day. We did our time and left, never, ever to return. Even though there are no computers at the hotel there is Wifi in the lobby and I had brought my lap top. Perched on one knee I went into www.tripadvisor.com and looked up the hotel (which I should have done before booking) and found 91 blogs鈥?all bad. I started to read about lice and bed bugs and boils and lost cars and rude personal. I had to stop as I had another few days to stay. And as the final insult, our flight home on American, our host for our mini vacation, was delayed by hours because the plane was broken.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	1	

<Author>Fxmanis
<Content>Do not - do not - do not - stay at this hotel - please!!! Please - Oh Please Do yourself a favor and DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL - THIS IS A HELL HOLE - 1) they do not have ice on any floors 2) they let anykind of people in including druggies and their girls - does not make for a safe experience 3) the hotel checkin girls are worse then poor 4) the cats are real 4) pool is never cleaned 4) the valet parking is worse then worse (demanding $5 each drop in and pickup) 5) PLEASE DO NOT STAY HERE AT ANY PRICE  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>willywanker
<Content>absolutely horrid This hotel was absolutely horrible. On second thought, I wouldn't even call this a hotel-after four days at this hotel I came out with boils all over my skin from bug bites and when I got back my barber told me that I got lice! I would never go back..even if I was paid, let alone paying. A joke of a place  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>love2travel2fla
<Content>Worst Ever!...Where should I begin I stayed at this hotel for 2 weeks. Valet parking is the worst ever...If you don't speak Spanish..your in trouble...The carpets in the hall way smell like mildew...The windows didn't close so you heard a whistle sound from up under the door..The tub leaked..Front desk was RUDE...I travel a lot and this was the WORST hotel I have ever stayed in...Spend the extra 20 a night to find a decent hotel...  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>brenton66
<Content>horrible place We have just returned from two weeks at the casablanca, south miami, florida. The hotel was not nice I have never experienced such low standard before. The service was below average. We ate at the restaurant once for our entire stay there, the food was disgusting.Room service was more than terrible you were expected to stay in your filthy room, garbage bins not emptied or clean sheets up to 1800 and it was no point in ringing house keeping because it was touch and go whether your room would be cleaned that day and when it was cleaned the dust that was swept from your room ,would then be swept outside your door and you wouild just walk on it bringing it back to your room making your feet filthy black.we spent 4 days in orlando while we were out there at a B  B and wished that (B B) was where we were spending our entire holiday.I would love to say that there was something I liked about the hotel but in all honesty there was not even a single solitary point that was good. from reception service to house keeping to restaurant absolutely nothing.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>tfitz81
<Content>All bad!!! Horrible customer service, smelly, loud, etc. etc. We booked our stay a few months prior to the actual date of stay via telephone for a portion of our honeymoon, while returning from a cruise. We called and confirmed our 2 night stay one week prior to. They advised they had already pre-assigned our hotel room to us. It didn't matter,read on........ After our first night's stay, which was horrible. We didn't feel too safe staying there, as they have security that pace the floors throughout the evening and day for safety. The bathroom had mildew and mold growing in the tub and walls. There was paint chipping away in the hotel room and the hallways thoughout the hotel. It was very smelly there. Then to top it off after our first evening there,( at approximately 11:30am) the front desk personnel called our room and advised we needed to check out and when were we planning to, since check out time was 11:00? We advised we had reserved the room for another night, months prior to. The front desk person insisted that we were not reserved for one more evening and consulted with the manager. (even though we had confirmed for 2 nights stay)The manager then contacted us and advised we needed to pack up and leave. We advised we had no where to stay and could they provide some type of comp or sister hotel for us. (all of the hotels in Miami were booked, we had already called, believe me)The manager advised it didn't matter, we needed to leave and we would be put out on the street by security or they would call the police. We left on our will, gladly. Whatever you do, do not stay at this hotel!!!!!! It needs to be bulldozed. It was a bad ending to our wonderful honeymoon!!!!!!! Thanks a lot Casablanca and to the horrible staff there!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>BarbieBrazil
<Content>A piece of garbage in front of the ocean!!! I booked this terrible hotel thinking that I would have a great stay, but what a surprise!!!! First because I payed too much for it, and second because it is in Miami Beach just in front of the ocean! The hotel is too old and extremely dirty! The chairs and sofas from the lobby were with thousands of holes, so you can imagine the rest! Everything is dirty, I don麓t understand how they are still opened!!! DON麓T GO!!!!! WARNING!!!!!!!!!!! The worse hotel ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	3	-1	-1	

<Author>TorontoSummer01
<Content>Hated this hotel I have just returned from South Beach Miami,where I stayed at the Casablanca on the Ocean. On their website they say they are newly renovated, well I got there to find out that this is far from true. I requested a room overlooking the ocean, which I got, however it was terrible. You can hear the guests in the room above and in the room beside you and they were quite loud. The hall ways are dark and spooky. I found most of the staff to be unfriendly and rude. Maybe if I spoke spanish they would be more friendly as all the staff is spanish. I also found the valets to be rude and unfriendly. I would not recommend anyone stay there. I rate the hotel a ...negative 5 star.!!!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>odror
<Content>Just skip to the next hotel Hi,You can read my review, but if I were you I'd just skip into the next hotel...We ordered a bay view room, when arrived into the hotel they noticed us that the parking service cost additonal charge of 16$ per day. Than they sent us to the room, it's a smelly smoking room while we ordered a non smoking room. we asked to change the room and needed to wait until 16:00. By the way both room had no view to the bay, I think that the bay can't be seen from this hotel...The room was below our expectation and we noticed after staying that the bed was with ticks and our legs got hurt from that.The story ends with this that when checking out they told us that there is a charge for the safe, and it's the first time to tell us about it.I'd never come back to this hotel and I've been for a lot of hotel in my life  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LAJET
<Content>Ok, but you have to have an open mind. Found this place via 10kvacationsrentals.com. Advertised as a condo with a large deck. Was told condos were seperate from the hotel (not true). They were rented for like $150 a night.Upon arriving, realized parking is a bit of a hassle, so tipped valet well, and let him know I was there for 4 days. Was told you can call down in advance to have your car waiting, which worked well.Hotel is a bit run down, and the halls smell a bit. Lots of langages being spoken in the lobby, english not being the first choice ; )Room was just ok - murphy bed with small futon that was too small for my two yong boys to sleep on together. The deck was probably larger than the room, and it did have an ocean view.The pool was decent enough, though crowded with families cuban families camped out in the shade for the day. The beach was nice, again a bit crowded but clean.Our friends contacted the hotel directly and got a cleaner, nicer room a few doors down from us - for $100 bucks a night!Look - Miami is expensive, and I've stayed at worse. But you have to know what you're getting here.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	4	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sanjoseer
<Content>Ruined Vacation at Casablanca. Warning!!!!!!!!! It was the worst experience my family had ever had in any hotel in any part of the world. My husband parked his car at the valet parking, and guess what, next morning it got stolen, and shockingly enough the valet didn't have our key! They are pure mafia, and i am surprise to learn that there is no class action suit against it. After that the administration Madame was rude, lying and of course we have to deal now with all the car related issues with rent a car agencyIf anyone had similar experience and wants to start legal action, We are in!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Philipp_G
<Content>A disaster This place is half condo half hotel, which means some rooms are condo rooms and some hotel rooms.I stayed in a Condo Room for three mounth because of a job in Miami. So I can conceive an opinion on this place.My private condo room was good, but the hotel itself and the amenities are terrible.The whole hotel is stinking, it was nasty leaving my room.The pool area is dirty and lound, especially in the weekends, when a prole crowd of hispanic people come to their condos and spread their pizza pieces all over the pool area and play their radios terrible loud.The staff is rude, the valet parking is slow and rude. If you are not hispanic, you are treated like a stray dog. It might be, that the parking lot is full and then you are not allowed to park even if you are a hotel guest! They simply tell you, you can search for a public parking space. But there are not any in the proximity, not to mention all public parking spaces have parking meters, and you can only park there for a few hours. And be careful, they tow away quickly in Miami Beach. If you are heading out towards the beach you have to pass area stinking of cat piss caused by cats.The hotel rooms I have seen were pretty dirty. The windows in ALL! rooms I have seen were leak, so rainwater came in.Do you a favour. Stay away from this place.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>texasfamily1001
<Content>Disgusting This has to be the worst hotel my family and i have stayed at. It was disgusting, even that is being to kind. The hotel staff is rude and unknowlegable. We asked the security if he could direct us in the way of a nice resturant and the only place he could mention was dennys...because by nice we of course meant something we could easy go to in our own town. My brother and I were going to use the gym the next night and asked the same security guy if he could open the door to it for us and he replied you have to go to the front desk and ask them, you have to be a guest to use it i am not sure what he meant by it but it certainly seemed as if he implied we were not welcome, when we went to the receptionist to get the key she said it closes at elven i replied okay and stood there until she went to the back....we waited for five minutes when she came back she looked at us stunned and asked yes i replied i'd like the key to the gym....it was only 10:15 so we would have a good 45mins to work out....but i guess she believed we needed to work out for a lot longer. We put our towels on the floor as the request to get new ones...we didn't get any though the same dirty ones were left there. We were charged for Valet parking the thing is because they were always so backed up they made us both park it and pick it up every time but when we got there. There are black cats everywhere....and im sure its because they find food all over the place. On our way back we found a beautiful beach called Lido beach....its much nicer than Miami Beach, although even Bayside has much more beauty than Miami and South.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>vthokie86
<Content>Worst Hotel Ever! Inside is my letter to the hotel. No reply... April 16, 2007Casablanca On The Ocean6345 Collins AveMiami Beach, FL 33141Casablanca:My family (wife, kids, and 84 year old mother) stayed in your hotel in room TH12 for three nights (3/28/07-3/31/07). For a AAA three diamond hotel, we were very dissatisfied with the quality of your property. This ranks as one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in. TH12 was roomy, but certainly not three diamond quality. I left an extensive list when I checked out, but am following up with this letter.The following were unacceptable for any hotel, let alone a AAA three diamond hotel:1.The washer worked, but the dryer did not. No repair.2.The windows would not close correctly in the master bedroom resulting in a whistle. We had to tuck towels around the window at night. Didn鈥檛 help much.3.The balcony outside our room was great, until I saw that it was being held up with emergency braces because of what looks like an imminent collapse. That balcony should be repaired or closed.4.The light switch on the table lamp was missing. Very difficult to turn the lamp on and off. Only I could do it - my wife, kids, or mother did not have the strength to turn the thin wire that normally holds the switch.5.The vertical blinds were in disrepair and for the main one at the sliding glass door, were not closable.6.The stereo on top of the TV did not work.7.The microwave oven on the stove did not work, but there was an extra microwave on the counter as a backup. The main one should be fixed.8.Six light bulbs were out including the bulb in the refrigerator and the freezer. Maintenance came quickly to fix some of them, but not the freezer light bulb.9.The safe did not work. I was credited with the $2 per day charge, but it would have been nice to use the safe. It was a feature that I appreciate having in a hotel.10.There were wild cats in the pool area and in the alley between the pool and the beach.11.The alley behind the pool and beach was a mess. There was trash all over and gang graffiti on walls.12.The whole property looked worn down and in disrepair. It certainlyis not 鈥渘ew鈥?and that adjective should be removed from your name.Our stay here was the first three days of an 8 day vacation 鈥?perhapsthe last for my 84 year old mother. I was completely dissatisfied with your property and believe that I should receive a refund of at least one night鈥檚 stay.I will wait for your reply before I send a letter to AAA and the Better Business Bureau.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	2	2	

<Author>Shockhorror
<Content>If this hotel gets 3 stars then Hell must be at least a 4 or 5 Star venue What a depressing, calamity arriving at this 'horror' hotel........I felt sick to the stomach that I had actually ended up in such a 'doss house'..................A truly awful place.........my worse hotel experience ever........talk about dirty and shoddy...........this place looked like the film set for a garish New York multiple murder story...............and I am not kidding.Read the Reviews.......................and save your sanity !!!!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Adam_Munich
<Content>Horrible - never ever 'casablanca on the beach, miami' again we came for a florida round trip to the usa. the first hotel was the casablanca on the ocean. sorry guys, but i've been to a lot of hotels. but even the hotels in north africa are better and cleaner than yours! never ever again, i can not recommend it, harshly people, a lot of waste around, 16 $ for parking, room was not cleaned ... never book this 'hotel' (it should not be called hotel, it should rather be called flophouse).  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>MDmarina
<Content>Horrible experience at this hotel! Our experience at this hotel was horrible. To start when we arrived, we were told that they would need a credit card and that a $250 authorization would be placed on our credit card. We found out that they actually placed a $1,850 authorization on the credit card. We spoke to a manager who confirmed that when we checked out the authorization would be removed. A day after we checked out we found not only had they not removed the authorization but they had double charged us. After multiple phone calls to the manager they still had not credited us back and we had to have the credit card company get involved. Lastly, the hotel is major need of renovations and the rooms were dingy. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cocola
<Content>Not very good and expensive We stayed there for a few days. Here are a few things about the hotel :1) It is not really a hotel, but a condominium.2) The location is bad. You have to take a bus (and therefore always have quarters or 1 dollar bills on you, because no short-term transportation cards are available in Miami and Miami beach) to go to south beach, the Art deco and shopping area (20 mn by bus). Also, going to Miami downtown by bus is extremely long from the hotel (1hour and a half).3) Our room was very humid, the bathroom terrible and the closet stinked as if a boar had slept in it.4) The staff was not that bad (front desk), except the room service which strived to forget a different thing each day in our room.6) It is definitely not a 3-star but rather a 1-1/2 or at best a 2-star hotel.7) The policy is to charge you extra things (the safe even if you do not use it, the Miami Herald every morning). So beware.8) They offer tours in partnership with local companies. Some of them are good.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	1	3	2	2	

<Author>Luv_MiamiFlorida
<Content>NASTY!!! My husband and I visited this helltel for a Christmas vacation. We checked in on 12/24/06 and was informed there would be an $18.00 fee for parking. However, Hotels.com listed the parking price as $15.00 per nigth. (WE PAID $15.00)So we check in.Upon entering the 1st elevator there were 3 gentlemen trying to open the middle elevator with what appeared to be a butter knife Since we were not sure if we'd find another Hotel we stayed, went to our room to find Mildew on the showercurtian rod, a stained comforter, hair that did not belong to us on clean towels, dark halls and carpet stained througout the entire hotel. The hall leading to the pool area was very dark and smelled as if somone Pissed all over the carpet and walls. there was no exit onto the beach from the pool area. I would not sit my bags on the what look to be handme down funiture that was pickup from the side of the road. After seeing this we left and not to return until 1:30 am Christmas morning. When we checked out on 12/26/06 we were charged for two night of parking and only stayed FOR ONE NIGHT!! when we explained this to the Clerk her response was it's in the computer for 2 nights there is nothing we can do. I asked to speak with the stupervisor and she was too busy to address this issue. PLEASE DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL. The upside of this is the directions were great and after speaking with a repersentative at Hotels.com we were refund some of our money for the inconvenience.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>uklady
<Content>Terrible hotel We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights from 8th November before boarding our cruise. We got a taxi from Miami airport and, when we arrived at the hotel, the taxi had great difficulty getting to the side of the road where the hotel is situated. It's on a very busy one way street so, we had to drag all our suitcases over ourselves weaving in and out of heavy traffic as there isn't even a crossing nearby. This is not a hotel. In fact, we were informed that it's a condominium block and people rent them out when they are not there themselves. The room itself was o.k but the noise from adjoining neighbours was attrocious to say the least. The walls are paper thin and you can hear EVERYTHING from whispering, laughing, tv the lot! At the end of the day, most people live in these condo's so they can do whatever they want and be as noisy as they want. The hallways are very dark and dim and need a desperate coat of paint as it is peeling everywhere.The hotel is about a 10-15 minute ddrive from the art deco area and all other attractions but, unfortunately we will NEVER stay at this hotel again. It need knocking down and rebuilding to be in line with all the others arounf it.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	2	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>MC050861
<Content>The Absolute Worst Hotel I Have Ever Had The Displeasure Of Staying At. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE DO NOT STAY THERE EVER! The hotel is dirty, nasty, smelly, the paint is peeling off the walls, the pool area is nasty. We checked in and out on the same day. There was no way I was going to sleep in that dirt bag hotel.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	3	-1	3	-1	-1	

<Author>justthebest
<Content>Not that bad! We spent 4 nights here and would go back! We had a ocean view room with 2 full size beds. The room was a little small, but for the amount of time we actually spent in the room it was ok. It was clean, quiet, and the beach access was great!!! The staff was friendly and very helpful. We did not eat at the restaurant, but the bar and staff was good.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>malynot
<Content>Worst hotel ever worst hotel ever they ask for a $250 cash deposit for each room and they said they would return it in cash but they didnt. they said they would send checks in the mail but they never did.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Milan1976
<Content>Excellent for the money For the hotel rate this is an excellent hotel. The hotel has a great pool and had helpful staff at the front desk, prompt room service and a large clean room with a well equiped kitchen area. There is a supermarket and a few restaurants within walking distance but dont expect anything as exciting as South Beach. If your wanting to go out every night i wouldnt stay here. However its an easy 20 - 30 min bus journey to South Beach or local mall. Dont expect Hilton standard but for the budget I would recomment this hotel for sure.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bit Grotty! Rather tatty and very disappointing.The entrance lobby is quite grand - but that is it!When we were taken up to our room - in the service lift as this was the only one that ever seemed to arrive. We were lead down a very dark and dingy corridor. The walls had A4 signs on them saying wet painted.Once in the room, it again was very dark and dingy and very grubby. The little kitchen area looked like it was falling apart. The bathroom had mould in it. There was a safe in the room, and you had to pay for it wether you used it or not.There was not much to do within walking distance, however the bus stops were quite close and only 1.50 to travel down to the main areas. The hotel was on the beach, but I didn't rate it personally. The best thing about the hotel was the pool, however it was freezing but on talking to one of the guests she told me it was warmer earlier in the week and she thought they had turned the heater off - WHY?The next morning we were woken up by a strange sound about 6.00 am. It turned out to be the painter running masking tape around our door and then painting in whilst we were still in bed trying to sleep. We were not very happy.I would not use this hotel again, even though they were carrying out some kind of decorating it actually needs a major refurb. However saying that now I have been to Miami I wouldn't bother going back there either, not really my cup of tea!  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible stay at the casablanca The Casablanca hotel was anything but a pleasant stay. Read some reviews and expected alot more than what I really got. Problems with the staff was one of the things. Problems started before we even got into our rooms. It just continued as we never got services when we called front desk for help. The safes were pretty much useless and a waste of your $2.00 plus 14 cents for tax. The towels that were given out were thin and rough. You had to return all your towels and notify the front desk before they charge you an extra $10. The pool wasnt too bad and the convenience made up for it. The interior of the hotel was nothing as expected. Chipped paint, dirty carpets, construction right outside your room, the hallways smell like trash. The rooms weren't any better. Dirty carpets inside the room, closet smell like trash, clogged sinks and much more. The cooking pots and pans looked like they've been to war and back. Completely dirty and felt really uncomfortable staying there for 5 nights. The valet parking people were rude and was of no help. The person at the morning frontdesk was rude and completely unprofessional. definitely not recommended. you will make a mistake by staying at this hotel. The motel down the block looked better than this hotel. and don't be fooled with the video that is offered on their main website. it is nothing like that. beware!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Tracey1110
<Content>Hotel in good location We stayed at this hotel for 6 nights. We were in a Rm,615 on the 6th floor. The room was a nice size, lovely views of the the city, waterways.The room had a small kitchen with cooker, fridge/freezer and microwave, lots of cupboards.No worktop space which was problem as you had nowhere to drain washing up or prepare meals.The beds were bouncy,we got used to it.Great Colour t.v with over 90 channels to chose from. A clock radio . The bathroom was a nice size, clean, towels soft and changed daily. The lighting was dim which was a problem if you wanted to read, even with the bedside lights on it didnt make much diference.There is a inroom safe which you get charged $3.00 a night whether you use it or not.The pool was of nice size and you could walk out of the gate right on to the beach which is lovely. The staff were friendly and helpful. There is a little shop that provides essentials, but is way overpriced. There is a supermarket approx 0.5 miles away which is brilliant, plus other shops, resturants along the road. Public transport in Miami is very good. The S bus takes you to Adventura mall north miami or to Lincoln road mall south miami. $1.50 per person, you must have the correct money. If you want to go the Sea aquaruim you take the S bus, South, stay on this bus till the last stop and then get the B bus to KeyBiscaye. You will see signs for the Aquaruim. All the bus routes had amazing views.The Cassablanca was ok, But I would try another hotel if I came to Miami again.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>oshea
<Content>mixed reactions. MY family and myself have just returned from MIAMI, which we spent 2 nights at the casablanca on the ocean hotel on collins avenue, as well as taking a 7 day cruise with carnival cruises on board a ship called the triumph. First the hotel was pretty central and it was easy to get around with the local bus at $1.50, hotel staff were friendly and we were right on the beach, from outside the hotel looked pretty o.k, after we booked in we made our way to our apartment, this we were given as they made a mistake in their booking,as they had a policy that you had to book for a minimum of 5 nights,and we had booked 2 with them, but were not notified until one week before we were ready to leave IRELAND. we were supposed to have 2 roooms, but got this instead,bottom floor had large kitchen with pull out bed, cooker, dishwasher, microwave.and large fridge freezer, upstairs was 2 seperate rooms both had own shower toilet etc. the pull out bed had the springs coming through at the bottom, but after coming from IRELAND, and being so tired we slept both nights all right,the hotel was in DIRE need of a good PAINT JOB to brighten it up, also carpets needed to be all taken out to the nearest dump. and replaced.for a hoel to be so friendly and fairly good location,the decor did not suit, either outside or inside. as all the hotels in that area were bright and prosperous. i would still give it 5 out of 10.and say it is good for familys.next to my cruise, well weather was good in MIAMI first 2 days, then SAT came and we were of to ferryport to CARNIVAL cruises, we were to sail at 4.30 pm but were delayed until near 7 pm as a lot of flights were late with the bad weather up by new york and further north.THE ship was very good staff were excellent, shows were good but I FOUND THE FOOD WELL BELOW 5STAR QUALITY in truth it was plentyful and a very good ship for familys of all ages, this i would recommend. if anyone needs any info on this cruise feel free to contact me at jimmurray58@hotmail.com  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good rate for a low-cost place            
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid this hotel Although the Web site claims the hotel is lovingly restored, it was anything but.Dark hallways, peeling paint, chipped plaster, and not much of anything as far as comfort, let alone luxury.Very slow valet service, inconsistant levels of service throughout.I'll never go back, or recommend it.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Hotel Ever!!! I was very interested to read other peoples awful reviews about the Casablanca Hotel, as I also thought it was hideous! I found the staff to be the rudest people I have ever encountered in a hotel. When we arrived, we checked in and explained to a very surly and rude receptionist that the airline had lost our luggage and they would send it to us the following day from London. This lady looked as if she couldnt care a less so we headed off to our room which was still dirty from the previous occupants....dirty, slept in beds etc!When we went back to the receptionist she didnt even apologise and just handed over another room key. I have stayed in better hostels! The place was grimy and dirty and there was no way I would eat in the bar or even the free continental breakfast which was provided. It was as if foreign people were not welcome and if you could not speak any spanish they were not interested. I have travelled to many of America's beautiful cities and have found the people to be very helpful and friendly.....but not in The Casablanca! I had to pinch myself at times to remind myself that this was the USA I was not in some dirty 3rd world country.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Hotel i have been to I have booked this Hotel in January 2005 2 Ocean view rooms. I live in the UK and am a Reservations manager for a Big Hotel chain. After travelling more than 30 hours we finally got to the Hotel in the middle of the night to be told by the night porter that they are fully booked and they wouldn鈥檛 have a room for us. Reception area was packed with people who had the same problems. I understand they might have been short of rooms due to the hurricane but I would have informed my Guest and let them know at least. They were known trying to find a Hotel room with us who I wasn鈥檛 happy as Miami was fully booked. I just wanted to jump over the counter and slap the man behind reception. They weren鈥檛 very helpful or friendly at all and from organisation side of it there wasn鈥檛 even a duty manager on site to deal with this the just left the poor night porter to deal with all those people. also how can a hotel book people like us where they know we are travelling from a far distance and timezones.We over book in our hotel too nearly every hotel does but you look carefully through your reservations and pick who you book out or not depending on journey length of the stay and after talking to other people in reception we were the ones which came the longest distance and were staying 5 days. In the end they paid for our complete stay at the other hotel which was ok even though we had to sleep with ants and our holiday was ruined.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Casablanca... After booking my reservation I stumbled onto tripadvisor reviews and became a little startled. I SERIOUSLY PREPARED MYSELF FOR THE WORST, AND.....NOT ONLY WAS I PLEASANTLY SUPRISED, BUT I BOOKED ANOTHER RESERVATION FOR MY FAMILY IN EARLY JANUARY.The front desk was gracious and welcomed us with smiles. Thank you to Danny; who went over and above during our entire stay!Apparently the hotel elevator sustained some damage after the hurricane last month and we were alerted to this upon arrival at the front desk. If we were forced to pick an inconvenience during our stay- that would have been the only one; but we never waited for more than a few minutes and in reflection I may not have even noticed it if it had not read about it repeatedly on trip advisor as a problem!The room was beautiful with an ocean view and well kept. Very clean and the staff polite and helpful. We had a full kitchen as well and it was convenient on several nights when we just wanted to kick back and stay in.The restaurant was adequate, nothing fancy but the food was good and and staff polite and attentive; we also enjoyed a commedy night one evening. One of the great features of the hotel was the huge pool out back and we spent many hours with the kids either there or at the ocean.For us, south beach was a delight and about a 5 minute drive by cab from the hotel. We had a little hassle with an impolite cab driver but..... Went into the everglades one day at Dan's recommendation and had a great time with the kids riding bikes at Shark valley and seeing some gators close up.All and all we were totally satisfied and content. The property might need a little sprucing up but all the warnings I read were much to do about nothing. This is not the Ritz folks but a Great family hotel, with lot's to do, great attractions and nice people. As I said before, we'll be back and look forward to our next visit.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>warpaint
<Content>Great Vacation I read mixed reviews about this hotel so I wasn't sure what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised with my stay. The room was excellent and the service was very good. This is an older hotel but my hotel room did not reflect the age of the hotel. The furnishings were very modern and the kitchenette was very nice. This is a great hotel for the price. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Was not welcome I booked an oceanfront room at the Casablanca through hotels over a month before the date of our trip. The room was paid for at the time of booking and I received a confirmation just days before the reservation date. However, when we arrived at the hotel, we were told that they were overbooked and that the elevators were not all working so they were sending us to another hotel down the street. We were told it was the same setup. It was not! The Crystal Beach Suites they sent us to had no private beach, no boardwalk, no on-site bar or restaurant. We did not even have the oceanfront view I had booked and paid for. The only way to see the ocean at all was to lean out the window and look past the homeless people drinking and sleeping on a mattress on the sidewalk! I attempted to get some answers from the Casablanca and was given the runaround. The front desk clerk offered me a $30 bottle of wine in the restaurant. We went to the restaurant and found that the offer was actually for a free bottle of wine with a $30 food purchase and this was a usual practice and not anything special at all. The front desk clerk did refund me the difference in valet prices ($5) but was unwilling to do anything else to make it up to me. I would not recommend staying here.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An Alright Stay We stayed at the Casablanca and were disapointed when we reached our room to find 2 double beds rather than the king we were supposed to get as it was for a romantic getaway, also we were supposed to get an ocean view but ended up getting a view of the top of palm trees. We found that the staff were not very friendly or helpful. When we checked out they tried telling us that we had not paid for valet parking yet (which we had previously) so we ended up paying for parking twice. The elevator was broken so we had to use the one for staff only which looked worn down with cardboard on the walls. The beach was fantastic but when looking up from the beach to the hotel you will notice the back of the hotel needs to be painted, the entire back wall was nothing but one big paint chip. The pool area was pretty decent.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>BLONDEGIRL1168
<Content>The worst hotel experience ever! Check in was slow, no big deal. Supposedly upgraded to a better room, it was a dump! The beds sagged, stains all over the carpets, dim lighting, old bathroom with hair clogged in the tub. It kept clogging, called maint. dept. to have them dig up a huge disgusting clump of hair. The TV didn't work for the 1 st night, no one available to fix until next morning. We went to the bar 1st night and the staff was very very rude so we left without having a drink. The next day one of the owners apologized and told to come and have drinks  food on him. So the next day we went in for breakfast, the waitress knew nothing about it, so we left and went to Jerry's Famous Deli, on South Beach, not at the hotel...our second time there,,,,,,,its awesome. The only good thing about the hotel was the Valet service, they were fast  polite. I travel quite a bit,  would never ever recommend anyone stay in this hotel. Also not centrally located to the happenin' area of South Beach.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The only good thing is the location! The only good thing this hotel has going for them is the location. It's very close to South Beach (10 min. in a car) and very close to shops.The bad stuff: (*note: I am not a picky traveler! PLEASE take these reviews seriously. I have NEVER stayed in a worse hotel.)First off, you are required to pay $15 a day to use their valet/parking lot. There is no other option for parking. The valet drivers expect tips but are rude and slow as they get your car. They also stole loose change out of my car.This hotel is also a condo in which people permanently live. Due to this, the hallways smell really bad, like old food and unkept living conditions.The pool is dirty. It was closed for three days while we were there because the Miami Health Dept. checked the water and learned the chemical levels were too low. The rooms were dirty, and so was the lobby. Stains on the carpets (adds to the smell) and holes in the furniture.Take this posting seriously! The only way we got through this is due to being gone most of the time. On a side note, go to the outdoor mall that's about 10 minutes from the hotel. I can't remember the name of it but it's awesome. Go to the NEXXT (spelled with the 2 X's) because it's the best food I have ever eaten.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel for the price. Before going to this hotel, i looked at the reviews on this site, and was not looking forward to going. Now after being to the hotel, i can quite honestly say, that most of the reviews are a load of rubbish.The room I was in did need a new coat of paint, but apart from that, everything was fine. The rooms are cleaned daily, and new towels and bedding are given daily.The pool area is clean, though the cabins do need overhauled. There where some ferrel cats, but they did not give any problems. The access to the beach is beside the pool area, and is not like a rubbish tip as suggested in other reviews.There are fast food shops, and grocery shops close by to the (north of) hotel , which are only a short walk away. There are also some bar/restaurants, of which I would suggest going to Normans.I was disappointed of how far the hotel is from south beach, but the buses(S,L  H)will take you to Lioncoln road (17th Street)and run frequently (it only costs $1.50 each way). The S bus runs 24 hrs, so clubbers can easily get back to the hotel.Overall, for 拢30 a night, it is a very good hotel, and I would recommend it to budget travellers, and for those looking for a quiet vacation.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>muc123
<Content>for hastlefree holiday stay somewhere else the rooms are quite ok, some are, some not. We didn't like the strange behaviour of the hotel staff and management. We felt we are not welcome as Europeans, we had the strong impression that the hotel is more friendly to Spanish speaking guests. Also the valet parking is not good.We recomment for a hastlefree stay not to book here.We also could face that they try to charge for toll free calls.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value - Don't know what some people expect!! I just returned today after spending 8 nights. I had a beautiful refurbished room with kitchenette facing the condo on the south side but you could actually see the ocean and beach by just a glance to to left. The room was well maintained each day - cleaned everywhere and lots of towels, and kitchen things like paper towels and soap for the dishes. I really don't know why some people are writing bad reviews. Maybe some of the rooms are not as nice as the one I had - I can't answer that, but the room I had was excellent and a true value for the money. The bus to South Beach was $1.50 and took eleven to fifteen minutes to get there. The pool was great and the beach just a short walk from that. I dined in the restaurant twice and was suprised how great the quality of food was and the oversized portions!! I sure did not walk away hungry!! If you want Hilton quality then pay for a Hilton - but I would rather save a few bucks and stay at the Casablanca!! The staff were all friendly and helped me out whenever I had a question. I am surely going to recommend it to my airline friends!! I have travelled a lot in this world and this is truly a good value!!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Be Aware!!! BE AWARE!!!This hotel frequently overbooks/or does not have sufficient good rooms (as many rooms owned as condominiums by private individuals and are not all well maintained). Standard policy by the hotel is rebook guest in the Mimosa hotel which is sold to you as equal or better hotel. Though rates for the mimosa might be higher, quality is significantly poorer (small, dark rooms with no few, pool with size of garage (no sunchairs); no restaurant or decent bar. Both Casablana and Mimosa staff told me this happens frequently!My complaint of this policy was very poorly handled letting me wait for half a day to fix itI would clearly not recommend this hotel unless you want to take the risk of being rebooked without prior notice!  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good for families We stayed at the Casablanca from a Monday to a Saturday in April. The hotel was farther than I thought from the Art Deco district, but better for us and our 6 month old son. The public bus to the Art Deco district was $1.25 a person (exact change) each way and was very easy to use. The hotel desk told us which bus and where the stops were. We did have to fold up the stroller on the bus, but not a big deal with two people. The hotel's pool was great and the beach was wonderful. The construction on the condos next door was slightly noisy and the Tiki Bar was not what we imagined. (It was inside near the restaurant and overlooked the pool ....sort of). We asked for a crib and got one, but it wasn't the greatest and we were charged at the end of the week for it. It was $50...not sure if it was $10 a night or a flat rate. There is also a $2 a day charge for the in-room safe (which we didn't use) but plenty of people wrote about that AND there are signs all over the hotel warning you.Our room (and I assume all rooms) had a kitchenette, which was perfect for us. There is a grocery store (Publix) a few blocks north. Also an awesome Cuban restaurant with good lunch specials a few blocks north on the left.Free internet access (for the first 15 minutes at each sitting)...a great perk if you're a fast typer. Coupons upon check-in for 2 for 1 drinks at their bar and 10% off the bill at their restaurant....also a nice perk.If you're looking to go down to Miami for spring break and party...avoid this place. For a family looking for a clean place to stay, swim, explore the beach...it was great.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LKPSussex_England
<Content>Very apprehensive We, like many other travellers were reading the reviews and were a little apprehensive. We were travelling with two teenage children and one toddler and had two rooms. We had requested rooms together and were glad to see that we were given them. The rooms were basic, albeit a little tired too but we would not have called them dirty. The first night we were kept awake by what seemed to be a huge party in the room next door. After phoning down to reception twice, they eventually sent the security man upstairs and it did eventually go quiet. The guests were asked to leave the hotel.All in all, the location of the Casablanca is very good, just a short walk from the shops and restaurants. The bus service outside the hotel is very good and it is very easy to get down to South Beach. There is construction going on around the hotel, but we did not find it intrusive apart from the view if you are facing the road. The rooms were cleaned daily and the sheets were changed regularly too.I think North Beach is an up and coming area and in a few years will look much better, but the Casablanca is one of the older hotels in Collins Avenue and is starting to look out of place amongst the new hotels. It is starting to look very tired, although the reception area looks recently renovated. There was leaks in the roof which required buckets in reception to catch the rainwater. Construction works around the pool area looked unsightly but the pool was very clean and also not crowded. I would not call this hotel horrendous, staff were friendly, but I probably would not choose to stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ekutzli
<Content>Never again Wow! This place was definately not worth the $150 I paid for an ocean front room. Yes, the beach was great and that's about it. I spent April 2, 2005 in room 701. So run down and don't expect to get any sleep. The rooms have no privacy-you can hear everything going on around you. Dirty bathroom. I would've booked elsewhere, but being spring break, there was nothing available. I'll never go back.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice family stay I read alot of the reviews and promised myself, I would respond. The place was nice. There really wasn't much construction, although maybe the two big condo towers next door is what people were talking about.I have two young kids and we spent alot of time in the heated pool.We had breakfast at an IHOP down the street.The kitchette worked out well. With the kids we were able to go to a Walgrens nearby and stock up on Milk and Orange juice.I would definitely recommend it to someone.Brad Orange, CT  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>karen-64
<Content>Better than expected I booked my stay at this hotel because of the location to the beach. I was a little apprehensive due to some of previous reviews written. What a pleasent suprise. The hotel and staff were brilliant, very helpful and friendly. We had only one complaint and that was that we had to go home too soon. Would reccomend this hotel and would stay again.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Wonderful Vacation I read all of the reviews about this hotel before we left for our vacation. I was a bit concerned but I must say that people that respond on this webpage ususally had an awful expierience.  I must say that the Casablanca was a really nice hotel that accomidated all of our needs.  The Pool was heated and was huge (in comparison to a lot of other pools hotels on miami/south beach have).  The area was quiet.  There was construction going on around the hotel but I DIDNT hear anything. Occasionaly maybe a nail drop.  No noise from the street at night.  The view was stunning (even from the bay side rooms-turn your head to the right out of the window and you can see the beach).  The beach was clean.  There were cats (under a wooden walkway to the beach) but not in the pool area.  They dont bother a soul. For some reason people feed them and that is why they stick around. The fitness room was under construction but the hotel gave us free passes to a nearby gym.  We desputed the mandatory safe fee and there were no issues with that. Each room is equiped with a really nice sized kitchenette.  Vale parking for cars was fine. We payed $8 a day.  There is a huge closet in the room and a nice sized bathroom (with a blow drier).  We went the 2nd week in january and made reservations on priceline for $95 a night.  The hotel has easy access to the beach but you are not near the boardwalk. This is an ideal hotel for families. South Beach is such a madhouse. Just keep in mind when reading reviews-seeing is believing.  I researched other hotels in the area and when I saw them I was happy we didnt book it.  The Casablanca is definatly a 3 and a 1/2 star.  Wherever you end up staying have a wonderful vacation!   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>worst exp. ever!! just got back and I am very dissapointed. Hotel is in the midle of constraction area. Every word about the hotel on web site is a lie! It look like a family bussines and only think they care about is your many. Don't give them your credit card or you' ll be sorry as I am! They gonna charge you extra for thinks or service you did not ask for and noone gonna talk to you if you don't agree. Terrible!!!  
<Date>Jun 16, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasantly surprised! We visited The Casablanca last July after getting a great package deal on Expedia. It wasn't until after I booked it that I kept finding horrendous reviews describing feral cats, mold and non-existant service. We couldn't cancel, so I went there expecting the absolute worst case scenario. Honestly, if you are looking for someplace to sleep, cook, keep food, water and alcohol in something larger than a dorm fridge, and have a great beach without a long walk, then the Casablanca is for you. This is an older hotel, so the bath fixtures may resemble your grandmother's, but aside from a little rust there was no dirt. Since we arrived early (We are talking 9am!), they checked our bags and gave us info about the hotel. If you are going to leave the property, ask for the number of the hotel and call before returning to see if your room is ready yet. We had three rooms on the 5th floor, and they were all clean and comfortable. One evening one of the smoke detectors started beeping as a result of a low battery, and the front desk sent up a very friendly man who took care of it immediately. We also called downstairs to get some rolls of pennies to play cards, and they were happy to accomodate us. We never ended up at the pool because the beach was so beautiful. We bought a cheap umbrella at the convenience store across the street, but you can also rent them at the pool. We brought beach towels, as did everyone else that was out there, so I am not sure if they are supplied or not. One night we went swimming in the ocean and we were the only 6 people out there, which was great. We had a rental car and had no problems parking on our own in the lot across the street (which the hotel owns), which made for easy retrieval when we needed it. There is a Denny's down the street and we had great breakfasts there every day. The service was excellent and they even leave a newspaper on your table! As for the Casablanca, even though I am only giving it three stars, we had a great stay and it was certainly worth far more than we paid! It has a very homey, laid back feeling and was very accomodating and would be a great place to bring your kids because it is not crowded.  
<Date>May 21, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dont always believe what you read Prior to my stay at the Casablanca, I also read reviews that were posted from previous guest. I must admit, I also developed reservations about my stay there, however, it was too late to make changes. Im glad I could'nt! We had a very comfortable and clean stay at the hotel and I was impressed with the service we received from the staff. We were quite surprised about the cats around the pool, but they were not concerned with the guests and they stayed at bay. The kitchen within our room was very convenient and fresh towels and bedding were given daily. Although we could not experience the Tiki Bar, the inside bar was just fine(order the Pina Colada!!!!) We are planning another trip to Miami, and when we do, we will be sure to stay at the Casablanca.  
<Date>May 12, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jjw24
<Content>Would not stay here again Just got back from the Casablanca and was very disappointed with my stay there. Same complaints as many other people. The front desk staff was not helpful at all - if they bothered to wait on you. The shower was full of mildew, the stove only worked part of the time, the furniture on the balcony broke, had a minor roach problem in the room. The pool area was very nice - except for the feral cats running around. Beach was also nice. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Was not what expected from most reviews I just returned from Miami 2 days ago (April, 2004). Well, after reading all the reviews, I was actually expecting something like a homeless shelter with things falling on your head and wild animals attacking you by the pool. But the price was great ($63.00 on weekdays and $75.00 on weekend thru Hotelkingdom) and the location was convenient so I took the risk.The hotel was great. Nice looking from outside, clean inside. The rooms were spacious, the view on the ocean was great. Kitchen was fully equipped and we ate in the room, so I cannot say about the convenience of places to eat around the hotel. But there is a big supermarket just half mile down the road.The girl at the front desk was really helpful and sweet. Room was cleaned every day and we always had fresh towels. The bed was changed only twice though in a weeks stay. And we never waited more than 10sec for the elevator.The pool was clean and I saw only one cat running through on the first day and THAT'S IT. The beach was clean (some algae though) and water was really warm.Some downsides might be TONS of construction around Casablanca but I did not hear a peek from them. Also, it is a little bit far from all clubbing (5 mi). We took a bus EVRYWHERE ($1.25), including attractions, shopping, etc. Really convenient and cheap. You can ask for a metrobus map and it is really clear. So we did not have a car, and I cannot say anything about crazy valet guys as I heard on this site.I guess I remembered everything, I enjoyed the stay. It is though more for couples looking to spend time together and families, there were no springbreakers in this part of Miami beach.Everybody has a different experience, but mine was great and I would recommend this hotel to anyone. Have a nice vacation:)  
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dissapointed Very dissapointed with this hotel. Service very lacking. Front desk girls seemed to be more interested in what's going on in the back office then up front. I had to stand there for 5 minutes until they realized I needed help and looked at me as if I had interrupted them. Rooms are OK but a little moldy and bland for my taste. Price was cheap but wouldnt pay more than what I paid. It does have a nice beach but so do all the other hotels in the area. The restaurant is terrible and I've gotten better service from a 2 star hotel than here. They claim to be a 3 star but I don't think they really are. And if they where then I must have been really lucky to have stayed in some really nice 2 star hotels before.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great stay!! I have stayed at the Casablanca before and found the hotel very convenient and clean. The few times I have had to complaint I addressed the issue with the front desk and received a positive action from the staff. I always complete their survey and let them know my views so that management can do something about it, l the price is excellent and I enjoyed the convenient location. I recommended it.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderfull stay i read reviews on here before going on my trip (march 14-19). Was partly worried, but did realize the only people that post here are those that are dissatisfyed. i pledged to myself i would post regardless of what i thought of the place....here it is.we stayed here for next to nothing. the price was right. cheap, cheap, cheap. it has a wonderful location. the beach is a 30 second walk from the hotel. beautifule view. white, clean sand. nice pool area, with lots of seating. the cabanas were closed (as stated in other posts)the lobbby was very nice, and kept clean.we had two rooms. both were clean. the stove in one was broken. water pressure in one was a little low. one was missing a phone book (but the desk was able to help us out). overall, rooms were very nice.this hotel is in the north part of miami beach. if you are planning on being close to south beach it's a 20-30 minute bus ride south. (bus route goes right by the hotel, makeing it very easy to get around.) there's no real restaurants around this hotel, but once again, the bus route right outside, and is very easy to use. the hotel staff is helpfull and knowledgable about what busses to take, as well as the bussdrivers.overall i was very pleased with this hotel. it's not a 5 star hotel, and you shouldn't expect it to be. but it WAS clean, and in very nice shape. the staff was friendly and helpful. would definatly go back. i loved miami!if you have questions, or would like to see some pictures of the hotel, feel free to email me. (the ones i found online were pretty crappy)  
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Room better than expected, staff very rude and disinterested We stated here for 4 nights in late February.I must admit I was extremely worried having read the reviews beforehand but was unable to book anything else due to peak season. Unfortunately much of what is written is true and I would say DON'T STAY HERE IF YOU HAVE A CHOICE.We arrived at 6am and despite prior organising to pay for an early checkin we were told we couldn't check in until 3pm. We were very tired, jetlagged and really wanted a shower! We went out for a while but as it was raining and we were tired we waited in the large lobby (with other guests). After about 1 hour security tried to kick us out as we weren't yet 'guests' as we hadn't checked in!!!Come 3pm we finally checked in and the room was actually ok - basic and older but clean (but no fitted sheets!)The next morning the phone rang at 4am! It was the night manager claiming I had paged him. We hadn't but he insited we must have. No apology, just persistance that I must have called him. He then proceeded to tell me how sexy my voice was and that I sounded 'gorgeous' and started asking more questions! At 4am!Later in our stay we wanted to do washing but didn't have enough quarters. The front desk rudely said they had no change, same with the valet and restuarant.I could go on about the safe charge, the newspaper charge (for a paper that we never got), the cats etc. but it's all been said in other reviews and they are spot on in their assessment. This is no place for a vacation!!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great bargain We went to Miami for 3 days in February. The hotel was very nice. It is a great bargain hotel. Yes there was a 12.00 per day valet charge but they told you right away to order your car 20 minutes befire you needed it. The valet parking was great b/c parking was difficult in Miami. There is a $2 per day safe charge which is well worth it. There is a free continental breakfast but for 5.00 you can get the full buffet which is awesome! The pool is beautiful, drinks are yummy and the room is great b/c of the full kitchen. Some rooms have ceramic tile and balconies, some have carpet. They let us check in 4 hours warly for free and check out 4 hours late and only charged 30.00. The beach is great and the cats are not intusive at all. They don't come near you. It is a great bargain hotel.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>this is a great place to stay in miami beach except the valet parking manager I have a wonderful time in casablanca the service was excellent the room was clean and the beach was wonderful everything was excellent except the woman valet parking manager Denise who was so rude and abusive about parking rules i was treated i was under her rules they should replace this woman is a bad asset to the hotel  
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible service,quality and lots of Hidden charges I stayed in this hotel over the weekend and the service and quality was terrible. Orbitz rates this hotel as 4 star, I think it is not even close to being a 3 star. The hallways are dirty, the room service is lousy, the housekeeping staff does not even replenish the towels. There are a lot of hidden charges so beware. I don't think I will stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I guess you get what you pay for... Three things about the Casablanca:1) This hotel is not even trying to compete with finer hotels on service. 2) The money you save on this hotel is likely not worth it. 3) It is kind of depressing because it is obvious that the management doesn't care about anything besides the pool at this place.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do not waste your time and money here period! DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY HERE PERIOD!!!! This place was a complete diasaster. Checked in and out within 1 hour. Arrived at the hotel and had no idea what to do with the car. Went to the check in and NO ONE was helpful. The girl at the counter was more interested in taking phone calls than checking me in. Next tried to use the elevators which did not work. I knew I was in trouble when I took the stairs and it looked like I was walking up a flight in a building that should have been Condemmed. The room was on the eighth floor and was in horrible condition. It was so small and filthy! Worst of all the closet was rediculously small and the hanger were even broke. The room was very noisy and when the elevators did work it sounded like the world was crashing down and comming to an end. You could hear people in the next room and from every other room on that floor not to mention the pepole playnig there boom box out the window. The pool side was a joke. Everythnig outside was a complete mess. The tiki bar was all boarded up and the pool was distgusting. I booked this through hotels.com and they made me pay for one nights stay at this dum and refunded my 4 day visit 1 week later after numerous phone calls and complaints. BE CAREFUL booking through them! I stayed at the holiday inn accross the street which was a castle compared to this dump. Plus it was much cheaper too. There is a public beach access 3 doors from the cassablanca that can be reached easilly from that Holiday Inn. The bar at the cassablanca was way overpriced and the free drink they offered was only from the cheap well drinks. Giving this place 1 star is being generous. DO NOT STAY HERE WHATEVER YOU DO. WHAT A S**THOLE!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than expected My family stayed at the Casablanca over this past New Years weekend. I chose this place because we made our reservations late and didn't have many choices. The rates were reasonable and the hotel was on the beach. After making our reservation I started reading the online reviews and was expecting something just above a homeless shelter. I must say that the experience was much bettert than we expected. I had read about the valet nightmares - they never happened to us. The room was overlooking the ocean - for a city view price. The room was clean, the beds were comfortable and the TV had 70 channels including HBO  Showtime. On New Year's Eve we ate at the hotel. Since the restautant was closed for a private party, we were told we could eat in the bar or on the patio. We chose the patio and the food was excellent. The bar tender served us and was quite friendly - asking us repeatdly how everything was. He even threw in a free dessert. The pool was clean and heated. The frequently mentioned cats were not a problem. The cabanas are being renovated so they were not available. The only negative was that on our third day there, the room was cleaned very late and we were not given enough towels. That was easily rectified by me going down to housekeeping to get the needed towels. The staff were helpful when needed. I'm not sure i would stay here again, but it was certainly better than the horror stories I had read about.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Could have been better I stayed in the Casablanca for 4 nights and my experience there was ok. I can honestly say I expected much more. The rooms were not that nice. They were a bit smelly. When we checked in some people were complaining about ants in the room. Another thing I can say is that if you want to party don't stay here. Even though they say South beach is close by if you don't have a car it can get pretty expensive taking cabs. They do have a nice service, which is a limo takes you to a very nice restaurant. That was the best thing of the hotel. The pool was ok. Another thing is that the workers in the restaurant/bar were not that friendly.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quite enjoyed it I stayed here in 2002 for 1 week and quite enjoyed the place. We stayed in an ocean view room and it had a full kitchen in it and it was a great room rate. The facilities were nice with a pool and a bar beside the pool and we found the bar staff quite nice. The front desk staff were not quite as nice and I'd stay away from the Concierge as theire prices are nuts and we were ripped of on some tours. Other than that, great hotel.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Waste Your Time and Money My husband and I went there the first week of December 2003. Our first night there, the valet parking attendants let someone else take our rental car. We had to report the car as stolen and were up until 2 a.m. with the Miami Police Department filing a report. The police said that the valet company were not only financially liable but criminally liable as well. Fortunately, the next night at 10:00 p.m., our car returned. What a hassle! The room was only cleaned once while we were there. No washcloths or fresh sheets. The kitchenette's pots and pans were burned, so we could not use them to cook with on the stove. It was extremely cold for Miami, and the hotel had no heat. We had to go out and buy winter clothing to keep warm. We were miserable from day one to day seven.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than most Miami beach hotels I have been to Miami beach several times and on a recent stay, found myself at casablanca. Having been to Miami Beach in the past I wasnt expecting much. In past experiences I have always found hotels to be small, old, and musty. The room I had at this hotel was a little above my expectations however. The room was surprisingly clean and had a very nice view of the beach. As far as hotel staff being friendly, well, they are no friendlier than any other hotel I have ever stayed in that area. The rooms were surprisingly roomy and the kitchenette was quite convenient. The television actually did have cable (unlike some south beach hotels that only have 5 stations). My only complaint is the fact that there doesnt seem to be central heating, and a cold front came through the area and the beds could use some updating. My overall experience was pleasant though. I dont go to Miami to stay in my room all day, so it was nice. I would return to this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was great if you were a guy... Well, at first we thought it was not the greatest hotel in Miami, but the place grows on you. I went down to Miami with a bunch of guys headed to the Monday night football game. We thought the valet service was above average and the hotel staff was nice as well. The room was clean and we had plenty of towels. The kitchen was a nice feature and the view on the intercoastal side of the hotel was very nice. Not sure why they didn't have fitted sheets for the beds but their cleaning staff was nice. The pool was heated and very large, but there was construction on both sides of the hotel which made it a bit loud. The price we got for this room was unbelievable so we had no complaints. Just one last thought, I would bring my wife to this place.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Hotel of 4 on this trip Location is OK, Miami Beach is fine. Vallet Parking is terrible, takes 30 minutes to get your car. There is free overnight parking 1 block north that the vallet will drive your car to for $12 plus a tip for their trouble. If I stayed another night, I would have parked here, and worried the vallet ring damages cars for those resisting the system. The vallets were very rude when we asked for parking options. There is a sign in front that says vallet parking is free for guests, but they still charged $12, and insisted to hold our car keys while we checked in, even though the sign said 15 min free parking - they told us to leave immediately if we did not want vallet parking. The building was said to be renovated for 6 million in 1998 when we booked. If so, they were ripped off big time. Everything we encountered was in disrepair. Falling ceilings, dripping pipes, even the check in lobby was off limits as falling objects were too risky for guests. Elevators beat, ice machines broken on every single floor, vending machines out of order on every floor. Concierge helped us get 2 cans of soda, and some ice, but it took 30 minutes, and then we had to wait in a long line to pay. Phones were not working, repair man sent, but spoke no English, and could not understand that we had dial tone, but could not connect to local numbers. We used a pay phone OK, and also were able to use a calling card from our room to make local calls, for pricy connections. Beach was beautiful.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>YUCK! Dumpy, old, smelly Maybe I'm too picky, but besides the gorgeous ocean view this hotel was pretty bad. There was a huge hole in the ceiling of our hallway. The rooms don't have much security...no bolt or chain locks, just an old fashioned metal key lock. The bathroom was SUPER tiny and wasn't exactly clean. The carpets were pretty gross (it was sticky when I walked on it without shoes on) The beds were mediocre. It did have a small kitchen in the room (built into one corner of the room) Our view was really pretty (nine stories up, over the ocean) But, the windows were so dirty we had to open them to get a clear view. It was a $15 cab ride down to the South Beach (so, it ended up being $30 in cab fares) Our money would have been better spent on a hotel closer to South Beach. There is a $2 per night safe charge for a safe in your room Valet parking was $12 a night and our car was parked somehwere outside (It was clean when we dropped it off and dirty when it was returned to us in the morning) This hotel was way overpriced for what you get and there are better deals and hotels in Miami. Thank goodness we were only there for one night!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2003
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>hmabramovitz
<Content>Good Value Hotel for the Budget Traveler You get what you pay for, especially in Miami Beach. My husband and I stayed here on a quick, last minute beach getaway for 4 nights because of an excellent rate. We weren't expecting a glamorous hotel and combed beaches, and were pleasantly surprised by our experience. The rooms were clean and the efficiency kitchen in our room made meals quick and easy. Walking distance to a decent selection of local restaurants was great. Direct beach access was great! The beach was clean with clear water. The location was great for us, since we weren't looking for the glitz of south beach or north beach. Located between the two, we were able to take taxis to both locations, but then escape to the quite of our room.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2003
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>RossvilleHornets
<Content>Be careful First I would like to state I am just your average joe on a budget trying to take a vacation. This hotel is not what it advertises. Yes, the lobby has been renovated but the rooms need much work. The doors are not secure. By this I mean that are no deadbolts and at least 2 inches were the door does not meet the floor. Yes, the rooms are spacious but the carpets are filthy. Yes, it has a great view but the windows were dirty. The pool area was nice but do not be fooled by the private cabanas! The are falling down. Yes, the beach is GREAT! But you can go down to the Best Western for $25 more dollars and have a great room, view, pool, beach, and a continental breakfast.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quaint and charming in Miami I found the Casablanca to be a very charming little place located in the somewhat profligate city of Miami. The staff were friendly and greeted my friends and I upon arrival and were quick to make sure that we enjoyed our stay there. Although at times they could be quite busy, they never hesitated to send up more towels and sheets whenever we asked for them. My friends and I were new to South Beach and were grateful to be given directions and suggestions for dining-out. The hotel boasts of a lovely ocean view from its windows, spacious rooms with plenty of closet space, and for mirror-lovers out there - enough to see yourself from every angle! I thought the beds were comfortable and the rooms were, most importantly, clean. The swimming pool is heated and right next to the beach so the location is ideal. The only thing that I think could be improved upon is the fitness center. It's really small but does have your basic exercise equipment. All in all, I highly recommend this place and am excited to return for another great stay!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do not stay here!! It's that simple!! Rembrandt, Picasso, Van gogh, all good, but by far the best 'artist' is the guy who takes the photos for this place, it certainly fooled me!!! This hotel can only be described as Rancid, and that is being kind. To give you a hint, they hold the national micro-biologists convention at this hotel due to the amout of rare undiscovered fungus that grows in abundance in this place. We arrived and were greeted by rude valet staff, no bellhop, Impatient check-in at a Hotel which realy shows its age. Corridors Smell, the room stinks, bathroom it dirty, no neat folds on the toilet paper, hair in the sink, and to cap it all off what looked like $@* all over the sheets, definately hadnt been changed!! Back down to reception, had a 'heated discussion' with the 'Desk Manager' who showed me to a different room, sheets in a pile on the floor, rubbish everywhere, apparently the maid must have forgotten this one! Told us to wait 30 mins and he would find another room, sat by the pool only to find at least 8/9 wild cats sitting by the poolside, fighting every so often, and piles of excrement everywhere. Back to reception, demanded a refund for the 8 nights we were due to stay, were told no, so called AMEX on my return so they could chew ***. Waited 20mins for the car to be driven back, Valet said he would not hand the keys back without a tip, flashed my shield and he soon changed his tune. If you want a room by the hour this is the place, if you want to stay fit and healthy stay elsewhere, we met a couple in Dennys 2 days later who were staying here and both had developed a rash over their arms and legs, they thought it could be something to do with the flea bites!!! You couldnt make it up!! Don't be a fool, people arent lying about this hotel it really is this bad, but if you want to, go ahead book it! My advice stay at another hotel and check it out when you come here, that way you wont ruin your vacation. We stayed at the holiday inn at Indian Creek, and that was Brilliant!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good, Bad and the Ugly on the Ocean! Location is good. Beds are comfortable. The place can use a face lift and new staff. The rooms are clean, but it is still old, outdated and can really use remodling AGAIN! There are annoying little mandortory fees, like $2 for the safe a night (even if you don't use it) and $2 for a pool towel. Why not just add $4 to the room and be done with it? Also, Pool security didn't like me walking in wet, I was flabbergasted...there are not towels at the pool like I thought there would be! There ARE kitty cats roaming around the pool, but actually they are nice and do not approach you, they are just hangin' out in Miami Beach. If you like the cat smell it is fine. The whole place is ok, great location but the staff was very unfriendly. All in all if you just hang out on the beach (lovely beach by the way) and do sight-seeing, eating out and visiting nearby south beach you will be fine. They could put some loungers on the beach...that would be nice, but all in all. Cheap  clean, not the RITZ. Stayed 9/2003  
<Date>Sep 29, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>New staff wanted Well, the price is right and the grounds are very nice. Location a plus!!! Rooms need to be updated. No extra pillows, old carpet, bathroom flooded, no replacement of tissues, etc... Really tacky!!!!The hotel was at a 25% capacity and they put us on Collins Avenue on the North corner where they are building a 42 story condo. Construction went on 24/7 , 7 days a week. Hotel staff didn't seem to care about anything but themselves. This hotel if managed right has alot of potential!!!! The grounds are great and location great. It does have alot of potential but unfortunately I wouldn't stay there again until updates are made. Not only physical but with most staff as well.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>YUCK! YUCK! I got this room through Priceline (i should have known by the price that i was in for a doozy). The rooms were disgusting. Stained carpets, sagging beds, filthy chairs. I stayed for the 4th of July weekend. The A/C was out. I couldn't get a refund (they basically shrugged their shoulders and said 'tough cookies). This is a decent hotel if * you're broke or too cheap to get a decent hotel * a spring-breaker * enjoy saggy beds and dirty carpets. The only good thing about this hotel was their private beach. If I could have slept out on the beach, I would have!!! DON'T DO THIS HOTEL!!!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would Stay here Again   showReview(1230690, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everything was terrible   showReview(1225434, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will not stay there again   showReview(1221873, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice spot!   showReview(1072547, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>New Casablanca ok for the price   showReview(1029318, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awful, Dirty, Fire Hazzard   showReview(994177, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay Away   showReview(918806, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2003
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do Not Stay Here!   showReview(833746, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow...this place was Bad!   showReview(822934, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Illimani
<Content>amabilidad   showReview(21567992, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>PeruMonica34
<Content>Me gusto el Hotel ....pero nada a veces es perfecto....   showReview(21408068, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>jomi56
<Content>Lieber auf einer Parkbank 眉bernachten!   showReview(19890420, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Mauvais plan   showReview(19647310, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ne pas y mettre les pieds   showReview(19647309, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Alter Kasten mit sch枚ner Strandlage   showReview(18527037, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>maliciaPerpignan
<Content>hotel degoutant   showReview(16562071, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	1	2	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>3娉娿亰涓栬┍銇仾銈娿伨銇椼仧銆?#x201d;   showReview(19171236, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Casablanca on the Beach   showReview(15571636, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Charme einer K眉chenzeile   showReview(15571637, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>famille_slomo
<Content>Cauchemar 茅veill茅   showReview(13950425, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	2	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>UN PEU DECU   showReview(13983190, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>assolutamente da evitare   showReview(11447300, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>F眉r einen billigen Urlaub sehr gut, aber nicht f眉r jeden   showReview(11350131, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>correct   showReview(11350130, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

