<Author>melaniebeth
<Content>Lovely Lots of our friends have stayed at this hotel so due to the good reviews me and my boyfriend thought we would stay here for ym 21st birthday.when we came to check in they said they didnt have our booking but luckily there were rooms avaliable.Our room was lovely nice and spacious with a large clean bathroom, loved the bathrobes and toiletries in the room.We had a large balcony which did over look a school yard but the noise didnt affect us or wake us up so this didnt matter and we enjoyed watching the kids play basketball.The bed was very comfy and we LOVED the swimming pool and jacuzzi we had it to ourselves every day which was fab! The hotel is very nicely decorated and well kept and the staff are very friendly. We didnt eat at the hotel as we thought it was a little pricey but the hotel is located centrally so we walked to restaurants and bars during our stay.I would definatly recommend this hotel to couple and families.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Gary06
<Content>OK Hotel, Good Location We stayed here one night prior to a cruise, this seems to be a popular hotel for the cruise lines. The hotel is nice, clean, in an excellent location in the center of town close to everything. We used the nearby Metro station to get around....the Metro is safe, fast, convenient, and easy for visitors to figure out.Our room was in the back which overlooks a school that had basketball and soccer games going until about 8:00pm but actually this was not a distraction and probably quieter than the front which is on a busy street. The only complant we had was with the bed which was poor (you roll to the center) but otherwise everything else fine. Breakfast was included and the quality was excellent. I think this hotel can be a little pricey for what it is, I might stay here again but would also look around at other sites before coming back.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>N_and_R
<Content>A great little hotel in a great location We stayed at Apsis Atrium Palace Hotel in Barcelona on two separate nights (one night before our cruise, and one night after the cruise). Our travel agent who booked our cruise also booked this hotel for us. The hotel is located on Gran Via de les Cort Catalanes, about 2 blocks west of Passeig de Gracia. We really liked the location. We stayed in a fairly large room in the front of the hotel with a balcony overlooking the Gran Via on the night before the cruise, and a slightly smaller room facing the back of the hotel (no balcony), with a view of a school on the stay after the cruise. We had the breakfast included on our rate on our first night. We thought the quality and value of the breakfast was excellent. I highly doubt it is possible for someone to grab a quality breakfast for 9 Euro/person anywhere else in Barcelona.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>mringenoldus
<Content>Apsis Atrium Plaza deserves its awards! We stayed at this terrific hotel following a cruise. We booked two triple rooms for the six of us and had plenty of room. The hotel is well located a few blocks from Plaza Catalunya. We arrived early and the hotel took our bags while we set out to see the sights. The staff was helpful and friendly. When we returned, we were assigned our rooms. The decor is sleek and the hardwood floors give it warmth. The bathrooms are large and elegant. There are many small amenities on the bathroom counter.The internet is provided in a small lounge and the spa area contains a small indoor pool, jacuzzi and sauna.I would have no hesitation recommending the Apsis Atrium Palace to anyone needing a well-located, comfortable Barcelona hotel.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>London Frequent Traveller
<Content>OK for a business stay I stayed here for one night attending a conference; the organisers booked the room. The hotel is a rather old-fashioned Spanish establishment in a prestigious location on the Gran Via; my front room had some traffic noise from this busy street, though not very obtrusive by Spanish big city standards. The room was not too large, though adequate for an overnight stay. I suspect that you can find better by reading Trip Advisor reviews!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	2	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>lworthalot
<Content>Quite Disappointed Stayed 2 nights before leaving on a cruise vacation. Chose the hotel based on the good reviews on this site. We requested a 2 queen room when we booked about 6 months ago. Upon arrival we were told none were available and were put in a 1 queen room about as big as our closet at home. Bed was the size of a full size..not a queen size. The bathroom floor was granite with 2 tiles broken . The bathroom door would only open about half way before sticking..you had to slide in then close the door. Taking a shower in the bathtub was like showering on a skating rink. Once the tub got wet it was almost impossible to stand up without bracing against the side of the tub. I asked for a rubber mat but only got a strange look for my trouble. Their great restaurant was a joke for dinner though the buffet breakfast was very good. Would not consider staying here again. For the money I expect much more than what we got.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>bgold7a
<Content>Great Stay-Terribly Underrated by TripAdvisor Users Just spent three nights at Atrium Palce and can not understand the negative reviews. Everything was excellent. Great location, spotless, very helpful staff that checked us in at 7 AM after the over night from JFK. We were a group of 7 and had two rooms, one on 7th floor with balcony/hot tub and one on 6th floor that was a standard double. Note that this hotel gets three starts (out of 3) from Frommer's. I think there is some competitor writing the reviews. For the traveller from Paris to give one star and say that the hotel bar looks like a bodega on a dark side street is just totally false. It is a bright airy place that makes great cappucinos and has excellent bartenders. Breakfast is also excellent, but not cheap.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MardiGras46
<Content>Great Place to Stay Stayed here 2 nights after a cruise. The hotel staff was very helpful and had very good English skills. They handled the luggage very well.The restaurant had a complete breakfast with both American and European style food.The room was very spacious although the bed was not very good, the mattress was extremely hard.The location is excellent and close to many of the main attractions of Barcelona. There are many good restaurants within 15 minutes by walking.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>weewillywinky
<Content>Highly reccomended Stayed in this hotel last year with my girlfriend for a summer break.We really enjoyed our stay here after a poor hotel ruined our holiday the previous year! Very nice hotel, friendly and helpful staff, a decent breakfast and no problems at all during our time there. The room was a good size, nice and clean and very comfortable.It was only a short walk to get to the plaza where you could catch busses to most of the good sights in town. Also easy to walk to a number of nice restaurants. The subway/metro is also easilly accessed at several places close to teh hotel if you want to explore a bit furthur afield.Highly reccomended.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>OpusTheCat
<Content>Clean, Quiet and Nice Location       Great towels  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>stechris
<Content>Very bad experience Room : problems with hot tube and lavatory ( water leaks ) , Tv remote was out of batteries , electricity stopped for couple times ( also for elevators )Services : Personnel entered and called numerous times my room. Sometimes without knocking. They looked well intentioned , but not too educated i think. Hotel bar looks more like a bodega on a dark side of an avenue.Location : the only positive thing : it's really close to the center  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	5	3	3	2	1	

<Author>lilybelle264
<Content>This hotel 4 stars rating??Not so much... Please read! We've just returned from our trip from Barcelona and booked a travel agents rate since I'm one. Stayed from June 15 to 17- let me start by saying the location is excellent, centrally located. We purchased the breakfast for half price 8 euros and it was a good deal considering what you get. We arrived hotel after our amazing European cruise visiting Italy, France and Malta. We arrived at 8:30 and Rafael at the front desk was really pleasant and friendly. He told us that the room was not ready which I completly understood he told us that the room will be ready by 12pm. We walked around the Ramblas and frankly I think it is way overrated, way to expensive to eat and shop, go else where for shop and eat, Try The Cortes Ingles restaurants on Plaza de Catalunya the prices are good and the quality is excellent. (On Sundays most of all Barcelona shuts down, shops, supermarkets, ect)  Well. going back to the hotel, we went back at 12pm and was assigned room 307 on the 3rd floor, the two elevators are small and hot. The room was ok , there where laminated floors that was installed really sloppy, the moldings around the floors where falling off and not well put together. The bathroom door paneling was peeling off the door and also the bathtub was really slippery and also there was rust building around the parimeters of the tub. The pool and jacuzzi were closed for renovations. Dont let the pool fool you its is really small. Also the beds are awful, the springs where stabing me for 2 nights in a row. Ouch!!! They really need to update their beds. I dont think this hotel deserves a 4 star rating to be honest. Oh by the way room 307 was facing the school yard and that did not bother us at all since the windows are double pane. I think that Apsis Atrium Palace tries but dont deliver. I never got the free water or the juices. Will I stayed there again and recommend this to my clients, I probably will for the really cheap price, other wise I will stay elsewhere pay a little more and get what you deserved based on the price paying per night for hotel room.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>3	5	2	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>kevinc
<Content>Hotel did not accomodate our requests We booked our reservation 4 months in advance requesting a room at the FRONT of the hotel (read about the school yard in the back) for our recent post cruise 2 night stay. Upon dis-embarking from our cruise ship, arrived at the hotel we were told our room was not ready as the hotel was sold out the night before, check back at 12 noon. We returned at that time and was told our room was still not ready. So we sat and waited. The bellman eventually came by and said the room was ready and handed us the key. We got into a very hot, small, slow elevator, reached the room realizing we were in the rear of the hotel. Yes, the school kids were playing in the courtyard! The room itself was just okay, with laminate floors? The bathroom was nice with the exception of the towel rack in the tub, poorly placed for someone to bang head against. Very dangerous! It was not the room we had requested but we were very tired and wanted to see the beautiful city outside, time was limited and we waited 4 hours for the room.Spent very liitle time in the room but feel we paid too much for this hotel, (even booking in advance) realized after extensive walking around beautiful Barcelona that many other less expensive, same quality hotels are available in similair or better location (travelers take notice!) We would not stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	4	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>TRAVELBUGDallas_TX
<Content>Wonderful location and room This is a small hotel with everything necessary to create a great experience in Barcelona. We requested a room at the front of the hotel so we could open the doors to overlook the street, and loved the feel of an urban oasis. The hotel and its decor is contemporary, clean lines, large bathroom, comfortable bed, lovely linens. Hotel location couldn't be better for walking to either Las Ramblas or to the bus and metro lines leading elsewhere in the city. We enjoyed the small adjacent cafe for breakfast, but didn't try the restaurant for evening meals with so many other fabulous dining options available within walking distance of the hotel. This will be our hotel of choice for return visits to Barcelona.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MissStress
<Content>Excellent Hotel Excellent location on the Gran Via. Our room was at the front overlooking the tree-lined street. It was an excellent location. Initially, I wanted to stay at a hotel right on La Rambla. I'm glad we stayed at the Atrium Palace instead. It was close to everything, but away from the crowds at the same time. Much better choice for us.The hotel offered a free business center with 2 computers available for use. The business center also contained a library of books on local topics.Kudo's on the robes, towels and linens. You can always tell a quality hotel by their towels, and these were thick and the size of beach towels. Very nice.The hotel staff were all very nice and helpful. I can usually find something to complain about, but honestly, this place was great. Okay, I have one complaint, 16 euros for breakfast is way too much, so we ate pastry at the many cafes that are everywhere you look. I know... quite a hardship, right?  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	3	5	

<Author>couple_traveler
<Content>A Perfect Start to Our Dream Honeymoon!!! We stayed in the Apsis Atrium Palace for 4 nights and 5 days, and it was the perfect start to our honeymoon. We were in Spain taking a cruise from the Barcelona port.The things we liked about this hotel:- gorgeous location- in walking distance to everything -beautiful pool area-romantic setting-clean and comfortable-free room service (yea, breakfast in bed every single day!)- awesome staff, who speak english and are very willing to help show you around- seconds away from local transportationI cannot rave about this hotel more, it was the best choice we made for our time in Spain.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>byrdy
<Content>Lovely Hotel with a great Staff My husband and I stayed here for three nights and loved the hotel. My only complaint was the noisy school children outside in the school yard. The staff could not have been more friendly or helpful. The breakfast was well above average and we looked forward to it each day. The hotel is well located and an easy walk everywhere. In summary, this is a lovely hotel and a very good value. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>alwop
<Content>A pleasure Everything was just as you would expect from a four-star hotel -- or better! The front-desk staff are very friendly, and I practically had to chase the porter who took up our luggage to give him a tip. The facility looked new and well-maintained (though the elevator ride was a bit bumpy at times). Our room was quite big for a large-city hotel, and everything worked and looked fine. The advertised wireless Internet was fast and reliable. Breakfast was well above average for Spain, with both hot and cold choices, coffee/tea and delicious orange juice and fresh fruit available on the buffet.For our purposes anyway the location couldn't have been better: it's a short walk to Passeig de Gracia, where all the top designers have their shops, and Pla莽a de Espa帽a is within walking distance (El Corte Ingl猫s department store is also a a treat). There are plenty of good restaurants in the streets around the hotel. Our best discovery was foc, in Joan de Borb贸, just around the corner from the hotel -- perhaps a bit too trendy for some, but with excellent food at extremely reasonable prices. (If you go, save room for the assorted desserts!)  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>iona31
<Content>cosy hotel, defo recommended My wife and i spent our first year wedding anniversary at the Atrium. I have to say we had a fantastic stay. The hotel couldn't be better located, very central to everywhere a tourist would like to see and close to all the nighhtlife without it being next to the hotel and keeping you up all night. The staff were very courteous and spoke excellent english. They also left us a bottle of champagne as an anniversary gift which was a lovely touch. The rooms are a bit on the small side but furnished nicely. Barcelona is so nice you won't spend much time in them anyway.Beds were comfortable and rooms were cleaned daily without issue (even after a ly in).We didn't get to sample the food so i can't comment on it. We took a look at the leisure facilities and they looked reasonable enough. You could get a workout in without being spoilt for choice.The only negative thing would be the limited selection of english channels on the TV but you don't go to Barca to watch TV so thats being a bit picky. All in all, i would defo return to Barca and this hotel in the future  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maverick1234
<Content>Highly recommended! My wife and I stayed at the hotel for three nights during our vacation in Barcelona. It was simply one of the best hotels that we've ever stayed in.I loved the charming facade of the hotel and was mentally prepared to find a tired looking room but instead, we found a very modern room with impressive fittings.This hotel is really a gem....not to mention the excellent location (3 minutes walk to La Ramblas and P. de Gracia.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>UtopiaUk
<Content>Great hotel  Really lovely hotel, staff are excellent, the location and facilities - especially the pool and spa are great. For a quieter room request a high floor and at the back of the hotel. Great breakfast. Really amazing city. Always be very vigilant in Barcelona.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>laurad656
<Content>As Always Excellent Stayed here in Nov 2007 and returned again for my birthday last week. This is now my third stay here.Three of us in one room. I have not been the one to stay in the extra bed but my friend who did said it was very comfortable. Rooms at front of hotel overlook the main road and have lovely little balconys so I suggest if you don't want to be woken by the school as I have read in other reviews you ask for a room at the front of the hotel.The hotel staff are very accomodating and friendly. As it was my birthday whilst I was there, my mum contacted the hotel arranged for a bouquet of flowers to be delivered to me. The hotel arranged everything and got a beautiful bouquet from a florist on Las Ramblas, even packaging them up for me with so that I could take them home on the plane, rather than leave them behind. Couldn't have asked for anything more. Flowers were stunning and the housekeeper did an excellent job of sorting a pot/water etc for their journey home. Bottle water is provided free - they even sent a large bottle to our rom at 4am one morning on our return from our night out and did not charge which we were pleasently surprised about.I recommed you book the breakfast in advance for 8euros as this cannot be faulted.Will only ever stay here when visiting Barcelona and I recommend to many people. Excellent hotel, location great and the staff are very helpful - all for a price I feel is good value comared to other hotels in Barcelona.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>russc727
<Content>Not horrible, but not good We stayed 6 nights in Barcelona, three at this hotel and three at another one nearby. The other hotel's listed price was higher, but the Apsis Atrium ended up being more expensive and it was a much less pleasant stay.First, I booked directly through the hotel's website and requested a room for three (my wife and I were travelling with an 18 year old daughter). We stopped by the hotel 2 nights before we checked in and found out we had a room for two booked, with no room for a cot. They moved us to a larger room at no additional cost, but an additional 60 euro/night charge for the cot.Upon check in, everything seemed fine. The room was indeed adequate for the three of us. However, there is a school next to the hotel and we were awakened at 7am by hoards of youngsters playing in the schoolyard. It was impossible to sleep beyond 7am. That was ok with me, but not my 18 year old. Also, the walls do not appear to be any impediment to noise. I'm used to hearing my neighbors if they are talking as they leave the room next door. In this hotel I could clearly hear people talking from several rooms away, even from other floor levels. I travel a lot and have never stayed in a hotel with such poor acoustics. The flooring in our room was very cheap linoleum that was warping up in several areas.On the positive side, the location is excellent. Easy access to shopping and reasonable walking distance to several tourist sites. Two blocks to a metro stop. Four blocks to the airport bus at Plaza Catalunya (3 euro into the city, 4 euro back to the airport).. The staff were friendly and helpful. The hotel was very clean. The bathrooms were very nice.At checkout I was charged 25 euros for the few calls we made (I only used the phone three times to make dinner reservations, call a friend and once to check on the hours of Park Guell-probably 9 times total). At the other hotel we used there was no charge for local calls from the room. When it was all added up, I paid more per night for this hotel than the other, more expensive hotel.Our stay here was not a disaster, but I would not stay again and would definately not recommend it to friends.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>travelteamNy
<Content>Great location for handicapped couple We stayed at the Apsis Atrium Palace 5 days before boarding our cruise ship in November. We booked the hotel on their website, saving money on the great breakfast buffet and for staying more than three nights. Our room was on the 4th floor facing the P.Gracia................it was a beautiful view with the city lights and the trees with the moon shining though. We enjoyed our Juliet balcony................the air was so fresh in the evening, it was wonderful to sip a glass of wine and prepare for a nights outing. The hotel was wonderfully located for a couple with a wheelchair. We had an electric mobility scooter delivered to the hotel, although the elevator was a tight fit, the room was large enough to accommodate both the scooter and the wheelchair. The room had two bathrooms, well appointed, but we needed to purchase our own shower mat................none were provided, but the tub was so slippery we feared an accident would spoil our trip. The front desk was very helpful for tour information.......directions and getting us a taxi each night. Room service was fast and efficient.................we even ordered a pay for room movie in English. Most of the tv shows were in Spanish as expected...................we didn't use the pool since it wasn't handicapped accessible............would hightly recommend this hotel to others needing good service, near transportation and at a great price.We used the laundry service, found it a good price with everything coming back fresh and pressed. Breakfast included both hot and cold selections, cava, juices, pastries and cooked to order eggs with an amazing array of breakfast meats and Spanish cheeses. Expresso was extra........but the included cafe was very good.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FlyingDutchman82
<Content>Great Suite The Apsis Atrium was a lucky pick as I stayed there during the yearly 3GSM Conference. I stayed in the suite on the topfloor of the hotel. Unfortunately on my own, really should be there on a romantic weekend with my wife. What a great location, with a fantastic view over the city. Stylish interior, great bed, luxurious bathroom with oval bubble bath, separate room with tv and couches, spacious bedroom with great beds and again a tv set. Sliding doors to the stretched balcony with wooden flooring and a Jacuzzi (which due to time of year was not working), deck chairs.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>happytraveler000
<Content>Great value The staff was friendly and helpful, cost was reasonable, very clean rooms and an excellent overall value.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>juejosh
<Content>Nice Hotel, Good Location After reading some of the reviews, I was a bit aprehensive and thought I maybe should have booked another hotel, but we had a great stay! We arrived at about 11:45am so expected to be asked to check in later, but no, the rooms were ready for us and reception was very helpful ensuring that our party was roomed close to each other. Our room was more spacious than the others as we had an accessable room, but all were clean with a lovely bathroom and a wide selection of 'bit and pieces' including toothbrush/paste and razors, which are useful with todays security restrictions, and these were replaced daily. The linen was crisp and clean and the rooms were well tended - they were also very warm - too warm for my husband but great for me!The breakfast offered a huge choice of continental items plus hot buffet and if ordered at the time of booking you get a 50% discount which makes in extremely reasonable for what is on offer - including cava/bucks fizz if you wish it - I didnt but kept thinking about it! The pool area is small, and because of the marble/wood mix can get slippy at times, but that where the complimentry slippers are useful. The pool itself - well, yes it is small, but is beautifully lit with changing lights for a relaxing feel. There is a seperate room with jaccuzzi in - big enough for 4 comfortably, 6 makes it 'intimate'. We were lucky that on our first visit both pool and jaccuzzi were empty, which meant our group had exclusive use, on our second visit only a couple and there baby were swimming so we jaccuzzied then swapped, as did they. There is also a sauna and a small gym. So plenty to occupy if it is busy.The location of the hotel is good, being near Gracia area and placa Catalunya and also the bus stops. The hotel is also good for business users with not only free wi-fi throughout but it has 2 computers on the 1st floor with free internet access too.All in all an excellent stay and when we return to Barcelona (hopefully in the Summer) we will return to this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JACKKLAD
<Content>Perfect location Stayed for a 3 night break perfect location for this kind of thing and staff were really helpful with hotel and tourist matters.Stayed on the top floor (7) where i think the rooms are much bigger and better and a big balcony to match if you stay in the rear of the hotel (request this when booking if you can)All the usuals you would expect in the rooms and a bit more,tv,mini bar,bath robes,safe.....etc.Had breakfast just the last morning,a buffet breakfast with plenty of it and all you could want,bit expensive but worth it i suppose Brilliant pool,sauna,jacuzzi in the basement and suprised more people havent commented on it,the pictures on the website dont make it look as attractive as what it is......sitting in the jacuzzi after a hard days walking sight seeing......perfect!!,you can even hear the underground trains go by aswell!!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Arunda01
<Content>Average I stayed in the Apsis Atrium Palace for 3 nights in December for a business trip. The area in which the hotel is located is quite convenient - two blocks from a subway station and the Pg. de Garcia - which has fantastic shopping. From a geographical standpoint, I couldn't have asked for a more exciting location.However, from a lodging standpoint - I would only rate this hotel as average. On the positive side - my bathroom was quite satisfactory. There were a good variety of toiletries, adequate water pressure and plenty of towels. The rooms were of decent size and there was enough lighting for me to read/work on my laptop in the evening. As for the negatives - the walls/doors to each individual room were poorly insulated, so I heard every conversation that took place in the hallway 24-7. My colleagues reported that since their rooms faced the street (unlike mine) they could hear traffic noises throughout the night. The hotel's breakfast featured both hot and cold food and ranged from bacon/eggs to cheese/wine. While a bit expensive, you pay for the convenience and must note that most hotel's buffet breakfasts (in my experience) are generally of the same price/quality.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>SophieStockholm
<Content>Beware of this hotel... Booked a double w breakfast at this hotel on the hotel web-page. In the morning the evening after arriving, went to hotel-restaurant where breakfast was served between 7.15-10.30. We arrived in the restaurant at 10.15.The waiter greeted us by looking irritated and looking at his watch. He then informed us after asking for our room-number that breakfast was not included in our rate. When we disagreed, the waiter very briskly told us we had to step up to the front desk to sort things out, with about 10 minutes left of breafkast. He followed us there and consulted another staff-member, who searched for a transcript of our Internet-reservation, without finding it. A third employee in a more senior position was then involved in the case, and quickly found our transcript only to see that breakfast indeed was included. We then went back to the restaurant in order to have breakfastand given there were now only a few minutes left of it, since the time now was betwen 10.20 and 10.25, sat down right next to the buffet. A waiter, not the same as before, then came rushing up to our table and declared that we were not allowed to sit there. He pointed at the far end end of the restaurant, which incidentally was as far away as possible from the buffet. We then felt we had had enough and decided to go to our room and order breakfast . This was probably just before 10.30. What was sent to our room was two small pieces of bread- rolls and one cup of coffe and one cup of tea, butter and marmalade and some dry croissants, far in quality from the buffet served at the restaurant.The two glasses of orange juice on our tray seemed to have been diluted beyond recognition. We then called and asked for some more bread-rolls, some more orange juice for both of us, coffee and tea. We received a new tray with one glass of orange-juice and one coffee. I then called again to ask about the bread-rolls and the tea only to be told that the hotel now had to charge extra for this since it was now after 10.30. I tried to explain the situation, but the woman at the reception was very firm and refused to send us anything free of charge. When we booked the room the information on the hotel web-page stated that either breakfast.buffet or breakfast in the room was included. The breakfast served in your room would be a continental one, but I thought that even as a such the breakfast we got up to our room was a very poor one.The hotel then charged extra for the coffee and the one glass of juice(as promised) when we checked out.Other amenities at the hotel included a business corner with two computers, but it seemed they had never heard of the fact that mouses need to get cleaned every once in a while in order to work, because one mouse was so full of dirt that it was useless to click with. We stayed in two different rooms, and they both had such thin walls that we could hear our neighbour going to the bathroom, or throwing up, which we had the pleasureof doing during one night. When somebody flushed it sounded like the ceiling was coming down. The drains in the shower and the sink did not work very good,so after taking a shower the tub was flooded with dirty drainage-water.The water-pressure in the shower was very weak for a four-star hotel. I also found old dental floss on the floor in the bath-room. Our room was extremely hot, and when I called reception about it I was told that they did not have the air-condition on,only heating in the winter. I felt to fed up to then ask why there in that case was a thermostat in the room, and if I lowered it, should not the room then get cooler(I tried that but it did not work,I lovered it to only 10 degrees centigrade, but the room was still as hot as before).We did get to switch rooms because of the heating, and were then asked to bring our bath-robes along to the new room, and also at first to come down to the reception to get the new key, but instants later the reception called us again and told us that they were of course giong to send a porter up with the key and also to help us with the luggage. The hotel also uses a system, where you get four small bottles of water for free, and this is all you will find in the mini-bar when arriving. Everything else that you might want i.e juice,beer,wine,soda you have to order up to you room and pay for , not only pay for what you drink from the mini-bar.We decided we wanted to settle the bill the evening before leaving, since we were leaving early in the morning. When my fiance went down to pay the bill, the receptionist refused to assist him, stating that he could indeed do that in the morning instead. My fiance then really had to argue to get to settle the bill the night before leaving, saying that we wanted to pay now because we were leaving early and wanted to minimize the strees of this. So then after much discussion he did get to pay. The next morning, we went up to the reception to leave our keys and the words of farewell from the receptionist was notbye,hope you have enjoyed you stay or something of the like, butDID YOU PAY???.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	2	2	2	

<Author>SilverRRCloud
<Content>Satisfactory But Not Worth The Rate... We were quickly offered #602, spacious, comfortable with a decent view and low noise. Pros: Good locationProfessional and efficient staffNicely sized room(s). Included WIFIIron and board in the roomSafe vault in the roomSmart welcome kitFree bottled waterCons: Relatively very expensive 鈧?00.00 p. nightAdequate but very basic breakfastLack of maintenance: broken fixtures in the bathroomLack of heating in mid-November!!! (The Front Desk said, they did not turn the heating on???) ---Would neither recommend nor book again myself. Far too expensive for the very mediocre service offered. SC  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Treabhar
<Content>Good hotel, good location Stayed here for 3 nights last weekend. Rooms are spotless and spaciouswith fairly large batchrooms with bath, sink and shower. Water both still and sparkling is free in the minbar. We stayed on the 6th floor where we heard very little noise. There is also a safe in the room.On the basement floor there is a spa, jacuzzi, small gym and small pool. Availed of the pool and jacuzzi which was great after a day of sightseeing and shopping.Hotel staff were helpful and had good English. It had a small bar which we used only a couple of times - the drink is actually quite cheap there.Did not eat anything at the hotel over the weekend, there are plenty of cafes, restaurants and coffee shops around for something to eat.The hotel itself is only a 5 minute walk to placa catalyuna and the top of La Rambla, which is ideal. From the Placa Catalyuna you can get the tourist buses around the city. There are separate routes, bluegreen and red. Make sure when you are queing that you are gettting theroute that you want from the map. These buses go continually so you can get off at your pleasure.Overall a great weekend in a great city. Would go back to this hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>DaveReading
<Content>Check your valuables! A pleasant hotel in a good location, Stay spoiled by the theft of my wife's handbag which the management refused to take seriously. No compensation offered.Special trip for a birthday treat and the duty manager even failed to tell me that he could not get a reservation for our chosen location until 1 hour before we were leaving for the meal. Did not take breakfast there as there many better and less expensive cafes nearby. Hotel rooms were clean and showers were a delight after a long day walking the streets. Very useful and large book on Barcelona which we used to select restuarants. Interference on BBC World channel so don't expect to stay in touch with sport/news while there. Bar staff good fun and huge digestivo drinks for 5 euros.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RonLynda
<Content>Glad we chose this hotel My wife and I stayed here for 4 nights during our first visit to Barcelona. The room was a twin at the front of the building, overlooking the busy Grand Via. A small balcony allowed you to look down (we were on the third floor) at the traffic passing. Although this sounds noisy, the double glazing worked well reducing the traffic sounds to a background drone. It certainly didn't affect our sleep.The room was clean and well equipped with a 4 piece bathroom suite. Another vanity basin/unit outside the bathroom and plenty of wardrobe space. Good beds and all done in a contemporary style.Breakfast was very good with a broad range to choose from. We booked the breakfast at the time of booking the room (directly with the hotel) so got it for 8 euros each per day, well worth it.Location is 5 minutes walk from the Placa Catalunya leading to the Gothic quarter and the Ramblas. The Ramblas was a dissapointment, being simply an avenue with the usual 'statue people' and a few stalls selling birds in cages (shame).We had a great time in Barcelona which is a wonderful place, we loved the Gaudi works, especially his La Pedrera, wonderful.Try the Attic restaurant on the Ramblas, friendly service and good food at a reasonable price.The tourist bus starts from the Placa Catalunya so is 5 minutes walk from the hotel. Buy the 2 day ticket, you will need it.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>traveller0808
<Content>Excellent location, friendly staff, great value for your $$$       Room  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>The4wardz
<Content>Good Value, Great Location This is a nice hotel in a good location, not far from the Ramblas, in a slightly quiter area.I agree that the plumbing is rather noisy, but this did not bother us too much. Probably better on the higher floors, we were on the first fllor.The staff were very helpful apart from the mess up with the taxis. We wanted one 6 seater and we got 2 four seaters so we had to pay twice for the journey back to the airport. We should have used the bus as we did when we arrived.Ask for a room at the front. The views are nicer and all the windows are double glazed so no road noise. The rooms are also airconditioned.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	5	2	-1	

<Author>Wood76
<Content>Wonderful hotel and location This was an excellent hotel, with very friendly and knowledgeable staff. It's in a wonderful location, a safe location, surrounded by shops, bars and restaurants and away from the usual tourist areas. It is a 15 min walk to the marina, 20 min to the beach and is just round the corner from some of Gaudi's masterpieces. There is a metro station 2 mins away from the hotel which takes you to most locations. The hotel itself is very modern and clean. The rooms are a little small but certainly aren't lacking in any facilities and we didn't have a problem with noise. The breakfast is excellent and the bar is extremely cheap in comparison to La Ramblas. I would highly recommend this hotel and will be certainly making a return.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jannazg
<Content>Great room, location, staff This hotel is a great place to stay in Barcelona. It is close to the main streets, Las Ramblas and Passeig de la Gracia, minus the craziness that comes with staying on Las Ramblas. The staff is friendly and the breakfast an excellent value if you book ahead of time. The rooms are spacious, but without views. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	3	5	5	5	

<Author>bonvoyage14
<Content>loved this hotel After reading the recent reviews, we were torn as to whether we should keep our post cruise reservation, but I am so glad we did!The staff is friendly and knowledgeable---the location ideal---and the bed was perfect for us! We actually slept great on the European style mattress. The half price internet booked breakfast was also wonderful. We would definitely recommend this hotel for a terrific value in a magnificent city.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kaipbarrett
<Content>Excellent hotel for a short stay Excellent hotel for a short stay, room was a bit on the small side ( road side ) BUT you dont go to Barca to stay in the room.......The beds are very hard but thats what i like.Excellent location ( 2 blocks to Passeig de gracia and Las Ramblas ).........Air con was spot on, after spending all day walking in temps of 36 + it was a pleasure to walk into a cold room FREE bottled water and FREE in room safe  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>BettyJScotland
<Content>Fantastic Central location. Clean modern rooms with good bathrooms and balcony. Twin rooms not vast - but ok. Great breakfast.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>MarcLeuven_Belgium
<Content>Cheap finishing - poor insulation We stayed in this hotel from 27th December 2007 till 4th January 2008. We were given a spatious room at the front of the building overlooking the Gran Via. The rooms look great at first glance. At closer inspection you wil find that they are very cheaply finished. Sound insulation is below par especially between rooms. We were able to hear and understand the neighbours very clearly. The piping is done in such a bad way that every time a toilet is flushed or a bath tub emptied on one of the upper floors it generates an extremely loud roar which even wakes you up at night. The noise from the street side was acceptable. Our last night the poor plumbing finally gave way and the ceiling came down after the constantly battered piping had given way to yet another flushed toiled and emptied bath tub. We were appropriately moved to another room without further discussion. All in all : cheaply finished hotel, bad insulation, noisy, good location, over-priced. Maybe rather 3 than 4 star. Would not stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>TetonCLT
<Content>Bring your ear plugs Nice room decor, clean, OK except for the noise!!! Our room # 307 was in the back area and just above an enclosed SCHOOL PLAYGROUND, which gave us no hope to sleep late. Additionally, this room had bizarre plumbing - every time the upstairs guest flushed or turned on the water, it would drian down through our pipes and toilet making very loud water running noises at any hour! The flooring also let us be aware of every step upstairs or in the hallway. Also the Housekeeping closet was next to the room, adding to the symphony of noise. When I asked to change rooms, I was informed there were none available.... This was by far the noisest hotel I have ever expereienced. The desk staff was polite upon arrival, those that knew English, but the wait staff in the bar and restaurant were chilly and very indifferent. Barcelona is a lovely city and we will choose to stay eleswhere on our next visit.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fwr
<Content>A very enjoyable stay We recently spent two nights at the Atrium Palace and would happily return in the future. The modern interior was sophisticated and attractive, the room was well appointed and comfortable (although a little small) and the service was attentive. The location was perfect for our tourist ramples as it was in the center of everything and easy to find for the taxi drivers, being on a lovely main boulevard. Rooms on the upper floors are recommended due to noise at the ground level. A very nice restaurant is on the ground level. The price was fair at about 150 euros.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>klean
<Content>Excellent Hotel One of the most excellent hotels I have ever stayed. Spacious room, very well equipped, polite staff, nice bar, close to Rambla.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>grant_lina
<Content>More Hard Beds After a long haul, we we're dying to get some rest late in the afternoon. Unfortunately our bed, as stated in previous postings, was rock hard. We eventually asked for extra blankets and placed them between the matress and the sheet. This seemed to work OK. The next challenge was the noise emanating from the evening soccer/basketball games in the school grounds behind the hotel. As the hotel was fully booked, we couldn't change rooms.That said, the hotel is in a great location, the staff courteous and the other amenities such as the basement pool and spa were great after a day exploring this wonderful city.In my humble opinion, this hotel has the potential to be much better. Replace the matresses, install some double glazing and I'll be back!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>YorkshireMinsterman
<Content>Great location, great price Excellent all round hotel. Location 10 mins walk from Place Catalunya/Las Ramblas. 25 mins by Taxi (about 鈧?7 for 4 people +luggage) from the airport. 10 mins walk from Casa Mila, 5 mins from nearest Metro station which takes you everywhere!Well presented hotel, nice (if small) leisure facilties, but to find anywhere so central with a pool/sauna and jacuzzi is a bonus. Perfect after a hard days treck round the sights.Staff very friendly and helpful. Breakfast very reasonable if you book in advance (鈧? per person per day) which we thought was good value and served up until 10.30am for us lazy types!Must also mention restaurant Le Quinze Nits in Place Reial. Very reasonable prices and very good food - worth the queue as it doesn;t open until 8.30 pm on an evening - worth getting there at 8.00pm ish and queuing.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mrspaper
<Content>nice hotel, price good we stayed at the Atrium Palace for 2 nights prior to a cruise. It was easy to get to from the airport bus. We decided to take a chance on the bus, since no passengers get on after it leaves the airport and you get off at the last stop. it is a 3 block uphill walk to the hotel from the bus, but not bad at all. It was worth the walk. The staff were very nice and gave us a bottle of champagne for our anniversary. We used the pool and jacuzzi and they were just what we needed while awaiting our room to get ready. the staff brought us down shampoo, etc. breakfast was adequate. Coffee was terrible. make sure you find the business center with the free internet, although one of the 2 computers did not work while we were there.The location of the hotel was great. good walking location to picasso museum, shopping, Las Ramblas, and food. Many ATM;s all over. We ate at a popular Tapas Bar on the same street as the hotel, just 3 blocks toward Las Ramblas. It was good, although not cheap by the time you finish ordering all your mini plates of food. We found this Tapas bar on the internet, highly recommended, and when we asked the hotel staff where to go, they recommended the same place. The beds were not extremely comfortable, but adequate. the room safe was a nice size. we had a view of the courtyard and the kids playing outside from the school, but they did not awaken us. the bathrooms are adorned with all the amenities you need, and got replaced even if they didn't need replacement. We did not even need to unpack our toothbrush, etc for the 2 days.We used the tourist bus to jump on and off, which worked out well. (other times we walked) It was fun to be a tourist. while they take you around, you can listen to headphones as they speak about what you see. We went to the aquarium as one of our destinations, and it was a nice one. Of course, don't miss all of Gaudi's buildings and parks. We could have used one more day to get in Montserrat. If you book on the hotel's website, they give you breakfast for 1/2 price, although you could probably do better eating a small breakfast on the street. I have no pics to add to the candid photos that haven't already been shown  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>JohnUSNSD
<Content>Perfect! Perfect Room. Perfect Location. Perfect Price! Staff was very accomodating. Rooms were more than sufficent. As I have stated in other reviews, I visit many cities to SEE the city, not the Hotel. This hotel was perfect. I spent very little time there, because I was out and about all the time. But, when I was there, it more than met my expectations.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>limxela
<Content>Great location, bad beds Location: Great location in the center of the city, one block from Passaig de la Gracia. Staff: Friendly staff, pleased to serve you. Shaving kits, extra towels, anything else you need will be in your room immediately. Very clean and thorough room cleaning.Breakfast: Very decent breakfast with great expresso. Great service.Beds: Terrible beds - most (if not all) rooms have two double beds that slide apart on hardwood floor. To be close to my wife, I had to tie the beds together with towels. Very hard mattr essess. Only sheets for cover - no blankets. Pillows synthetic and hard.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>Gordy2
<Content>Very nice indeed ! Booked this Hotel after reading reviews on Trip Advisor. We stayed for a night pre-cruise, and arrived about midday. Our room was ready and we were allowed into it right away. We managed to get a deal through Expedia which included buffet breakfast. Only disappointment was they served diluted orange juice and not the real stuff at breakfast. A Hotel of this class should be able to do better. The room was excellent, situated at the side of the hotel (No view whatsoever), but was very clean, modern, and quiet. The staff were excellent and very friendly. No qualms about staying here again.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>GeoffL
<Content>Excellent stay My wife and I stayed at the Atrium Palace for four nights in early May. As written, the location is indeed excellent for shopping, dining, acess to tours and walking to the Gothic quarter. When taking a cab back to the hotel, use the nearest intersection(Grand Via  passeg de Gracia), as some do not know of the hotel as it is small. Rooms ver clean and well appointed. Air conditioning works quite well. We did not try the restaurant, but the bar service was excellent. We were on the front, with the door closed, most street noise was eliminated. Staff very accomodating. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>incaman
<Content>A Super hotel. Enjoy. This is an excellent hotel offering real value for money. The location is perfect - probably the best in Barcelona. Everything is within walking distance. The staff are very friendly and accomodating. There is a lovely pool and Spa area. Yes it is small but it always seems to be empty. The pool was lovely and warm and perfect for relaxing after a hard days sightseeing. My only criticism would be that the restaurant area is unimpressive to look at although I didnt use the facility so I cant comment on the quality of the food or service. Rooms wre very nice, clean, cable TV and quite large. They can be a bit noisey with a school playground right behind the hotel. Overall, this hotel is a gem and I would definitely be staying there again.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Audie79
<Content>Great hotel in a great location I booked this hotel for our three night stay in Barcelona partially because of the reviews it received on this site. My husband and I were not disappointed! I had some slight concern about getting a room bordering the atrium/courtyard because I didn't want to be bothered by the noise some discussed here (there is a basketball court, soccer field and other areas for children to play in this courtyard). I requested a quiet, non-smoking room, and did end up getting a room on the courtyard . When we arrived at the hotel on Friday afternoon, the courtyard was loud with children playing. All activity in the courtyard (soccer, volleyball), ended by 9:30 p.m. that night, making the room VERY quiet for sleeping (which was what was important to me). Activity did start again on Saturday morning around 9:30 a.m., but we managed to sleep in until 11 a.m. anyway! After the Saturday morning activity, there was none for the rest of the weekend, making our room quieter than if we had a room with traffic buzzing below.Our room was exactly as it appeared in the hotel's Web site photos. I was pleased with how well-kept and clean the room was. It also offered nice amenities like bathrobes and a small sewing kit. We took advantage of the hotel's nice business center to use the free Internet. The reception staff was very helpful at check-in/check-out, with wake up calls, information on bus and metro schedules and sight-seeing ideas.As others have mentioned, the location is great! You can walk to most major attractions, and there are also metro and bus stops nearby, We would definately stay here again!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Adelmo
<Content>Great Hotel from which to go sightseeing We have just returned from a 3 day break in Barcelona, staying at the modern Apsis Atrium Palace Hotel on the Gran Via. We could not fault the Hotel for location, cleanliness, friendly staff and good amenities. It was in an ideal place to either walk to the many tourists sights or catch the blue/red tourist buses that provide an armchair view of the city's attractions. We felt a 2 day bus pass for 23 euros was excellent value and a must if you wanted to see everything.Barcelona is such a vibrant and welcoming city and in our opinion much better than Madrid. There is so much to see and do that when we visit again we shall certainly be staying for much longer.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>topgeeza
<Content>Superb hotel in a great location!       View from Rear bedroom  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LondonDoodle
<Content>Good Vaule for Money..Great Location We stayed on the fifth floor at the front of the hotel (we requested a room at the front after having read some previous reviews). It worked out around 拢50 a night per person for that we got a very large twin room with a nice bathroom (bathrobes, slippers etc) and an additional sink area in the bedroom which was handy for friends sharing. Would definately go back to this hotel. Staff were friendly and helpful and the location of the hotel is a real bonus.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Roykeaneisgod
<Content>Handy if you want peaceful This hotel is a very nice,clean and generally quiet. It is 5 mins walk from central square. Ensure you get a room that is not attached to the atrium or you will hear reception noise ( during day only). Lovely pub Bobby's Bar which is just around the corner and handy for the the last few after the main strip.We had one issue with a non flushing toilet but this was fixed immediately. Would rate higher but because of the atrium noise and the specific toilet have put at average.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>rljrfisher
<Content>Great location and accomodations !!! I stayed here for two nights in mid- March. The location is just great, and felt very safe for its two block distance from The Ramblas. Also, the proximity to high end shopping and the Gaudi apartment buildings can't be beat. I was suprised and delighted with the buffet breakfast. Worth it's price even if charged the full rate. The hotel had a nice business center with free internet access on the first floor.  A standard double room at the end of a hallway was surprising spacious! The room and bathroom were also very nice by American standards.  Our only disappointment: the room was freezing, and this could not be corrected in the two nights we stayed. The management explained the hotel can offer either heat or air conditioning for the whole hotel. Since Winter had ended, only the air conditioning was available. Even turning off our room unit didn't help much. We had to wear a jacket or sweater in the room to be comfortable, and it seemed very warm and Spring-like outside! I would consider this a good, fairly -priced, 4 star hotel, but definitely not a 5 star property. It appears to be well-managed, but bring a sweatshirt or sweater to wear in your room. The location is just wonderful !  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>kittiebiddy
<Content>good location We got the bus from the airport to the plaza, only a 5 minute walk to the hotel, come off the bus,head for pas de gracia and turn right when you come to the water fountian, quite easy to find, the airport buses come every few minutes also and only cost 3.90. As you come out of the airport terminal the bus stop is 20 metres to your left.The hotel is in a great location for everything you want, very clean also and friendly staff, only complaints would be our view which was 4 plant pots and a wall, also you do hear everything from adjoining guestrooms, as we were hardly in our room it was'nt a major issue for us.There has been many complaints re beggars and thieves in barcelona, well we had no problems on that score, I've never seen so many police officers in a major city than I did in barca,even seen one hiding behind a tree ready to pounce on a unoffical street trader, (the tourists taking pictures of him gave the game away and the trader bolted). We only seen 2 beggars in the 3 days we were there.Disappointed with la rambla though, too many waiters pestering you for business, none of that on the pas de gracia which is 1 minute from the hotel. Though do watch out for the old man who likes to walk up that street wearing nothing but body paint and a pair of trainers...........sadly I saw him twice!!!!!!One last thing, we went in the middle of march and the weather was great, 20 degrees, great for strolling about town.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>TravelWen
<Content>Good value for money               
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>love_2_travel666
<Content>Central Location Went to Barcelona for first time for a few days early March. Found the hotel from searching on google for hotels in City Centre locations. This Hotel says it is a 4* and I believe it is. Exterior is traditional but they have ripped out the interior and made it into a boutique hotel, with lots of wooden floors and panels. The main stairs in reception are still authentic.The reception staff were very helpful and advice on where to eat and what to do was very welcome.The hotel had a special offer if booking for 3 days or more you could have a buffet breakfast for 1/2 price, which for us was 鈧? per person per day instead of 鈧?6. Well worth it, self service for everything from Tea/Coffee to full cooked breakfast. Plenty of choice of fresh fruits and the usual pastries etc. Our room was a good size. We were at the back of the hotel in a double bed, with a sitting/changing area. We overlooked the school which could be noisy at break times and early evening when playing football or basketball tournaments, however we went to Barcelona for the sights not just the hotel. The only draw back, there was no tea/coffee facilities in the room. Mini bar had a good choice at a reasonable cost, however still and sparkling water were free and replaced daily.Safe deposit box in room was also free.Bathroom suited us fine, with good size bathrobes and slippers, and everything you would need for a short break in the way of toiletries, including toothbrushes, and wet shave equipment.We used the hotel pool and jacuzzi everyday, although one day the jacuzzi was out of order as 'someone' had put in some soap!! You need to know in advance if you want to use the sauna so the reception staff can ensure it is hot enough.The hotel recommend on their website to use the aerobus from the airport. 鈧?.90 which was a good choice, it picked up outside the arrivals hall, last stop out of 3 was at Paca Catalunya, 2 blocks from the hotel, the map the hotel provide was very accurate.Barcelona is definitely on our list to re-visit and I will be booking this hotel again.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>picky1
<Content>room with no view Previous reviews were generally accurate but I must say......We stayed here for 4 nights from 28/2/2007 and have just returned home tonight.The rooms were clean and there was some decent bedding although the quilt smelt of aftershave which I found a bit too close to the previous occupant.We were given a room on the first floor. This may have been a family room as it had a bed settee. I was disappointed that we had a 'view 'of an air duct / conditioning pipe and a wall close opposite. Why do I always seem to get this so predictable? The hotel was very quiet and I cant believe there was nothing with a better view!!The pool is a very small plastic form type which for the hotel was disappointing as if you were going to build a pool you would build somthing better in your back garden. They missed an opportunity when building the hotel to do something much much better. The pictures on the net appear quite grand but it was not. The pool did have some atmospheric lighting and would change colour when this was switched on around day 3 but felt full with 5 adults and in the summer this would be an issue. When we first arrived the jaccuci was out of service which was disappointing but came into service after a day or so. The sauna was readily switched on when we asked for it to be but the sauna bucket was completely useless with holes in it and water literally flowed through the gaps and I got the floor swamped trying to introduce some water / steam.Breakfasts were okay with lots of fresh fruit. The kitchen appeared very clean and appeared to be subject to regular inspection by the management on a daily basis.The staff were nice and friendly.I would stay here again but if I had the choice would choose a hotel with a better pool and a room with a view.I have to say the biggest down side for me is the fact that the soundinsulation in the rooms was an issue. When someone flushed their toilet it sounded like the contents were rushing down the downpipe which sounded like it was in the wall near my bed. This was very very off putting. Also there was from time to time no doubt about the fact that someone was using their bathroom.I dont know if this had something to do with the fact that our room on the first floor was at the bottom of the hotel ( no pun intended) but avoid first floor if you find this off putting. You can hear the school kids which was not a problem but shame about the lack of a view of any kind.If you have kids try The Mafia restaurant on the walking route to the Ramblas. Nice and child friendly. Also Port Olympic was the best beach we found and there are nice restaurants. Take the tourist bus if you want to avoid a long walk. Everyone warns you about pick pockets in Barcelona. I have never seen so many people on the street ( i live in London) and there are many police about so you should be okay but dont put your bag down or I suspect you will lose it!!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>La-Claudia
<Content>A bit of a Lottery!       View from Hotel room - school!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tonybyrne81
<Content>Lovely Hotel - Great Location My girlfriend and I recently returned from a 3 night stay at the Atrium Palace and overall we enjoyed a pleasant say. The room was nice, quite spacious and clean. Bathrobes and slippers were supplied along with mini bar, extra pillows, iron and ironing board and in room safe. The TV had limited channels 3 of which were English language (BBC World, CNN  Eurosport). The mini bar was well stocked and included 2 free bottles of still and 2 free bottles of sparkling water in the room every day. We did have a few problems getting the in room safe to lock but the staff were very helpful with this and attended to it quickly.The bathroom was again spacious and clean lots of toiletries were supplied although the shampoo wasn鈥檛 great. The hotel pool was clean but quite small.Reception staff were great; they were very helpful and dealt with any questions to the best of their ability. The Hotel is in a great location - 5 mins walk to the top of La Rambla.A few things to note:There are a number of schools located directly behind the hotel. Kids start playing there at about eight in the morning and they create quite a bit on noise. So if you aren鈥檛 an early riser ask for a room at the front of the hotel.Cleaning staff start around the same time and again they create quite a bit of noise especially if your room is located beside a store room as ours was.I noticed a few comments on trip advisor about empty cans of coke etc. in the mini bar and we had the same experience. Also the mini bar is quite expensive (3.50euro for a can of coke).Overall though our stay was enjoyable and we would recommend the Atrium Palace to friends travelling to Barcelona in the future.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cgmail
<Content>Perfect location for stay in Barcelona We stayed in the Atrium Palace for 3 nights in Feb 2007 and have to say it is a little gem in the centre of Barcelona. We took the train when we arrived at the airport - EUR2.50 per person one way and the train stops at the Passeig de Gracia metro station about 200 metres from the hotel. Check in was smooth and we were able to check in at 1pm when we arrived. In the room, there were lots of handy toiletries - toothbrush, razor, shampoo, shower gel, tissues, lavender hand wipes. We also got bathrobes and slippers in our hotel which you're instructed to wear down to the spa - spa is lovely, small pool, jacuzzi (which was not very hot!) and a sauna which was lovely. Towels were provided in the spa so no need to take any down with you. The rooms were great, extra pillows provided, in room safe, ironing board, limited tv channels but we didnt really watch it too much. Also view from our room was of the basement but we didnt mind, as we didnt spend all that much time in the room. A nice touch was the 2 free bottles of still and 2 free bottles of sparkling water in the room every day. Reception staff were great - we had forgotten to take a charger with us and they let us borrow one for our stay and also on one of our days there, it rained and they loaned us a large umbrella to take out with us for the day. It's so central though - on the Gran Via des Cort Catalanes, 5 mins brisk walk to Plaza Catalunya and a few mins further takes you to the top of Las ramblas.I will definitely be back to the Atrium Palace.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>learnerplates
<Content>excellent but may have been a temporarily low price Excellent hotel,could not fault it, service was fantastic, very clean, bright and new, trendy too Location about 20mins walk from la ramblas..but the price may have been an introductory, it may have increased since 3 yrs ago.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bkchill
<Content>Great Value for money I stayed there during a weekend. The hotel is nicely located very close to the metro and trainstation of the airport train and the city center. The room was very clean, spacious and although facing the street quiet. You get everything in the room you need, even slippers! The spa has a jaccuzi, a sauna and a pool you are happy to use after a long day of walking around. The breakfast was amazing: champaign, salmon, ham, fruits, eggs, just everything you wish. I will definitely come back once more to this beautiful place. And not to forget, staff was very polite!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>swan17
<Content>Very Friendly, helpful staff Spent last weekend at the Atrium Palace Hotel and I have to compliment the Front Desk staff. They were extremely friendly and helpful, with lots of tourist advice and responses to our questions. Our first night was spent on the 7th floor in a room at the back of the hotel, which was incredibly hot. We had the door onto the balcony open all night, but were still too warm. The staff explained that it was 'that inbetween time' when the heating is still on, but the rooms at the back get warm in the day with the sun on them. They were very helpful and moved us to a room at the front where the heating was not working, which suited us much better!There is noise from the school at the back, but we quite enjoyed sitting on our balcony on the first evening watching a basketball match!We booked breakfast online at 8euros each, which we thought was good value. There was plenty of choice, with beautiful fresh fruit, although the hot breakfast choice was a little limited, if that is your preference.The position of the hotel is great, with easy access to buses, metro and many of the main sites.We would certainly recommend this hotel and use it again ourselves if returning to Barcelona.Thanks again to the staff for making our stay enjoyable.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rochelle.alexis
<Content>Perfect Location               
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>bruno.bemelmans
<Content>best value for money (Sorry for my English)We have been here two times and we find this the best value for the price you pay (130 euro in the centre of town, four stars))- The staff is very friendly and polite- The room we stayed is was big enough for us, two adults and one child (10 years old) - Airco is ok. - Indeed not so many channels on the TV but that is not why you come to Barca.- Last years I booked two splendid communicating rooms for the two of us and our three daugthers.- The pool is indeed small but the water is lovely, the sauna perefct and the jacuzzi worked all the time. There is a change in color in the pool every minute.- The rooms are superbe clean and the girls who cleaned it were very friendly.- The breakfast is great with everything you need (even red wine and 'cava' if you want)- The nearest metro is a 200m walk- The Plaza Catalunya is about 400m.- Taxi from airport to hotel: 20 euro- Very impressive 'buffet' between 13 and 16h: 20 euro- Just one thing to complain: we heard the toilet flush of another room...We will return next year.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ab0si
<Content>Great value The Atrium Palace is a rather new hotel four blocks from Placa de Catalunya. Easy transportation between the airport and that plaza is avalable by rail and bus (I sugest the bus, it is usually faster, more comfortable and you are less likely to have to fight off pickpockets). Taxi will be about 30 euro from the airport (a bit more on Sundays and in the evening).This is an excellent location with easy access to the metro, buses, the tourists circle buses. Of course, you can walk to many of Barcelona highlights eaisly from the hotel. Is the location ok? Well, the Ritz is 100 meters to the east.The reception staff was great. They kept trying to help me and seemed disappointed that I didn't need any special help.The room I was given is simply huge by European standards. Simple, modern decor and that great European rarity: reading lights over the bed bright enough to actually allow one to read in bed. Bedding was two full beds placed together. VERY hard beds (I consider this a good thing; you may not).The bathroom was fully equipped with tub/shower, vanity. toilet and bidet. A full range of stuff was provided (disposable razor, toothbrush, sewing kit, bathrobes, slippers, etc. et al. Big fluffy towels, lots of hot water and excellent water pressure.Breakfast was served (7:15 to 10:30) is served in the hotel's small bar/restaurant buffet style. A full range of fruit, breads, cereal, cheeses, meats, yogart and eggs are provided. The orange juice is not fresh squeezed.Free computer/internet available 24-hours/day in the business center as well as free wifi throughtout the hotel. There seems to be internet available through the TV and there was an RJ45 hook-up in the room. I didn't try either of these, but simply used WIfI.Small swimming pool, sauna, hot tub and a basic exercise room is open until 11:00 pm.One hint: They take privacy seriously. When you leave the room for the day, hang the Make up the room on the door.Summary: great room, excellent location, very helpful staff, good price. Hard to beat that.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NorthernTraveller125
<Content>Apsis Atrium Palace Barcelona - SUB STANDARD - DO NOT BOOK! We have just returned from the hotel today.1. Pool is tiny and i mean tiny 2. Fitness suite - 3 machines 1 stepper and, and all in one and a cross trainer - poor quality. Water from air con leaking all over wood floor which makes it DANGEROUS3. Rooms were not ready still at 4.30pm on day of arrival.4. Half drunk can of coke in the fridge - shows they do not check the fridges in rooms very often.5. Maids were hit and miss....some times they left towels, slippers etc other days they did not 6. The maids left their very dirty floor cloths on the desk 7. Jacuzzi Bath did not work for the whole of the stay - they new about it but failed to tell us - apparently it had been broken a while8. Breakfast discounted if you book in advance - average breakfast.9 We booked Restaurant for new years eve dinner in advance but when we sat down the Maitre D told us all that was not available - was easier to tell us what was available. In fact he directed us to a nice place around the corner.10. The english TV channels had NO sound11. Air conditioning is non existent - cooler to leave doors open and listen to traffic all night.12. God forbid that you have any emergency issues as the whole hotel was run by receptionists / front office manager (Maria who was not there often either) - Mr Lara was on holiday in the south of spain and although they spoke with him he did not ask to speak to me to apologise of offer to helpIMPORTANT Advice also:We booked 2 suites which were nice suites if tvs and jacuzzis worked (3000 euros) - our friends booked a private car through the hotel so that they could have a child seat for their new born baby - the car turned up without a car seat and charged them 85 euros for a 20 euro journey. No kettles in room if you need to boil water for babiesWe were offered 80 pound discount for all of the above problems - they ruined our holiday and offered us 80 pounds....!We were only offered an apology when we came to check out.This is a 1 star hotel that wants to be a 5 star hotel when it grows up - so far it is far from growing up and has to be the worst run hotel I have ever stayed in (And I have stayed in well over 100 different ones worldwide).Our friend (Who also stayed there) is a travel agent and is going to talk any prospective customers away from this hotel as this is the worst she has stayed in!My advice - DO NOT STAY THERE. PaulPS...I am still waiting for a response to my email.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	3	3	1	3	

<Author>BeccaJayne
<Content>Absolutely amazing!!       the lobby.. which was also lovely!!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ordtravel
<Content>Great hotel We stayed at the Apsis in early October. We had a very enjoyable stay. Our room was clean and roomy for my husband and I. We were on the 3rd floor so we didn't hear much noise from the school behind the hotel. It would have been lovely to stay in one of the terrance rooms. Also, we did not take part in the daily breakfast since we are happy with toast and coffee in the morning. We walked to all the sights in Barcelona from this hotel, Sagrada Familia, the Port, Barcelona Cathedral, Art Museum, ect. But, remember, as compact as this city is, it is still a lot of walking so bring comfortable shoes! The hotel staff is great with recommendations for restaurants. We dined at Fernandez one night which was great. Also, there's a great restaurant called Ba-ba-Reeba for tapas.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Lexusman
<Content>Absolutely loved the place I went back again one month after my last stay and it was even better than the last time which surprised me . The receptionist who checked us in ( David } was just so professional and polite. I / we will definitely be back again  
<Date>Dec 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bcarter456
<Content>Beware The Atrium Palace is a very nice hotel. It has a great location, has beautiful rooms, and a very helpful front desk staff. That being said, one has to be very careful in Barcelona, like a lot of European cities. Barcelona is a city of theives. Don't believe me? Walk the busy city streets and look at the women at the sidewalk cafes. Every single one has their purse on their lap, directly in front of them. The reason is simple. Purse snatching is rampant. Please protect yourself with a money belt and don't don't carry anything valuable in a purse. We didn't think it would happen to us. But my wife had her had firmly on her purse and it was snatched from her in front of a dozen people. To their credit, the local people were very sympathic and offered us tremendous compassion and help in our time of need. I don't mean to demean the city of Barcelona. It's a beautiful place and I would visit it again in a hot second. Back to the Atrium Palace. We went directly back to the hotel after the purse snatching an they were very helpful in getting our credit cards stopped and so on. But, the next morning, the mini-bar guy came into our room while we were sleeping and stole 100 euros from our room! I couldn't believe it. I went immediately to the front desk to report this, but it was his word against ours. First of all, I admit to being an idiot. One should never leave money out in plain view in a hotel room. My mistake, to trust the hotel staff. The lesson here is a) Barelona is beatufiul and a very worthy place to visit, and b) expect to be stolen from at the slightest opporunity.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bristolblonde
<Content>Loved it - Excellent Hotel This hotel was fantastic I booked the hotel as a surprise trip for my partner and we had a wonderful time. The location of the hotel is perfect and the hotel itself is great with the little extra touches which make the stay at the hotel lovely. Staff were fantastic and I would definately stay at this hotel again when returning to Barcelona.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ayshejooni
<Content>excellent We really liked this hotel. It's location was just perfect, the room was spacious, nicely furnished and clean. We had a window over the street with a great view. We found the beds very very comfortable. The free water from the minibar was also a good idea. The breakfast was a really good value for 8 euros as the there were fresh fruits, vegetables, bakery vide assortment of cheese etc. Fruit juice, not only orange juice but also others. What we still really appreciated is that we didn't see any kids staying at this hotel. We could really feel it was a stay for adults. Alltogether this is a great value and we will definitely go back there.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>dimsum
<Content>Not great in Barcelona and Spain standard If this hotel was in other cities, I might find it very impressive as it was housed in an old building. But after a journey of more than 14 days through out Spain, I found this hotel deserved the grade 'average' only. LocationThe location was good but not superb. It was relatively close to a metro but not very close. We still had to walk more than five minutes to the metro. Five minutes in Spain autum sun was already very long and even worse when we finished shopping. RoomWe booked a suite at this hotel as a treat as it was the final leg before our transit back to Madrid. It proved to be a waste of money. If you decided to stay at this hotel, my advice is go for the cheapest room category. Save your money for other purposes or stay at a better hotel.ServiceNo warm welcome or sincere goodbye was offered. No smiling face at the reception. Don't expect five star or small family run hotel service.FacilitiesThe internet service was alright. The indoor pool was the only merit of the hotel.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	3	4	2	2	4	

<Author>D&MGR
<Content>Friendly staff, good hotel, great location, wonderful city We stayed at the Atrium Palace over Hallowe'en and really enjoyed our stay. On the whole a very good experience, a few small downsides: worth a score of 4陆 but I'll plump for a 5 as we can't give half points. Positives - great staff , very friendly and helpful eg checked up bus routes and timetables for us. Check in was quick and room was clean and well appointed. Free water from the minibar a bonus. Air conditioning worked well if perhaps a little too enthusiastically at times. Previous reviewers have been mixed about the breakfast - we found it fine, good selection of fruits, breads, meats and cheeses along with cereal. There was a cooked breakfast but we didn't try it so can't comment. Not sure it is worth 鈧?6 though - we booked it though the website for half price and at 鈧? it was more than adequate. We were late back to the hotel one night after a trip down the coast and decided to eat in the hotel - we don't normally do this but I was surprised - good food and very reasonable (including the wine).Location is also quite good - on Barcelona鈥檚 main street (we had a room at the back so can鈥檛 say if rooms at the front are noisy), 5-10 mins from the Ramblas and convenient for metro/buses. Slight downsides - there was some noise from the schoolyard which others have mentioned (and not just in the morning, but used for 5-a-side football one evening). Wasn't too bad though. Swimming pool is rather small but still at least there is one. Rooms are good and a reasonable size for a city centre hotel - but some of the space was wasted (why two sinks - one in the room itself as well as one in the bathroom when the space could have been used for a second easychair?); and there is no lounge area to speak of in the hotel. But these are minor gripes. On the whole a very positive experience.Oh , and Barcelona is wonderful by the way.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Nontall
<Content>Not perfect but had a great time Date: Oct 13, 2006Reviewer: MSponder, Ft. Lauderdale, FloridaMy husband and I stayed at the Atrium Palace the night before and the night after our Mediterranean cruise. Hotel staff is wonderful- very accommodating, friendly and helpful in giving directions, recommending restaurants etc. The hotel is in an excellent location and the free internet service is a welcome bonus. While the rooms are clean (and come equipped with a safe) and the bathrooms are spotless, the beds are a little too hard for my liking. I probably would not choose this hotel if my stay were to extend beyond a couple of days because of this. Also make sure you ask for a non-smoking room if that is your preference as we had a smoking room our second night since we did not specify and the hotel was booked so we had no option to get another room. We had to blast the air conditioner and open the windows for a few hours to try to get rid of the smell. The elevators are teeny tiny (4 adults at a time) so if there is a crowd waiting, it could take a while to get to your room unless you choose the stairs. If I ever return to Barcelona I would probably try another hotel just to compare value. Not sure if it was worth US$220 per night but we still had a great vacation!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>Mojie
<Content>Perfect... Had a great 3 day stay in Sept 2006. Hotel is small, quiet and modern. Location is convenient, near both Ramblas and Aixample areas, subway stops, and hop on and off tour buses. Staff was very friendly and offered good advise. Room size is fine (for Europe) and quite modern. Book breakfast, if possible -- the buffet spread (again, for Europe) is great!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Kitty-sayre-2004
<Content>Was giving a treat to stay here We stayed at this hotel after reading reviews on this site. We were there Sept. 13th and 14th for the 2 nights and have to say for the money and european standards it was very nice. The front desk clerk spoke excellent english and was very helpful. We had requested 605 and was told that there were no guarantee. Was please however that we were given 605. Our room was very clean and was on the street side and had little noise. There was a little terrace and was great to enjoy a drink on. The beds were hard but would rather have them that way then to soft. The location was also nice only two blocks to the grand via and great shops but don't miss the restaurant next door. It was hard not to eat there both nights but had to do the tapas one night. The name is Patagonia and it is a Argentine. I differently would stay there again. And I loved Barcelona.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>katarob
<Content>It's OK My son and I stayed at this hotel in July 2006 for 2 nights. The rooms are much smaller that what they look like in the website. The bathroom is very modern and nice. The beds are HARD , but we slept ok as we were so tired both days.The staff at reception is very nice and location is good.However, don't know if I would stay there again. For a couple of nights it was OK, but for longer time, the rooms would feel too tight.The staff at the breakfast room is surly. I wouldn't recommend it. The 2nd day we went to a cafe around the corner and had great breakfast for half the price ( eventhough we had paid only 8 euros for breakfast at the hotel the 1st day).  
<Date>Sep 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	5	3	4	

<Author>Helenlc0
<Content>Nice Hotel We stayed at the Atrium Place in May  had a fab time. Check in was speedy, room was fine - nice  clean.We had a standard double which was plenty big enough for us. The only gripe I had was the noise from the school (our room was at the back of the hotel). It wasn't a huge problem as we were out and about most of the time... (Just those early mornings!). The room was cleaned/tidied daily, with fresh towels left if you wanted them. The hotel staff were brilliant - couldn't do enough for us, especially reception. We arrived around 9.30pm (a little later than expected) so the lady on reception offered to book us a table at a nearby restaurant while we got changed etc - Superb. Facilities in the hotel were fine, everything we expected.The swimming pool is a little on the small side - but it was ok for us. The sauna was great especially after a hard day's sightseeing. We didn't actually eat in the hotel so can't really comment on the food side of things. All the public spaces/seating areas were were always clean never noticed anything out of place.Location is good - hotel is very central, close to all the shops. It's fairly easy to find from the airport - as we discovered... We decided to get on the bus (it's a lot cheaper than getting in taxi).Overall, a good quality hotel - would definitely recommend.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Eyal
<Content>Big Disappointment We reserved the hotel 4 months ago for our vacation in Barcelona (family of 2 adults one teen and one child, thus we needed two connected rooms) based on the great reviews we read in the Tripadvisor.We checked in around 12 and were asked to come back around 3 PM.Already when we entered the lobby we were getting the impression that something is not working as it should, the rug was stained, there were crumbs in the elevator and the impression was not very good.When we came back we were offered rooms 610 and 611 in the 6th floor, but when we entered the rooms a very strong smell of smoke hit us combined with dirt on the floor dust on the furniture and hair on the blankets, immediately we asked for cleaner and no smoking rooms, although the hotel was full the receptionist was very kind and moved us after an hour we had to wait to 2 not connected rooms in the 3rd floor (the rooms were much cleaner and smelled from massive use of air freshener so we assumed they re-cleaned them) apologizing and promising that on the following day we will have the non smoking connected rooms.This was sufficient and as promised we were moved on the next day to two connected rooms in the same (3rd) floor.Still I must also add that on the second day when we went to the SPA in the evening (very very small and cold) we noticed and killed cockroach in the swimming pool and I am sure you can still find it under the wooden floor near the oval windowTo summarize the four nights we stayed there I will say that - The staff is supporting the location is good and the deal for the breakfast is very nice.BUT we can not ignore the poor maintenance level (why they do not clean the elevators more often? Why there are all these black signs that the luggage left on all the walls inside and outside the rooms? Why they do not clean the mini-bars from leftovers of other guests and dirt?).The potential exist but the high expectations could not fulfill.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	3	3	4	

<Author>monkeymatt
<Content>Honeymoon bliss We stayed at his hotel on our honeymoon, based on cost and location and its 4 star rating - and on the whole, it was a good stay. The place was clean and well maintained, any faults that occurred (in our case the lifts and jacuzzi were, on separate occasions out of order) were swiftly rectified. The restaurant served a good breakfast, although I'm glad we booked for bed  breakfast, I feel the cost of 16Euros per day per person was a little excessive. We chose not to eat in the restaurant beyond breakfast, as it was a little too clinical, almost like a canteen, rather an atmospheric dining experience.The room we had was lovely, air conditioned, cleaned daily and stylishly decorated, containing a double bed (at my request) which was firm and comfortable.Our only minor niggles were, (i) the view from our room - they knew it was our honeymoon, yet we looked out on air conditioning ventilation ducts and the back end of another building, and (ii) they offered no exchange service - meaning one evening when I approached to cash some travellers cheques, they wouldn't, subsequently leaving us short of money for the evening. However, neither of these affected our overall enjoyment.I would recommend this place, for many reasons, maybe not quite value for money, but certainly for location, cleanliness and design.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Fae_Scotland
<Content>Great Location - Pricey Breakfast I have just landed back in the UK today from a fantastic week trip to Barcelona which is VERY hot right now!!! The hotel is very well located and is in easy walking distance from many many places to visit. The jacuzzi and pool are very small down in the basement, you are given slippers and a bathrobe in your room to wear to these facilities which are clean and have a shower and toilets.The room was smaller than expected and at the front of the hotel (where the twin rooms are - doubles at the back). The breakfast is very pricey and the mini bar prices will frighten most people - 3 euro's for a small packet of crisps!!! 3.50 for a can of coke and the alcohol is even pricier!! Do what we did, go to the supermarket on La Ramblas instead you get much more for your money. I was disappointed not to have tea/coffee making facilities in the room (very annoying because you are forced to pay their prices if you want these hot drinks) but the water is free (2 bottles of still, 2 fizzy on a daily basis). There is very little storage space and I had to fight every day with the sliding wardrobe doors - I could hear the people in the next room doing the same thing!! You do get an electronic safe which is easy to use. The TV has BBC World News and CNN for English guests but all other channels are for french, italian and spanish languages. It was clean and the air con was a god send in the boiling heat but don't expect to be able to hear anyone talking if the door to the very tiny balcony is open, the traffic noise is loud but it's ok when the door is shut. There is no furniture on your balcony (too tiny a space). We didn't have a table in the room either so when we ordered room service there was nowhere to eat it from but the bed. Personally I would rate this hotel 3star plus (and I'm no snob!), it just didn't have the luxury the website glossy pictures portrayed. All in all it was comfortbale and clean and well located for our trip but I would not return to this hotel. If you book from their own website you will get half price breakfast but to be honest you'd be better off getting out onto the numerous street cafes, they are everywhere and a good way to enjoy the weather and people watch. The Ramblas is about a 10 minute walk from the hotel and NOT TO BE MISSED!!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>OBERMAN
<Content>Perfect We have just returned from 6 nights at the Apsis Atrium Palace.Perfect Location, Perfect Hotel, beautifull rooms, we stayed at the front hotel rooms, no noise from the gran via street.Very good breakfast for the value- book in advance from the hotel website so it is only half price -8 euros.The staff is very nice and the free 4 bottles of water per day are a bonus very wellcome - barcelona is hot.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Traveller19617
<Content>Perfect Location We stayed at the Apsis Atrium Palace at the end of June 2006. The hotel is in prime location, ten minutes walk from the Ramblas, the same again from the Gothic quarter and 100 metres from the metro. The room was modern and functional with all that you would expect from a four star hotel. A nice touch was the free still and fizzy water from the minibar. We asked for a quiet room and were allocated a room that looked out on to a school playground. Despite contrary views in other reports there was little noticeable noise. The weather was very hot so we were pleased that the air conditioning worked well. I tried the sauna, spa and pool; all were excellent although the pool is more of a plunge pool than a swimming pool! The staff were friendly and very helpful. The only food we had in the hotel was breakfast which was excellent although we found it was better earlier rather than later. If you book directly with the hotel you can pre-book the breakfast half price (8 Euros) which we thought was good value.The only issue we had was that we found the lifts to be hot and steamy.We loved Barcelona and would recommend this hotel to all.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Liked the Hotel and Staff, Disliked the Beds We stayed 1 day prior to and 2 days after a cruise at this hotel. Had a room in back the first night and a room in front the next 2 nights.The Hotel is great, the staff was excellent and very helpful. The hotel is located within a few blocks of La Rambla. Just an execllent location for visiting Barcelona. The air conditioning worked too well at times. The room in back was on the 6th floor and we noticed no noise at all from the playground but we did keep the windows closed. The room in front was on the 5th floor and was again quiet due to keeping the windows closed. I enjoyed the free internet service. The only thing I did not like were the beds. They were like sleeping on a concrete floor with a thick piece of cardboard between you and the concrete.Word of warning to Barcelona visitors. It was told to me by the hotel and I did not listen closely enough. Watch out for the pick pockets in the subway. They ruined a great vacation for us by stealing my digital camera right off my belt. Lost 1/2 of my cruise pictures as well as the camera. The police told me they are after cameras and cell phones as well as wallets. So be very careful and hold onto everything in crowded areas.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sammc
<Content>great location, very modern A large group of us stayed here to attend a family wedding and we found it to be of a very good standard. lacks a bit of personaility, but the location is great, especially for shoppers!!! The service was good, rooms small but spotless and very modern. It was a a bit annoying to be telephoned by reception at 12 on the dot on our final day to make sure we were getting out on time ....But overall, I would definitely return to this hotel for a city break.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved the Atruim Palace We stayed in The Apsis Atrium for 4 nights at the beginning of June. We had been recommended this hotel by friends who had previously stayed there and we were not disappointed. The location was great, only a matter of a 5-10minute walk to Las Ramblas or Placa Cataluyna. The room we had didn't have a view or balcony which was the only downside of our stay, however our room was lovely, clean and modern. The hotel bar was great for a quick pre-dinner drink and very reasonable! We didn't eat in the hotel as there was too many other places to try! I will definately return to this hotel and have no hesitation in recommending it to anyone. All in all a super break in Barcelona!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>FunandSun2
<Content>Atrium Palace was perfect! We stayed at the Atrium Palace for 2 nights preceeding a cruise and really enjoyed the location and atmosphere of the hotel. The rooms were very clean and a little larger than average considering european standards. The bar was great for having a few drinks before heading out for an evening dinner. Would not recommend the breakfast though as 40 euro was steep for what you received. Our room was on the street side of the hotel and there were no noise problems at all. The view from the small balcony was lovely.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>snshn3
<Content>Very clean and modern. Great experience My review comes in a little late, but I still would like to give in my input. We stayed at this hotel last June and had a great time. The hotel is in a great location, it is very modern and clean. The staff offers excellent service as well. The only thing is that we had a room overlooking a school yard. Luckily we weren't in our room much during the day when the kids were playing outside and became quite noisy. Aside from this, our experience was great. I **LOVED** the free internet they provide; it was nice to keep in touch with family and friends.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MaryMacBristol
<Content>Second visit to this hotel - will definatly be making a third..... My boyfriend and I are repeat customers for this hotel as stayed here a couple of years ago too. Hotel Amenities - Minimalistic Comtemporary Cool. Very clean rooms equiped with sat TV, iron  board, air con, full length mirror, firm but comfy beds, spacious bathroom with power shower. Bathrobe  slippers provided too. Safe in room. Pool is very small however satisfies for a quick dip. Nice jacuzzi  sauna. Fitness room is pretty poorly equiped so better to go out for a run to the beach! We have stayed in rooms at both the back  front of the hotel  I have never found the noise an issue like previous reviewers have ( I generally need to sleep with earplugs as it has to be silent for me!). Naturally, there is some noise at the back of the hotel as there is a primary school playground out the back however the little'uns are only out there playing during the week after 9am anyway so don't see what the issue is with that!?Location - very central  ideally located for sightseeing  shopping - no need for taxis in evenings, etc as within walking distance to cool bars/restaurants. Located just off Passeig Gracia up from Placa Catalunya. Las Ramblas is a 10 min stroll down the road. Eating/Drinking - excellent Tapas Bar nearby is Txapela - this is located on Gracia. Always bustling full of locals. Good pizza @ Veronica's. Anima off C/Carme serves excellent med/asian fusion type food. There are also a number of funky bars around Carme as well as more restaurants. Best bar for Mojitos has to be all time favourite 'Boadas Cocktails' situated just on the corner of the first right hand turn off Las Ramblas- it is very smoky inside but worth it for the experience!Shopping - There's a massive Zara on the corner of Gracia/Cortes Catalanes. Most of the big name desingers can be found further up Gracia (Loewe, Gucci, Chanel, LV, Stella Macartney, etc) Would recommend exploring maze of streets to the left of the Ramblas around the Gothic quarter  near Cathedral as there are some funky little boutiques to be found. Didn't actually eat in hotel as don't see the point when there's so many places to eat out for breakfast, lunch  dinner.. Barcelona is a placed to be explored rather than sitting in your hotel! We did however have a few drinks at the bar after days shopping/before heading out  the service was always excellent  served with a genuine smile.  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Sarasota34235
<Content>Very satisfied... this hotel is a a very good value. We were lucky to be guests at the Atrium Palace May 7th through the 11th. Based on a previous review, we requested a 06 room on the front of the hotel and we were lucky enough to be in Room 606, a beautiful, large, twin-bedded room overlooking the Gran Via with glass doors that open to reveal the city.With the windows closed, the room was soundproof. Unlike previous reviewers, I never had any noise issues at this hotel. No noise from the beautiful wooden floors and no unwanted noise from the Gran Via. The room was extremely comfortable, well furnished and the air conditioning worked extremenly well. The bathroom was magnificent - modern with beuatiful finishes, Grohe fixtures, a bidet and a separate second sink area as a seaparate part of the main room.The staff was consistently accomodating. I have to offer extreme thanks to Maria at the front desk. She was always extremely helpful, had the information we needed, offered great recommendations of things to do and greeted us with a smile and hello or welcome back. She is very special.We did partake of the breakfast buffet (at the pre-booked 25% discount). It was 12 Euros after the discount. We found it terrific and the restaurant staff worked extremely hard to satisfy the many guests.In summary, I would not hesitate to recommend the Apssis Atrium Palace or stay there again. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me.  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel in barcelona We have just arrived back from spending three nights at this hotel. We had an excellent stay.Arter reading about the noise from the school at the rear of the hotel we asked for a front room. We were in room 6 on the 5th floor, it had a small balcony with great weiws onto the main street. I had read reveiws complaining about thin walls but we did not find this to be true. We were woken once by someone in the main hall coming home at 4 in the morning, but that was the fault of people being inconsiderate and not the fault of the hotel. We prebooked the breakfast, and it was great value, one of the biggest breakfast buffet selections I have seen. The rooms are very well equiped , clean and modern, and quite a good size, in all we were very pleased. On a finel note we read in an earlier review about a resturant 2 doors down, called Patagonia Beef and Wine, fantastic one of the best steaks I have ever had.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel but extremly noisy at back I am just back from spending 5 days at this hotel and have mixed feelings about it.When we arrived on the Monday, we got a room at the back of the hotel and was very impressed with it, clean, spacious but very hot. The thermostat was at 35! Turned this down and turned on what I thought was the air con but room didnt cool. Opened big windows and didnt think anything of it. NEver heard a whisper the entire day but from 7.30 am the next morning, there was a constant racket from the school at the back until 9.30 pm for the rest of the week. Complained to the desk about the air con not working and was told that it doesnt work in the winter! This was Feb/March and it was 17% C in Barca..They said to open the windows and I explained that I couldnt because of the noise and was told they would look into it but never heard anything more..Apart from that, the hotel was lovely, free juice/water and toiletries as advertised and was also given a free bottle of Cava as they found out it was my g/f birtday while we were there (which was a nice touch).Spa/pool very small, deceptivley so compared to pics on website. Perfect location though.Do not pay for breakfast as the hotel charges 鈧?6 pp..and you can get brekkie for nothing close by.Overall, would maybe stay here again but only for the location and only if I was promised a quiet room and one with working Air Con...  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>citygal8
<Content>Centrally located, loved this hotel. We ( a family of 4) had a wonderful stay at the Apsis Atrium Palace(Barcelona, Spain) in Late Feb. We had 2 rooms on the front of the hotel overlooking the beautiful Boulevard. We booked our room through the hotel's own web site and got the best rates. We booked early and received a discount for staying over 3 nights. By booking thru the hotel yourself, there are no booking fees and you can cancel up to two days before with no penalty. Also, you don't pay anything until you check out. This 4 star hotel was no more expensive than many of the 3 stars I looked at. As per previous posts, the room is a little warm, but when we opened the Balcony doors, we cooled off the room and it was great. The staff was marvelous and attentive. They offered help with directions, luggage, etc. There are 2 (easy to use)computers with free internet access in the second floor business center. There was free water/juice in the mini bar as advertised. Also, there were lots of free toiletries in the room including a toothbrush/paste, razor, and all the usuals, etc. (nice touch) The hotel is clean. This hotel is very centrally located to all Barcelona attractions in a safe area. It's just two blocks to Placa Catalunya (transportation hub)and a few blocks to El Corte Ingles dept store.(has full supermarket in basement)There is also a citibank 2 blocks away.Las Ramblas was a 5 min walk. The hotel is near many of the Gaudi sites. We took the hop on/hop off bus which was a great way to get acclimated to Barcelona and hopped off at the sites that were harder to get to. We didn't have the hotel breakfast, it was pricey, but found lots of inexpensive cafes nearby to eat in.We found a superb restaurant that just opened next door to the hotel Patagonia Beef and Wine It's an argentinian steak house. The service was as great as the food and freshly made sangria. We ate there 2 out of our 5 nights. It was that good. All in all, Apsis Atrium Hotel is a centrally located, safe, clean hotel with lots of extras. I highly recommend it and will stay there again when I return to Barcelona.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pwee
<Content>Good Hotel, Great Location The Atrium Palace is located on the Grand via de les cort catalanes which is an excellent location for a short city break. You are no more than a few minutes walk to the Las Ramblas, the Passeig de Gracia and the Place de Cataluyna. The Hotel itself is very tidy, the standard rooms are very clean (no tea  coffee) and the staff very good. The Spa area is small. I'm not sure if I would class this hotel as a 4 star, however, it is worth it for the location alone.(Tip - the hotel backs onto a school, if you like to sleep in late, ask for a front facing room. It can get a little noisy with the young kids impersonating Ronaldinho)  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>petermay123
<Content>Watch out for thin walls Have to agree with previous review about the noise from courtyard, room temperature and the thin walls (I must have stayed in a room close to this person on the same weekend as we experienced exactly the same noises coming from a nearby room).Location excellent, good quality rooms/services, very clean and staff extremely friendly.Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Watch out for thin Walls - cannot fault the location Good accommodation - trying to be trendy modern hotel, very convenient location and quiet except for the schools around the courtyard if your room is facing the back. Watch out also for the very very thin walls (you can hear everything). Internet access very slow.In short, you must consider this hotel for its good location, friendly staff, pleasant plasticy modern room (if you like that kind of thing) but you cannot consider this hotel for its quiet rooms (although the area is quiet) and the room was too warm (probably dependent on where it faced). If you are looking for atmosphere than this hotel does not offer other than in its facade.Good for a short stay.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location The hotel was in a great location, spotlessly clean and everything was as new. The free water from the room bar was a bonus as was the free use of the safe in your room. This hotel was great value for money for a 4 star hotel. I have only two complaints about my stay in the hotel, firstly i didnt recieve the free bottle of cava i requested when booking (no big deal as it only costs 拢2-拢3 for a bottle) and the hotel was slightly too warm. overall it is a 1st class hotel in a good location and i would stay again.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel This hotel is great for many reasons. The staff is very friendly, it's in a great location only two blocks from the square, and the hotel is maintained very well. The only negative is if you need accomodations for a third person..... in the states it's called the couch. I'll definitely stay there again as long as my travel party is two people or less.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very happy weekend at the Apsis Atrium Palace We spent a 3 night weekend in Barcelona staying at the Apsis Atrium Palace on the Gran Via. We have stayed at the Hilton, Grand Hyatts and Marriot hotels in San Francisco numerous times so we know a fine hotel when we see it. This hotel was very nicely finished, the staff very professional and helpful. The room was a good size with everything you would find in a large US hotel including free wireless internet access. The hotel also has a small swimming pool, hot tub, sauna and gym. The location is excellent - we walked pretty much everywhere from the hotel: the hi-end retail stores are nearest, gaudi's house of bones, la ramblas, the old city etc.We will stay here on our next trip.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dijon1
<Content>Excellent Hotel We have recently returned from a 4 night stay in Barcelona. We booked the Atrium Palace based on the reviews we read on Tripadvisor, we always check on here before we book anything! As soon as we arrived we knew we'd made the right choice. The hotel lobby is lovely and the reception staff made you feel instantly welcome. Our room was at the back of the hotel and overlooked the school playground. We did get a bit of noise but certainly not enough to be a nuisance, and to be honest you're not in the room much. It was small but very nice, and clean. The juice and water in the mini bar were free and re-stocked every day. Some of the reviews have said that they experienced noise from the other rooms, we didn't have any problems at all. The pool and sauna were lovely. We came home from a long day of walking and the pool was just what we needed. It is small but very nice. The restaurant is excellent, with great food. We had the buffett lunch a couple of times it was a fixed price, possibly more expensive than you'd pay elsewhere but the food was very good. Some of the reviews have commented that the breakfast is expensive, but you get such a huge choice and you can help yourself to as much as you want. We thought it was worth the money. The location of the hotel couldn't be better, you are near enough to everything to walk rather than taking the Metro and missing so much. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anybody who wants to stay in a nice hotel with friendly staff, with a first class location. Don't look any further than the Atrium Palace!!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel!!!! My husband and I stayed in this hotel for one night before our honeymoon cruise in October 2005. We really loved this hotel. It is so easy to get to. We took a taxi from the airport and got very ripped off (seemed to be a trend for our transportation in Barcelona), but we were so happy once we got to the Atrium Palace, because it was so nice. Our room wasn't ready when we got there because we arrived VERY early, so they held our luggage and we were able to take advantage of their free internet room (great!), and just sit and relax. Once the room was ready, they came and got us from where we were sitting. They told us that they upgraded us to a suite because they ran out of regular rooms. We were so excited! They even remembered that it was our honeymoon and they brought us a bottle of champagne! The suite was amazing, and if I remember correctly, it wasn't astronomicaly more expensive than the regular rooms, so I would recommend booking it if you have a few extra bucks to spend. It was great. We had an awesome view from the balcony (which had a jacuzzi on it!) and it was so modern, large and very very comfortable! We will defintely stay there again if we ever return to Barcelona.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mujipor
<Content>highly recommended!! I just got back from a 3 day trip, i chose this hotel due to the reviews and was recommended by a friend who also stayed there.I found the location excellent! very central and very near to the metro station placia de gria. Also a ten minute walk to la ramblas. The hotel is beautiful, one of the best i have stayed in so far, they have a free internet access room with also a mini library. There is a spa but i never went to see it.I never had breakfast at the hotel but i did have dinner via room service one night! it was excellent food and not too expensive either. There is a wireless keyboard for you to access the internet via the tv (with charge of course) and satellite tv (blockbuster movies) also a charge. I bought the special package for around 24 hours and i received all channels plus music plus internet for around 35 euros, not bad i reckon.There is free juice and water and also i did receive the free slippers (bathrobe and slippers were provided for the spa to use, you could take away the slippers but if youw anted the bathrobe you would need to pay for it)Reception staff were helpful and polite. When we checked in they gave us maps and brochures for the city.There is a lounge area where you can just sit and relax and admire the artwork or there is a flat screen tv for you to watch. Overall i loved this hotel! oh, there was also a digital safe, an iron board, hairdryer and mini bar in room.I stayed for three nights and the room was 99 euros for a double.I highly recommend this hotel, i would stay there again definitely!The only thing i have to say badly of this place is i didnt have a good view (it was just facing another building) however we did have large windows we could open, i found barcelona rather warm this time of year 18c and compared to scotland which is currently 4c it was warm! the hotel was very warm too, we had to have the ac on as well as opening the large windows!and another thing is, sometimes other guests are too noisy, it sounds like they have no respect for other guests since they SLAM the doors!!I had a great time in barcelona and being at this hotel made my stay even more comfortable and relaxed  
<Date>Nov 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Englanderin
<Content>Its OK The Apsis Atrium Palace is very central and close to many key sights - its possible to take the train from the airport (2.3 euros) and walk from Playa Catlunya (10 minutes walk) to this hotel. The hotel is comfortable. (My room had no view - it just looked out on the central core of the building).The hotel provides free water and juice in rooms - an iron is a bonus. There is also a free safe - a necessity in this city. The hotel's website claims slippers and bodymilk are available - this is not so.The hotel has limited communal areas. Three sofas and an area that serves as a combined bar/restaurant and breakfast room. The indoor 'pool' is too small to swim in.Breakfast is good - the fresh fruit excellent - but the bread frozen rolls reheated.For a little more money - its probably possible to get a five star hotel.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>recommend the Atrium Palace We have just returned from a 4 day city break to Barcelona (1st - 5th Nov 2005). We were delighted with the hotel and the city. We had a lovely bedroom  bathroom. No complaints. Rooms were spotless  cleaned every day. There was a safe in the room - very handy. Staff were always courteous and most helpful. On our first night we ate in the hotel for convenience. The food was excellent, while not cheap. It lacked atmosphere, because it was a bit quiet. Because we were celebrating an anniversary - a bottle of bubbly was left in our room. (We did have to show a marriage cert). There is a small swimming pool  gym which we didn't use. But the jacuzzi  particularly the sauna were wonderful after a days sightseeing. Bathrobes  pool slippers are freely available  made the trips to the sauna easy  comfortable. The hotel is very well located for anything that you might want to do or see in Barcelona. It has a small library, with several PC's for free internet access.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shoechick
<Content>Great Hotel in a Great Location We loved this hotel! We stayed two nights pre-cruise and it was great. Our only complaint was the bed is a little hard. Bathrooms are nice and big, free internet access, free juice and waters in the room and the breakfast deal is great if you book it on line. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mickie18
<Content>Great Hotel This hotel was central, right on the Gran Via, Just a few steps from the Ritz, at a fraction of the cost. The room, although a bit small, was well appointed, the balcony was really nice. Free internet in the business center made it really easy to keep in touch back home. It was very easy to get around and it was easy to find cabs and the distances were short to most points of interest in the city.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brianmcstea
<Content>wonderful Wonderful modern hotel, spotless luxury rooms, in central location would stay here again, lovely.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel stayed at this hotels for 3 nights. great location. can walk to some attractions. nice breakfast. free internet service. would definitely stay again!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>OxoLondon
<Content>Great value and location I would agree with what the other reviews have said a about this hotel. Great location for shopping, the Ramblas and the old town. Close to Metro stop. Room was very modern and clean, stayed on the top floor at the back of the hotel - which was very quiet. The staff were really helpful and friendly. We had breakfast at the hotel which was fine. The area has loads of good restaurants and tapas bars. I would definitely stay at the hotel again and recommend it to others.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel in the Centre of Barcalona The Apsis Hotel has an excellent location, near to Place Catalunya and between the old en new city of Barcalona (old = ramblas, going out, small shops , check out the Born area and new= great restaurants, best shops).Rooms were very nice for a european city hotel, don麓t expect a very big room and beds, wood on the floor, iron and ironingboard in the room and TV with the latest movies and direct internet access - about 10 EUR a movie / one hour internet).The Spa in the hotel is small but nice, a sauna, jacuzzie and a little pool. Nice to relax after a hard day of shopping.Service was great, personal extremly friendly. We didn麓t have breakfast or diner in the hotel, it麓s not necessary, we advise to eat in the restaurants nearby, like on the corner.When I go the Barcalona again I don麓t have to search a hotel, I know where to go, Apsis Atrium.Ask for the room with a terras (on the back of the hotel)  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location! This hotel is ideally located near Placa de Catalunya, with the noisy Ramblas on one side and the major shopping area on the other side. The rooms are nicely decorated (modern) with dark (mock)wood furniture and wooden floors. The bathroom was excellent, wouldn麓t mind having one like it at home. We stayed on the top floor which had a lovely big terrace. Facilities were good, minibar with free water and juices everyday, bathroom anemities good, internet in the room (though not cheap, almost 9 euro麓s an hour, use the free internet in the business center), pay per view movies (almost 12 euro a movie, but as almost all channels are Spanish except CNN you may want to see one or two). Some flaws: cleaning was selective, bathroom door got jammed so technician had to come and open it, no respect for the do not disturb sign, rooms are smallish and beds even smaller, ashtrays in room are fixed but need to be emptied!But over all, we had a lovely stay. Tip: don麓t eat near the Ramblas, go to one of the restaurants in the major shopping area (Diagonal). We liked Captain Cook.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would go back anytime.. We chose this hotel based on the reviews in Tripadvisor. We booked on the internet and had no problems. The staff at reception were friendly and spent time showing us maps and helping us to feel welcome.My usual worries about cleanliness were short lived - this is the cleanest hotel I have ever stayed in and I am not easy to please.We had booked a double room at the back - it was on the first floor which turned out to be a non smoking floor. We had no problem with noise and slept like logs.This is the sort of hotel where you know you've made the right choice as soon as you walk through the front door.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK, but not perfect. We recently had a long weekend break in Barcelona, and wanted a modern hotel for our stay. After some online research, we went for the Apsis Atrium.Location wise, it was fantastic, just a short distance from the Passeig de Gracia metro station, but far enough away from the Placa Catalunya and La Rambla hubble and bubble.The room was modern and a reasonable size, although some of the fixtures and fittings were starting to show signs of wear and tear. The room was also not that clean, with ring marks on the surfaces and visible dust in places. There were also no tea making facilities in the room, although water and juice were free from the minibar.Breakfast was also a little pricey at 鈧?5 per head. Much better value could be had at one of the cafes up Passeig de Gracia.Overall, a little disappointing.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good, but had one flaw I stayed in this hotel with my boyfriend for 4 nights in August. It was in an excellent location, right near the Placa Catalunya, the shops, restaurants and subway stops. The room was lovely- a fine size considering we weren't in it for long periods of time. The fact that you got free water and juice in the mini bar was a big plus when staying in the sweltering heat of August! The only major flaw was the noise. We stayed in a room in the middle of the hotel, overlooking the playground. This was not a problem, as there were no kids at school when we were there. What was a major problem was the thinness of the walls. Whenever the people in the next room used the toilet, had a shower etc. it felt like they were in the same room as us. One night, people came in very late and made a horrendous amount of noise, banging doors etc., which kept us up for a while. I know this is a problem in hotels, but this seemed exceptionally worse than any other hotel I have stayed in before. But despite this problem, I had a very enjoyable stay. The staff were friendly and very helpful. I emailed them before I arrived, requesting a double rather than a twin room and they sorted this out for us. The hotel was clean, and was a nice size, not too big and not too small. Didn't use the swimming pool or other facilities because too busy sightseeing! I would definitely recommend it, but maybe bring some ear plugs if you are a light sleeper!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>fjal
<Content>wonderful hotel Stayed only three days, not nearly long enough! Wonderful small suite - staying with our two children. Very comfortable and clean room, top floor, large balcony with hot tub. Loved views over roof tops, no traffic noise once windows were shut. Great location, very short walk to be right in centre of everything. Hotel staff helpful and friendly. Small swim pool, but we weren't there for that, so that was fine. Great breakfasts. Would recommend to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a Deluxe Hotel Thought this hotel was OK, but not as great as everyone here seems to say it is. Rooms were comfortable but hardly luxurious; we had a room at the front of the hotel and there was a lot of street noise, even in the middle of the night. The entire time we were there (4 nights) my parents' telephone didn't work and the hotel couldn't figure out how to fix it; the business-oriented Internet suite contained a whopping two computers, only one of which worked; and the hot tub in the so-called spa was ice cold. On a positive note, the hotel was very clean and a nice size (small), the location was good if a few blocks off the beaten track, and the hotel staff was extremely courteous and helpful. The breakfast was also excellent, although the waitstaff could learn from the front desk personnel. In summary, it falls short of the 4-star rating it claims to have. Good for a short stay at a reasonable price, but if you want real luxury you may be disappointed.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>djr915
<Content>Excellent Hotel Perfect place to stay for active trips. Great place for a reasonable price. It is convenient to most major tourist activities in the city. The rooms are nice and we recently remodeled. The staff is helpful and friendly.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>summercruiser
<Content>Enjoyed the Atrium We enjoyed our stay at the Atrium, but have a few comments. The hotel is in a great location, near the Ramblas and the staff were very helpful with suggestions for reservations, sightseeing, etc. The buffet breakfast was interesting with many regional offerings and if one reserved online, the cost was only about 7 euros.When we arrived, we were given 2 smoking rooms, although we had requested non-smoking. One room was okay, but the other smelled smoky. We were given another room which was a non-smoking room.The hotel had tried to give us two rooms together and that's why we ended up in smoking. The major problem was that while one room was nicely airconditioned (# 305) the other (211) stayed at about 80. So, if you care, I would suggest you request the rooms that stay cooler.The swimming pool was miniscule. We would return there, although try to get a cooler room.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thebunter
<Content>Great hotel/location       Apsis Atrium Palace  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NCK72
<Content>Perfect Hotel, Excellent Location We stayed at the Atrium Palace during a 3 day visit to Barcelona. The hotel is very clean, nicely decorated, friendly staff. The location is great as it is very central, only 5 minutes walk to Placa Cataluna but far enough away to be out of the hustle and bustle. Very reasonably priced, including drinks in the bar, although we only ordered wine. Will stay here the next time we visit Barcelona.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>native*texan*2005
<Content>Great location and very nice hotel! The Apsis Atrium Palace was a great hotel. We had a double room (meaning one queen sized bed) that overlooked the back of the hotel. It was a playground. Several other reviews said they could hear children but we didn't. The room has an additional sink area by the windows - which is away from the bathroom. Sounds sort of odd but it was actually very handy. It was a good place to sit and do hair/makeup and not be underfoot in the bathroom. The bath was pretty efficient by US standards but huge by European standards! We were on the 6th floor - not much view but it was nice. I never saw the pool - my husband said it was a an oversized jacuzzi. The air conditioning was great but it felt like the halls were not airconditioned. Buy the breakfast in advance - that's a bargain! Barcelona is fabulous. What a great city! We were there a total of 6 days - before/after a cruise. It was fabulous! Enjoy the Atrium Palace - we hope to stay there again someday!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Very Central,Good staff.Try and get a room overlooking the main Street,as the evening sunshine pours in thru your balcony-beautiful!.Bar  Rest area a bit basic but try Sumon  Porquesi Restaraunts close by-top class and very trendy...enjoy the best city in europe.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect for time out This hotel was wonderful! If Barcelona weren't such a wonderful city, we'd have liked to have spent more time in our room. The requested queen bed room in the back had no view but was very quiet, spacious, attractive, modern and comfortable. The location is ideal for hoofing it to all the attractions or catching the subway or even the bus to the airport, but is quiet later at night. Recommended without hesitation.Mary H, Chicago  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ScottRosenthal
<Content>EXCELLENT !!! I am in the hotel industry. I have to HIGHLY PRAISE the staff at the Apsis Atrium Palace. Everyone offered exceptional customer service. The property was beautiful ! Keep up the GREAT WORK !!!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>joyce_ch
<Content>lovely stay We splurged and booked one of the suites and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The online photos don't do justice to the space, especially the lovely rooftop terrace which has two chaise lounges, a table which had floating candles in a lovely bowl, and a hot tub. The decor was modern and had an imaginative use of color. We had two tvs and two minibars, each of which was stocked with the free water and juice each day.Breakfast is a real treat. It is hard to imagine what more they could offer. It is a huge buffet with a bacon/sausage and egg area, a regional ham and sausage and cheese area, and a pastry/yogurt/cereal/ etc area. Great variety and high quality. As one reviewer stated, yes, there really is champagne for breakfast if you are so inclined.The staff was helpful and gracious, and the opportunity for free email is great. Didn't try the spa. Only complaint was advice to visit a rather haughty French restaurant (which we left before ordering) when we had asked for a Spanish regional restaurant. Unrelated to hotel, we would suggest taking the Touristic Bus company which has two routes rather than the long one. We were stuck on the long route for far too long when we could have had more flexibility on the other line.Do stay at this hotel. English spoken well, extremely clean, and lovely.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful hotel!          Adrian Wasson in Barcelona  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DinnyKnow
<Content>A first class hotel. My wife and I have just returned from a fantastic week in Barcelona, staying at the Atrium Palace. The location of the hotel is great. Close to everything yet far enough away from the busy Ramblas and Gothic quarter.The staff were excellent and the rooms were kept spotless. In fact the whole hotel was spotless, including the pool and fitness suite. We did not eat in the hotel but the small reataurant seemed airy and relaxed. I would suggest that if you intend staying here request a room at the front which has a small balcony and great veiws.Highly reccomended.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>n1952
<Content>highly recommended Excellent hotel with some nice touches - free mineral water and fruit juice in the mini bar - a godsend after a days sightseeing. Great location - a few minutes walk from the airport bus. Helpful staff - great advice on where to eat - where to go and where to avoid at night. Spotlessly clean rooms.First class breakfast - with lots of choice. Spent 4 nights at the Atrium palace in late March - will certainly be back. If I had to find a fault it would be the rather noisy plumbing and the size of the pool  fitness area. Truthfully though this is nit picking. I think this hotel is great value.  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AKMCT
<Content>Atrium Palace is an excellent choice The Atrium Palace was a great find in Barcelona! The hotel is in an excellent location in the Eixample area, within easy walking distance to Las Ramblas, two metro stations and the Placa Catalunya. The rooms are tiny but well appointed with great showers and nice toiletries. We had a room with a balcony overlooking the Gran Via, and it was quite nice to sit outside and read a book for a while after walking around all day. The traffic on the Gran Via is quite noisy, but the room must have extra thick glass, as you could barely hear any outside noise once you closed the sliding door. The staff was superb, and every restaurant they recommended was excellent. We booked our rooms online and were able to take advantage of the $7.50E breakfast price. The buffet is very nice with both hot and cold items as well as cappuccino's etc. on request. There is also free water and juice in the room minibars which are refilled daily.We would definitely stay here again, should we return to Barcelone.  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very pleasant stay in Barcelona! We traveled to Spain for a company trade show. All our reservations were handled online. The hotel was very prompt in getting back to us by email if we had a question about our upcoming reservations. There were 18 in our party and we had 9 rooms. It was very clean and quiet. The service at the front desk was very helpful in setting up dinner arrangements and entertainment for our large group. The language barrier was not a problem. There was at least one person at the desk that spoke English every time we needed assistance with something. We were in Barcelona for 3 nights, we spent about 180 euro's a night but this included an excellent breakfast each morning. The rooms varied quite a bit in size and in view. Everything in Barcelona is tight packed. Our particular room was small but adaquite. The bathrooms were very nice and the showers excellent with plentiful hot water and water pressure. Some on the rooms had views of the street and were bigger in size, some looked at the brick wall of the building next door, some overlooked a school yard. We didn't go to Barcelona to spend time in our room so the size and view really wasn't an issue. The air conditioning worked great, for some reason the hall ways and elevators were very warm. The elevators everywhere we went were tiny. This hotel was no exception. We tight packed it into the elevator with just my husband and I and 5 pieces of luggage. These elevators were not built for wide bodied Americans!! The location was excellent for many of the sights. I'd reccommend this hotel for a pleasant but not extravagant stay in Barcelona. The use of the computers in the business center was free, everyone in our group enjoyed that feature. I never made it down to the spa or exercise area's so can't make a comment on them.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>impressive atrium palace We have just returned from a 4 night stay (April 21-25) this hotel is lovely, ultra-modern and very clean. It has a fantastic location just inside the nicer area of Eixample. The breakfast was a great offer at 50% and had absolutely everything and was well worth the full price it should have been!The only disappointment was that we didn't receive our Cava. The Bus Touristic is a great facility and the visit to the Nou Camp was the highlight of our trip. After visiting and seeing some of the dicey hotels on Las Ramblas i am so pleased i stayed at this hotel. A great city with great food!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>katybStaffordshire
<Content>atrium palace perfect little holiday hotel Booked this hotel after reading reviews on trip advisor. We were not dissapointed.The hotel is of a good standard with clean, spacious rooms. The free juice and water were a bonus as was a book all about Barcelona in the bedrooms.The spa was not any great shakes but it was nice to relax in the jacuzzi after being on your feet all day. Another tip from this website was to book direct with the hotel on their website. we saved quite a bit of money plus got breakfast for half price which was well worth it with bacon, eggs , coffee, juice and a cold selection and the most delicious little cakes. kept us going till about 3pm each dayThe staff were friendly and happy to give out advice on the city together with maps etc and the hotel was centrally located with 2 metro stations nearby.On the downside the play ground was noisy during the day until about 9pm but who wants to be in the hotel during the day or be in bed before 9pm!! The kids could not be heard with the windows closed anyway.(there were no activities played on a sunday )All in all this hotel was a real find and I would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JayAd
<Content>Lovely, comfortable hotel. Not so good Spa/Gym. Lovely, comfortable hotel. The rooms to the rear overlook a school in a courtyard, so playtimes can get a bit noisy. Staff were very helpful and friendly. We made use of the indoor pool, as we have young child, and it is rather small. If more than two people are in there it becomes uncomfortable. The jacuzzi was alright for the first five minutes, then the very strong chemicals began to sting our eyes. Not ideal. The gym left a lot to be desired. It contained 3 pieces of equipment, and only two worked. The Sauna was even worse. Hottest temp. it reached was about 65 degrees, because the cleaner kept switching it off!! However, the hotels location was great. We visited for 3 days, and there wasn't enough time to fit everything in. The Bus de Touristic is a great way to see the city. The hotel makes a great base due to it's location and the proximity of the Metro or the Tourist Bus. Quite a distance from the harbour, though. There was also a good choice at breakfast time, everything was lovely - even champagne!! Overall, if you will use the Spa/Leisure facilities then I would look elsewhere. As a base to explore the city, then the hotel cannot be faulted. Rooms were spotlessly clean and well maintained.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>3	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fekker
<Content>Great apart from the noise This hotel is a nice boutique-style hotel in a great location in the city. Only a few minutes walk from La Rambla, the hotel offers good modern accomodation and pleasant staff.However, don't be fooled by the Spa offering. This is NOT a spa hotel. The Spa features are tiny and, although, good quality, you'll feel that you're in a damp basement rather than a serene tranquil relaxation zone.Our stay was totally ruined by the location of our room which over-looked a square in the centre of the group of buildings - the square was a school playground. The air-conditioning didn't work in our room we had to sleep with the windows open. By 8am it was impossible to sleep and the noise continued all day until around 8pm (the school became a sports pitch at night). The sound of 200 kids screeming really drills into your skull after 2 days.If you do stay at this hotel, don't accept a room adjacent to the playground from hell!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Jonnyboyok
<Content>Great hotel in best location This is an excellent hotel that is clean, quiet and comfortable. The rooms are well equipped and the sound proofing first class. The buffet breakfast is top value for money and relatively cheap if booked at the time via the hotel website (half price ) The free juice and bottled water is a nice touch as is the chocolates in the evening. The 24 hour free internet access helped add to that nice touch. Overall the hotel is terrific value for money and ideally suited for those seeking somewhere quiet in a quiet area that is close to all the local ammenities. The only downside, though not everyone will agree, is that the bar and lounge area is very quiet in the evenings and closes at 12 midnight but the bar prices are amongst the cheapest in the whole of Barcelona. Excellent value for money and well worth a visit!!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfort lovers this is for you. The Atrium Palace is located on the Gran Via just blocks away from the Placa Catalunya, shopping, buses, trains and restaurants but quiet enough to get a good nights sleep. The hotel is spotless and the service is excellent. The hotel desk organized a car rental for us two blocks away which went seemlessly. The hotel has a wonderful restaurant, pool, and free internet service 24 hours a day.I would definetly stay at the Atrium Palace when I return to Barcelona. It is truly regal for the price.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SixtyDays
<Content>Very good value for money We stayed at the Atrium Palace for 3 nights at the end of February for my girlfriend's birthday. We booked directly with the hotel on their website, and requested a double room at the back on one of the upper floors, and got a room on the 4th floor overlooking the sports area at the back of the hotel. We stayed over a weekend so no problem with the noise either as the kids weren't at school. Basically the courts are used until about 9pm in the evening, but that was not a problem as we'd be out most of the time anyway. The room was clean and large enough for us. The free juice and water was a very nice touch.The best thing however is the location as well as the facilities. We paid 99 euros for a night and for this amount it is generally very difficult to get a central hotel with a swimming pool, jacuzzi and sauna. The swimming pool is small and the gym could be better equipped, but the jacuzzi and sauna were fantastic after a day's walking before going out in the evening. In a nutshell, if you can get a room at the Atrium Palace from their website for a good price I wouldn't hesitate. The location, service and facilities (including free internet access in the office/library) of the hotel were much better than we have experienced in other, more expensive hotels.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cardigan24
<Content>Spa under renovatoin at the Atrium Palace I have just returned from a weekend celebrating my boyfriend's 30th birthday at the Atrium Palace Hotel in Barcelona and we were very disappointed to learn that the sauna and jacuzzi etc. was closed. We were not told this on checkin but found out on arrival at reception in our robes! I specifially chose this 4 star hotel for it's location and facilities so I really felt we had been let down. Also the heat in the bedrooms (and halls) is unbearable. It is only about 8 degrees outside but there is no need to have full heat on in the hotel, the aircon in the bedroom did nothing but blow out more warm air! Also our Cava was not in our bedroom on arrival but arrived that night - just another little something to let me down. I did a lot of research to find a nice affordable hotel in Barcelona and used this site, unfortunately the hotel let me down and I will not be returning.I asked for a discounted rate (we paid euro 155 per night) because the facilities were not available to us but they refused.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Smokey-Smudge
<Content>Great hotel - recommended We stayed here for 2 nights at the beginning of December for my husband's 30th. We booked direct with the hotel, requested a double room at the front on one of the upper floors, and got all of our requests. The room was clean, big enough, with free juice and water, and the hotel is in a fantastic location - it's only 10 minutes walk from where the Ryanair bus from Girona drops you, and a few blocks from the Ramblas. Good tapas bars nearby, which the hotel staff recommended.We had to ask a couple of times for the complimentary Cava for my husband's birthday, but staff were very apologetic and brought it up. We didn't get a chance to use the pool - so much to do in Barcelona in a weekend! I thought the hotel was great value in such a good location and would definitely go back.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Algarvebird
<Content>Loved the Atrium Palace We have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Apsis Atrium Palace and felt that we had to share our views so that everyone can have a great time in Barcelona.The situation of the hotel is perfect and we walked everywhere - Las Ramblas, Latin Quarter, Gaudi Buildings and even the beach.We had asked for a nice room for our wedding anniversary and we were very pleased to be given a room on the 5th floor with views over the Gran Via. The room was very modern and clean, there was no road noise when the windows were closed so we enjoyed a good nights sleep.The staff could not be more helpful and were able to recommend good restaurants (this is essential with about 2000 to choose from).The icing on the cake was the breakfast which we got at a 50% discount. The kitchen is open so you can see the cooking - great sausages and bacon, nice cakes and pastries too. We even took advantage of the champagne that was cooling in the ice bucket. (Well it would have been a shame not to)!!!We will definitely be returning to this lovely hotel soon.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MPL
<Content>Lovely central hotel We have just returned from a week-end break to Barcelona. The Atrium Palace is a really lovely hotel. Its extremely central for the shops and all the sightseeing. The rooms are fairly large and spacious and very bright and modern. It is just 2 minutes walk to La Rambla which leads down to the sea and the main shops are all within yards of the hotel.Book your breakfast direct with the hotel on booking as they are doing a special for half price and its well worth it. Loads of variety including fruits, cereals, cold meats and cheeses, pastries and the usual cooked breakfast which was of a good variety (even had chips).The pool area was fairly small but large enought for a quick dip in the morning. I was the only person in the pool. You need to ask for the sauna to be turned on at reception if yuo want one.I would certainly recommend this hotel and would use it again if we ever go back to Barcelona.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vossvol
<Content>Great stay Stayed in Apsis Atrium in January and enjoyed it very much. Upon arrival we were upgraded to a suite on top floor. So we had two rooms and a wonderful bath with jacuzzi. In addition the suite had a a huge terrace overlooking the town. Service could have been a bit friendlier, especally room service. Pool and SPA area is very small but big enough for a short relax after shopping. If I would stay there again I would definitely take a suite.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cyndtan
<Content>great hotel! We stayed here in January 2005 and loved it. The rooms are clean, modern and spacious. What a great location too. Free use of the office room with computers, internet access, printers, etc. came in handy. Our friends who were staying at another hotel wished they could switch when they saw our room.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>i have found a home from home I have found a home from home, ibis leeds centre is one of the friendliest hotels i have ever stayed in, you are always greeted with a smile, i have stayed here 4 times now and the team already recognise my face and always say hello mr......The rooms are great, the hotel has been open since august 2004, and the quality is still the same, brand new! queen size bed with an ensuite power shower........no request is too much here the team are 24 hours and always help no matter what......Breakfast is great i stay in ibis regularly, but this one is great they do cooked breakfast too!The bar is open with a lovely atmosphere, if im in a quiet mood i can just sit and have my excellent meal bought to my table, or if its a sports night sit and watch my favourite team.........my home from home is always going to be ibis from now on!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awsome!!!! We just stayed here for 10 nights in January 2005, and loved it. The staff was very friendly, the location was awsome, and the room was very spacious and modern. The wirless internet in the room was deffinatly a plus. The breakfeast buffet had a huge selection, and was very good. The only downside is that the fitness room is very basic, and the pool is quite small. We look forward to going back somday soon.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ender99
<Content>Very Good My wife and I stayed for four nights in mid-December and really enjoyed it. Professional, English speaking staff, GREAT location, and good sized rooms. Unlike the other reviewer who did not get the cava, we did -- a very nice touch. They also replaced the water and juice every day, and since this was free, another very nice touch.Good downstairs bar and the breakfeast was excellent -- we stayed all over spain and even in some paradors, this breakfeast was by far the best (they actually cooked the eggs and the bacon as opposed to boiling it).We had problems with the a/c but simply opened the window, which looked out onto a playground. I think this bothered previous reviewers, but we thougt it was a neat slice of life to watch -- and listen -- to the spanish children playing. Would definitely stay here again and recommend it to others as well...  
<Date>Jan 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>helen
<Content>great central hotel just returned yesterday the 11 jan we had a great time.hotel was very clean staff were very friendly,the facilities were great, free water and orange jiuce every day from the mini bar in room.the only thing you do not get a kettle in your room if i go again i will take 1 for when you wake in the mornings.breakfast was nice needs beans though.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not as I expected Nice modern hotel and in a good position. I would say that the hotel is small but excellent. However had no feeling of warmth from the reception who would not even look up from their computer when we come in or go out. Another negative aspect was that we booked the anniversary package which consisted of a bottle of cava champagne in room. Since it was really our anniversary we were really disappointed that we never actually found any champagne in our room and I felt quite embarrased to actually ask for it at reception so we stayed without! We did find 2 free small bottles of water, 2 bottles of fizzy water and 2 bottles of juice when we arrived. This was meant for our whole stay of 3 nights as they were never replaced. Also for the bath accessories, we had 3 bathgels etc on arrival and these were never replaced. Breakfast however was really good and really worth it especially for the special halfprice if you book through internet.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>juanvaldez123
<Content>Great location but warm/noisy room I agree with the reviews that this is a beautiful hotel in a great location. However, I also agree with the reviewer who stated that his room was very warm. I have the same predicament.I was talking to a housekeeper about this and she mentioned that rooms on the second floor all tend to be warm for some reason. I suspect it is due to the kitchen below from the hotel restaurant.During winter months, the air conditioning is turned off, so the thermostat really does nothing but blow warm air, regardless of the temperature that is set, and it is difficult to leave the balcony door open because of the traffic noise below on Gran Via.One other very annoying thing is that when people upstairs flush their toilet, you can hear the rush of water above you. I think this is because the pipe runs right over my room - I am not sure if this is symptomatic of all rooms.If I were to do this hotel again, I would get a room on the backside of the hotel, on the top floor, if possible.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2004
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SC212
<Content>almost want to keep it a secret We booked early and got a terrific deal here -- 99 Euros a night in November. I was very impressed by the style, the friendly staff, and the amenities. The little office area with free Net access was great! Our balcony was a sunny surprise. And for a cold-weather visit, the indoor pool  sauna is a nice plus. Best of all, this hotel is perfectly located, on the edge of the Eixample, walking distance from great Gaudi to the north (5 minutes), and from the cheaper, hipper restaurants in El Born to the south (20 minutes). Queen rooms face an open, lively schoolyard in the back, but windows are thick. (Bring earplugs if you're especially sensitive -- I personally enjoyed the faint sounds of kids playing.) King/twin rooms face a large boulevard in the front, but again windows should help. Enjoy your stay!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel Well positioned hotel. Easy stroll to Plaza de Catalunya for Metro station and sight seeing buses. Plaza de Catalunya is also the start of the famous La Ramblas. For the best price book direct with the hotel's own web site: ------------If you book online you can get breakfast half price. It's buffet style, so you can eat as much as you like (currently 7.5 Euros) and there's everything you could want. Be sure to check the rate, however, as the waiter in the breakfast restaurant asked me to sign in and the receipt showed the full price, not the special half price rate. The rooms are a little hot in the winter months because they switch off the air con, as mentioned in other postings, but they are by no means unbearable. They're well appointed too. I've been staying at hotels for 30 years and I've never before seen one where they provide a toothbrush and razor in each bathroom just in case you've left your's behind. Slippers and bathrobes are also included.The pool is small and not suitable for a competitive swimmer. nine strokes from one end to the other but nice for cooling off. The staff are friendly and helpful and I have no hesitation in recommending the place. This is my fourth trip to Barcelona but the first time staying here. I would stay here again if I return.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ireland3
<Content>Great location We stayed in this hotel for three nights in August 04. It is a lovely hotel. We did not use the pool so I cannot comment. The restaurants in Barcelona close on a Sunday night (most of them, not all) and also for the Month of August. I would not recommend going to Barcelona in the middle of the summer. It is a very busy city and with the heat it makes it more difficult. The hotels location is great, just two minutes of Passeig De Gracia and a few minutes from Place De La Cataluna, the Ramblas etc. We got the hotel for around 鈧?00 per night and half price breakfast when booked on the internet. This was well worth it. The rooms were a very good size and the bathrooms also. Very modern rooms with wooden floors.I would not have any faults with the hotel except for the lack of restaurant. The reception and housekeeping staff were very friendly and helpful. I would certainly stay in this hotel and would definetly recommend it.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jackielancs
<Content>I want to live in Barcelona! My boyfriend and I have just returned from this hotel, after spending 3 nights there at the beginning of November 04. It was great!The best advice I can give is to look at the hotels own website - it provides pictures and a description of the hotel and to be honest its completely accurate. The rooms are great - very clean and very modern. Unfortunately, we had a room which backs onto the childrens playground (as mentioned in a previous posting). The only problem with this is that the view wasnt very good! As for noise - you can hardly hear a thing! Dont let it put you off booking the hotel at all! The pool, sauna, jacuzzi and gym are in the basement of the hotel. As previously described the pool isnt very big (Id guess about 15metres). However, after a long day walking around the city - its fantastic! If you're planning on training for the olympic swimming squad, it wont be your cup of tea, however if all you want is a quick dip and to relax for an hour, then it'll do the job just fine. When we used it, nobody else was in the whole of the basement, so we had it to ourselves! The breakfast offered by the hotel is fab! Loads to choose from - the usual fried breakfast, cereal, toast, croissants, fresh fruit, yoghurt, cheese and ham. Definately worth opting for the breakfast when you book. The location of the hotel is perfect. Its at the top of the Ramblas, but off the main street, so there is no problem with noise. The staff are really helpful and give you lots of info when you arrive such as a city map, info re excursions and sights etc. They'll also recommend restaurants if you ask. Anyway, overall the hotel is great. We'll definately be back soon! As for Barcelona as a city, the only word is FANTASTIC! Its our new favourite destination for a city break!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My New Favorite Hotel in Barcelona I'm glad I took a chance and stayed at this hotel. I was attending a conference at the Ritz but my company would have freaked if I turned in an expense report from there - besides, the Ritz is a little moldy at this point (except for the bar - awesome but incredibly expensive). Atrium Palace staff were uniformly well trained, very helpful/friendly without being smarmy. Room was spotless, completely quiet (and I had a room facing the school playground), very hip in its design (from the Grohe fixtures to the floor-to-ceiling marble in the bathroom), the wood floors (OK they're Pergo, but that keeps it clean and it still looks great), very comfortable Queen bed with a super-thick fleece blanket and down duvet, crisp new sheets, very useful desk for getting work done, and high speed Internet (ignore the warnings from the Concierge - it's not that expensive).Location was perfect - 5 minute walk to the Gothic Quarter, 1 minute to the Ritz bar, opens onto the Gran Via for strolling or jogging, 2 minutes from Gracia for shopping, 1 block from neighborhood bars and patisseries for breakfast or a snacks.The hotel Restaurant/Cafe/Bar was clean, hip, great staff, very convenient, very good food and drinks. Will I stay here again - absolutely!One thought regarding the vacationer from Dublin who was bothered by the distant muffled sound of children - you need more than a vacation. And, if the noise bothers you, just close the window, or get out of bed by 8:30 in the morning - it's Barcelona, what are you doing hiding out in your room?  
<Date>Nov 4, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>anonrockville
<Content>Excellent hotel  Spent 4 nights here a week ago. Excellent, contemporary style hotel in great location near Pl. de Catalunya. Very helpful front desk staff. Our room wasn't huge but was adequate size. Nice bathroom w/ tub/shower. Did not eat breakfast in hotel so can't comment. Free Internet access in the hotel's small business center. Many restaurants and upscale shops nearby. At 123 Euro, I thought this hotel was a bargain.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HotToTrot123
<Content>Top Hotel in Top City The Atrium was recommended to my wife and I by a friend of ours. We booked a 3 night stay during Sept. of 2004 and found the price very reasonable.Upon arriving were happily surprsied, the hotel is in a prime location, 2 minutes from Playa De Catalunya and very modern.Rooms are a decent size and the staff at reception were very helpful in organising sight seeing trips etc..We found the Atrium Palace to be a joy to stay at, so much so we have just booked with the hotel to return in November.Well recommended without a doubt.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best deal for this hotel Have just booked this hotel and hope it lives up to expectations. Have always stayed at the Jardi before but now find the price is not so competative, and if you get the wrong room it can be awful. I booked on a web-site but then found that booking direct with the hotel on it's web-site I got a better deal because the pre-booked breakfast rate is 50% off 7.50 euros instead of 15E.The 3 night deal seems to work out not much more than 2star rates so hope it lives up to it's 4 star superior rating. I think the pool however small will be welcome after a long days sightseeing, just hope the rooms are not too small.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Recent stay at Barcelona (July 2004) The bus service from the airport to Placa de Catalunya is excellent if you are staying at the Apsis Atrium Palace. Get off the bus in the square and head due north (I used a compass), cross a couple of busy roads, turn right and you will be there in 10 minutes. The fare was 3.75 Euros each, but beware of being ripped off by the driver, I was, my change was 10 Euros short!The hotel is fine, good value for money, and in an excellent location for sightseeing, shopping and dining. We had a room without a view which was disappointing but our friends were given a 4th floor room with balcony. The room facilities and air conditioning were good.We didn't use the hotel for breakfast. We took the advice of other reviewers and got an adequate breakfast in a local cafe for about 4 Euros each.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel Recently spent a week in this hotel and was extremely pleased! was a little aprehensive after reading earlier reviews however am so glad i did not cancel my booking. The rooms were great, modern and clean. The extra touches such as the free water and soft drinks, bathrobes and slippers made my stay even better. The bathrooms were very nice too, spacious and chic all in marble, with an excellent power shower. Hotel location could not be better.Me and my partner had a balcony room on the 4th floor, balcony rooms are smaller however the size of the room was more than ample. Our room was right at the front of the hotel and our balcony was out on the main road which was extremely busy however once the balcony doors were shut the noise was blocked out! Our air conditioning was excellent, infact one morning i woke up that cold i had to turn it down, very good considering it was the middle of july and about 32 degrees outside! So if there were problems with this as previous reviewers have mentioned it has been rectified! What can i say about the basement floor other that brilliant! the pool, although small was very refreshing and looked great as lights were underneath the pool (these changed colour creating a relaxing and luxurious atmosphere) the jacuzzi was great and as it was open from 7am-midnight i definately recomment that you experience it! Although i did not use the sauna and gym they looked very nice.The hotel staff were extremely friendly and helpful. We did not stay in the hotel restaraunt as i thought it to be a little overpriced so i cannot comment however it looked nice. You are spoilt for choice for restaraunts in barcelona, if you are unsure where to go the hotel provides an excellent book in your room which gives you info on all the restaraunts as well as places of interest.All in all i had an excellent holiday and this hotel was a major factor in this. i would definately stay again!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really pleased!! Just got back from Barcelona today after staying at tha Atrium Palace. I felt I needed to write a review, because Id previously read bad reviews and nearly cancelled my reservation. I was first of all really impressed with the staff on reception...very polite and extremeley helpful. We were given a room on the first floor, no view apart from a brick wall, but that did not bother me at all. Im not staying in my room long enough to be bothered about that!! The room was just as Id seen on the net, modern , nice size and spotless. Would definately stay there again, fab location too. Perfect in my opinion, for a very reasonably priced hotel!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SmileySid
<Content>Ideal place to stay.....a great deal for a great location. My hubby and I stayed at the Atrium Palace during our trip to Barcelona to celebrate our 10th Wedding anniversary (last week).Having spent hours on the net and particularly this site, we booked this hotel and were very pleased with it. We booked last minute through the hotel's own site (about a week before travel) and got a great rate - 110 euros per night for 3 nights - exc. breakfast (15 euros pppn - too expensive!).The general ambience of the hotel is quite elegant - although not oppulent and flashy.Given our celebration I would have liked it to have been a bit more grand and flashy perhaps - however, for that I think that I would be looking at possibly triple the room rate.The best aspects of this hotel were:- its location - 5 mins from Place de Catalunya. We got the Aerobus from the airport (3.45 euros) and easily found the hotel. Its close to the BusTuristic stops and to the metro, 10 mins walk to Las Ramblas and 5 mins from the heart of all the shopping! - the friendliness of the staff - very welcoming and helpful with storing our bags for late departure, maps etc.The room cleanliness and facilities - free use of safe, free water and juices, ironing board in room, extra pillows, even another (quite funky glass) hand basin in the sitting area. (a/c was fine and the kids playground didn't bother us on the third floor). The cleanliness extended to all areas.If we had any gripes it would be that the bed was very hard (and we are used to hard beds!) and the rooms are smaller than we expected having seen the pictures on the web sites. However given that we probably only spent 3 or 4 waking hours in the room during our whole trip, we didn't really need a great deal of room. In fact - we actually had a comp. bottle of Cava on the house for our celebration - and we didn't get a chance to have it - as we were not in the hotel for long enough! - They gave it to us to take home though!Had read a recommendation on this site about the 9th Floor resturant/cafe at El Cortes Ingles and thought we must have been mad to be heading up there on our arrival when it was 35 degrees C outside. When we got there the view of the central square was fab - and the food was good too! - for the price.Also a great restuarant on Placa Reial (just of Las Ramblas) - La Quinze Nits (in our AA guide). Three course plus coffee - for two - with drinks - 40 euros. - Excellent.We thouroughly enjoyed our trip to Barcelona and would definitely recommend this hotel - especially for the price.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So good we're going back soon Didn't know where to stay in Barcelona so found this site and went with the recomendations. Stayed here for a long weekend June 2004 to celebrate wifes' birthday. Hotel was outstanding and staff so helpful, even supplied a complementary bottle of fiz. Reception were always willing to give great suggestions for places to eat (if you like fish you are in for a real treat!!!). Shops, including designer names if you want, all within 2-5 minutes walk. Oh! and La Rambas about 5 mins walk (don't miss it if you like street entertainers). Only draw back was indoor pool, more like a big bath!!! Still, am going back their soon. Hope you enjoy as much as we did.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Apsis Atrium Palace great! We just got back from a visit to Barcelona May 11 and 12th-then we went on to drive up the coast through the Costa Brava into France. This hotel had a super location, friendly staff who helped us in English fluently, comfortable rooms. Our room was at the back so nice and quiet with a balcony. The breakfast was very nice though you could get something cheaper but on the day we left it suited us to have a nice buffet. We would definitely recommend it!  
<Date>May 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Forget the bad reviews Stayed here for one week in middle of May 2004. All staff extremely friendly and courteous. We were advised that the hotel had been refurbished in the last 12 months and it showed. Everything was new and well maintained. The variety of food at breakfast was excellent and well presented. With regard to the noise complained of by previous guests, it was not a problem for us. Maybe because we were on the sixth floor we did not hear a great deal. But the children playing were not there every night and when they were it finished by 10.30 p.m. In any case, we could block out the noise by closing the double glazed window. The only criticism of the whole week was the scrambled egg was poor and there was no alternative e.g. fried egg. The hotel was very central for sightseeing. We would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>May 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Balabosha
<Content>Absolutely perfect Just got back from a 5 night stay at the Atrium Palace and was highly pleased. The hotel is very well located, the service is excellent, especially since I got very sick and never did get to see Barcelona, but the staff was extremely helpful. The rooms are very good. I had originally reserved a non smoking room but since they are on the 2nd floor, there would be a lot of noise from the street and the back rooms are smaller and no view. We were then given a 6th floor room facing the Gran Via. No noise could be heard from the heavy traffic below, the room was spacious, and the bathroom was very well appointed.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lorelei3
<Content>Great location but hot and noisy Great location near Catalunya Square and smarter Eixample area.Hotel spotless and staff most helpful.Very hot rooms, could not control temperature properly and noisy laminate flooring.Could hear music and noise from other rooms until early hours.Very hard beds !Avoid expensive breakfast, many local cafes do fresh croissant and coffee for 1.60  
<Date>Apr 17, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nzzVGtTm
<Content>Don't go there... We recently stayed at the Atrium Palace. The temperature in our room was unbearably hot the whole duration of our stay. It was like a sauna, even with the windows wide open. We complained in writing but the management wasn't interested. The rooms have switched individual controls for heating or cooling but as they had disconnected the cooling/air conditioning, all one could do was make a hot room even hotter. As the Atrium Palace fronts onto a busy 6 lane highway we had to put up with the road noise, sirens  polution in an endeavour to get some relief. Most unpleasant - don't go there...  
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel - Great Location!!!! This was a great hotel in a fantastic location, close to all key areas including Las Ramblas, and the Gothic Quarter. Just a point of note- breakfast is 17Euro plus 7% Tax - you can have an excellent breakfast in a nearby cafe for 3Euro. This proved to be a fantastic base to explore this beautiful city. I would also suggest that visitor take the tourist bus - there is so much to see and do, plus this offers discount vouchers in museums, galleries and the Sagrada Familia ( which is an absolute must!!).  
<Date>Mar 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Break Some of the comments I have read on here I agree with others I dont. First the hotel staff and the accomodation were excellent staff very friendly and always helpful. Rooms are spotless and are cleaned to a very high standard everyday. Breakfast I would agree is a little on the expensive side at 15 Euros each. Yes there is plenty and its fine, we eat there once and then tried a small down the road and had coffee and rolls for 4.5 euros each, quite a bit of differance. This kind of holiday you need to have a rest now and again and so more coffee and cakes at about 12.00 go down pretty well! The coach from the airport drops you off close to the hotel, they say its 450 metres but in my opinion its more like 800. Which is fine as long as you go in the right direction when you get off the coach! Look down the road you will see a massive roundabout you need to turn RIGHT as you look at it. The hotel is then on the other side of this road its just past the RITZ hotel. If you ask directions ask for the RITZ as it is more well known not many taxi drivers seemed to know it, probably because it has only recently re-opened. We were also at the back of the hotel on the top floor (the rooms on the top floor are smaller but they have a balcony instead, quite large and its really sunny in the morning) Yes it does overlook a large courtyard where they play handball, basketball etc and there is a school with a playground which is amazingly on a rooftop! But the noise didnt bother us at all. The playtimes are during the day, when you are out, the sport goes on until 9.00 at night, also out!!! So the only time we heard it was about 6.00 in the evening when we came back to shower and change. Another tip is the drinks in the mini bar in the rooms are pretty cheap we had two small bottles of wine a brandy and a vodka for 8 euros, and all the soft non fizzy drinks are free. The hotel bar is very cheap although its not that exciting! There is a safe in the rooms (free of charge) and they are excellent suggest you use that, also ironing facilities. The bathroom and shower facilities are top class. Also they have 2 internet terminals in a quiet room (with a free coffee machine!) and you can use the internet for free, its on broadband and works very well. There are TV's in the room with lots of pay per view stuff, the free channels are VERY boring, with only CNN, BBC WORLD NEWS and EUROSPORT that are in English. You have to visit the rambles during the evening as a visit would not be a visit without going there, but the resturants in this area are pretty poor, and they will rip you off ALWAYS check your bill. If you go out of the area you will find better, here is a comparsion one vodka and orange and a beer in two irish bars on the rambles was 12 euros and 14 euros! Two Spanish brandy and coke and three glasses of white wine in a sidestreet near the hotel was 9 euros! How do you work that out! Tip for a resturant and it is EXCELLENT was El Rodizio its 403 Consell de Cent and that road is out of the hotel staight across the road go up two blocks and turn right, its about 500 yards. All you can eat for 12 Euros each, but the food is per excellence! The meat is cooked on skewers and is perfect. All in all I would use the hotel again it is very good indeed, hope some of these tips helps you enjoy your stay.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just fine.... A little unsure as we booked this sometime ago and then the reviews became varied. Its warm - so open the windows. The location is superb - just around the corner from the Playa de La Catalyuna. The staff are very friendly - where did that Spanish guy on reception get Scottish English from? The breakfast is excellent. And what a city! If you're there for a weekend, get a two day pass on either open top bus - tour on Day 1 and get off and look more carefully on Day 2. And wear lots of gear - as in February, it ain't warm!David Herbert  
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sandra Arjona
<Content>Absolutely Superb facility! We stayed at the Atrium Palace in August last year. As I formerly lived in Barcelona for many years, I was looking for a hotel centrally located, with excellent accomodations etc. Beyond a doubt, this hotel was magnificent and far exceeded our expectations. The design is modern, understated yet very elegant. The bathrooms are exceptionsal - marble, and with toiletries, bathrobes, slippers, towels galore - you could spend hours pampering yourself here.The Business Center is a big plus for travelers and very much appreciated by me.The restaurant was also excellent. Our actual room was extremely elegant - wonderful color scheme, comfortable bed and with a view of Tibidabo.The staff were all very professional, friendly and most helpful. I never got around to sending this last year, so shame on me. I am planning a trip to Barcelona very soon and hope to stay at this gem of a gem hotel in my favorite city. Truely, staying here was such a pleasure and the highlight of our trip last yr.Kudos to all concerned and keep up the good work.Sandra K. Arjona, M.L.S.Pittsburgh, PA  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best small boutique hotel in BCN I travel way too much for business, and then every chance I get for pleasure, so I know hotels pretty well.. I stumbled upon the Atrium as a result of a connection through one of the guys I work with in Madrid. As I had never heard of it, i was a bit hesistant, yet after the 1st time, i swear by it, and stay here every time im in BCN, which is at least once a month.The design is very modern (minimalist, yet comfortable), service is fantastic, and the many little extra touches which just make the stay more pleasant.. (free juice and water in the minibar instead of costing 5 euros, box of toiletries with bath salts, shampoos, etc, free internet access in stocked business lounge, etc)The hotel is extremely centrally located, and although away from the hordes and tourist traps of las ramblas, is only a 5 minute walk, should you want to head over there.Was reading some of the reviews below, and have no idea how someone could criticize.. I love this place!Enjoy the stay!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good Hotel, excellent location We stayed there for 4 nights recently. I booked direct with them on the internet and confirmation was immediate. A few days before we were due to arrive, the hotel sent an email with lots of internet links to tourist information web sites - so at least we knew they were expecting us! The hotel is excellently located just round the corner from Placa Catalunya. Easy to get to from the airport - both the train and the airport bus get you to the Placa catalunya. Our room was fairly large, nicely decorated in a modern style, as was the marble bathroom, and the bed comfortable (we like hard beds). The room was at the back of the hotel, and although I note another reviewer thought the school playground nearby was noisy, we found it fairly quiet and would prefer this to traffic noise all night long. The spa area was a little disappointing, although only due to the small size of the pool, but the gym looked reasonably equipped.Breakfast looked a bit pricey at 15 each, so we decided to eat breakfast round the corner at a very nice small cafe - 4 each for freshly squeezed orange juice, cappacino, and a croissant.The hotel is excellently located for walking to the main sights, and Placa Catalunya is the main hub for the metro and buses when feet are tired.Our limited dealings with the staff did convey the impression that they were very helpful. Going in a quiet season as we did might have meant that the hotel wasn't as busy as at other times - ie corridors were quiet at night - but we can only say as we found! We would certainly return.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TrishaOBrien345
<Content>Think twice if you want a break from the kids! Myself and my husband recently spent three nights at the Apsis Atrium in Barcelona. While the hotel is 4 star it fell down in two areas. First as parents of three noisy teenage boys we were looking forward to a break from the normal noisy teenage household- unfortunately this hotel backs onto both a nursery and a 2nd level school with the sports area backing onto the rooms at the rear of the hotel. While we were impressed by the amount of sporting activities enjoyed by Spanish children/teenagers - unfortunately the accompanying racket went on from 8.30 am to 9.00pm (adults appeared to use the facilities in the evening.) One other area which could be improved upon. This hotel has a delightful leisure area -tiny swimming pool with jacuzzi -however there was a rim of scum around the jacuzzi and also an overwhelming smell of bad drainage throughout the leisure area. Staff however were great, also the buffet breakfast was excellent.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great! I liked too much the Atrium Palace Hotel. The rooms, facilities and people was cool!Also, it's modern and beautiful. :-)AAAAA++++++  
<Date>Feb 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst hotel I have stayed in............in the world! I foolishly ignored the comments from the TripAdvisor User from Edmonton, Alberta. Their comments where 100% correct. Our room was incredibly hot which they could do nothing about. We where harassed by a drunk, a stag group kept us awake most of the night. When we complained they where not interested and totally ignorant. I had booked for 3 nights, we left after the first at 7.00 am in the morning. Couldn't wait to get out of that hell hole. We went to a 3 star hotel near by and had a pleasant stay there. Maybe some other visitors got lucky, it is not worth taking the chance.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2004
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible Stay-Apsis Atrium Palace From the outside this hotel sure shows impressive. The service on the other hand is pathetic! My wife and I chose to stay at this hotel before a long flight back to Canada and wanted a time to relax from our vacation in Europe before retunring home.We stopped in at the hotel at 9AM to drop off our luggage so we could tour the city and check in later. We returned to the hotel around 5PM, our luggage hadn't been put in our room, nor could anyoune find the bellboy to fetch our luggage. We were trying to meet some friends for dinner and waited nearly 1 hour before our luggage truned up.Once in the room, yeah I guess it looked nice, but even during the winter having a room at 26 Celcius is darn hot. We were informed the air conditioner had been shut off for the season, but they couldn't explain why the room was so hot.Meanwhile out in the hallway there were two kids playing ball, keep in mind the hotel is fitted with laminate flooring which is very very loud and noise is amplified 5x.I booked our wake up call on the tv/computer for 5AM so we didn't forget when we returned from dinner. When we got back to the hotel at midnight I double checked our wake up call, to find out the computer was down, I'm sure glad I checked our we'd have missed our flight. I booked a telephone wake up call, having seen the service of the hotel thus far I didn't sleep.During the night the room got hotter and hotter to the point I had to get a wet towel for my wife any myself to cover ourselves in our bed to cool the sweat, meanwhile with the window wide open we couldn't cool it at all.At nearly 4AM to men had a fist fight in the hallway, yelling and screaming at each other.At nearly 180 euros per night, my wife an I were infuriated to recieve such oversight, unprofessional service, and terrible facilites.Could this be a one time incident? Well I contacted their manager who didn't seem to believe me. He kept justifying to himself that I don't know how that happened... but we believe you. Yeah right, you think I want a 50 euro discount on my next stay! HA!Take your chances, all I can say is there are many many nice hotels in the area I'd try first.PS-Loved the city, we didn't want to leave.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One or the best recently opened   showReview(1527070, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LyonZ
<Content>Good location, Modern Design, Great Breakfast   showReview(1525509, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 20, 2003
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>could not be better!   showReview(1491561, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ocotber 31st 2003   showReview(1436037, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Keep away!   showReview(1423419, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel   showReview(1388077, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SeattleJC
<Content>Superb in every way   showReview(1372492, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Atrium Palace   showReview(1154851, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good one   showReview(1131006, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ronpapa
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈傜逗楹椼仹渚垮埄銇с仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19494465, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bebida
<Content>Vraiment super!!!       r茅ception  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>camera spaziosa   showReview(19646472, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima location per muoversi a...   showReview(17240755, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>fab75973
<Content>Tres bon Hotel, Propre, Confortable, Staff parlant anglais et un peu le Francais   showReview(14514010, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lasko
<Content>Ein tolles Hotel mit Komfort, nur zu empfehlen   showReview(7349607, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hoteleinrichtungen wie...   showReview(11410783, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ein Hotel mit einem sehr guten...   showReview(11410784, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 17, 2003
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

