<Author>Heiditaylor
<Content>Noisy but cheap I always travel to San Francisco in early December and thought this year I should watch my money. Well, this Travelodge was conveniently located, so thought, even though I had not seen it to give it a try. It was a very small room. The bedspread had many burn holes in it, even though it was a non smoking room. It was noisy, partly due to location. If you like cheap. This is the place. The free continental breakfast was more than I expected though.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	3	3	

<Author>mattrob30
<Content>Since everything was said about bedbugs at that hotel... We got, too, bedbugs at that place. I concur with other posters, management is not very cooperating into resolving the matter. Getting one incident is concerning for a hotel manager, but as many as mentionned in that forum shows lack of customer service. But i have tools for the (poor) folks that runned into the same trouble: look at Wikipedia as they have good tips into removing the bugs from you luggage. If your from Canada or northern countries: keep your luggages outside for a while (freeze kills the bugs) or do like we did: wash everything in hot water then dry for at least half an hour and you will get it out. Oh and by the way, we are still waiting for reimbursement of our stay as promised from the hotel...I do not count on it... Cheers!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>waynelet
<Content>awful crackhead dump If you are a hopeless junkie and like to spend your vacation with Jerry Springer participants then this is the ideal vacation spot for you. All others I strongly recommend STAY AWAY from this place. Ok, its fairly cheap on weekdays about $65, and as far a San Fransisco goes its quite economical, but can be an unbelievable $130 per night for a room at weekends. However, in the room we stayed you would be hesitant to keep farm animals. The bed covers were more cigarette holes than bed cover, the inner sheets also, the windows dont lock so that anyone can reach around and open the door, there's not even headboards so you rest your head against the depressingly yellow walls and the divan cases are zipped up inside a sealed plastic sheet, probably to lock in the swarming bed bugs, yes I said BED BUGS !! which kept us company for the night in both beds. If the sharps box in the bathroom hasn't already given it away, then look out the bathroom window and you are greeted with the majestic sight of a narrow alley littered with junkies needles and equipment. By the way there's no air-con so can be stifling in the tiny cramped rooms in summer. Lastly if that doesnt keep you awake the ancient hot water pipes banging like a salvation army drum everytime one of your neighbours turns on a tap surely will. We were booked in for 2 mights but couldnt risk our lives for a second night and had to check out and go elsewhere. Found a nice ramada on the corner of buchanan and lombard street for $$140. The extra $10 well worth it, roomy, clean, safe, nearer the attractions and you're not sharing it with the local wildlife.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	3	2	

<Author>kiwidebs
<Content>Surprise - Bed Bugs !!!!!!!! If you enjoy being bitten all night by bed bugs then stay here! I investigated the bug I found on me at 3am on the internet to discover that BED BUGS were real. I never believed the stories on reviews about them, until I experienced it. I actually saw this strange flat brown bug walking across the table before I went to bed, and never thought more about it, but found out on the net later that this was actually the adult form of the bed bug. The noise at this place is horrible too, and the area feels extremely unsafe, with drug addicts and drunks walking around. Our car did survive the experience in their parking lot (surprisingly). I was third in line to check out, and the third one that was making a complaint. I did receive a full refund.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	3	

<Author>WildBuh
<Content>Bed bugs BED BUGS, BED BUGS, BED BUGS. Do not stay here. Waking up with one of these things crawling across my stomach was the worst hotel experience I've ever had. The rusty towel rack, rotting door and nasty carpet aren't even worth mentioning. If you read this and stay there, you're crazy. I stupidly checked this hotel's ratings on another site which didn't mention BED BUGS so I thought it was ok. I should have searched Trip Advisor. Lesson learned.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	3	3	2	

<Author>binquasi
<Content>WARNING bedbugs bedbugs bedbugs - stay away I am a german visitor and i stood (unfortunately) there for only one night. My recommendation to you is... avoid this hotel if possible !!!Make a big circle around this hotel except beeing a fan of bites from bedbugs !!! I have many of them !!!By the way... Things you WON麓T find there:- a guarded parking place or even a parking place - a helpful staff- a quiet neighbourhood- a relaxed night- a SAFE districtand so on ...  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>tara-on-the-move
<Content>Bed Bugs       the bugs in question  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>delgadoe
<Content>INFESTED WITH BED BUGS! do not stay here This hotel is the most disgusting place I've ever stayed at. It's infested with bed bugs. We had to go to the emergency room becasue the bites were so horrible. over 60 bites over my body, and the scars that are going to be left behind. Oh and these bugs do travel back home with you, so be prepared to deal with that nonsense after you think you got away from it. The management is unprofessional, rude and unethical. I cant believe they charge what they charge for this fle bag hotel. Lets not forget to mention the box in the bathroom for used needels. DO NOT STAY HERE I dont understand how they are still in business.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>peer2008
<Content>bedbugs/Bettwanzen       dead bedbugs  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	-1	2	

<Author>tlaps
<Content>BED BUGS!!! We were trying to get out of San Francisco for the second time, when we saw the hotel. To our relief there was a room available. I went online to see what the review for the hotel was cause the place at a second look seemed run down. We had a roof rack on the car and I didn't like the look of the neighborhood. It was late at night and we had our 15 month old child with us, so driving didn't seem much of an option, at 11 at night. I went online to see the big red flag of bed bugs! We looked through the sheets, under the mattress even though we both hadn't seen a bed bug before, we thankfully didn't see any bugs at all. We got ready for bed and there it was a bug crawling up the wall. I immediately googled it after my husband killed it, and it was a bed bug! My husband went directly to management to say we were leaving and the clerk said he would deduct 19 dollars off our stay if we stayed in the room. No Thank You! How can a hotel that knows that it has bed bugs keep open? Shouldn't it be shut down? We shook out all of our belongings cause if a bed bug gets into your home, your home is infested as well. Bed bugs are hard to get rid of. Someone I know had to burn all of his furniture when they got infested.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>professionalwoman
<Content>Bed Bugs Warning Bed Bugs!The Travelodge is located in a pretty convenient location to Castro St. and not far from Union Square. It seems to be sold out each night and nice cars are always parked in the parking lot. Do not let be fooled by any out word appearances this hotel is not safe!!! If you can get over the fact that each room has a needle or syringe dispenser located in the bathroom, the maids carry containers of used needles on there cleaning carts, the carpet is dirty, and the inside of the room is quiet ugly this might be the perfect hotel for you. Did I mention my girl friend got bed bugs from staying here? Yes, actual bed bugs. If you would like to have hundreds of bed bugs bite you in the middle of the night then this is your hotel!! My poor girl friend has over 50 painful and itchy bites all over her body. The hotel charged her for the week she stayed there on business so please beware!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	1	

<Author>MFJB
<Content>Needs TLC We had been touring San Fransico and surrounding areas for 3 weeks. We had stayed in another Travel Lodge a few miles away and it was great.So we thought we would be safe by booking another one.When we arrived there were 2 receptionists on the desk, neither aknolged us until we had been stood there a few minutes.The room was in a dark and scary corner of the hotel. The bathroom was OK. The beds were comfortable enough. However the decor was in major need of upgrading. There was peeling paper and plater from the walls. There was alot of dust on the very wron out alomost thread bare carpet.Each time we used the shower which in itself was a task, it sounded as though a train was passing next to the room. All night we heard the plumbing from other rooms, as well as sirens, and other very loud guests.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	1	2	1	

<Author>KlausDenmark
<Content>Bad choise We have just return from our 3 weeks in US. The last stop were at Travelodge Central, SFO.We tried 14 different hotels on our trip, and this last stop was by fare the most expensive, and the worst experience - even Motel6 in Barstow is better than this one.Our complaints are: small and dirty rooms, very noisy from street and other rooms, noise from others taking a bath, interior is damaged, neigborhood is rough, breakfast was only coffee, sweet cereal, Sara Lee cakes.We paid 740 usd for 3 nights - one room with 2 beds. Expedia had Hilton for 1.000 USD - damn! that was a wrong choise!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>amccarty
<Content>The price is alright I stayed at the Travelodge for 3 nights during spring break with my boyfriend, and his siblings. We were all on a budget but we still wanted to stay close to downtown. The hotel itself was fine, it was pretty clean, and it was close to the BART (Bay area rapid transit) which we used often. The walk to Union Square was lenghty but manageable however it is through a rougher neighborhood. We instead often opted for the bus or subway which ran almost every other minute. It was also close to the Haight area which was great for dining. The biggest problems we had with the hotel were:the water heater sounded like a jackhammer everytime the water was used, the continental breakfast was orange juice, coffee, and pre-packaged sara lee style sticky buns, lastly, some of us ended up having bug bites on our arms and such, but we have no way of telling what it was from. For a budget hotel, this is what we expected, but it does not exeed any expectations.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>ratchicken
<Content>Bed Bugs!!!! I have stayed at this hotel on several occasions with mixed feelings. it is very affordable and in a very good location. But my last stay there was by far the worst experience i have had at a hotel so I will never be staying there again.The first red flag is that there are signs posted all over the grounds that say that there are toxic chemicals on the premises that cause cancer and birth defects. when i inquired about it at the front desk i was told that it is California state law to put up the signs because they use chemical cleaners and that all hotels in CA including the hilton would have the same signs. All I know is that i have never seen a sign like that in any hotel I have stayed at. Then, in our non-smoking room there were burn holes in all of the furniture and blankets.In the morning, we had was a noise issue. We had had a very late night and were counting on sleeping in. We were woken up at 9am to a loud machine type of noise right outside our room. At first we thought it might be construction or something else beyond the control of the hotel. We then realized that the noise was the result of the hotel staff power-wash bleaching the exterior corridors of the hotel. we complained to the front desk and they told us that there were no power-washers. since we could see, hear and smell the power-washing, that was pretty bizarre thing to say. nothing was done about the power washing and it went on for over an hour and a half. at that point my friend went down and complained in person and was granted a $20 refund and no apology what-so-ever.Problem #2: bed bugs:2 hours later when we were trying to get some work done in the room something suddenly caught my eye. it was a bug. a bed bug. in my bed. We went on to find 2 more and were completely disgusted. When the bugs were squashed they left little blood stains on the white sheets - apparently because they had bitten us. It was repulsive. We immediately complained to the front desk who demonstrated absolutely no level of shock or apology. i stress here, absolutely NO APOLOGY or explanation. In fact, when we said that we wanted to check out immediately and he said fine, check out. I wanted a full refund on account of the infested guest room and i was told that no further discount could be offered since we had already received a $20 discount for the noise. I called travelodge customer service and was told that there was nothing that they could do. They said i had to talk to the hotel manager. The hotel manager was the horribly unpleasant character who had been working the front desk all morning. I later received a letter from customer service simply stating the exact same thing: that there was nothing that they could do. How about sending an inspector over to assess the extent of the infestation? Isn't this a serious health code violation?I have stayed at many travelodge locations in the past. And, I can't stress enough how unacceptable this experience was. I am very disappointed in Travelodge for providing this kind establishment.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	2	

<Author>lipsticktraces
<Content>Good Location        Sad sink area in bath  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	3	3	3	

<Author>Limktraveller
<Content>What you pay is what you get I stayed here once again this year, this has been my fourth time to stay at the travelodge central. Its location is good, with parking, which is a huge advantage. The location can be a bit scary, but I have never had a problem.The rooms are a bit dated, particularly the bathroom, and I had to spend some time playing with the taps the first day to work out the shower. The only drawback, dont try and find a plug point in the room, there are so many things already plugged in that you are risking it to find something else. Otherwise, a good location to stay at  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>MasAmicus
<Content>reasonable price, great location for public transport, avg older hotel This is an average lower price hotel (2 dbl paid $65/n average). Parking is extra ($10/n). I've stayed here several times over the years. Physically the place is an older hotel that has been remodeled couple years ago to meet corporate standards. Somewhat worn. Marble tile bathroom. Doors lock securely. Check window locks. Like most in the area hotel only has heat and fan, no AC.Mgmt is lax about service and you must ask for bag check or iron. Check your room at check in and ask for another if something is wrong. Room cleaning service was honest and efficient. Most guests are tourists there for the price. Some of the guests are crashing 20 somethings or flopping lower class.Access to public transport is great and right in the middle of many areas. Right off market so Muni/Bart is easy to get to for uptown/city excursion, mission/castro(walk to grocery store, window shopping/eateries on market, castro), soma (walk to car rental, costco, folsom area). Coin laundry is across the street.San Francisco has a homeless issue and your best bet is to ignore them or say no thank you.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>CaveatConsumers
<Content>Good place gone bad       Hole in FLAT bottom sheet  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	5	5	1	1	4	

<Author>Brazildude
<Content>Average Hotel That Suits Budget Travelers       Desk,funny air conditioner  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Creanda
<Content>Been there for second time Going for Halloween in San Francisco again. Flew in from Copenhagen and landed fairly late once again, and once again, the front desk was helpful and had us checked in in no time.Again, same room type, travelled with a friend, and his room was just like ours. Nice and clean. Still no security issues, and we walked to and from the hotel at all hours of the day. Lots of traffic noise, but actually not that bad in the room.The room was cleaned every day, and for the money we paid, we could not ask for more.Will be going there for the third time in March 2008.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>SFCityGuy
<Content>Place works for me I stay here frequently 鈥?about 12 nights each year 鈥?share none of the complaints. I鈥檝e read complaints about the hotel and about the neighborhood.With respect to the hotel, it is very affordable by SF standards, be reasonable, of course it is not luxurious, nor even spiffy and prim by middle-class American standards. Having said such, I can not share some of the complaints.I like the motel design when bargain hunting in a big city because obviously the place can鈥檛 be much of a fire trap 鈥?you could always jump over the rail in front of your room. Hopefully that鈥檚 an unnecessary worry. The sheets are always clean as is the bathroom and the rooms are vacuumed, etc. Be prepared, it is not fancy and some things may or may not be a bit worn. With respect to the neighborhood, some nice people make a mistake staying in this area. This is the rough and tumble inner city. Homeless people sleep on sidewalks near this corner. There will be no shortage of drunks wandering hither and yon 鈥?ditto, no doubt, drug users and probably prostitutes 鈥?who knows. No one ever bothers me if I don鈥檛 bother them. I wander in, at very late hours, by myself and have never experienced anything frightening.There are great places to eat close by. There are fascinating neighborhoods in easy walking distance, if you are healthy, and splendid public transportation. I consider it a vibrant, exciting, and colorful area. Other people might object to city noise and odd behavior. If you think you are one of those people, you鈥檒l want to know what you are getting in to.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>MinnyBean
<Content>It's got it's ups and downs I went to San Francisco to visit downtown and the Castro District. This location is right in between-PERFECT. That's pretty much the only thing I was happy about.First off, the hotel overcharged me through a temporary authorization on my credit card. In fact, they overcharged me by about $300. This put my credit line into jeopardy for the two days that the authorization stayed in place. I don't think this was necessary.Secondly, the rooms were ultra small, I can't even begin to describe it. The bed was a king size and there were (literally) only inches of walking space between the bed and the TV/drawers. Hotel room was able to fit a chair on th side of the bed, and a very small desk, making it even more cramped. My air conditioner/heater looked like it was built in the 50s and did not work. I'm glad it wasn't too hot or too cold! The walls hadn't been painted in awhile and there were a lot of chips.The bed was not unbearable, but comfort is not the word I would use to describe the hard mattress. Management seemed very quick and unfriendly. This was definitely a noisy hotel, walls were ultra thin and management could be heard yelling at some of the guests during the night. Bottom line, I never called into question my safety at this hotel--and the location was beyond superb for what I was doing in the city. However, this hotel is way too expensive for the extremely low amount of service you receive.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	5	2	2	-1	3	

<Author>LERAustralia
<Content>You get what you pay for ......... The hotel might be cheap but you get what you pay for. The only good thing about the rooms is that the sheets were clean. The room is in need of refurbishing. Electric points and wires hang out of the walls. The bathroom was horrible. It is at the end of town where a huge amount of homeless and beggers hang out. We were constantly harrassed for money and did not feel save walking at night there. The worst experiece of all - a smell from the bathroom kept getting worse during the 3 nights we were there upon investigation we discovered the lid of the toilet system was being held open by something. We removed the lid to find a towel in the system. this would have been stopping a lot of water from flushing the toilet. We removed the towel to find it full of USED needles!!!!!!. It was extremely tramatic. The cleaners should have discovered this days before. Why anyone would stuff this into the toilet is anyones guess. The rest entire experience at this hotel was not good. You get what you pay for in the US. LR.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	1	1	2	

<Author>KittyLosAngeles
<Content>Great value and location. This place is a great value for the money. You can't be the location. The front desk staff leaves a little to be desired, but housekeeping is pretty good. The rooms are fine, clean and free of bugs. Location can be a little noisy on weekends, but the price is right when traveling on a budget.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	4	4	

<Author>wanderer8
<Content>Don't use their website unless you want to get ripped off I used this hotel's direct website to make my reservation and was ripped off! When I made my reservation on or about 6/15/07 the reservation was recorded for that day and not the date of my stay a month later. I showed up at the hotel in July and was not in their system. Fortunately I had my receipt that showed the correct date of my stay, which I showed them and they made a copy of, and they found me a room at the agreed upon rate. However, in the end I was billed twice - for a no show in June and for my actual stay in July. My efforts to address this with hotel management first met with promisesto resolve the matter, which then turned to delay and stonewalling.I stayed here because it was cheap, and the place is trashy enough to merit the low price- and in the end I may end paying much more formy stay than I was supposed to.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tripp_man1
<Content>Beware of this hotel staying at this hotel might incur a fraud to our credit card.......I stayed there for 5 days.........the first thing I found is that there is no TV...i got it after 3 days......the guy at front desk was rude and terrible to deal with............they also scammed with the parking charge.........while checking out they gave me a bill that shows parking charge for two days (which is what i parked for)......then after 3-4 days i found another day of parking charge billed to my credit card..............when i called i againg got very rude response and the guy at front desk said i it might be a computer error....and they will reinburse it.............to make things sure i called my credit card company and to my surprise i was informed there is another charge of $70 to my card........i have no idea what it is.......i called the front desk again ang the guy there just simply hanged up the phone.......hearing my voice.......i am waiting to contact travelodge customer service..........and lodge complain.....  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>robbywillcoxaz
<Content>made a reservation called canceled it thenext day got charged n e way i called made a reservation for july 6th called the next day for a room comp # was told they couldnt find it on their computer.i said if u do find it cancel it i do not want it! booked at the motel 6 embarcodaro oakland.witch was awsome im glad they couldnt find it at travelodge.because motel 6 embarcodaro oakland was great right at the marina woke up to a beautiful marina salt air and mild cool 67 degree temps. as far as travelodge went i still was charged for the room even though i canceled . and the manager Rodger was very rude and said i didnt cancel when i had, i am disputing the charges right now and it doesnt appear ill get recompistated for my losses.i wouldnt recomend anyone staying there .i had stayed at this travelodge 4 times before this and the rooms were dirty homeless people hang out on the street right in front of motel. eventhough you dont have them comeing to your door you and your children do have to wlk off the parking lot right past them.very scary and they opl\enly smoke crack pipes and agreesivly ask for money and become very verbally agressive when denied. do not stay here ROBSTARLING@YAHOO.COM  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	1	2	1	1	1	

<Author>dasberliner
<Content>Good value, good location Hotel is typical motor inn/lodge style, with rooms right off the carpark. Appears a little open to the elements at first glance, I was expecting homeless people at my door, but this didnt happen. The guy on the front desk is clearly in the wrong industry, his customer service skills are few and far between Dont expect any flexibility with check in, he wont let you in the room before 2pm, and am sure would charge you if you checked out after 11am. Unfortunatly, I believe he is the manager!Room is comfortable, well maintained and has plenty of cable channels to choose from, and maid service is efficient. 3 blocks to the Castro makes location perfect. The downside of this, if you go three blocks the other way, you hit the Tenderloin, which even on busy Market Street, is downright scary. Problem is if you want to walk to Union Sq, its right through the Tenderloin, whilst do-able by day, is suicidal by nite.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>clorgmail
<Content>Price appropriate, good location, clean enough, recommended We live in San Francisco and this is our go-to place for friends when they need a couple of nights. The rate is amazing for the location and quality of room and space. Just checked out this morning for our friend from Hong Kong, $44/night ($50 total-tax!) for a Sat and Sun night stay. During busy weekends they are about $186/night, and that's TOO much. If you can get a $80/night and under rate, go for it. $10/night for parking and free wi-fi. Ask for a room on second level and only accept rooms that are facing Valencia Street. Don't bother with their breakfast, just walk around the corner to a DeLessio Markey for wonderful baked good and hot food. This is a wonderful motel to just crash and sleep. We have never had any threat issues (in room or parking lot) but remember you are not in Kansas. It's still a big city and you are staying in a 2 star motel, be prepared to roll with the punches. For our wedding in 2005, we offered Travelodge as the inexpensive choice for guests, the other 2 being Mark Hopkins and Holiday Inn. Guests who stayed here at the $45/night rate gave glowing reviews.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	3	2	4	

<Author>wondRR
<Content>good price The price is good ,compared to more on the spot! hotels.The facility itself is ,clean (no odors), the bathrooms are acceptable, plenty of towels, soaps,shampoo, that sort of thing. comparable to a road side motel! the location (for sight seeing is , Good! )The beds are comfortable! it was, O.K!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>chgodude
<Content>Great price for a downtown two star motel Quite possibly the cheapest price for a motel room in a major city in the downtown area. Clean room with quite new bathroom fixtures. Average friendly staff. And yes, it's on busy Market street which means a bit of traffic at night. Have stayed here before and would consider it again.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>travel-lite-949
<Content>Mixed Review I stayed at the hotel for about 4 days. Check in was okay. The hotel staff members are not very friendly and there are some language barriers with some of the front desk staff. The parking lot is of course pay per day use. Around $10. Add this to the nightly rate and you could almost afford some better accommodations elsewhere. The hotel is a decent area but the parking lot is not very secure and even though you pay for parking there are not always spaces available. The parking lot has several people loitering in the area throughout the night. There is a lot of noise that can be heard while in the rooms. I believe that the rooms are being remodeled or repainted because there was a very strong smell of paint. The free continental breakfast is a packaged danish, coffee and orange juice available for about 3 hours. The rooms are clean. If you're staying for a couple of nights or just need a place to sleep then this is a good choice. Hot water and water pressure was a bit of a problem.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	1	1	1	

<Author>caflyguy
<Content>Worst staff and noises First of all the rooms are paper thin and small. You can hear your neighbor talking or the tv on. They called me 2 times at 8:30 a.m. while I'm sleeping to have me move my car so they could park a van in the spot near the elevator. then after I fell back asleep finally the maintanace people started hammering and drilling and the front desk people said they couldn't do anything about it. I told them I would have to look for a new motel and they said ok, not trying to work something out so that I could actually sleep.This place is the worst stay I've ever had, loud noisy environment, paper walls and unfriendly staff. Definitely do not stay! KEEP AWAY!!!  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Cargodess
<Content>Great Location After walking from the BART station at 16th  Mission I was a little concerned but the area seemed to improve as I neared the hotel.Upon arrival I checked in without a problem, located my room and found it to be quite nice and reasonable considering the apparent age of the building. Since I would be sharing the room with a friend I had requested a smoking room and even so it was still nice, clean and not full of the usual smoker signs.This hotel location proved great for my visits to the Castro neighborhood as well as downtown San Francisco and is located on the Muni F line which features refurbished street cars from the US and abroad. It was very easy to get around the city and outline suburbs.There were only a few room issues that were taken care of quickly, a bad cable for the t.v. and how to turn the shower on-an un-usual way to turn it on that I'd not seen before. However with a quick call I was helped. On the last two days the ice machine had gone out so that was a slight annoyance. Customer service was good and the maids were on top of it, however my main concern partly my own fault was that I had a late night flight and had the issue of luggage/boxes and security. I had requested the room until 5pm for my airport trip, since I had not thought about it and included it in the original trip plan the hotel assisted with my need but for full price. Live and learn, if leaving late and need the room to hold stuff, rest book it with the original booking to avoid getting hit a big one day bill.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>reddog221
<Content>a great place to shower and rest! If you are looking for a place to just kick back and have room service this is not the hotel for you. if you are looking for a hotel that is somewhere just to sleep and shower then it is the place for you. the only problems we had were that we called ahead and booked a reservation two days in advance and someone personally went there to talk to them on the day we were to arrive i called to check and make sure my reservation was confirmed. the guy on duty told me there was no such reservation made. We got it straighnted out and things were better from there on. Also the heater when it turn out made a loud clanking sound. other then those two problems everything went well.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>naulie
<Content>dump with a capital D First trip to San Francisco, great city too bad about the accom. Rooms were not ready when we arrived at 4pm given other rooms , dirty broken window in bathroom and we were on the ground floor , had to stuff a towel in the window to have some privicy. If we had known our way around the city would have moved . Time this place was taken off the list.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Electricwireless
<Content>Adequate motel, poor location I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights (September '06) based on a suggestion on another website.Firstly, I should say that I did not experience the horror stories of some people listed here. The room was a reasonable size and clean with everything working. However, I personally wouldn't stay here again.Amenities provided included a small coffee maker (with 1 sachet of filter coffee on days 1 and 3, sachets of sugar and 1 sachet of creamer) but only disposable cups and stirrers, a television (with 60 something channels), gas space heater and wall mounted fan, alarm clock, telephone, clothes hangers  drawers and in the bathroom soap and shampoo, towels etc. No bar fridge (which is a problem because I like to buy provisions like milk and fruit).Due to a delayed flight, I checked in late (11.30pm) at the 'night window'. I was not told that a breakfast was provided, and there was no in-room amenities guide, so didn't get to try it. The staff were surly, but were able to help with basic requests (phone book, bag storage etc)The room was a little noisy at times - there was some machinery in room next to mine that sounded like it might be the hotel laundry. Speaking of which, it was a little annoying that the rooms were serviced quite late in the day which meant that if you wanted to come back for an afternoon snooze at 3pm you would find the place still un-made.Now for the really bad point: the location. The hotel is located slap bang in the middle of the most downmarket part of S.F. This part of Market Street is home to boarded up shops, XXX cinemas and a large population of homeless and beggars who can at times get quite agressive. If you do stay here, it is OK to walk *away* from the downtown (towards The Castro) but avoid walking towards the city centre.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>ARothenhouse
<Content>Myth Dispelled With regard to the San Francisco Central Hotel鈥?a myth needs to be dispelled. This place is not a four or five start property, but it offers a lot for its rates. My room was nice, clean and considerably spacious. Ask for a newly renovated room and see what the staff can do for you. Speaking of which, the service was another positive. Checking in and out was quick, the maids cleaned the rooms efficiently, and the attendants at the front desk were helpful in pointing out places to visit and modes of public transportation to take to get there. The high speed wireless internet was also a plus as was the fairly cheap parking fee. As for the surrounding area, San Francisco is a major city and no city is perfect. In all honesty, walking on Market Street was fine. If you prefer not to walk, then take a taxi or the trolley right out in front. This is a good place to stay at reasonable rates in an expensive San Francisco setting.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>RicPlank
<Content>Impressed To get the full San Francisco experience, you must visit the Castro at least once. After staying in nice areas like Nob Hill, Russian Hill and Pacific Heights on previous trips to the City, I decided to try something a little different. The San Francisco Central Travelodge sat right on the boarder of Castro so it seemed like the ideal location. The nightlife in the Castro can get crazy so it was nice to have a hotel so close by. The hotel itself met all my needs. Close proximity to a lively area, yet only a trolley ride away to Union square. The rooms were clean and the cheap parking was a plus. If you want to visit the Castro, then stay at the SF Central Travelodge.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>CCodge
<Content>Awful! Unfortunately hadn't read any of the reviews before I booked this hotel. We had regularly stayed in Travelodges in the US and had no problems. We had just come from 14 nights in a Travelodge in LA with no problems.It was a disaster from the minute we arrived! We were accosted by a homless man in the carpark who threatened to punch my partner if he didn't give him money. The kids and my mother were terrified and we hadn't even checked in yet! The man on reception was rude and unhelpful and as we got back to the car (with the kids securely locked inside), a fellow guest came and warned us about staying there. We got into the rooms ( we had 2) and they were both tiny, had sloping floors, dirty carpets and nowhere to hang our clothes. We immediately spent 2 hours on the phone finding somewhere else to sleep. Finally found somewhere else (another Travelodge, which was wonderful) but it still meant spending 1 night there. We were kept awake by screaming, loud music and varying other 'night time' noises. When we checked out in the morning and complained to reception, the man there said they had called the police to stop the noise and it wouldn't happen again. Needless to say we didn't have any faith in that assurance, and we would have been correct as other reviews have said that this type of noise is common place. It's cheap for SF but not at the expense of safety. Not for families and not for people of a nervous disposition!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>1hdsoftail
<Content>Would not stay here again! We stayed in this hotel in June 2006. Room was clean, however, there was a constant water hammer in the pipes throughout the night. Walls were thin and we could here the 3-4 young girls who had room next door. Hotel situated in area of SF that homeless, undersireables were constantly located. Not convinient to great variety of food places in which to choose. Rubbish bins not emptied every day.Laundrette and corner store opposite hotel was good, as was location to catch trolley to fisherman's wharf.When booking on-line, no information given of $10 fee for car-park space until book in.Would not recommend to families with young children.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gothgimpbadcooking
<Content>Couldn't have been happier. I feel obligated to stick up for this hotel. We made our reservations well in advance and were able to get a fantastic rate of $49/night, plus $11 per night for parking. A friend had suggested this place but I was REALLY nervous after reading all the reviews. We stayed in three different rooms in a 12 day period, the last stay being for four nights, and had no problem whatsoever with ANY of them. Each was VERY clean and exactly what we'd asked for. The place was kept up well, we saw housekeeping actually mopping the concrete outside our rooms. We did observe the front desk staff being rather rude to guests on several occasions, rude to the point that it was almost comical, but we were somehow spared this. Then again, we weren't particularly demanding. For those who say that this isn't centrally located I suggest that San Francisco is a BIG city. Obviously these people wanted to see things that we weren't particularly interested in. For a couple wanting to stay out late in the Mission, Castro, or Lower Haight this was a phenomenally good location. Maybe a big family who wants to chill at Fisherman's Wharf would be put off by the smallish rooms and the distance from all that touristy stuff, though the F streetcar runs all the way there from just outside the hotel.Really, I'd give it a try. I'll definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Bigjayonline
<Content>Dont Think About Staying Here For Any Price!!!!! Please ignore those reviews stating this hotel is ok! Dont get me wrong its not like im fussy and i can sleep anywhere as im in the army!! The hotel as stated is on the edge of town which due to its liberal lovey dovey nature and p.c. running is full of alcoholic/drug addict etc people every where and they dont get moved on.The room was clean to first appearance but had a soaked carpet that never dried.The bathroom window was held on very loose and would have fallen if opened.This wasn't noticed until the morning when my girlfriend picked up some now soaking wet clothes!The first night some of the local 'homies' decided to have a mini rave on the car park outside the window.This went on for 3-4 hours.Not once were they moved on.Then the spanish girls next door came back and every word came as though spoken from in the room.There was some sort of vent direct into their room!! As others have said any noise outside was so clear.The door had a gap all around it and windows very thin etc.The staff seemed very difficult to speak to and found English very difficult.Not friendly at all and arogant.The hotel is close to links as others have said but worth spending a little bit more to get a better place in my opinion.  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>TravelerJack
<Content>Considering price, it's ok I was braced for the worst after reading the reviews here and was pleasantly surprised. The checkin and checkout was fast, courteous and accurate. I booked way in advance and had a room for $59 a night. I did get one of the larger, recently remodeled corner rooms with fridge and microwave. Room 327. Considering I probably had the cheapest room in San Fran on a friday and saturday night, I was expecting the worst. I found two clean newer queen beds in the room. Carpet was clean. Bathroom was clean, especially the tub and toilet. The wall around the window leaks during heaving rain and has water stain marks and crumbling plaster. The main rooms looks like it has some ceiling water damage at one time, but didn't leak. This place is old, old, old. Old aluminum windows, no air conditioning -- but you don't really need it. Room had fan attached to wall. TV was newer 25 with remote that worked. I came to SF as a tourist and was only in my room to sleep and for a couple of afternoon breaks. It definately served the purpose. I didn't use the coffee maker or eat of the free breakfast in the morning. Everything you could tell was on the cheap. I didn't mind. I and 2 friends stayed here for 3 nights and the total room cost was like $207 with tax!!! The bus and trolley pick up right out front and it takes about 30 minutes to get to fishermans wharf. It was a little scary during the day, the hotel is right on the edge of the bad part and you have to walk through the bad part to get to the tourist areas, so the trolley works well here. I wouldn't walk out alone at night in the bad part. It's just a lot of homeless vagrants and dirty/trash porn shops going towards the tourist areas. Took a taxi for $6 from the union square at night once after dodging a big fight at the local hamburger joint.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>2	5	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>love it We stay at the motel for the weekend, the room was really clean and nice. i like the yellow walls..it feels very warm...the location of the motel is great..becase it is on market street where all the shopping places are.. ..and the price for the motel is really cheap $49 per night..highly recommended  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>diceburner
<Content>Stinky,dirty,rude staff,rip off price,ugly customers,bad neighborhood I've lived in San Francisco and it's good to be back to visit friends sometimes.My parents we're already in town and they've booked at this hotel for me too.Geez...what a bad place.I really do not have words to describe it,just read my title.Other customer looked like a bunch of drug addicts.The rooms close to mine had 4 noisy girls,with the radio on at full voume.One night I'freaked out and smashed the wall with a chair,screaming like a psycho just to have them shut the %$ up.I could be heard all over the place.About the name central,this hotel is everything but central,face it.The area around the hotel is of typical ooh,look how trendy,how wannabe gay,wannabe yoga masters we are San FranciscanUpon check out I was charged 79.00 dollars...For 80.00 bucks you can stay at much better and central places in San Francisco.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SkyJerm
<Content>Can't beat for the price This hotel has received some very bad reviews by some very angry customers, so I'm providing a little counterpoint based on my recent stay.For one, at $50-ish per night plus $10/day parking, there is no better deal near central San Francisco. This is located right between the Mission, Castro, and Hayes Valley, which is a great location for restaurants and clubs and a decent location for shopping and general sight-seeing. Normal rooms go for 3x this price in SF.For two, being located so centrally in a major city means it will be noisy. The Travelodge's thin walls and floors don't help this, and it is located on Market St., which is a major artery through SF. Try a more expensive hotel on a less busy street for less noise. I would not recommend this place for early risers.For three, the Indian owner-managers are nice people, but they are also proud business owners as most Indians are. For us, they were particularly accommodating, friendly, and helpful. I suspect that several of these reviewers went astray by being threatening or impertinent--American tourists earn that reputation every day.And four, the two rooms we stayed in were clean, decent, American-style motel rooms. They had not been remodelled very recently, so it's not like we got the special rooms that are especially nicer than the others. If you want to wedge yourself into a European-style closet, there are other options.In short, this is a decent, clean, very inexpensive motel. If you set your expectations at the proper level, you should also not be disappointed.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>clean but that is the best I can say When you are staying in San Francisco for under $100 over Labor Day weekend, you can't expect much and we didn't get much. The hotel was clean and cheap, but it was incredibly noisy through out the night. I could hear any conversations in the next room - not just the noise of talking, but the actual words. The walls were chipped in the bathroom but it was clean. The continental breakfast consisted of some orange juice and bad pre-packaged pastries. They did let us check in early.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Smelly room, rude staff, location was it's only saving grace First of all let me just say that I knew the place wouldn't be a palace, I mean it's a centrally located, budget hotel, which is exactly what we were looking for. But even on a budget, you don't expect to have to sacrifice the basics; a clean room  polite staff, who have at least a minimal grasp of the english lanquage. This is where the problems began. The room smelled like urine, EXTREMELY foul. Don't get me wrong, there was a maid who came everyday, made up the bed, vacuumed and even sprayed some sort of deororizer, in a failed attempt to rid the room of that smell. What she ended up doing was turning the urine smell into something far more sickening.Believe it or not, this was the second room they had given us, the first one was the ONLY one that didn't have an electric key, but a door'knob that was practically hanging off. I had to go back down to check-in and request a different room, which they didn't want to give.. but I insisted. When we first arrived at check-in, there appeared to be an argument taking place between a dissatisfied guest and the front desk staff. Apparently they had charged her credit card without her knowledge, and though she was standing there with proof, the desk person was vehemently denying that it had been done, he was down right rude in his response. At some point the guest followed us outside and warned us not to stay at that hotel, unfortunately we DIDN'T listen.The only upside to the place was its location. We went out walking alot and sometimes we weren't back until late in the evening. It's close to everything which made it easy to get around. The Castro is less than a ten minute walk.Do yourself a favor.. take a walk down Mission Street, toward Castro, and you will see one or two more reasonably priced lodges, MUCH nicer than this one. I wish we had done that before committing to this dump.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Two-PS-Mikes
<Content>Not Special, Not Bad I spent three nights at the Travelodge Central during a recent visit. I had a large room with two queen-sized beds, a functional bathroom, microwave and mini-frig, and a sofa. It was plenty of space and everything was reasonably clean and in good working order. I was able to park for $10/day (plus tax) and walked or used public transportation the whole time I was in SF. By the way, $11.40 per day to park in SF is a very good price! The hotel is about a mile from the Castro District and it is walkable in spite of the hills. If you think about walking toward downtown, well, don't -- this stretch of Market Street is full of homeless people and rundown businesses and is generally a downer. You can walk up to Van Ness Street to catch the Muni or BART and the street trolley stops near the hotel which is an easy way to get downtown or to the Castro. The only problems that I experienced were noise related. The plumbing is noisy, the heat sounds like a bug zapper when it comes on (but then is silent), and the windows are rather flimsy so you can hear plenty of traffic noise. I always travel with earplugs so none of this was particularly bothersome for me. Overall, the Travelodge Central suited my needs very well.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>silly101
<Content>Awesomely bad I stayed 1 night out of the planned 4 nights at this dump, then checked out because I thought I was going to have a coronary from anger at the owner/ manager who operates this hell-hole. According to the guy who owns a shop next door to the Travelodge, the turkey who owns this sh**-box used to own and manage a transient hotel down the street. This should give you an idea of the way they treat their unsuspecting guests. .The owner tried to rip me off when I checked out. He tried to charge me $40 more for the room than I was quoted on the phone. He also tried to charge me $10 for parking even though I was not driving a car. When I caught him he just sneered at me, never apologized, and acted like I had been the one who was trying to be a cheat..The carpets were so filthy that my white socks looked like I had washed them with mud. People shouted and argued in the parking lot at all hours of the night. Housekeepers knocked on the door at 8 in the morning even though I had a 鈥榙o not disturb鈥?sign on the door. .The only nice thing I can say is that the motel is close to public transport and decent restaurants. Otherwise, if you鈥檙e thinking of staying at this place, I would recommend that you sleep on the street instead.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kevin-Stephanie
<Content>Bad place to stay I won't stay at this place again, the room is very small, the double bed they said is just a full size bed, for sure can't accomodate 2 persons, always having toilet smell in room, the paint is cracking apart both on walls and ceiling, no AC in room, the bed is inconfortable, making noise all night long. It's very noisy at night since it located at a busy intersection, I can't sleep until 2am...terrible experience...very early in the morning, people checking out early, yelling, talking, so waking up everybody. Free continental breakfast, but no coffee, no juice, no water, just only a few cakes left. I am not even touch it. The rate is not cheap. $119/night and $10+tax for parking. I am better pay $50 more to get a much better hotel in Fisherman Wharf. Not recommend to any one.Kevin  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Honestpaul
<Content>Dishonest and unprofessional. You kind of trust a hotel when it has the Travelodge name to it but like other people who have written I feel hacked off at this place. they pulled the same parking scam on us that they have with others those internet places will say anything to sell a room they said and duly charged us $11.40 a day to park making our total room cost $102 per day. There was always someone in reception making a complaint about something and it was always brushed aside with the same nonchalance and total lack of care.Yes it's noisy and yes some of the guests were 'trading' from their rooms.San Francisco is a vibrant, full on place and your hotel or motel room should be your haven rather than the epicentre of dubious activities.This is an owner/operator related problem that could and should be sorted out. My advice would be to get one of the free accomadation coupon books that are everywhere in San Fran and book one of the many $39.99 rooms that are advertised.San Fran itself was brilliant.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>jenbudd
<Content>Only for those on a budget This place is okay. The rooms were small but nicely done. The bathrooms need alot of TLC, paint was peeling off the walls and the shower curtain was too small to cover the shower opening so we always had a lake in the bathroom. My husband went to hang a towel on the towel rack and the whole thing fell out of the wall. The room itself was fine.The location is good. Only 2 or so blocks to the Muni station and a trolley picks you up right outside.The staff was hit or miss-some were helpful with directions others had no idea.Pay close attention to your bill-they tried to change the room rate on us, my husband caught it and it saved us $45. Parking is an extra $10.00-they don't tell you that when you check in.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sugahpie57
<Content>Just want I needed I visited San Francisco to spend my holiday vacation with friends living in the Castro District (right near the Travelode -which is why I selected the motel). We went to see the The Nut Cracker at the Opera House - the motel was just 2 blocks away, walking distance which was wonderful (driving in SF is not fun!). Played the classic tourist, picked up the street car right in front of the hotel and transferred to the Cable Car at Powell Street and from there to the Fisherman's Wharf. This city is gorgeous! The workers were are all very friendly and helpful, they advised me how to get to different places where I could enjoy the true San Francisco. My room looked recently remodeled - brand new bathrroom / furniture. If you're visiting SF this is a really nice place to stay.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rude Customer Service I can't really rate the room because i didn't stay here. But after making reservations a month earlier, i called to confirm my reservations and the front desk clerk was RUDE RUDE RUDE! After hanging up, i called back 5 minutes later and cancelled my reservations.Very Poor Customer Service. I will not stay here ever!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not a good value My family of 4 stayed here in Sept '04 for 3 nights. About the only good thing i can say about it is it was close to the trolley to the waterfront.It started off bad when we weren't given the Sleepy Bear Den room like we had requested. I had booked this hotel specifically because of that feature. They told us it was under renovation. Couldn't they have contacted us ahead of time to let us know that? The room was so run down. The tile was cracked in the bathroom. There were holes in the blankets. The TV got 3 or 4 channels only. Our toilet broke the second morning there. They told us mantinience wasn't in until 10:00. They gave us a key for an uncleaned room to use their that toilet. It was fixed by the time we got back that night though. My husband and I were woken up a couple times a night with noise from outside.I will NOT be returning to this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>On a budget? This Travelodge is in a great location and was very affordable for our budget. We were really close to downtown and the castro district and were able to walk just about anywhere. There is a bus stop right on the same block that will take you across town for just over a $1. Can鈥檛 beat the price for a clean room in a decent area.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a dump! The hotel, was centrally located, yet the neighborhood was a little scary. The room, had a huge bathroom, however, I had nowhere to hang my clothes. There was no closet nor was there even a dresser to put my clothes in! The tv hardly worked even after fiddling with the tv antennae. I also had to pay $10 a night for parking (which their site said complimentary). In addition, I made the mistake of leaving my parking spot, and on my return, found all the spots taken by the bar across the street! (I had to park on the street, then move it in the middle of the night because of the street cleaning!) I usually trust the Travelodge brand, but this was the WORST hotel I've ever been to!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wisconsintripper
<Content>okay for the money The Central Travelodge has a great location for the price. You can take the Muni all the way to the Wharf for $1.25 (about 25 minutes), or connect with the cable cars ($3) to the wharf. You can also walk to Union Square (a hike, but can be done) So for the $65 ($75 with tax) we got on ORbitz was a good deal. However, the hotel wanted to charge us $10 ($11.10 with tax) for parking the next morning, but I had copied a sheet off Orbitz that says the hotel has free parking-and they honored that. Since the hotel is located on Market and Valencia, it is quite noisey with bus and car traffic. Request a room towards the back/side of the hotel. The hotel has 3 levels. There were people yelling in the parking lot at all hours of the night, so we didn't get much sleep. The rooms were nothing great, no airconditioning, just a fan. Ours was just painted, and it smelled of paint with paint spills on the curtains and bed frames. There was nowhere to plug in the coffee maker near the desk, so we plugged it in the bathroom on the small sink. There was new marble flooring in the bathroom that looked very nice, so they are updating rooms. Breakfast consisted of juice, coffee and packaged sweet rolls, which was not enough for our family of four, so we bought breakfast on the boat over to our tour of Alcatraz. The hotel clerk wasn't overly friendly, but not rude either, although when we asked him questions we were given quick, short answers. He also told us the wrong price for the bus. Kids prices are $.35 for those of you traveling with kids. Adults are $1.25.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2004
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Happy with the Travelodge After reading some of the reviews, I was a little skeptical about staying here. But I usually stay at Travelodge when I travel and I have always had a good experience when staying there so I thought I'd give it a try. I have to say, I was very impressed with the rooms. They were a little small, but most of the room was taken up with a very comfortable king size bed. The only problems, I had with the room was that the TV reception wasn't good at all and when we complained we were told that all of the TVs were like that and there was nothing that could be done. But I wasn't that upset because the only time we spent in to room during the day was to sleep. The other things that were a nuisance were that the walls are extremely thin so you can hear what is going on in the room next to you and also the traffic outside. However, after the first night, we were used to it. It helped that we were walking and sightseing most of the day so were were quite tired when we finally made it back to the hotel so the noise really didn't bother us. But, I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean, comfortable, friendly hotel I love to come to SF to shop! Union Square is only a short tram or bus ride away from this hotel. There are also many nice shops and restaurants on Gough Street which you can walk too. Our room was clean and looked new! The front desk staff were always smiling and waved to us everytime we walked past the office. For the price at this location, this hotel is a great bargin!  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>xdogladyx
<Content>What a dump!   showReview(1869163, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Newly remodeled   showReview(1854622, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice deal for the price!   showReview(1836311, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Changed?   showReview(1835049, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Liked Market Street Travel Lodge in SF   showReview(1750508, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I love San Francisco   showReview(1750181, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>harry999
<Content>San Francisco: San Francisco Central Travelodge - Good Value   showReview(1376669, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>SF Central Travelodge (aka HELL BY THE BAY!)   showReview(1374878, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>karbon69
<Content>yuck!   showReview(1218083, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>this place needs to be torn down   showReview(1090414, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 16, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>椐呫伀杩戙亸銇︿究鍒?#x201d;   showReview(19915093, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gesamturteil   showReview(18534233, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>tifani83
<Content>H么tel peu recommandable   showReview(18322248, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ordentliches Hotel   showReview(18534224, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>juste pour dormir   showReview(18534225, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zimmer ok, Personal das Allerlezte   showReview(17439847, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer wieder gern!!   showReview(16611021, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Mittelpr盲chtig mit toller Lage   showReview(15575456, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sauber aber recht laut.   showReview(13983556, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11668029, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Sonja80
<Content>Buona sistemazione!   showReview(7638252, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

