<Author>MelWisc
<Content>great choice for a family visit to Oahu Enjoyed three nights in Oahu with DH and young teens at this Hotel. Front desk staff and Concierge Staff were welcoming, friendly, and knowledgable. The hotel is a great value and excellent location. Waikiki Beach is a simple walk across the street; shops and restaurants an easy walk in the opposite direction. Breakfast is outstanding. Rooms were large and clean. Pool is small but very pleasant. Trump Tower construction does loom over the site - we were not disturbed by ongoing construction noise and Trump Tower makes the hotel easy to find when you're walking or driving around!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>demetria44
<Content>Best Breakfast I have stayed at this property twice Both times in August.Stayed in Both towers,Hula tower is the newer side and room was a little better because newer.I got a better ocean view in the Aloha tower though.Rooms were spotless and comfortable and plenty of room compared to some others in the area.The breakfast is very good and enough to eat for most of the day!The fresh papaya we really enjoyed.Happy hour drinks are fine the snacks are a clear after thought that lack originality and kinda made me not feel good.Ordered from the bar some simple food a couple times and was tasty.First visit the pool was closed half the time and this was a disappointment to my mom.All in all we would return if we got a good deal.would never pay full price however.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Dallen_6
<Content>Loved the Embassy Waikiki !!! My family and I had the pleasure of staying at the Embassy for 10 nights in December 2008. When we arrived in our rental car, the valet greeted us and directed us to registration. The registration staff greeted us with complimentary champagne and fruit drinks for our 2 teenagers. They upgraded us to a corner unit with ocean view after we asked for a king bed in our 1 bedroom suite. We were located on the 7th floor in the Hula tower and overlooked the pool on the 4th floor. We also had a view of the Trump Tower construction; however, it was never bothersome during our stay. The room was absolutely perfect. I had read about the complementary nightly manager鈥檚 reception and thought it would be something we would only do if we happened to be around. We missed it the first night we were there. The second night we decided to attend and were so completely impressed by the complementary snacks, cocktails, and entertainment that we made it a point to attend most every night during our stay. We especially enjoyed George the bartender鈥檚 winning smile (and delicious drinks). We also already knew about the complementary breakfast and planned to take advantage. What we didn鈥檛 realize was how incredibly awesome it would be. They provide a huge variety of hot foods 鈥?scrambled eggs, sausage links, omelets, pancakes, french toast, muffins, pastries, toast, etc., etc. Plus, plenty of fresh fruit and yogurt. I gained 5 pounds during our stay 鈥?it was that good.We didn鈥檛 mind the $25 price tag for valet since it was so convenient to pull up and hop out. We took our car out every day during our stay, sometimes a couple of times per day 鈥?the valet always asked us if we needed directions somewhere. Remember, you get free breakfast every morning and free drinks/entertainment/snacks for 2 hours every night. Valet fees were a wash as far as we were concerned.I never asked our housekeeper鈥檚 name, but she was a lovely person, and I enjoyed our brief conversations in the hall. She also did a great job of cleaning up after our family and always left us an abundance of clean towels 鈥?she knew we had 2 teenagers.Did I forget to mention the hotel sits on a street (Lewers) that has shopping and restaurants within a couple of steps and is only a block away from the beach? Convenience! We felt perfectly safe letting our teenagers run down to the shops and the beach. More shopping and restaurants were located just a couple of blocks away 鈥?easy walking distance.We were so impressed with our stay. We would highly recommend this hotel for anyone 鈥?families, couples, honeymooners, etc. If we find our way back to Oahu, we will definitely choose to stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OhioLeprechaun
<Content>Loved the Embassy Suites We were very pleased with our 5 night stay. There were ample personable staff in the receiving area to help with your luggage and to check you in. Our room was clean, attractive and very comfortable and we had a view of the beach and ocean. Our first room was a view of the street. We requested an upgrade and it was completed without question. The concierge staff were very helpful regarding tours, restaurants, and other activities. The pool was outdoors on the 4th floor. Nice pool, ample lounge chairs and a fresh towel area. There were two bars. Usually only one was open at a time. At 5:30, there is a manager's reception with fresh vegetables and snacks and nice live Hawaiian music. The breakfasts, included in the room cost, were also on the 4th floor, just beyond the pool area. There was a very ample and wide variety of choices, including some one who was preparing omelets to order. The fruit was fresh and delicious. The hotel is one block from the beach and one block from a main road that has restaurants, clothing stores, jewelry stores, convenience stores, a world market,, etc. It was lit up at night beautifully. Some areas had tiki torches lighting up their areas. The hotel was in a good neighborhood and you always felt safe. The hotel is very family friendly. There is construction of a new hotel across the street, but it was not an issue while we were there. Everyone we met was helpful, polite, and in many cases, fun. We were very pleased with the hotel and will return.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LuvSHOes
<Content>Great Hotel!       View from our bedroom lanai  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tooluser
<Content>Great place to stay I stayed here for 3 nights. It was very well kept and managed. They have good security including card-managed floor access, which unfortunately did not always work and I sometimes had to ride to several different floors before getting to my own. They also very carefully check your car for damage before accepting it into valet parking, and make you sign indicating all pre-existing damage, no matter how small -- tiny bumps, dents, and scratches included. Understandable but off-putting, I guess they have had a lot of guests who try to cheat them on that. Music on the mall below would be loud from about 5pm to 7pm each night. That's all the bad though.The room was very nice, a real suite and nicely decorated. Great view of Diamond Head from the 17th floor, though no sunset from my tower. The maid service was very good and attentive - if you left early for the day they would try to clean your room right away so you could use it in the early afternoon.The business center has several PCs you could use for looking up local attractions on the internet. The evening reception includes very tasty snacks and drinks, and live Hawaiian entertainment which changes each night. Perfect for anyone to attend, including families. Surprisingly well done.The morning breakfast is pretty good and has a large selection, though they undercook their bacon (what a shame!). The made-to-order omelets were excellent. They also offer things like miso soup and edamame to cater to their Japanese guests, though it was a fun change of pace for adventurous folks from other places too, like me.I would stay here again without hesitation, though I would probably request a room away from the Waikiki Beachwalk mall, so that I would not be disturbed by the music in the evenings.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>10Sgal55
<Content>Over-rated We have just returned from the Embassy Suites, staying 6 days and 5 nights. This hotel is over-rated. Yes... the complimentary breakfast is wonderful, and the management hosted cocktail happy hour is a plus, but the hotel fell flat on other issues. We were disappointed to find that the only room they could give us was a room located right next to the ice machine and the elevator in the Aloha tower ( We booked our vacation in July, so our vacation was not a last minute decision). We offered to pay for a partial ocean view, but was told this was not available. Our room on the 17th floor over-looked the Beachwalk area and had a view of Diamond Head, so the room did have a very nice view. However...at night it was very noisy, especially when we wanted to sleep. We thought the loud music was coming from the Rum Fire (a new nightclub at the Royal Hawaiian shopping center), but we were informed the loud music was coming from the Yard House, a restaurant located below the Aloha Tower. Switching rooms was not an option, as we were told the hotel was 90% booked. Another drawback are the very uncomfortable beds--way too soft and lumpy. The mattresses look very old and dated, far older than the age of the hotel!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	2	4	

<Author>3sweetpeasmom
<Content>Couldn't have been better! I can't say enough about Embassy Suites Waikiki. We had an absolutely fabulous experience here! We were one of the few lucky ones to get a corner ocean view room so we had windows along two complete walls. We could see the ocean from everywhere in the room. The staff was extremely helpful and pleasant. The housekeeping service was exceptional. Breakfast was delicious and a wonderful time and money saver. We had the opportunity of walking through a few other hotels in Honolulu while we were there and everytime I was SO glad we picked the Embassy Suites. I recommend it wholeheartedly!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sunnyfaced
<Content>Honest review of Embassy Suites My husband and I went to Oahu for our honeymoon and stayed at the Embassy Suites through a hotel/air/car package and got a good rate. Embassy was clean and everyone was very nice, as most people in Hawaii are, but as a honeymoon hotel, it wasn't exactly what we had in mind. It depends what you like, but hotel seem to have a lot of families with young children. We think it is great for that purpose, especially with the free breakfast. We were fine with the average decor and offerings because we went outside the hotel a lot, for dinner, breakfast extras, etc. We like more the contemporary setting and loved the Mona Surfrider to hang out- great not having to pay to stay there- and also Halekulani and Waikiki Parc-where Nobu is located- one of the best meals we had in town. We were able to do these extras without the stress of paying too much at a hotel per night, so in that sense, Embassy was fine. It was clean, the construction wasn't the best backdrop at the pool, and sort of banal. Good rates though and good for families.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>FamilyofFiveNJ
<Content>Excellent location - new        The view from our room at dusk  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hawaii50
<Content>Loved the Embassy Suites !       Main bedroom - King bed  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Canada6666
<Content>Family friendly Fantastic hotel in the heart of Waikiki. We stayed with two small children and enjoyed our visit. They have a full breakfast with lots of variety. The pool is a good length and does not have a deep end, which meant that our 8 year old could go in the pool alone as long as we kept an eye on her. There is also a toddler's wading area which is connected to the main pool. The water is slightly heated too, which makes it more enjoyable. The beach is easily accessible across the street. A perfect location and wonderful hotel!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>LisaLuOhio
<Content>Highly recommended! On our 1st visit to Hawaii, my husband really wanted to see the Pearl Harbor Memorial. We booked our 2-night stay in Oahu using tripadvisor.com and we were very happy with Embassy Suites.Lovely greeting, lovely, spacious, very clean, comfortable room. very accomodating staff, nearby shops and easy taxi service to and from sites and the airport.I wouldn't hesitate to recommend the Embassy Suites Beach Walk or the Pearl Harbor Memorial. I liked the PHB so much more than I expected and it was a highlight of our trip.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Holidy
<Content>Almost Everything Was Perfect The hotel is very nice. It is in a great location for Waikiki with shopping, nightlife and the beach just steps from the hotel. The only downfall was the housekeeping and the morning paper. The house keepers must have opened our room door without knocking 5 times a day and it was weird how the news paper was left on our in room desk....meaning that a hotel employee came into the room and left it while we slept....creepy.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	2	-1	

<Author>startraindd
<Content>Outstanding Embassy Suites - great choice! Only stayed there two nights, but what a hotel! Superior service, wonderful warm welcome, and outstanding breakfasts! This is a great choice if visiting Waikiki.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>njvacationer51
<Content>excellent excellent hotel. rooms were new and clean. we had a 2br 2 bath suite. breakfast was great and breakfast setting was outdoor and excellent.only 2 bad items. $30/day to park and you had to walk through an alley to get to the beach.Will stay again for sure!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>ScratchSanDiego_CA_
<Content>Excellent Stay I had stayed here for the Best Western Convention. Being a General Manager myself, I cannot say enough about this beautiful hotel. Upon checking in I was greeted by Andrew Boyd Front Desk Agent. He was so out going that alone impressed me. Everyday when I would come back to the hotel he would greet me and asked if there was anything he could do for me  was everything alright in my room. Always had a smile on his face. The housekeeping staff did a wonderful job on my room each day. The Managers Welcome party from 5:30PM to 7PM had great snacks  each night the entertainment was enjoyable. The breakfast each morning sould not have been better. A wide variety of items to select from. The hotel is right in the middle of everything especially excellent restaurants  shops. Being here for 8 nights I could not have selected a better hotel to stay while in honolulu.My thanks goes out to Andrew for making this an enjoyable stay  to the General Manager.Keep up the excellent work.Sincerely - David Birt  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bazza99
<Content>Embassy Suotes Stay Oct 2008 The Embassy Suites in Waikiki was great but the rooms were a little small. We had two adults and two kids in our room. It wasn't a big deal because we were always busy and spent very little time in our room! We got our room for $230./night, the location was great! Some people complained about the walkway to the beach, I just went through the two hotels in front of us with no problems. I also used their showers to get the sand off! If you can't pull that off you're a rookie!! Parking does stink at $25 per day but if you can't afford that maybe you shouldn't be vacationing in Hawaii! I also really enjoyed the Beach Walk right below the hotel, ABC store was right across the street! By the way we stayed in the Hula tower on the 10th floor. After a night of drinking the hotel key in the elevator to get to your floor was a hassle but ..........If you include the breakfast and happy hour this place is a great deal! I don't think I'll be going back to Waikiki for about another 10 years (I prefer Maui) but if I do I'll look at the Embassy Suites first and if the price is right I'm there!Also, the Trump Hotel construction next door did not bother us at all!!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>8872traveler
<Content>Perfect for a family We stayed here for a week in early October. It was a wonderful stay and the perfect location for our family. The hotel was lovely and conveniently located between the beach and the Royal Hawaiian Mall. Breakfast was excellent, especially eating in the open air cafe. We never waited long for anything and the staff was very friendly. Housekeeping was wonderful and our suite worked out great for us: me, hubby and 2 girls ages 6 and 10. Most days we did sightseeing but were back to the hotel by around 5pm. The manager's special was nice - there is live entertainment and hula every night. The appetizers aren't anything special: veggies/dip, chips/dip, chips/salsa and open bar. However, it was very relaxing for us to head down there, enjoy the music, some snacks and the kids would swim until bedtime. It worked well for us to hang out and just order some food at the hotel by the pool. A nice way to end each day. You can walk to many locations or easily catch the bus. Two negative comments: the room was advertised to have a king bed but it only had a queen. Also, be wary of the concierge. One morning the gal introduced herself at breakfast and proceeded to tell us that our plans were all wrong, would never Other than that, I can only say good things about this place. Very family friendly, very clean and well maintained and more.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>WELOVEOAHU
<Content>Will never stay anywhere else!       mountain view  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>d28872
<Content>Best Hotel Ever If you want excellent service, beautiful, spacious room, and prompt service, choose to stay at Embassy Suites. My sisters and I vacationed in Waikiki from October 21 through October 29th and had wonderful service from all the Embassy Suites staff. This was my 3rd trip to Oahu, one sister's 2nd trip and the other sister's 1st trip and all of us agreed that we have never experienced better accommodations and service. When we asked for 5 towels in our room, within minutes they were provided as well as five hand towels. Our check-in (took 15 minutes at most) was seamless and the friendly, helpful staff were wonderful. One example of the excellent customer service provided was the friendly, helpful Activities coordinators (especially, Cyndi, Heidi, and Christina). They were available during breakfast and their approach was friendly and helpful without being invasive. Conversation began by asking if we were having a good time and what our planned activities were for the day. They, then, offered any help with suggestions, experiences, and offers to make registrations. We accepted their offer to make our reservations for Star of Honolulu and Polynesion Cultural Center (twi-light dinner and show). In both cases, we had great reservations (7th row for the PCC show and front table for the Star of Honolulu show). We couldn't have been happier with our stay. With 3 women sharing a room, the spaciousness of the suite was awesome and fit us perfectly. Large bathroom, two lanais, queen size beds (very comfortable), and huge rooms (both living/dining room and bedroom) made our stay an absolute joy. We will never choose any other hotel again now that we know how it feels to be pampered. There other amenities provided such as free use of the business center to check email or print boarding passes, free phone calls, and unbelieveable breakfast choices were perfect to suit all our needs. We also had an unusual request to weigh our suitcases for our return trip, and the bellhop service came through for us by providing a scale and weighing our suitcases prior to check-out. All I can say is you won't be disappointed choosing Embassy Suites as your hotel of choice.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BCadena
<Content>Absolutely Awesome Home Away From Home!!!! My friend and I went to Hawaii for the Best Western Convention for the year,and for me this was my first time in Hawaii, my boss had previously been there and highly recommended us to stay at the Embassy Suites he really wanted us the managers to have fun and enjoy our trip and time away from work since we are also in the hotel business so we took his recommendations and his assistant also had read the reviews on Trip Advisor and got us convence that it was the best place to stay in Hawaii,We were glad that we were there. We arrived there on the 17 and stay there for 7 nights ,the minute we arrived they offered us a drink and I had the pleasure to be check in by Andrew Boyd, he is very profesional and extremly friendly, after that he became our best friend in Hawaii, employees like him really make a huge difference in the hospitality industry, we would see him every evening and was always as charming.The manager reception was another plus for us , every evening we went for some drinks and snaks, music was always good,and the hot breakfast is outstanding, on the previous night before we left I got a hold of the chocolate straberries and boy are those yumi,yumi.... the bell supervisor gentelmen was also another really bright employee from the Embassy, I wish I could still all those star employees and bring them to add them to my current team in San Diego.I would definitly recommend this hotel to any one that is looking for a great stay in Hawaii,either for pleassure or business,they got you all covered .THANK YOU to all the hard working employees at the Embassy for making my stay a memorable one!!Thank you Andrew , the chocolate straberries gentelmen,the bell men supervisor and our friendly housekeeper, she does an excellent job!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>littletm
<Content>Good Value in Honolulu The Embassy Suites in Honolulu isn't actually on Waikiki Beach, but it's close enough to provide easy access without the higher cost of those on the beach. It's a typical Embassy Suites property, with a complimentary breakfast and manager's reception above the norm. Breakfast includes excellent fresh fruit in a very nice setting. The reception features live Hawaiian music and dancing, with tropical drinks as well as standards.Thanks to a new Trump property, any view of the ocean is likely to be limited, so don't get too excited about a room on the ocean side.The hotel is conveniently located near plenty of restaurants and shops, as well as public transportation - a great value.The desk staff and bell staff were extremely friendly and helpful. It's really a very good value for the location.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	3	

<Author>dntadventurers
<Content>Fantastic - Ready to go back!       Spacious Bedroom  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sammk
<Content>Good location, Great time Embassy is great. From the valet parking; to the check-in where you get a glass of OJ. The valet and bell people were terrific. The service was wonderful.We had an ocean view room, 2 queen beds in a separate room with a hide-a-bed in the living room. QUIET room in the Aloha tower on the 21st (top) floor.The highlight to me was the manager's reception. I know some reviewers think this was tacky. But the food is snack food by design. They serve hamburgers, chicken fingers, nacho's for the kids etc. for a price. But, the bartenders make strong drinks. Well worth the free price. Throw a dollar or two in the tip jar and your set.. Breakfast buffet had everything you would want. Omlettes, French Toast, Pancakes, Cereal etc.The beach near the hotel (across a small side street) and down a short path is small and doesn't have many waves to bodysurf. We went down toward Kuhio Beach to get more waves and see more people. That's what you do in Waikiki anyway, people watch.Highly recommend this hotel. Walking distance to everything fun on Waikiki  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Misty9577
<Content>I Absolutely LOVED This Hotel!!!!!!       Picture outside our balcony-hotel in background is Hilton Hawaiian Village.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelingprincess05
<Content>The best Hotel in waikiki After doing a lot of research and review reading My sisters and I decide to a spend a relaxing week away from the mainland at the Embassy Suites Waikiki Beach Walk and loved Every minute.Upon arrival we received a complimentary drink and Cd although arriving 2 hours early from an exhausting flight we able to check in early . We had a two bedroom suite which was extremely spacious and accomadating we didn't get a partial view suite but were given one by the gracious staff. we were located right next to the Trump tower and heard nothing . Despite other reviews, the breakfast here was outstanding and by the way it is FREE large selection and lots of fresh fruit made this an extra added value. I personally find it very hard to find a comfortable hotel bed even at the most luxurious hotels but The beds here were great . The location was perfect within walking distance of great shopping ,great food and the beach. If You need beachfront access from your hotel room tent city is about 20 up the H1 ! literaly the beach is steps away . Paying for valet parking isn't on my list of favorite things to pay for but our valet Guy Daniel made it totally worth every penny, never waited more than 3 minutes for my car . Loved our stay so much we will be returning next year!!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Bystedt
<Content>Good location, good value Before staying at the Embassy Suites Waikiki Beach Walk hotel I read the reviews here and had very high expectations. For the most part, the hotel delivered on these expectations. I would like to highlight a few things that stood out beyond what you'll read in the other excellent reviews on this site.**THE GOOD**SPACEThe rooms/suites are very spacious and practical. This is the best feature about this hotel.CHECK-INFriendly staff at check-in with mini mocktails and a free Hawaiian CD.VALET PARKINGAlthought a little steep at $25/day, they were very friendly and efficient.LOCATIONThe hotel is surrounded by a number of excellent restaurants including Roy's and a fantastic little Italian place called Arancini. Tons of shops are also within walking distance.**THE BAD**THIN WALLSThe rooms have really thin walls and you can easily hear conversations in adjacent rooms. If you have noisy neighbors and you're a light sleeper, you might have sleep issues. HOTEL POOL BARThe Pakini bar at the pool closed at 5pm on most days we were there, which was fairly disappointing considering the excellent location and ambience at nighttime.BREAKFASTThe buffet breakfast had a cafeteria feel to it with a large open area with tables. Food was fairly basic and the selection was quite limited. For instance, there were no real options for different bread types (just bagels or toast - no rye, wholewheat, multi-grain, etc.) or cereals (no muesli) and there were no boiled eggs (hard or soft) or sandwich meats/cheeses. Having recently been to stay at a similar level of hotel in Helsinki (Finland) this was the area that really stood out as a disappointment at the Embassy Suites. The one good thing was that they had some Japanese breakfast options. OVERALL FEELThe hotel didn't have a luxurious feel to it. Doors, furniture, fittings, the shower-in-shallow-tub did have a slight mid-range hotel feel to it. Maybe I expect too much but I was hoping for a bit more of a luxury experience at this hotel. For this reason, I would not recommend this hotel to honeymooners or others who want a really special experience in Honolulu.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>kiwimum2
<Content>Excellent in every way We are a family of 4 and had the pleasure of staying at the Embassy Suites. We had requested a partical ocean view room and was delighted with the room we received. Our corner suite had views directly over the pool/breakfast area and out to the sea. Being a corner suite meant we had a extra set of windows along one wall offering this great view. We loved having a seperate bedroom with 2 comfortable queen beds and a seperate living area with a very comfortable sofa bed. The breakfasts are adequate and alway replenished quickly, if I was to be very fussy I would have liked a white tablecloth on the table rather than eat off a tray! The managers reception is nightly offering an open bar from 5.30 - 7.30pm which included cocktails, spirits, wine, beer and soda, they also provide entertainment and snacks. Embassy Suites has ideal location, shops and great restaurants on the ground floor. We ate at Ruth Chris Steak House and The Yard House both meals were great and only steps to your hotel lobby. The beach is only a short walk across the road. Our room was very quite but over the weekend The Yard house at the bottom of the hotel becomes a nightclub at 10pm so we did hear some music from that but not enough to bother us. I would definately stay there again and recommend to friends and family.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>TeamIguana
<Content>Perfect - except Trump Tower view We stayed here for 4 nights in early September '08. I would say everything was pretty much perfect except our partial ocean view was basically of the new Trump Tower. I suppose I should take my wrath out on Trump more than Embassy Suites. Also, by requesting a king bed in one of the two bedrooms I think I doomed my party to such a view. Requesting two queens in each room might have prevented our plight. The description of partial ocean view was actually quite accurate. If you stood away from the sliding doors about 15 feet and looked out, all you saw was the ugly grey, frame work of the Trump Tower. However, if you were on the balcony or even on the couch closer to the doors (and closed the curtains two-thirds) all you would see was the ocean and the sail boats. If you look at enough pictures you will realize this hotel is not exactly on the beach. But there is a view of the ocean between the corridors of the hotels in front and that view is pretty spectacular in itself. I hate to keep bringing up the Trump Tower but I can only imagine how wonderful a view there must have been just a year prior - because behind the Trump Tower is a government facility (meaning no high rises) which is more of a park, and behind that is just coastline and ocean. By the way, the Trump Tower construction is up to about 20 floors and I believe by the time it is done it will be over 40 floors.Enough about the view and the Trump Tower. Just go in with the expectation that there might be a bit of construction Monday through Friday and it does basically overlook the pool.Speaking of the pool, it met our needs. I can see how it might be small during the summer time when it is full of kids, but I was able to do some simple lap swimming every morning when it opened at 9am. And it has a nice shallow section for small kids. So the pool was just right.The breakfast was fine. True, it is the same food every morning but what do people expect? I find it to be a nice time saver having a breakfast buffet downstairs, not to mention it is a lot cheaper than eating out. They have a nice omlette station and a good selection of fresh fruit. And of course they have the usual selection of pastries, potatoes and bacon/sausage.The parking is a pain at $25/night. Most tourists need a car in Honolulu to get out of the city but if you are only there to see Waikiki, maybe consider shuttling in direct from the airport. There are lots of restaurants within walking distance, not to mention all the shops too. Getting to the beach required a short trek (maybe 5 minutes) from the ground floor to the public beach access outlet. The nearby beach is basically at the very end of what most know as Waikiki Beach. It was convenient for me to take my toddler. All we needed was a pile of sand and some ocean water. But I think the main beach scene was a bit farther away. Getting back to the hotel, the ammenites were satisfactory. The fitness room was open 24 hours. It seemed clean with a decent selection of a few treadmills and free weights. Most of the equipment had TV screens and there were some other screens in the corner of the rooms. It was stocked with towels, a water cooler and disposable earphone covers for the TVs. Don't expect anything huge. It was small but served its purpose.The rooms were quite well furnished. Everything seemed quite modern. The microwave and refrigerator in the room are Embassy Suite trademarks that I basically expect when I travel now. The in-room safes are large enough for a laptop and the free in-room internet connection seemed fast enough for work purposes.Housekeeping was a bit slow as some reviewers have previously mentioned. Being on the upper floors did seem to slow down the staff getting to the rooms. But they did a fine job once they got there.I would normally have given a 5 star review but that Trump Tower is so annoying. It almost would have been better to request a city view and just stared at the hotels on the other side. But it is always nice to be able to see the water, even if you have to close one of your eyes when looking out the windows just to get an unobstructed view! Other than that, this Embassy Suites was just fine!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>indo717
<Content>Perfecto! My family stayed at the Embassy Suites Beach Walk for 6 days to celebrate my husband and son's birthday. It was their first time to Hawaii and Embassy Suites helped make the experience a memorable one. From the staff, to the suites, to the daily free breakfast - this hotel exceeded our expectations. Like many other reviewers, the only inconvenience we experianced was the noise from all the construction going on next door, but was really not that bothersome at all. The beach was literally across the street and shops and restaurants are abundant in the surrounding area. The beach walk is especially pretty at night, as the streets are lined with lit tiki torches. If you are traveling with your family (especially those with younger children), Embassy Suites is the place to stay! We can't wait til our next visit.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gwlane
<Content>Embassy Suites Was Inpressive       Pool at Embassy Suites  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mavium
<Content>Wonderful place and close to the beach Stayed at the Embassy Suites Beachwalk from September 14 to September 19, 2008. Wonderful facility and close proximity to the beach. Room was very spacious, clean, and with modern ammenities. Main reason we booked this hotel was for the free internet, free breakfast, free refrigerator, free microwave, and close proximity to the beach. Noise from the building construction next door was not an issue. Would highly recommend property when visiting Honolulu. For trips within Hawaii, suggest contacting Roberts Hawaii.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>luv2travel822
<Content>Location, Location, Location We stayed here for three nights at the start of our two week vacation. We are fans of the Embassy, and it is not the first time we have stayed at one of there properties. The room was comfortable and clean, the fridge is nice to have. The hot breakfast buffet and managers evening reception are the added bonus for us. Wakiki is very expensive, and having the buffet in the morining to start your day was wonderful, and the reception in the evening to have a cocktail and snack before heading out to dinner was also wonderful. Reception snack changed daily, so that was nice and there is also nightly entertainment. Reception bartenders very friendly. The beach is one block up and there is a paved path between the Outriggar and another hotel but it is narrow and lined with rat traps (this is not maintained by Embassy) and smells like trash. When walking to the beach come out of the hotel near the front desk and turn left, cross the street and turn right there is another path to the beach that is very nice. Most of the staff was very nice, some of the front desk staff could have been more friendly and the staff member preparing the omletts was downright rude. Donald Trump has to be the biggest you know, and he is building a 20 something story hotel next door, they were on floor 22 when we were there, so the construction noise can be a bit annoying when at the pool. However, remember this is a big city and it is noisy regardless. Our view was of his building, but I did not mind, I found it quite interesting, and we could see the rest of the city also. One of the best things is you can take the escalator down from the pool/reception area on the 4th floor and you are smack dab in the beach walk area of shops and resturants, very cool.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>travelgirl88
<Content>Overall a Nice Place to Stay       View from the end window with hotel pool and other tower  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>malcovemagnesia
<Content>big modern hotel on Waikiki, not much of a beach view       dinner at Roys (downstairs) was delicious  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>FamilyHoliday_8
<Content>Great location We stayed for 7 nights in one of the 1 bed suites. Our family, 2 adults, a 5 yr old and a 2 1/2 yr old thoroughly enjoyed our time at the property.The location is so central that you can easily explore waikiki from your doorstep.We were very impressed with the managers cocktail party each night. Open bar for 2 hours with some local entertainment. The included buffet breakfasts were also very nice and were perfect when travelling with a couple of young children.There are so many good restaurants within 100 metres of the property. For a special occasion you could not go past the service and food at Ruth Chris's Steakhouse next door to the property.I read a lot of reviews that refer to the construction noise of the Trump Hotel next door. In one week at the property we heard some construction noise when we were at the pool once and this was only minor.Other reviews also talk about the noise from the elevators. Our room was across the hall from the elevator doors and we heard no noise whatsoever from the lifts.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>yankinoz
<Content>A great hotel We just returned from 8 days at the Embassy Suites Waikiki Beachwalk and could not have had a better experience, especially with a one bedroom suite, complimentary cooked breakfast and cocktails for the rate we paid. We stayed at the Moana Surfrider the last time we were in Honolulu and Embassy Suites was by far a better property.Everyone there was most helpful and friendly. But to be honest, we found practically EVERYONE in Honolulu to be like this. It was amazing. We asked for a room not next to the lifts and on a high level and we got it. One reviewer said that breakfast was a bit like Disneyland and yes, it was quite crowded and hectic, but the staff cleared the tables quickly and there was always a ton of food. They also changed things around, e.g. sometimes waffles, other times french toast. (The waffles were just a bit dry, the french toast was excellent - and both times there was warm maple syrup available).My 10 year old befriended the omelette maker who made impressive omelettes.I loved the fact that we had the choice of either sending our clothes to the laundering service or using their well-equipped and well-priced laundry. I loathe spending over $1 to have a pair of underpants washed!The only thing that I would recommend to the hotel is to provide a retractable drying line in the bathroom over the bathtub.The location of this hotel is great. We could get every where we wanted on foot or by car. And there is a wonderful variety of food, in all price ranges within walking distance. And great shopping! Would definitely stay here again and have been recommending it to everyone.We didn't want to leave.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>worldtaveller18
<Content>My disaapointing stay at the Embasssy Suites I stayed at the Embasy Suites on Monday, August 18th. I had read the trip advisor comments and look forward to my visit. I wanted to stay at my first hotel choice so I called to see about a cancellation. The hotel said no due to the less than seventy two hour notice. However, they told me the hotel was over booked and they were sending guest to other hotel properties. I said, I am willing to give up my room so another guest will not have to be moved. She looked up my reservation and saw that I was not one of the guest that was forced to move. The hotel allowed a guest to be moved, after I agreed to give up my hotel room. I would check if you book this location during high season that you will not be moved to a different locaction because the hotel was over booked. I went early to do my check in -and both times on the phone and in person-the ladies were just short and rude-everything is black and white with their responses to you. I asked for my check in package to review for any interesting deals, since I was not going to be there until later. The package was not available. I check in later and found out that Roy's had this awesome deal-$39.50 for a three course meal! I was so upset they did not give this to me earlier-I took my time to get my package-and found out only from five to six you could take advantage of the discounted price-that would have been good news to know-Also-your benefits only are offered during the exact time of staying-not a moment before or after-I wanted to know after I checked in-can I go to breakfast-nope-your room is not ready until later-you can not take advantage of benefits until check in time at 3 pm. I went to the managers reception-you literally receive a few raw vegetables and chips and salsa-no island fruit-I thought the caliber of the hotel could have been better-the manager was asking for a coupon that is needed to show for the reception-only to me-the guest in front of me-he said-how was your stay-anything that I can do for you-so-if you are older-no problem-you will be treated fine-if you have good genes and are older, but look younger-he treats you different-the drinks-if you are a well drink or beer person-unilimited drinks for you-but wine person-do not bother-two buck chuck would have been a better choice than what they served-the room is comfortable-functional-flat screen in both the bedroom and sitting room-but noisy-from outside and with people next door-you can hear-plus-no views from the hotel-unless you were pretty high-I would not recommend because other places give you more bang for your buck-but the morning buffet-you have everything-plenty of food=and the bell men-they are the best-I loved them-they were so friendly-and helped me with keeping my bags-my over all impression-not focus on customer service-I use this website all the time-I hope my honest opinion helps another person-I am also a hilton honors member-another reason for staying-and if you are one-they have nothing to give you here  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cowboyTexas
<Content>Nice hotel, some disappointments This was our second stay at the Embassy Suites Beach Walk. The first stay (summer 2007) was better than our recent visit.What we like: relatively spacious rooms, new hotel, close to shopping and restaurants, close to beach, nice breakfastDislikes: 1. Trump tower construction noise is a modest annoyance during breakfast and occasionally caused stopped traffic on the only access road to the hotel2. Concierge desk (in lobby, and next to the breakfast area) will not give honest opinions and good guidance because they are actually working for themselves via kickbacks. Case in point: one concierge at breakfast tried to sell surfing lessons for $70 (and tried a pressure-sale by saying that the lessons were almost sold out), when you can actually walk-up and get lessons at multiple locations for $40).3. We had a smoker in an adjoining room, and the hotel staff would not track him down and make him stop. We had to switch rooms, and lost a view of Diamondhead and beach in the process. The manager did discount our room rate though.4. The southern tower is better than the northern tower (forgot the names of each tower). The northern tower only has 2 elevators, so you have no choice but to cram as many people in as possible, or never leave your floor!Advice: 1. select the southern tower if possible2. ask the bellhops or the valet parking staff for guidance instead of the concierge staff! Unlike the concierge, they were very helpful. The valet staff are especially nice.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bpatters
<Content>Great vacation at the Embassy Suites Waikiki Beach Walk       View of the pool from the 19th floor  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>xbioman
<Content>Good value, but lots of construction We had a one bedroom suite and it was nice and roomy. Decent view although the new Trump Tower being built next door has almost destroyed their view for most rooms on the West side of the hotel. The down side right now is the noise. The Trump Tower crew starts work about 7:00 AM and the Outrigger next door is also undergoing rennovation. We are not late sleepers so it was not that big a deal, but it is very noisy on the West facing rooms. If you are going now, try to get an East (Diamond Head) facing room.The breakfast buffet is good, great selection, but the atmosphere is kind of like eating at Disneyland. Crowded, noisey, not at all relaxing.Overall though, this hotel is a very nice value given the room size, friendly staff, services and location.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Hawaii6
<Content>Loved the Embassy Suites!!       View from our room - 1123  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Julia_Doug
<Content>Great place to stay Great location - close to the beach, shopping and restaurants! Everyone from the front desk staff to the housecleaning staff were friendly and accommodating. The room was large and roomy, clean and had a decent view. The best part was the breakfast provided by the hotel - a large variety of cooked foods, fruits, cereals, etc. and included a cooked to order omelet. The complimentary drinks, appetizers and entertainment provided during the manager's reception was also a bonus. I would certainly recommend this hotel to our friends and when we return to Waikiki, I will certainly return to this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gokc1
<Content>Highly Recommended       Pool Deck on Floor 4  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Salmuabe
<Content>Highly Recommend the Embassy Suites Waikiki Beach Walk       View from our room (towards the oecan/beach)  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>hellokittyluver
<Content>Great Hotel My family just returned from Waikiki Beach. Several reviews stated that noise was a factor. During our stay, the noise was not a factor. We were in the Aloha Tower. The breakfast buffet was excellent, especially the omelet bar! The evening reception served awesome mai-tais. The munchies were the same every evening, chips and salsa, veges and dip, goldfish crackers, etc.We had a rental car for a day, and the valet service got our car out quickly each time. They let us check in early at 1:00 pm and we received our complimentary drink upon arriving and received our complimentary Hawaiian CD. It was really convenient to be next to the new Waikiki Beachwalk with all the new restaurants and stores close by. I would definitely recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>lovetotravel00
<Content>Family friendly in a great location       View of ocean from Embassy Suites cormer room, 18th floor  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>st0ked
<Content>Loosen up We were a little concerned that the construction noise would be too much. Not at all bad and our room looked directly at the 18th floor of Trump. There was more noise coming from the hotel across the street on the ocean side. There was an ocean view if I stood on my tip toes or hung over the lanai but the real view was the city at night. What a great place. if you're bothered by a little noise, maybe you should stay someplace other than Waikiki. Loud music, loud vacationers and FUN. We didn't know what to expect upon arival. The desk staff seemed a little snooty. (He had to put down his newspaper to help us) Due to delays, we had been traveling for quite some time and looked it. It's a nice hotel but it's an Embassy not the Waldorf. Loosen up a little bit. We were given a King in the Aloha tower. The bedroom was right next to the elevator. The sound of the cables was the first thing that we noticed. When I called the desk I was informed that all king rooms in that wing were next to the elevators. We decided to stay and I'm glad that we did. It was the view over the city and the park that won me over and I didn't really notice the elevator cables for the rest of the stay. There's plenty of great dining choices just feet from the hotel. No hotel restaurant but if you're hungry and don't want to walk the 150 feet there's good food at the pool bar.Breakfast was fine and the late afternoon entertainment was fun. Milan at the concierge desk was extremely helpful. With his guidance we were able travel the entire island without once renting a car. You haven't lived Oahu to it's fullest until you've done it by bus like the locals do. (He also knows the best places to party!)Another tip is to allow for an extra $5 a day as a tip for your maid. You paid big bucks for this vacation and that paultry $5 will be well worth it. For that extra $30 during our stay, we had the best maid service anywhere! The room was cleaned by our schedule and everything was perfect.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	5	4	

<Author>rbross50
<Content>Great Hotel for Our Family My family of 4, 2 adults and 2 late teens, had a very nice stay at the Embassy Suites in June of this year. I had read a lot of the reviews and was prepared for the construction noise and possible slow elevators. We never had any problems with the elevators and we had the tower away from the construction and never heard any noise. We never used the pool, so I cannot comment on the noise factor there. We were on an upper floor and never experienced any street noise or other tennants noise. My wife is a very light sleeper and she had no problems. We had a one bedroom and it worked well with the four of us. The breakfasts each morning were a wonderful way to start our morning. Nice that it opened very early in AM. After a very busy day, it was nice at the evening reception to sit with a drink and some veges and chips before dinner. Walk to the beach was quick and heart of Waikiki Beach was only 10-15 min away. Many many restaurants and places to shop also were close. ABC stores were plentiful and close. We did rent a car and I was prepared for the 25.00/day valet parking. They were quick and friendly and it was nice having them take care of the car. Long review, but it was difficult trying to decide where to stay, and my family was glad I finally decided on Embassy Suites. I would not hesitate to stay here again  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>MochaRose
<Content>What a pleasure! My boyfriend and I stayed in a one-bedroom suite when we visited Waikiki Beach last weekend for his family reunion, and our entire stay was a treat, starting with the complimentary welcome cocktail as you check in. I found our room to be cool, clean, and comfortable, with a beautiful city view, mini fridge and microwave for our convenience, and even two flat screen TVs. The complimentary fresh cooked breakfast was wonderful every morning (the omelette station is a must), the pool was beautiful with a bar of yummy island cocktails, and the overall appearance of the hotel was lovely. The hotel is a very short walk from Waikiki Beach, and in the middle of a promenade of quality shopping, touristy shopping, and restaurants. Think Rodeo Drive, but with lit island torches. And the staff was very helpful and knowledgable of the area--they were able to make recommendations and get us transportation to wherever we needed to go, for a reasonable few dollars. The only downside was the construction of the Trump tower next door, which provided a little noise, and a not so lovely visual from the pool, and some rooms. But otherwise, I would highly recommend the Embassy Suites for an island stay experience that is truly sweet.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>BLove4444
<Content>Wonderful Location This hotel was a wonderful place to stay while on vacation with my extended family. There were 14 people in all, and no one had a bad thing to say about the hotel. (VERY unusual, especially for my mother and I ... both hotel SNOBS!) The rooms were clean and spacious. There was a small refrigerator, coffee maker, and a microwave. The included breakfast was outstanding, probably the best one I have ever seen. There is everything you could possibly want to eat in the morning. Made to order omelette's, fresh fruit, breakfast potatoes, several assorted pastries, breakfast meats, etc. You can even sit outside in the sun which makes for a great start to the day.The staff was extremely helpful in every way. The people in the gift shop/ store were so welcoming they treated us like we were family. They even learned some of our names. :-) Any staff we encountered or asked questions to were more than willing to give us help or opinions on activities, dining, etc. The managers reception every night was awesome. For 2 hours, you could get free cocktails and snacks in the same area breakfast was served! (Right by the pool)This hotel is not located right on the beach, however it was a short walk across the street and did not seem to bother anyone in our large group. The location was wonderful. It was located right on the 'Beachwalk' where there are numerous great restaurants and wonderful shopping. Honestly, it was the perfect location on Waikiki. If you get the chance, check out the Hula Grill. We had an excellent meal with great service, and the view of the ocean was incredible.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	3	

<Author>PTcruisin
<Content>Loved the Embassy Suites We stayed for 6 nights in a one bedroom suite. We were in suite 829 in the Hula Tower. First impression was that checking was friendly and efficient, then the room was at the end of the floor and had a view of the ocean, which we did not expect. The evening managers reception was great. Only minor criticism is that they didn't vary the snacks each day, to give some variety for those staying a week. Breakfast was top notch. Bedroom was quiet and comfortable. The staff were all friendly and helpful, with one minor exception - a concierge who was less than helpful/interested. But as I say this was an exception. I had some trouble with internet access but plugged my own cable in (insetad of using the hotel's cable) and it worked fine. Great location with various family freindly restaurants a short walk away (we frequented PF Changs). Great relaxing place to stay and great for families (our kids are 6 and 8 years of age). I'll be returning to this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>hawaiinbound
<Content>Lots of Aloha here! This is a very clean and new hotel. There was good noise insulation from the outside. Very quiet. Room looked over gorgeous pool area with balcony. Could see the ocean through the buildings and hear the nightly music and hoola dancers perform. We had a 2 bedroom suite for four kids and ourselves and it was perfect space for all. Buffet was yummy and fresh every morning. Strawberries dipped in chocolate were offered free every afternoon by the pool. Delivered personally by the head chef. Nice touch. Entertainment staff and pool staff were gracious and welcoming. Coctail hour was nice with snacks. My kids looked forward to the food everyday and helping themselves. Shopping was great nearby...beach was rocky...walk down further to use Waikikii Beach. Trump noise was not bad at all. Pool perfect for kids at only 4 ft at deepest with jacuzzi. Try a Lava Flow from the bar. Was great!Clean, Comfy,Family Friendly, Fun and convenient to restaurants and entertainment. Could walk to everything from this location. Perfect for large family with kids like our. Have fun when you go here. Aloha!!!!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>707thecode
<Content>Nice Hotel with Minor Inconveniences       Another Trump Tower View )-:  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	2	

<Author>nat148
<Content>Loved the location 7 of us stayed at the Embassy Suites for my mother in laws 60th. We had 2x2 bedroom suites and they were great. Always clean and a great size. Staff were very helpful and I dealt with most of them during our stay asking directions and recommendations. Food is hard for us Kiwi's to get used to. Not our usual breakfast but hubby made great use of the omelette chef. Yes there is construction going on as the new Trump Tower is being built next door but it never bothered me. I have kids and am used to switching off to loud noise. I liked the location and the fact it is not on the beach front did not bother me as we were going to Maui and only went swimming at Waikiki once since it is not exactly a great beach. I would definately return.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>slub007
<Content>Good and Bad but mostly good OK. I stayed here just last week and was here for 6 days. I came with my girlfriend and chose this because it was one of the most highly rated here that was available. This is my experience while checking in...I got there and (because I'd read about the construction and also warned not to get a room next to elevators) I requested a room away from both. I was told that the only rooms with King beds was next to the elevator. I was also told that there were none with Kings away from contruction. I was given the option to pay an additional $50 per night to get a room with 2 beds on a high floor away from elevators and Trump construction. I was extremely annoyed because I felt like I was the victim of the old 'bait an switch'. It was terrible way to start a vacation. Nevertheless, i paid it because I'd rather pay more for peace than ruin my entire vacation. Once I got to the room , it had a wonderful view and the decor, etc. was nice.This is the list of pros and cons based on my experience there...Pros:Location (right in the edge of Waikiki and you can get to just about anything on the beach from here)Newness (the room was updated and modern)Staff (friendly and courteous)Business Center (Internet access..whoo hoo!)Breakfast (the breakfast buffet is probably the most memorable thing about the hotel)Managers Reception (can't go wrong with free drinks. the snacks were not that good but it WAS free)Cons:Pool (always crowded with wayyy too many kids. Can you consider an adults-only hour or two a day?? One day, a young girl threw up in the )Location (the front of the hotel is on the Trump construction side and it's a pretty small narrow street. Some tour buses are not allowed down this street because they don't fit.)Fitness room (This was small and while they DID have quite a few treadmills, it's inadequate for weighlifters)Final thoughts: If you're looking for a hotel with lots of 'stuff' then this is the wrong place for you. The Hilton Waikiki Village has shops on th epremises and a private lake, etc. It seems to be more adult friendly. I've heard that they nickel and dime you to death and it's older and tackier. If the hotel for you is one that's clean, and provides a good home base so that you can explore the island. I'd recommend the Embassy Suites.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	4	5	

<Author>ejm3
<Content>Construction Notwithstanding, a Nice Hotel Before I booked this place I knew 3 things from reading Trip Advisor:1) Construction noise (thanks Donald)2) Lots of kids3) It ranked #5 in Honolulu, where there are about 8 million hotelsAfter having stayed there for 6 nights, I can confirm that there is in fact construction noise, a fair amount of kids (no big deal really) and it was a clean, nice hotel in a great location for a decent price. I paid $249/night AAA rate and I didn't feel overcharged at all.A couple things to note:1) If you select a room with a king-size bed you will be next to the elevators and they will annoy you all night long. We moved to a room with two double beds and while not our first choice it was much quieter and we were happy.2) The construction noise is very real and very annoying. However, our second room was in the Aloha tower on the side away from the construction and noise was a non-issue after that. If you have a room on the side where the construction is happening it will probably bother you. Something to consider.You will not, however, be able to escape the noise while at the pool. If you wait until 3pm to visit the pool you will avoid the noise.3) I was unaware of the free breakfast when I booked the hotel and was very pleasantly surprised. The food was good and there was plenty to choose from. This is NOT the cheesy continental breakfast most US hotels offer. They also have a Manager's Reception each evening with free drinks and snacks.4) Valet parking is mandatory and costs $25/day before tips. We were able to rent a car for the day for $38 and returned it that night. That might be a better solution if you're a cheapskate like me.Overall the staff was friendly and helpful. Suite setup is great and bathroom is quite large.Location is great with plenty of shops  restaurants nearby and the beach is a 5 minute walk.The ABC Store (2 right outside the hotel) will have everything you'll need at reasonable prices. I would definitely recommend this hotel to friends and family and would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>giddyup_IRL
<Content>Enjoyable stay - will return! We really enjoyed our stay at the Embassy Suites Waikiki.Pros:Great breakfast - nice buzz in the mornings.Pool are and bar were nice.Room was perfect - clean, modern plenty of room.Great location.Evening reception everyday was super - we didn't even know about this so it was a great bonus.Cons:3 pm check-in sucks if you arrive early after a long flight with young kids. The reception staff are clearly trained to just tell me people to whistle dixie if they arrive early - no flexiblity about it and the bad news was not delivered with any charm. This really soured our first day at the hotel. I was fully aware that the check-in time was 3pm but it's the first time I have not been able to get checked-in early anywhere in a hotel which was far from full.Construction going on beside the pool area is ugly and at times noisy but it was not a big problem for us - rarley payed it much attention.We will be back - and we'll try to book a later flight so we don't have to deal with surly reception folks.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	1	4	4	

<Author>cakp
<Content>This is an awesome hotel!!       dining area in room  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>adam_uh
<Content>Great Location The Bad:My stay started off to a rocky start. Trump is building a tower next door, I asked for a room on the opposite side of the construction and the front desk agent insisted it was. I asked a few times during the check in. When I got to the room I think it was as close to the construction as I could have gotten. When I went back to the fron desk, they said they had no more rooms. After 30 minutes and calling Hilton Honor's Diamond desk they finally gave me a room with two double beds in the other tower. They wouldn't give me an upgrade to a king bed, eventhough I'm a Diamond member with Hilton. The pool during the day is also loud because of the construction.The Good:Although I had a bad experience while checking in, the good well out weighed the bad. The service was great aside from the front desk. I met Mark, Assistant General Manager, the first night there and he remembered my name the entire trip, eleven days. Every night he greeted me by name at the manager's reception. The breakfast was great every morning and the staff was very nice and helpful. The hotel's location was ideal, although not on the beach, it was just a minute or so walk, but really close to restaurants and bars.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	2	4	3	

<Author>BearAndPenguin
<Content>Great hotel Embassy Suites was great. The building was very new and clean. The staff was friendly. The suite was large and comfortable. The breakfast and manager's reception were great. Proximity to the beach was good. If I was in Honolulu, I would definitely stay there again, however, if I was in Oahu, I would probably stay in a less crowded part of the island. Waikiki is nice but way too crowded - there are much prettier, calmer parts of the island.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Czern
<Content>Enjoyed Embassy Suites We stayed at Embassy Suites for six nights recently andthoroughly enjoyed our stay! Good location, nice staff,excellent breakfast in a spacious setting that felt like a smallapt instead of a hotel. The pool is very small and very noisyso to enjoy the experience a walk to the beach is mandatory,it's a short walk so no big deal. We had no problem withthe construction next door as we were up early to enjoy thesights. I would recommend the hotel drop the eveningreception even though there are free drinks, the so calledappetizers consisted of chips and melted fake cheese and goldfish, I would rather they focus on the excellent breakfastand skip the evening offering. Patrons are still getting goodvalue for their dollar without the evening reception. We found early bird specials at that hour to be a good value and better tasting then the manager's reception. I would like to extend a special mahalo and aloha to Jenny, our housekeeper during our stay, she did an excellent job and was very sweet!!We will be back, thank you Embassy Suites for an enjoyable stay!!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Portlandmama
<Content>Great value       beach near the hotel  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ALOHA_Kane
<Content>One night in Paradise, but Hey we live just 5 minutes away It was nice to have a night in Waikiki, playing tourist. After reading all the reviews before our night, there was no surprises. Yes , hotels amenities are as advertised. That saying is true that you can't satisfy everyone, proof in the previous reviews, but this Embassy does a great job.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Ednacooke
<Content>5 stars to Embassy After a travel agent couldn't find us a two bedroom apartment in Waikiki, (We have a 20 year old and a 19 years old and I didn't want to be cramped in one room like we have been, on our last two trips to Waikiki!!) a friend of mine mentioned Trip Advisor. What an incredible site! We came across Embassy Suites and crossed our fingers and booked it. Everything we read about the hotel was true. The staff were wonderful, so helpful and accommodating. The night before we left we had to send an important package back to Australia and they really went way beyond the call of duty to get it home for us. Even after we left there were problems with the courier and the staff took care of it. I couldn't recommend this hotel highly enough.The rooms were beautiful, the food was fantastic, the pool was awesome, as was the staff. My husband had an ear ache and the guy behind the tour desk actually took David around the corner to the doctors!! We love Waikiki and this hotel will always be our home away from home. We intend to come every year.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>worldtripper
<Content>Our least favorite part of our 11 nights in Waikiki We stayed here 4 nights.Ok, first~ you drive up to check in, and drop your car off. You are in like an entrance to a parking garage, but NO! This is the Lobby! For real! You walk past the parked cars and taxis, and this is there is the check in desk is, outside, next to the parked cars. WEIRD. Outside, next to the parked cars!No atmosphere at all!!! Good: I Like the suite set up, our partial ocean view was between two construction site, above the pool. There was a 'kitchen' area with mini frig. We liked the Large rooms, bathroom was big. Roy's restaurant was next to the elevator, we dined there once and sat overlooking a busy street. (ugggg) The Beachwalk was attached to the hotel was nice. Shops and restaurants. ABC was across the street, near our elevator: ...convenient!! Morning breakfast buffet was included our rate, and was great. Food was good. Bad:The huge construction site next door. I read this online, but it did NOT sink in: Hello: Read my lips: HUGE CONSTRUCTION SITE NEXT DOOR......!!! Within your whole visual realm. It was Ugly. This was ALL that we saw when we went onto our balcony and all we heard come Monday morning! We went to the pool and heard jack hammering!!!! Do NOT stay here if you want peace and quiet. Across the street was another hotel remodeling. We would leave the hotel and pray nothing would fall on the car in between the two construction sites!I wished we had stayed elsewhere. I apologized to my dh because I was in charge of hotels. :(Embassy is behind another hotel that is ON the beach. There are a LOT of children and their parents at this hotel.The one day we spent at the pool? FILLED WITH CHILDREN. I don't dislike kids, but it was not our scene. If you have kids and don't mind construction sounds~ this is your Hotel!  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	1	4	1	3	4	

<Author>ann1752
<Content>Loved the hotel and people We were there for two nights. Our entrie family was in Honolulu to take a family reunion cruise. The hotel staff was wonderful, and tried to accommodate our every wish. And they did it with a smile. The rooms were fantastic. The breakfast was great. The entertainment in the evenings were super and relaxing. Now that out vacation is over, somtimes I just go tto the website and look and the hotel and wish I was back again. I would stay at this hotel over and over again. My entire famil feels the same way. We really had a large group staying there and I did not hear one complaint from anyone in our party. All I heard was when can we get back to this hotel again.To The hotel staff thanks for such a clean hotel. And thanks for making our vacation a happy one.The Washingtons from Texas  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>philly54
<Content>Just OK I used my Hilton Honors points for this stay. The first room we got was next to the elevator and facing the construction. Iwas expecting that since I was using points. I laid down to take a nap as soon as I got there and all I could hear was the elevator going up and down and the dinging. I called down and asked to change rooms and they said no problem. We got a new room but were still facing the construction. The also did not offer to move our luggage. The issues I had with the hotel were the erratic elevators and the noise at the pool. The pool had a group of teens in it unsupervised and they were loud and horseing around. No one from the hotel would stop this even though they saw what was going on. If I were going back I would not pick this hotel.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DamianLittle
<Content>All the free stuff..for Hawaii.. WOW, what a nice place In the past I have been a guest at the Hilton Hawaiian Village and was very happy! The thing that always got me was all the extra stuff I had to pay for.. As a loyal Hilton Family guest, when I saw this new Embassy Suites I jumped on the opportunity to stay here, and this is the perfect place to stay. It is in the Hilton Family, and you get more then a room! The room was more then a room, it was a suites, as are all the rooms. Not your typical Embassy Suite type room, but still nice.. The suite had a small counter top with a snick, microwave, and mini -frig, a nice sized sitting with with balcony, the bedroom was also a nice size. Both the bedroom and sitting room had a flat panel TV. The bathroom was what I would call basic, nothing special. A good size and clean. Here is the best part, all the free stuff. There was a nightly managers reception around the pool area, with a limited open bar, more then beer on tap, you can get all types of mixed drinks. There was also a very nice hot food buffet. The breakfast was also very nice, with a large layout.. All this is in your room rate.. but wait there is more.. FREE Internet, and PHONE calls.. You get like 100 min free phone calls anywhere in the USA. Parking was the only extra free $25.00 per day, they only offer in-and-out valet parking. It was a nice service, but I do not like to tip someone every time I want my car.. As a Hilton Diamond member I really did not notice any thing special from all the other guest. The staff was nice, but you are just a number to them. I think you get this at any big resort area hotel. I would stay here over and over.. You get a nice bang for your buck.. You can walk to the beach in 5 min, and many rooms have very nice views.. A very good family place, and I was very happy with this place.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	4	4	3	3	5	

<Author>utaxid
<Content>NIce room and property but service was horrible. When we first arrived at the hotel we thought all was great. My husband and I are diamond members so we were upgraded to a very nice corner suite. The view from our balcony was nice. This will most likely not last for long since Trump is building a mega resort across the street. The accomodations in the room are decent however the beds are very uncomfortable. The housekeeping team at this hotel was horrible and made our stay less than great. Each and every day of our six night stay we had issues with them. They left dirty towels in our room one day, dirty glasses for several days, and on numerous occasions we had to call housekeeping to get toiletries that were meant to be left in the room. When we called to complain we were given the runaround. In fact when we asked to speak to the GM we were told that they did not know where he was and had no way to contact him. The area is very nice where this hotel is located but be very weary of the service at this property. We were very dissapointed with this property and will definitely not return to this property on our next trip to Hawaii.  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	3	1	3	

<Author>BigHarleyDog
<Content>Nice place to stay I recently stayed here for 4 nights and it is a good location, Yard House is attached on the Lewers side. The rooms are usual Embassy Suites style with separate Living Room and Bedroom, sofa bed, fridge, etc. The staff was relatively friendly, seemed more friendly to Asian guests than us white mainlanders. I have stayed at the Hilton Hawaiian Village and they have great beach access and ocean views, although the rooms are not as nice and do not include breakfast. The beach is one resort from the water, walkway between the Outrigger Reef across the street. Anyway, it's about a $30 taxi ride from the airport if you don't rent a car, and they only have valet parking, no self park. Not Harley friendly if you plan on renting, they will not allow you to park them at the property.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>UCDJay
<Content>Really good hotel, great value for the money I give the hotel 4 stars, and I'd add half a star after the Trump Tower construction is finished. It is a nice hotel with a friendly courteous, staff, good location, and the free amenities are a huge bonus.The Construction Issue:The noise wasn't too bad, it was noticeable but not overpowering during breakfast, and they stopped around the same time the reception began. We were in the Hula Tower and did not hear any of it from our room, even with the lanai doors open. Overall, it was noticeable but not distracting or too much of a nuisance. If you are sensitive to noise, then I would suggest staying at a different hotel.Value:The free breakfast is a great value, and it's probably save a couple 40-50 bucks a day, and even more if you are bringing a family. It was not too crowded and there was plenty of food. French Toast, Waffles, Pancakes, Eggs, Cereal, Oatmeal, Omelettes made to order, Bacon, Sausage, Fresh Fruit, Yogurt, Bread (White and Wheat), Bagels, Baked Goods, Coffee, Milk, Juice, and soda were all readily available. The food is fresh, and of decent quality. It's what you would find in a normal restaurant, not crappy cafeteria/dorm food.The manager's reception had snacks such as peanuts, chips, salsa, egg rolls, crab potstickers, cocktail sausages, salad, and other small snacks. They had well drinks, and the beer was Bud Light and Michelob Amber Bock.Staff/Service:One of our main complaints was the concierge service. They were unable to get us a rental car in Waikiki when we simply looked online and booked it ourselves through Budget. They were helpful in calling cabs and giving us shuttle information. I say book the activities on your own, but use them to get you taxis, shuttles, and other basic info. We had one housekeeper who wasn't very good, but another who was very nice and friendly, and waited till we left the room to start cleaning. Overall the staff was friendly, and accommodating, but again, book the activities yourself.Location/Facilities:The hotel is perfectly located. Its about a 1-2 minute walk to the beach, and there is plenty of shopping and restaurants all on the same block and within the area. The little Coco Cove convenience store is nice and a good way to pick up water, drinks, snacks, or other things that you don't want to walk very far to get. They also have Dole Pineapple Whip! The pool and spa area is nice, and was not very crowded. The bar is a little expensive but if you want to have a drink and relax by the pool its a nice convenience. The workout room was well equipped, but it was a bit too stuffy and hot, they definitely need more ventilation and fans. There is also free water in the workout room so if you have a refillable bottle you can just go in there and fill it up if you don't want to pay for water. The business center was very convenient, and the free printing is extremely helpful. Overall, I liked the decor, and the building was new, clean, and nice. Parking is expensive, $25 a day, so I suggest looking for parking elsewhere.I'd recommend this hotel, the free breakfast is a really nice touch and can save you a ton of money especially if you are bringing kids.  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	3	5	

<Author>TripGal27
<Content>Great Hotel We just returned from a trip to Waikiki  Kauai. We spent 3 nights at the Embassy Suites Waikiki Beach Walk and we were not dissappointed. The location is great, just a very short walk to the beach. The new beach walk is very nice with lots of shopping and restaurants. We had no problems with noise as others have mentioned. The rooms were clean and comfortable. Embassy Suites is always my kids favorite because of breakfast and Happy Hour. We were very pleased with the breakfast (lots of really good pineapple!) and in the evening Mai Tais and all the Shirley Temple's you can drink! We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>samjoco
<Content>Good location We spent a week at the Embassy Suites in a one-bedroom suite. The location is far better than most--just across the street and down a short walkway to the beach. Just down the hallway from the registration desk are several shops and fun eateries. The room was fine but a little smaller than other Embassy Suites we've stayed in. One pleasant surpise was that our city view room had a nice view of the ocean from the balcony. The courtesy breakfast was hit with the kids, offering pancakes, french toast, potatoes, omlets, scambled eggs, sausage, bacon, and breads every day. The kids loved the pool, which was very clean, with a little shallow area just right for our young ones. The hotel has a coin laundry facility, which after talking around, I found was rare for Waikiki.Our main disappointment with the hotel was the lackluster housekeeping. Several days there was still a lot of sand on the bathroom floor after cleaning. OUr kids made some big smudges on the coffee table and sliding glass door on the second day that were never removed. Overall though, it was a pleasant experience and I would recommend this hotel if you need the space offered by a suite.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>BobnCarolyn
<Content>Great value We just returned from a trip to Oahu and Maui. We stayed at the Embassy Suites Waikiki Beach Walk for three nights. The service was excellent after enduring an 11 hour flight. Valet took care of the car...bellhops at the ready for your luggage...sit down check in with fresh juice. The room was very spacious and clean. While there was not much of a view from the lanai(s)...there were two...they were very private.We were on a family vacation with two kids so the comp. breakfast was awesome. The omelets were wonderful. We also took advantage of the evening managers reception which was nice as well...appetizers, free beverages and entertainment in the pool area.The concierge was very helpful for directions and dinner recommendations.The location was good...a block away from the beach and beachwalk and an ABC Store just down the block!If we have an opportunity to return to Oahu, we would definitely stay at the Embassy Suites again.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Prieta116
<Content>wonderful place to stay       Lobby  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>richardsullivan
<Content>Huge breakfasts and lots of quiet. EMBASSY SUITES BEACHWALK - like no other Embassy Suites we鈥檝e ever stayed at. The entire Beachwalk/Lewers neighborhood in the heart of Waikiki has been demolished and REBORN, and it鈥檚 star attraction in the brand new Embassy Suites Waikiki Beachwalk. The suites are beautifully decorated in tasteful island style for the new millenium. There鈥檚 a flat screen TV in all rooms [not the baths, though] , kitchenette with microwave, refrigerator, sink, coffee maker and food prep area. The baths are beautiful with lots of under-sink storage and quality soaps, shampoo and the like. Buffet breakfast with omlette station is included, as are afternoon drinks and pupus by the pool with entertainment. The business center has free computer access and next to it, the fitness center is adequately equipped for everyone except maybe the professional bodybuilder. On site, much to our delight and also to that of the elegant Halekulani across the street, is ROY鈥橲 signature restaurant, and an instant local hit as the coolest new Waikiki hangout, the Yard House. Two stories of shopping adventures onsite. AND both a Coffee Bean and a Starbucks across the street? Perfect.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KatySeattleWA
<Content>New, clean and awesome location After reading the reviews, I booked this hotel. We have stayed at other hotels in Waikiki, yet this one was the best yet. It is very new and clean. We stayed in the Hula tower on the 18th floor. The suite had two rooms and a small dining table. It also had a partial ocean view and two balconies. I was most concerned with the noise issues. We brought earplugs and never used them. Yes, the noise starts at about 5:30am but, hey it is the city and all the hotels have the same noise issues. Even on the 18th floor we could hear the traffic, but that is what you get at the majority of hotels here. This hotel is literally one block off the beach near the north end of Waikiki a few blocks from the Hilton Hawaiian village. The beach here is clean and uncrowded. Perfect. For A hotel not being on the beach, this was the next best thing,The breakfast and live music in the am was awesome. It reminded me of a cruise ship type breakfast because of the huge variety of food. Cooked to order,too. Evenings also had a drink and small finger food reception every night. The people that worked here, worked hard to keep the place clean and tidy. The chef prepared a special plate of strawberries for my son . He came out and met my son and it was quite something. Thank you Glenn. The people were great. The location is close to many great restaurants and the International Market for shopping. It was a great hotel choice. The business office was wonderful and had the internet access and printers. The suites are so perfect for a family and the breakfasts and evening reception were awesome. Sure beats staying in a standard hotel room.We will be back....  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rahnjojada
<Content>Loved it...would stay there every year if we could! Absolutely great hotel with an incredible location! The rooms are very spacious, so if you have children, this is a perfect. Even if you don't have children, you will love the 2 room suites and flat screen TV's. The hotel is a 3 minute walk to the beach and a 2 minute walk to the Waikiki strip. There are restaurants and shops just minutes away. Plus, Embassy Suites is one of the only hotels to offer a complimentary breakfast buffet...it is really worth going to by itself. Be sure and call ahead to get the best rate. We used the government rate and paid a great price. We would definately recommend this to everyone we know.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KellyC70
<Content>Great Family Hotel! We just came home after 8 days at the Embassy Suites and had a wonderful time. We thought it was a great family hotel. We stayed in a 2 bedroom suite with our 3 children and my mother-in-law which was perfect for us. Both bedrooms and the main room had a flat screen television. The rooms were spacious and clean, and we had a partial ocean view which was nice. The construction from the Trump tower did not affect us - we never heard any construction noise as we were on the opposite side and the few times we were at the pool we didn't notice the construction noise either. We loved the area we were in - lots of great shopping, good restaurants and just a short walk to the beach. A previous review mentioned that the guests at the breakfast buffet were pushy and rude, but we didn't experience that at all. I found that everyone was very polite and people were patient and waited in line to get their food with no problems. The staff at the hotel were friendly and always helpful. We enjoyed the nightly entertainment with drinks and food in the evening the few times we were able to go. We had a pretty busy itinerary so we only went down 3 times in the 8 days we were there, but the entertainment was great and it was nice to sit down and relax with a drink before going out to dinner. We would definately stay at this hotel again and would recommend it to other families going to Waikiki.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>summerfun3711
<Content>Good location, however there are some negatives... My family of 5 and my parents stayed here for two nights at the end of our trip to Hawaii. Originally, we were booked to stay at the Hilton Hawaiian Village, but were able to add a night to our vacation but not to our reservation. Hilton let me know that they had availability at Embassy Suites. Having stayed at the Suites in Maui, and having such a positive experience, I thought that this would be a great alternative and booked the reservation, letting them know that my room would need to accomodate 5 people. (3 children, two adults, which did not seem to be a problem with the person taking the reservation --although he did inform me there was a fire code in Honolulu which allowed only four people in a room.) I also booked a suite for my parents and requested that the rooms be adjoining or close to each other. My last request was that if possible I would like a late checkout as our flight did not leave until 5pm. I prepaid the reservation and all seemed good.In terms of location, the hotel was a good choice--actuallly better than the Hilton Hawaiian Village since it was closer to the shops and other action of Waikiki. A negative to the location is that there is alot of construction going on across the street at Trump's new building and also at the Outrigger across the street. Construction starts early (although not a problem for us as my children are early risers) Also, the construction had more of an impact for us staying in the Aloha tower, which directly overlooks Trump's building, so much of the view is scaffoling and cranes.Another negative was with our checkin experience. Upon checkin, the woman informed me that I had too many people booked in my room, which was against fire code and that she would let me go this time. I informed her that Hilton had directly taken my reservation and that I had been forthcoming with the number of guests which they accepted and took my prepayment in full for. She still insisted she was doing me a favor and was quite rude and condescending. The interaction was embarssing to me as other people checking in heard the exchange. It was quite an unfriendly way to be greeted and left a bad taste in my mouth from the start. Next, she informed me that there was no way that my request for adjoining rooms could be honored. She could not even offer me rooms in the same tower. When I requested to speak to a manager, he informed me that although I had requested the adjoining rooms, I had not indicated that I was traveling with others--which left me slightly confused because whey else would I have requested adjoining and and prepaid two rooms if I was not traveling with the people--and quite honestly, what is the difference in requesting an adjoining room and indicating you are traveling with someone?The next negative was our room. We were taken to room 110 in the Aloha tower. In this room, there were no lanais, so the room felt like a closet as our only view was the Trump construction through a small window--no lanais or fullbig windows to open up the room.On a positive, my parents were in room 729 in the Hula tower. Their room had an ocean view, 2 lanai's--really nice. In general, rooms were clean, spacious and rather up to date decor--contrary to another Outrigger property we had stayed at in Waikiki on another visit. The manager's reception was ok-- Food offerings included cocktail meatballs, eggrolls, sliced sub type sandwiches, fresh broccoli and cauliflower, goldfish and on another night, fried zucchini. Not a bad selection for an appetizer to hold you over until dinner. Each reception included entertainment. Breakfast had many offerings. Eggs, breakfast meats, made to order omlettes, pancakes, fresh fruit, etc. There was definitely something for everyone. The pool is on the 4th floor. It is a nice pool and has a great toddler section. Only problem, it is kind of breezy on the fourth floor (wind seems to really move between the buildings. Also, pool is right alongside Trump property under construction.Other amenities offered were free wireless internet access, complimentary first 30 minutes on each long distance call, free printing, good selection of television channels. Regarding houskeeping, although we were on the 1st floor, they did not get to our room until after 3:30, when were coming back from being at the beach all day. We had to ask them to give us 20 minutes to clean up and then leave our room again so it could be cleaned. I should also note that our last request, a late check out, was also not honored. I called the evening before checkout and they told me I could call in the am and they would let me know if they wold honor it. So I called 7am the next day, and they said no, but when my family was ready to shower/dress for the airport, it might be possible to utilize a hospitality room if one was available. When I asked if I could reserve one, they said no--it was first come first serve, however, 1pm was usually not a problem. At 1, I went to the front desk to make my request (mind you we had checked out of 110 at 11 am). At first the woman told me they did not give out hopitality rooms between 1 and 3. I told her this was a contradiction to what I had been told. She hesitated a while, went in the back and gave me a key to room 101. When I took my boys upstairs to change, it turns out that this room was in the middle of being cleaned--sheets ripped off the bed, dirty towels on the floor etc. I'm not sure what a hospitality room should offer, but at minimum I would think clean towels. Interestingly enough, I am not sure why I could not keep my room until 1:30 as housekeeping had obviously hardly started cleaning this floor. One thing to note: I had a conversation with another woman who had a family of five staying there. When I asked her what Type of room she had, she said a one room suite like my own. I asked here if she was given a hard time. She said no--she had booked through the Waikiki suites directly and they said they would let her put her family in there, although it was against code, this one time. Our last negative experience: We inadvertently left our ipod on the desk in the suite when we checked out (very careless on our part). We realized this upon checkin at the airport. We immediately called the hotel and asked them to please double check our room. Interestingly enough the ipod never turned up.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>Linette705
<Content>Loved the Embassy Suites We spent 2 weeks at the Embassy Suites Beach Walk with only positive experiences to report. Our stay began with a very hospitable check in and the hospitality continued through the rest of our stay by all hotel employees we encountered. We stayed in a one-bedroom partial oceanview room. The room had a small fridge, microwave, sink, a flat screen TV in the bedroom and main room, free internet connection and 20 minutes of free long-distance calls. Included was full made to order breakfast daily and a compliementary nightly manager's cocktail reception. The breakfast is a huge buffet with something for everyone including chefs to cook eggs to suit you. The nightly managers reception included beverages, appetizers and local entertainment (of which we always enjoyed). Staff at the Conceirge desk were always helpful with booking tours or providing directions if necessary. The pool deck was kept immaculate. We were impressed to see that the rock planters and waterfall in this area were scrubbed down with brushes several times a week. Everywhere on this property was clean and well maintained. Embassy Suites is just off the beach, close to Fort DeRussy. Restaurants and shopping are plentiful in this area. Several restaurants close by offer discounts to Embassy Suite guests. Some of our favourite restaurants were the Yardhouse, an italian restaurant across the street (can't remember the name) and Senor Frogs. I would recommend this property to anyone. We paid around $300.00 per night and it was worth every penny. When we go back to Waikiki, there is no doubt in my mind that we will stay there again!!LinetteSherwood Park, Alberta  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>patswamber
<Content>Not all that relaxing Our family stayed at the Embassy Suites March 14-20th. We chose this hotel based on previous reviews and we actually split our vacation between 2 different properties - the HHV and here.Nothing really new or different to provide on the perks for this location: The rooms are big and the location is central - it's easy to get everywhere. Front desk and bell staff are friendly, location is excellent with lot's of restaurants, coffee and shopping nearby. All the staff at breakfast and the evening reception were wonderful, drinks were strong. They have singers and entertainment, which help to drown out construction noise during the breakfast and evening reception.However, many of the other items that other posters have listed as positives just didn't thrill me. I found it difficult to relax. Here's what I didn't like:1. Contruction noise is non-stop from both the Trump Tower and the Outrigger Reef. It's really distracting during meals and at the pool. The constant view of the construction site was also a negative.2. Behavior of guests at breakfast was absolutely zoo-ish. Think of a high school cafeteria or the early bird special at Country Buffet. Loud, crowded and pushy. The food, however, was good, nice variety of items. The evening reception was more civilized but the food wasn't as good.3. The pool was a decent size for waikiki but it was crowded with wild, unsupervised kids. No one seemed to be monitoring rough behavior while the parents drank at happy hour.4. Houskeeping never made it to our room on the 4th floor until after 4pm each day. It always seemed to coincide with us returning from the beachI know many guests have found this hotel to be wonderful for the amenities offered and it wasn't a bad stay for us. I guess I was just expecting something a little more peaceful. I will return to Waikiki but I probably won't come back here.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>IowaGrandparents
<Content>Pretty Nice for Waikiki Enjoyed the first two nights of our (almost) annual Hawaiian holiday at the Embassy Suites. Good place to crash upon escape from a Midwestern winter and to get ready for a week of R  R. We even managed to arrive just in time for the manager's reception that continues until a respectable 7:30 PM with complimentary live entertainment, wonderful hors d'oeuvres, and first class beverages available. Plenty to tide us over from a day of travel until the morning.We did reserve early (6 months in advance) and paid the premium price to guarantee an oceanfront room. But it surely was quite nice to be able to sit on one balcony of our room and watch the ocean or sit on the other and watch the Trump construction that other reviewers have mentioned.Compared to many other Embassy Suites they have a very efficient breakfast setting with plenty of capacity -- and even live breakfast entertainment on one of the days we were there. No waiting and really nice inside or outside seating options. (If outside, don't leave your plate unattended to get a coffee or juice -- the birds who live in the neighboring palm trees come for breakfast too!)Keep in mind that Waikiki is an urban resort. It's sort of as if Midtown Manhattan had been relocated into the middle of the Pacific. If you want to get out of city, you need to choose a different setting (we spent the rest of our time in Kauai.) However, if Waikiki is your destination, this property is located almost exactly at mid point of the hotel row and a really easy walk from any of shops, restaurants or markets. Even Cheeseburger in Paradise is, in our opinion, an easy stroll and well worth it. The nightly street performers are just a few blocks away, but so is the widest and best sand beach on the strip. One general hint. We've found that simply taking a cab to or from the airport is by far the most convenient route to the beach hotels and, for two of us, not all that expensive comparatively speaking. Also, given what you're going to spend for your vacation anyway, it's not much of an additional investment over the hotel buses. In fact, on the way back to the airport, the bellman put us in a stretch limo whose driver was glad to charge us only the standard cab fare (about $35 at present.)  In summary, we've stayed at several places on Waikiki. This may not be our favorite but it certainly is a great place that we would highly recommend. Families would probably find it to be a dynamite setting for location and value both. As grandparents, we enjoyed just watching and listening to the numerous families who happened to be there at the same time we were. Thank you for sharing your joy with us -- unknowing though it may have been!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>DHerrold73
<Content>Fantastic Stay at the Embassy We just returned from a 7 night stay at the Embassy Suites in Waikiki with my three daughters - ages 9, 7  6. I'd have to say that I have an overall favorable impression of the hotel after our stay.Everyone on staff was pretty friendly and polite. Our room was clean and comfortable. We didn't have a beach view, but our room overlooked the pool area, and we had very quick access to the pool which was convenient for the kids.The breakfasts win the show in my eyes. Having full breakfasts (it's a buffet and you you can order omlette's or eggs) was big for our kids who woke up every morning pretty famished. The manager's cocktail reception is nice in that you have an opportunity to enjoy some drinks and light snacks prior to going out to dinner each evening.Location wise was OK. It's just a couple blocks to the beach which can be a long walk for our kids after a long day at the beach, but not too overhwelming. You do have immediate access to the main strip on Waikiki so you can access all of the shopping  dining very quickly.Overall a very enjoyable stay - one hotel I would visit again. It didn't completely wow me to get 5-stars, but was the perfect fit for our family vacation.One note - the consierge area that booked all of the activities were friendly, but not all that helpful. I think they had their own agenda to sell their various tour packages, so make sure you do your own homework on all of the various activites and prices.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>entheos
<Content>A WONDERFUL mini "getaway" My husband and I just got back from a mini getaway 4 night stay at the Embassy Suites, Beachwalk, and enjoyed EVERY MINUTE of it! We are actually locals, and decided to book a hotel for the weekend since I am 32 weeks into my pregnancy, wanted to relax before baby comes and didn't want to fly. We have stayed at other hotels on the island before (Hilton Hawaiian Village, Ihilani, Turtle Bay and Double Tree hotel) but Embassy was by far THE BEST. We thoroughly enjoyed the full breakfast buffet every morning! Since we knew there was a mini refrigerator and micro, we brought deli meats and breads, left over pizza, fruits and drinks and packed it up for lunch and spent the afternoons at the beach right across the street. It was nice to also come back to relax by the pool, only to get MORE pupus and drinks at the manager's cocktail hour. The breakfast, our snacks and manager's cocktail hour held us over for the whole day. We didn't eat at a single restaurant our entire stay, except for going downstairs every night to get a coffee and some Beard Papa's cream puffs or Mondo Gelato (with buy 1 get one free coupons we got from the hotel) to relax and people watch. We took advantage of the many free nightly music groups at the hotel, or spent our odd hours reading the complimentary newspaper delivered to our door each morning. The hotel was extremely clean and the wait staff at the open lanai eating areas were very efficient and friendly. My husband and I plan to return each year with our new family as an easier alternative than flying away for vacation! We're HOOKED!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>patriotic
<Content>Beautiful hotel in the center of it all Stayed here for business for 5 days. Funny thing was, booked this hotel because another was sold out. Really nice, new., clean and very friendly staff. They really went out of their way to help and accomodate. Had a nice 2 room suite on the corner of the Aloha Tower of the 9th floor. Nice view and in the middle of it all. It's not directly on the beach but 1 block away. Only 2 blocks from the hopping downtown area shopping and restaurants. The only disruptions were sounds of the garbage trucks in the am but it was only minimal. Breakfast was great. Lots of options and the manager's reception was really nice with Hula dancing in the pool area. I would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MikelFallCity
<Content>Excellent - Service - hotel - Everything We loved this embassy suites. It was right in the middle of everything. Just a short walk to the beach, many restraunts, shopping and people watching. We had to upgrade to a 2 bedroom suite because the fire code in Hawaii won't allow 5 people in a 1 bedroom suite, which didn't make a lot of sense but the manager made it good. We were right on the beachwalk and the activity below was fun to watch. We even had a peek a boo view, if you stuck your head off the balcony really really far.I was irritated about the valet parking fee, but in the end enjoyed not having to find a parking spot when we were coming back from a long day, and having that feature made us feel rich because we would not pay for that if it was an option. The valet attendants were great as was the reception staff. I would stay here again for sure. I would recommend the yardhouse and the holokai grill for dinner. The yardhouse has a ton of beers on tap, and a small happy hour, not many foods on the happy hour menu. the Hula grill above Dukes has a great happy hour.Something else that we did to cut costs is that Wal-Mart is very close to the hotel, we went and got those rolled mats for the beach, they were 1.39 a piece there, and we got water and munchies for the hotel room. We also bought a compact cooler, we really could have used an umbrella and I wish I had thought about it while we were at wal-mart. Try the swap meet for great souveniers, there are coupons in the oahu book at the front desk to get in.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>212463
<Content>Great for all ages Our family spent a week at the Embassy Suites in Waikki Beach.Our ages ranged from 84 years old to a 6 months old., total of 11 people . It was the PERFECT place to meet the needs of all. The hotel itself was very, very nicely kept and very clean, which was of upmost importance to us, with children. The decor was most relaxing, I must say the hotel exceeded our expectations. The suites are quite nice and rooming, allowing us to all visit with one another in the suites comfortably. The breaskfast itself made it,! What a wonderful way to start each of our days, the children loved being able to have all of their favorites, like pancakes, waffles, french toast, omlets, and AH! the fresh fruit was in abundence, we ALL LOVED IT! A BIG plus and savings for such a large group as we were. The access to the beach is such a short walk, very safe and comfortable in the mist of a big city feel. The shopping is over the top and just outside your from the hotel lobby, from souviners, to high end shopping. We dined at severl local restaurants, I don't think you could find a bad one. The choices are nurmerous, from chains to independent business with great service. The staff was most helpful for suggestions, and attended to any request we had, they even participated in our own little birthday breaskfast celebration of our granddaughter. I don't think you could go wrong! Wonderful evening reception that often took care of a light dinner for all.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Shalaina13
<Content>Embassy Suites Beachwalk The staff at the Embassy Suites are wonderful and professional. We had a wonderful view of the ocean that will soon be taken away because Donald Trump is moving in next door. The manager's reception was the best. They provided entertainemnt during breakfast and the manager's reception. The hotel is in walking sitance of the beach and all the shopping anyone could ask for.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gmdee
<Content>Spoiled our family but at a price! Lobby decor was nice but didn't like the driveway going through it. The sit down registration was interesting and the welcome drink could have been better. We had a corner two-room suite which was excellent. Though there were no closets there was enough room for all our belongings. Loved having two bathrooms and a center family room. The Trump towers was going up and the noise level was not that bad but sadly the wonderful view we had will be gone in a few months. The walk to the beach was nice and there are many choices of eating places. The pool is small and was having tile issues so it was closed for one day. Would have like to have had the option to swim at a sister hotel for the day but the beach is right there so we happily walked across the street. Happy hour was a nice option and the drink menue was extensive at the Pakini bar. The students that worked the pool area were helpful and friendly. The breakfast bar was a treat but after three days you get tired of the same options. We would have like to have had some more traditional Hawaiian choices for breakfast. What happened to the spam? We did have a nice time her but it is unlikely we will stay here again. The housekeeping staff were polkite and worked well. The price was just a little high for a family of five. ALOHA  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	2	4	3	

<Author>live4vacati0ns
<Content>Awesome We started out our 2 week vacation at this hotel and it was a great start to an amazing vacation. We explored 3 islands while vacationing in Hawaii. This was a great hotel! View will become less spectacular mind you once the resort that is in construction next door is complete. Close to shopping, beach, etc.. Only spent three days here before travelling to Maui and the big island. Good business centre, great variety for the breakfasts that are included, awesome view, friendly and helpful staff. Loved it!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DuoTravelers
<Content>Great Value  The last few times we've been on Oahu, the staff at various hotels have been indifferent at best. At the Embassy Suites, the opposite was true! All of the staff, from the front desk, to the housekeepers, were all friendly  helpful. My hubby  I got upgraded to a suite on the top floor, and had a partial view of the ocean  full view of the Trump tower construction. We were sheltered from excessive street noise  absolutely loved our view! The breakfasts were plentiful, with lots of options...even egg white omelets! The evening reception was enjoyable as well...with music  friendly bartenders! We'll be back!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>jrsvphr
<Content>waikiki beach Stayed 2/1/08-2/5/08 on the 15th floor in unit 1501, right next to elevator, but did not hear elevator at all. Beautiful hotel, located right next to Waikiki Beach Walk. Full service breakfast every morning, which included omelets made to order, all types of fruit, pancakes, waffles and french toast. sausage and bacon. Nicley done. Beach one block away, many restrauants to choose from. Only problem to comericalized, it was like being in Chicago in June. On the 5th we went to Maui, that was like being in the South Pacific.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>LouisOrange_CA
<Content>Looking for Paradise? It is at Embassy Suites Waikiki Beach Walk       Pool Area  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>badgerbacker49
<Content>What a great stay! We stayed at this Embassy Suites for a week. We upgraded to a full ocean view after the first two nights next to the elevator. Do NOT stay next to elevator as it is extremely noisy. The Ocean views were fabulous. Three sets of sliding glass doors, two from the living room, one from the bedroom. Housekeeping kept the room very clean. While the noise from the street was annoying in the morning, since we were on the 17th floor, I don't think it can be avoided. My husband found the Trump Tower construction fascinating to watch, although I did not quite share the sentiment.The breakfast was simply the best, fresh pineapple and papaya and other fruit every morning. The omeletts to order were very good. Indoor/outdoor breakfast area was kept very clean. Entertainment was certainly an added bonus. Nighttime reception was very worthwhile. Try the mai tai drinks. Many umbrella type drinks to choose from and the music and hula dancers were quite good.The staff was all very friendly, front desk, housekeeping and concierge. We needed to use the Bus since we did not rent a car, and the concierge was always happy to give us complete directions to get us to our sightseeing destination. You can get almost everywhere on the local bus system. We found this hotel the nicest Embassy Suites we have ever stayed at, and it was a completely enjoyable week.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BRLAAdventurer
<Content>First Class Hotel Beautiful hotel, excellent service, .....their suites are very good for families vacationing in Honolulu, 1 king and 2 queen bed suite!!!!... breakfast is good..extra complimentary Hula lessons were nice for the kids...one big negative was the street noise from the garbage trucks at 6AM...I don't think any hotel room in Honolulu,unless you face the beachside, can escape the dreaded clanking of the garbage trucks. For an expensive room however, I wanted complete silence in the AM. This wasn't the hotel's fault though. Overall, A+, you pay for it though.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>retiredtraveller68
<Content>Cannot get a bathrobe I have stayed 4 times at this hotel. In the past, I received a bathrobe upon request. Now I am informed that only Hilton Diamond members are eligible to receive one.[Though the on duty manager made an exception this time].IMHO, when a hotel has bathrobes, they should be available to all guests upon request.I cannot imagine a 4 star hotel that would refuse a request for one.So for me, there will not be a next time.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	3	2	4	

<Author>momtravelingcircus
<Content>Absolutely no reason to stay anywhere else! My family of five (kids aged 7, 5, 10 mos) just got back from a five-day stay at this hotel. There are just not enough superlatives to describe how perfect this hotel was for our needs. For one, we got the 2-room suite at almost half its price by booking through NWA World Vacations. The generous breakfast buffet was perfect for us mainlanders who were awake and hungry too early in Hawaiian time. This was an awesome buffet with many many cook-to-order choices and bountiful tropical fruits too. I ate my lifetime supply of papayas and pineapples here. And there was even a ukelele performer providing live music every morning. They also have an evening reception with free cocktails and free food (egg rolls, meatballs, tuna sandwiches, etc)! How awesome is that. Kids loved it. And while you eat all the free food and swim in the pool in between, there was also an evening performance with slack guitar or ukelele music with a graceful hula dancer too. The hotel is also a block from Waikiki Beach and is adjacent to a great selection of stores (including Beard Papa, Mondo Gelato, and Teppan Sushi) so you really don't need to venture far to get a full Hawaiian experience. The hotel also gives guests a free CD of beautiful Hawaiian music. It is a special (smart) touch that transports you right back there when you are back to your ten-below-zero hometown.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Courtesy_Flush
<Content>Past the cheesy decor lies a great hotel After escaping from the Waikiki Parc (see separate review), my husband and I were thrilled with the accomodations at the very close by Embassy Suites. Although we paid $100/nt more for our room, the extras more than made up for it.Jay at the registration desk was very helpful in picking out a good room at the last minute. He gave us a city view corner room on the 7th floor, but it turned out the room had a decent ocean view from the lanai. Our room overlooked the Grand Lanai where the food/entertainment and Beach Walk shopping center is located. Amazingly, there was no noise waking us up during the night.The suite was a great size considering how much junk you accumulate during a week in Hawaii. Beds and couch were comfy although the pineapple prints turned me off. Great flat screen TVs and big bathroom, however.The complimentary breakfast and happy hour helped facilitate our busy trip. We loved having the entertainment while dining. Breakfast was full of usual standards plus miso soup and salad. The happy hour food was passable to very good-- really, I was surprised at the delectable meatballs.What I really loved was all the little extras. Free internet! Popcorn and snickers greeting us upon arrival and turndown service every night.My only beef with the Embassy Suites, beside the decor, is the valet service. I hate that you half to show your keys to the valet guys and then wait for your car. Why can't we call down and have it waiting for us?  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wubear
<Content>Good unless you want a quiet hotel This hotel is clean and offers a lot of space for your money. But it is not a quiet hotel. I stayed on the 11th floor and had a good view above the shopping center, but the noise from the restaurants and street below came right through the sliding glass door when it was closed. The other side of the building is also where all the trucks, buses and other vehicles approach the building so it isn't much different. Plus, the new Trump hotel/condo/retail shopping is being built so the view of Ft DeRussy Park is going away. It is very close to the beach and everything else in Waikiki. Here's the downside for those who care. The front desk staff is quite unfriendly. No eye contact and very few alohas after you check in. Not even the concierge desk or bell staff cares if you are a guest or not. Especially not the valet parking staff. They all seem to get along fine, but unless you approach them to want something, they do not acknowledge your presence. I found that highly disrespectful for a hilton property. You get better service at other hiltons, such as the Kuhio Prince on the other side of Waikiki. However, the housekeeping staff and pool staff are very friendly and service oriented. They are the saving grace of the hotel. The front desk manager has a lot to learn about service and should take some lessons from the other managers.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	1	4	4	

<Author>FrequentFlyer27
<Content>Beware of Trump condo construction Visited for a week/1/12 - 1/19, 2008. The property is very clean and well maintained. The inclusive breakfast buffet is huge and delicious/the manager's evening reception with free drinks and snack s along w/entertainment was alot of fun. Location was great/1 block from the beach - pool looks kinda small but was never crowded or hard to get a chair. The hot tub/spa was wonderful. Staff was very nice/concierge helpful! The ONLY drawback here is the construction noise from Trump. I upgraded to an oceanview room when we arrived on Sat aft. Sunday was wonderful - could sit on the lanai and enjoy the ocean views BUT on Monday morning at 7:00 am - I was woken up by the construction noise. I opened the sliders to try to enjoy a cup of coffee along with the newpaper and the noise was deafening. The only day there is no construction is on Sunday - yep - they work on Sat too! AND when Trump goes up about 10 more floors (they did 3 floors - the week that I was there) - there will be an obstructed view (if any) of the ocean. So if noise doesn't bother you...stay here...Roy's Restaurant in the hotel was fabulous and you don't need a rental car at this location as everything is within walking distance. Try Captain Bob's snorkeling trip - complete with grilled hamburger lunch - it was alot of fun ($83/per person).  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>EdnaDurango
<Content>Excellent service, above and beyond expectations We were in Maui for a wedding and decided to spend a couple of days on Oahu to see Pearl Harbor. We'd never been to Honolulu before, so we booked a suite at the Embassy Suites Waikiki Beach Walk with our Hhonors points. Since we were not regular paying guests, we did not expect to receive the wonderful service that we did. When we checked in, the staff gave us the name of a local sushi restaurant that was incredible and was right across the street , named Sushi Koh (see our other review). There was construction going on across the street and they gave us a room on the opposite side so the noise wouldn't bother us, and we didn't even have to ask for it. The staff was very friendly and helpful, the breakfast buffet was great. Hospitality hour bartenders were awesome, although the appetizers weren't so hot. Didn't really matter, when rating the whole experience! The hotel, while not right on the beach, is located on a street with lots of boutiques and restaurants, in a park-like atmosphere. Once we saw the beach scene on Waikiki, we didn't want to go to the beach anyways - it's sure not Maui, that is for SURE. The pool area was very nice, except for the construction zone overlooking it, across the street. Didn't bother us at all. We hardly noticed. Free internet service in-room and in the lobby. As a matter of fact, I am writing this review in the lobby while we wait for our airport shuttle - that's how impressed I am.On our last day on Oahu, our flight did not leave until 8:00pm. We requested a late check-out (1:00 pm), but were told it was not available for that room. However, they offered an alternative - to switch rooms that morning, and we could have that room until 1:00. We switched rooms, and left for our early morning Pearl Harbor tour, which was arranged by the Embassy Suites very competent bell staff. When 1:00 arrived, we checked out, checked our luggage, and were given a special key to the swimming pool floor so we could use the pool and services for the afternoon, including beach towels. Not only that, when it came time to get ready to leave for the airport, they let us use a hospitality suite for 1/2 hour to shower and change clothes, free of charge. We have never been offered this extra service before and we are very grateful to have had the opportunity to rinse off the chlorine and suntan lotion before going to the airport.Although Waikiki Beach is not our style, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Embassy Suites and were extremely impressed with the level of service we received. We would recommend this hotel to anyone planning a visit to this part of Oahu.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Fritch
<Content>Great hotel in Waikiki Only had a chance to enjoy this hotel for one day - spent most of our time on the BI but had an early flight out to Tokyo.Close to the beach. Nice shopping area close by. Wasn't as touristy as I would have guessed.Good Happy Hour and bar service. Very clean and very polite and helpful staff.Seems to cater to Japanese crowd - I thought I was in Tokyo when I had breakfast - 1/2 American and 1/2 Japanese breakfast items like salad and rice.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>The_Mystic
<Content>Beware of Trump We stayed here for 3 days back in August. The hotel was very clean, and the service was friendly. The breakfast buffet down on the pool deck was a nice benefit. However, if you're in the Aloha tower on the pool side, you will get some noise from the pool area and from the construction right across the street. Trump is building a hotel that will almost entirely block out the ocean view on that side. So if you can, ask for a room in the other tower.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>jonnyinalberta
<Content>best hotel ive stayed in In dec of 2006 my girlfriend and i went to oahu for new years along with my parents. we first arrived and our first hotel was suppose to be the outrigger east, we got into our room and it was a dump, so we left and my dad found us 2 rooms joined at the embassy suites. when we first arrived they were slightly unorganized mostly because it was the around the first few weeks the hotel opened. they sent us to our room and as we were being showed around they bell-men politely said  i hope you enjoy the rooms, you people are the first ever to sleep in the beds, to use the bathrooms, to watch the tv  how unreal is that its like moving into a new house ... we were in awe. this hotel is by far the best hotel for waikiki, i have been to oahu every year since i was 4-5 years old and this is my best experience, it was so nice we didnt care how close to the beach we were. unreal breakfast, unreal maitis, unreal atmosphere, once you arrive you never want to go, i think anyone who goes to this hotel will be instantly pleased, im goin back this feb its just so tempting, hope you feel the same way. thanks  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fhata
<Content>Great Stay at the Embassy Suites Beach Walk We always try to stay at an Embassy Suites on our vacations and the new Beach Walk Embassy did not disappoint. Located on the new Beachwalk you are just a few blocks away from the beach and main shopping on Kalakaua Ave. Kalakaua Ave reminds me of Michigan Avenue with all the shopping you could imagine. We had the most luck starting the day early, having breakfast around 7:00AM and heading out by 8:00 for our activities. The breakfast lines are small enabling you to get an omlet easily and a nice array of fruits and usual breakfast faire. Also rice and miso soup are included which was a nice touch. You have the choice of eating inside or out on the lanai on the fourth floor.The rooms are new and clean with great service by the staff. Everyone was very friendly and helpful. The manager's reception was very popular with a host of drinks to choose from and nice appetizers. It gave us all time to unwind and decide where to go for dinner.We would definitely stay there again. The location is hard to beat. If you enjoy staying at Embassy Suites, you will like the Beachwalk.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>SengaMilne
<Content>Location, location, location       Hawaiian decor, very comfortable bed.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>JayIs
<Content>Great hotel for couples We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights. I have to say it truly is a great place to stay if you travel to Honolulu. The hotel is well kept inside out. Rooms and hallways are clean. The breakfast buffet embassy is known for tastes even better here. All staff are very courteous and helpful. I would have given it 5 stars if our room had better view of the beach. One caveat: they are erecting a high-rise condo right across the street from the hotel. It may block views from Aloha tower when it is complete.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kids3
<Content>Awesome Hotel for families This is a brand-new (rehabbed) hotel and it is great. The location was great - across the street from Waikiki Beach and adjacent to the beautiful new Beachwalk, which has restaurants and shopping. It is also just a block from Ala Moana Blvd., the main shopping street. The outdoor pool is awesome and much bigger than most Waikiki pools. The hotel is clean and nicely furnished and the rooms are spacious and comfortable (though a little smaller than other Embassy Suites properties, but this is Waikiki). The free open-air breakfast is wonderful, with many choices, high-quality food, and live entertainment. The breakfast alone will save you a bundle (and a lot of hassle) if you are traveling with family. Truly a great value for the money.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>JambaCalifornia
<Content>Awesome Hotel!!! We stayed at this hotel for a week and had a wonderful experience. We found this hotel to be in a great location, close to the beach, great shopping and restuarants. The rooms were very nice and clean. The full breakfast everyday was a big plus! The food was excellent. The staff at this hotel was exceptional. This hotel had everything we needed including a laundry room and gym. It is very close to the beach about a minute walk. We will be back for sure!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>monaliza2
<Content>Brand Spanking new and Free Deluxe Gourmet Breakfast Buffet Daily!       Embassy Tower  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kimo767
<Content>Good for families or business trip, not peaceful We stayed for two nights on November 3-5, 2007. I realized too late that the hotel is located in the most traffic congested and noisy area of Waikiki (most of Waikiki is congested and noisy). The Embassy Suites are twin towers about a block inland from Waikiki Beach and next to beautiful Fort DeRussy Beach Park. It's just a short stroll to the beach, so no big deal. There are alot of new shops and restaurants in the revitalized Beach Walk area.The rooms are well appointed, cozy, and the service is attentive. There is a small pool on the 4th floor plaza that seemed to be filled with screaming kids and teenagers most of the time. The breakfast area is like a brightly lit, noisy, high school cafeteria with little charm. The two pool bars were also overlit with bright flourescent lighting and very uninviting. You WILL stand in line for your breakfast, your drinks, your snacks, and the elevators. If it rains, you will get wet trying to get to the cafeteria for breakfast from either tower. Everyone at the pool gets to watch and hear the new Trump Tower construction team work loudly until 2009. We also had a close up view of the construction from every window and balcony of our room, and the workers could watch us in return.Parking was an overpriced $25USD day plus tips for speedy valet service. Don't forget anything in your car, like a cell phone, as it is a hassle to retrieve later.The poorly designed open air front desk area must have been designed by the same design team who put bright flourescent lighting in the bar/pool/dining areas on the 4th floor. The sweaty staff and guests also can smell car exhaust through the humid lobby. Lobby needs to be glass enclosed and air conditioned for a quiet, relaxing environment. For a more peaceful stay, I would recommend the nearby Halekulani, Hilton Hawaiian Village Resort, Ilikai, or the Hawaii Prince Hotel on Ala Moana Blvd. You will not feel like you are on a kid-filled Disney Cruise at these properties.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	2	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lovestotravel101
<Content>Wonderful hotel!       Pool  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	-1	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>thetractorman
<Content>Loved it! My wife and I stayed here for a weekend between a couple of business meetings, and we loved this hotel - it's one of the nicest I've been to lately. I'd stay there again if I go back to Honolulu. The hotel is close to Waikiki Beach, but you probably can't see it. Walk across the street and between the Outrigger hotel buildings to get to the beach, which is now just a narrow strip of sand. In fact, the waves were hitting the sea walls on much of the beach. We rode from the airport on a shuttle bus, and were immediately greeted by cheerful and helpful staff. No matter what we asked about at the activities desk, they were able to help us determine what to do and how to get there. Our suite was very nice, with the expected very comfortable bedding and pillows, plus they had nice plasma TVs. Since I had already been on the road a week, we took advantage of probably the nicest hotel guest laundry room we've ever used. The evening reception and complimentary breakfasts were very nice, and the 4th floor rooftop lanai was very relaxing, although it was quite breezy one evening when a storm blew through. You can save a bunch of money by taking advantage of these complimentary foods rather than paying the expensive Hawaii prices elsewhere. There are many great places to eat nearby, but you might try either Ruth's Chris Steakhouse, or some great seafood at Roy's - both are in the Embassy Suites buildings. If you go to Roy's try the Ahi and the Butterfish!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Slossy
<Content>Loved Hawaii and this Hotel was fab We stayed at this new Hotel for a week. On arriving we were greeted with a drink and extremely pleasant and helpful staff. Our bags were immediately taken care of. I must say in deference to some others that the staff were great all week. We had a 2 bedroom appt and it was brand new and terrific. We did not book an ocean view because we do not stay in our room during the day. If I wanted an ocean view I would have booked a beach front property. The price was very good when you consider the Hotel standard, breakfast included, Managers drinks every day - for 2 hours (NOT WATERED DOWN AS SOMEONE SAID), free Internet, free gymnasium and fabulous location on the new Beach Walk. I would gladly stay again and have recommended already to many friend. I agree that it is a family friendly Hotel. And to the person who was concerned about someone not getting a newspaper, it is a HOTEL not a Newsagency. There were plenty of ABC shops on the beachwalk for this.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bluegumbo
<Content>Great Hotel and Location! We recently spent a week at the Embassy Suites Waikiki Beach Walk from October 5 through 12. The hotel is located in the new Beach walk area connected to the main Waikiki strip. The location provides easy walking distance to the public beach, shops, and restaurants. The free breakfast is great each morning providing made to order omelets and fresh fruit. The managers reception each evening provides fresh vegetables, chili, chips, along with an open bar and live entrainment. Overall, the hotel goes out of its way to make your stay feel special. Our room had a double lanai with views of the ocean, mountains, and city.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hawaiiNikki
<Content>No Class I stayed at this hotel and I must say that based on the reviews for the most part it sounded great. The room was just okay and really not worth the asking price though. I was also really disappointed with the staff. The front desk ladies were quite uppity. I was in the lobby waiting for a taxi when a nicely dressed lady with baby went to the front desk and asked for one of the free newspapers that have coupons in them. She also asked if she could purchase one of the papers with a price on it. She was told that she could not have one as they are for hotel guests only. She was not even asked if she was a guest. She was also told she could not purchase one of the pay type papers. She was not told where to get one either. The lady at the desk was VERY snobby and her tone of voice was down right rude. I was truly embarrassed for the poor lady who asked for the paper as she had class and was polite and well spoken. She seemed taken aback by the front desk lady and you could tell she had her feelings hurt. I am not talking about the newspapers that you get from the store. This was the type that they give away free and states FREE right on the front. This clerk had no class and was down right mean. I would NEVER stay here again. The spirit of aloha my foot. Not here anyway. More like aloha where's your money now go away.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	3	3	1	3	3	

<Author>tsbvancouver
<Content>Very Disappointing, Not a Five Star Hotel I was very disappointed in this hotel. I looked very hard into this new hotel in Hawaii to find it only disappointed me. The swimming pool was under renovations, which did not open till two days before we were leaving. I booked this hotel for the pool since it has a section for children. I have a 19 month baby. The told us to go across the street for the other hotels pool. Which was not nice and overcrowed. If I am paying all this money for this hotel and since this hotel is new, why is it under renovations already! I phoned a couple of days to confirm my reservation and they mentioned nothing about the pool or the crazy fee for the parking! The room was small, especially the sitting area. Our shower was clogged and the blow dryer did not work properly. They screwed up on our reservaton and did not move us till the next day. They tried to make it up to us by giving us a discount on the parking when we left, but this is definitely not a five star hotel. Try a three star hotel! This perks are the hotel was clean and close to everything and overall the staff were friendly. The also needed to change the breakfeast up a little. You got tired of eating the same breakfeast everyday. But it was a good breakfeast. The happy hour was really bad, same snacks every day. Terrible snacks and the drinks were watered down quite a bit. I loved the complimentary free long distance calls for 30 minutes max. That was good! But overall I would not stay here again for those prices. I am looking forward to the Trump towers. I will gladly pay the extra $$$ there!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>firsttriptohawaii
<Content>Great hotel Excellent hotel! From the time you arrive, you are treated great. The hotel was new and beautiful. Rooms were excellent and very well appointed. Breakfast was legendary (and complimentary). Staff was top notch and the activity desk great. I will stay there again. The only pitfalls, 1. $25/day to park and no you can't find anywhere else to park around the hotel. 2. In order to get to the beach you have to walk 2 minutes to a public beach access path or walk through another hotel. This section of Waikiki beach is very small. 3. Oceanview room got you only a glimpse of the ocean (get used to this terminology in Hawaii)  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EddyHKG
<Content>Have to Disagree.... I have to diagree with the otherwise very positive reviews posted for this hotel. I booked an oceanview room that is nothing like the picture posted on the hotel website. The front desk said that a lot of people have pointed that out..... The 'oceanview' is more a view of two building sites (the Trump Tower will eventually obliterate musch of the hotel view). I was told the duty manager would call me back but he/she never did. The rooms are nicely fitted out but small compared to most Embassy Suites. But the walls are paper thin - even regular conversations can be heard. The room on one side had some kids who where very noisy. Whilst its great that the kids are having fun, i didnt really want to b e part of that experience ! The breakfast was well handled and could easily accomodate a large number of visitors.I was paying $339 but got Oceanfront at the nearby Sheraton for $289 - so i cancelled my remailing 4 nights and will move to the Sheraton today.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	5	1	1	-1	

<Author>EchoFifth
<Content>A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! Would definitely go back!       The view from our hotel balcony.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Selina100
<Content>Very Good Hotel The Embassy Suites in Waikiki is great for families of all types. They serve a cook to order breakfast with lots to choose from. The manager special every night is well worth it. Everything is close in walking distance. Visit the beach down by the Royal Hawaiian and Outrigger, they are great! All your tours can be booked with a tour bus to do all the driving. Stay away from the Wyndham pitch to come visit their hotel for a $100. It is a time share talk! Take the Grand Island tour on Thursday, your driver Greg with Roberts Tour is the best! He will keep you laughing all day. The only down side is the noise from people walking around on the streets who love to yell how great this is at 2-3 in the morning. But this is Waikiki not Maui.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kyleigh
<Content>Great family hotel My husband and I stayed with our 17 month old daughter for a week. It was great for us since we could put our daughter in a separate room for her naps and her 8 pm bedtime. The location was great, right in the middle of the new Beachwalk area, and across the street from the beach. It is a fairly new hotel. We stayed in two different rooms and they were both great. The view was great, although once Trump's building is done, the view will be almost entirely blocked. The pool was great, especially for kids. The breakfast was convenient and good, the happy hour was fun and free. The happy hour offered basic drinks, including tropical ones, a few snacks like cut veggies, chips, salsa, etc, and they had live music and sometimes even hula dancers. Free internet in the rooms and around the hotel was great for my hubby since he was working also. Great convenience store near the elevators and of course the prerequisite ABC store right across the street make it easy to get whatever you need. I felt it was a good value for the money and we were very pleased with the hotel. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SwanDev
<Content>Best family hotel in Waikiki We stayed at this hotel twice in August for a total of four nights and the staff provided nearly flawless service for my family and our traveling companions. We traveled with our 15 m.o. child and our friends traveled with their 10 m.o.. All-in-all this was the best hotel experience that we have had in Waikiki, where we travel annually to visit friends and family. The location is great for easy access to restaurants and shopping. And even though the Trump CondoHotel is underconstruction across the street, the construction noises never disturbed our stay on either the 4th or 9th floors.Check-in was relaxed and efficient, our rooms were in good condition with comfortable beds and plenty of room for the three of us. It was great to have the living room available for the crib and the separate bedroom for me and my wife. It is important to note that this hotel has at least two room configurations, with the bathroom accessed either from the living room or from the bedroom. You should request whichever is appropriate for your purposes upon check-in. We elected for the bath off the bedroom so that our toddler could sleep undisturbed in the living room.Breakfast was the typical Embassy Suites selection with cooked-to-order omelets and other standards. The distinction here is that they also offer Miso soup, salad and a few other Hawaiian and Japanese items like Haupia yogurt and Portugese sausage that are a nice and tasty complement to a standard American breakfast.Valet parking seemed a bit expensive at $25/day but the service was tremendous as we never waited more than a minute or two for our car. Valet and Bell Staff were plentiful, polite and quite helpful with directions and information. Also there seemed to be staff everywhere, (this is good thing) always cleaning or otherwise busy. The hotel is new and it will continue to look and feel new if the staff remain as attentive to cleaning and maintenance as they were during our stay.My only complaint, about our two stays is that upon checking in on Saturday the hotel did not have a crib available, even though we had called and requested one several weeks before our trip.. The hotel did arrange to borrow a crib from a nearby hotel , but we had to wait for an hour or so for it. Our toddler was not too happy about this after flying all day. This was not a problem on our second stay the following week.We stayed in both towers and on the 4th and 9th floors during our two stays. Depending on your interest, you may want to request a room overlooking the pool in order to listen to the nightly music from your balcony. We found the 4th floor to be particularly nice as it is the level of the breakfast and nightly cocktail hour,. After our son went to sleep in the evenings, we were able to sit out on the patio (with the baby monitor) and enjoy the music and conversation with friends, knowing that we could be back in the room in just a few seconds if he needed anything.This is a great hotel for families , but was not overrun with children. There was also an interesting mix of retirees, college kids and foreign tourists. We plan to stay here again next year.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>ilovethelonghorns
<Content>Great Family Hotel - We loved it! We have been to Honolulu numerous times and stayed at many different properties there. The Embassy Suites ranks right up there as one of our favorites. We had a corner unit with two balconies looking straight out to the ocean. The corner units definitely have more space-try to get one if you can. The rooms are very comfortable and clean, also surprisingly quiet. The free breakfast every morning was a treat- we love the fresh omelette station with many varieties of fillings that you get to pick out yourself and put in a bowl - also delicious fruit and mixed green salad. One morning they had a Hawaiian singer serenading us while we ate! The Happy Hour was enjoyable too. Mai-tais were pretty good, also try the Blue Hawaiian. There were different entertainers every night for Happy Hour including awesome hula dancers with island music. The pool area was nice sized and there was a great hot tub we liked usingas well. The Embassy Suites is in a perfect location. We loved being able to walk through all of the great shops along the Beachwalk and enjoyed eating at several of the restaurants adjacent to the hotel-including Roy's, theYardhouse, and the Hono Kai Grill. All of the staff that we encountered at the hotel were friendly and bent over backwards with any request. We truly think that anyone would be happy here! We did not encounter any construction noise at all on our visit but it does look like it could be a problem in the future. We feel that the Embassy Suites Honolulu delivers a relaxing, roomyalternative to travelers of all ages.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MJensen
<Content>Great location, great hotel       You will know what this means after just 5 minutes in Honolulu  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Boeing767
<Content>A solid four star property       Straight down and over the imending Trump Hotel site (view will be ruined)  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>dago1
<Content>Not your typical Embassy Suites Great Embassy Suites. Very clean and new.They had entertainment at breakfast and in the evenings.Pool a bit small , but nice breakfast area layout and selections.Staff is super friendly and nice. Valet parking reasonable (no other choice)and the porters are very fast. Aloha tower closer to beach and breakfast area. Hotel close to International market and other resturants and shops. Close to Dennys and several ABC convenient stores. Short walk between hotels across the street to beach. Can hear some street noise and construction from Trump tower. Great value and would stay again. They give you a Hawaiian CD and pineapple juice when you check in. NIce touch ! Try the Dole whip in the gift shop!!Even have free wireless Internet and local phone calls and business center access.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>audball
<Content>Very Good Hotel and Great for Families Things we loved:1. The 2 bedroom oceanview suites for $300 a night - we had 2 queen beds, 1 king, 1 sofa pullout, 2 full bathrooms, and a small kitchen, eating area, and living room. We had 6 adults and one infant and there was more than enough room for everyone. 2. The signature Embassy suites perks - Great breakfast, free wireless high speed internet, and great gym 3. The fact that the hotel is brand new - The room was contenporary, very clean, 3 flat screen tvs, super comfortable beds and sheets. 4. Nice pool area - open till 10pm5. Staff were very nice 6. Valet parking - unlimited in and out priviledges7. Location - lots of great restaurants next to the hotel and very close to all the great shops in Waikiki (DFS Galleria, Chanel, Nike Town, Beachwalk)Things we didn't like:Nothing!We didn't get to try the happy hour so can't comment on it.Overall, a great hotel. We think that we got very good value for the money and will definitely go back to this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>SugarWahine
<Content>All good, but you gotta love kids..... Just stayed for 4 nights. Great spot and centrally located. Nice rooms, though the Aloha tower is nicer than the Hula tower.... closer to the ocean view. The beachwalk is great with some nice new shops and some fun places to eat. The rooms are big and the pool area is quite nice (for those complaining about the size of this pool, this is a huge pool compared to other hnl pools- traditionally they are much, much smaller). The staff was quite nice and all were very helpful. Roy's was a great place for drinks and snacks and of course being across from the Halekulani is a treat. (do not miss the coconut cake!) A few quirks: 1) this is a huge family hotel. You gotta love kids and not be bothered by them running amok. One afternoon there were 40 plus kids in the pool..... (yes, I counted) 2) breakfast is great, but unfortunately there are quite a few vultures (aka guests) there so be ready to fight for the food. People think nothing of taking 25 slices of papaya for themselves.... or taking as much as they can carry away after eating their breakfast. kinda gross. I know its expensive to have a family stay in hnl, but come on now.... it was a bit extreme. I can imagine that ES will have to crack down on this eventually..... 3) There is a ton of construction going on around the hotel, so if you are sensitive to that, beware. It did not bother me, but we spent most of the day away from the hotel.4) The hotel parking staff warned us to beware of the HPD that hang out at the stop sign behind the Trump construction, this is the only way to drive away from the ES. Come to a full and complete stop at that stop sign..... they come out on foot from behind the construction and pull you over if you do not do this, even though the construction makes it very difficult to see. Better safe than sorry.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	3	4	5	

<Author>ellygan
<Content>Great Place to Stay! I did a lot of research of where to stay in Oahua. The Embassy Suites Waikiki Beach Walk was a great choice. They have excellent breakfast buffet and its only a block away from the busy waikiki beach. There are a lot of restaurants and shops around. The service is great. There's a 25$ parking fee. Having a car is not really needed unless you want to go around the island. There's the grand island tour which gives you an overview about the island. The area where the hotel is not as noisy as I thought. The room is also spacious. There's free internet and a descent gym. The pool is small and they have free cocktails in the afternoon.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LisaGoldCoast
<Content>Wahoo Waikiki We stayed at Embassy Suites recently during a work conference (yes, a conference is Hawaii), and loved it, the location is great with just a short stroll to the beach and located right amongst the new Waikiki Beach Walk. This is a great option if you don't want to lash out on the beachfront properties.The rooms are lovely and basically brand new, with views to the ocean, depending on where you are located in the two towers. Our room looked over the pool, which was great for people watching, however a little noisy early in the morning when they turned the music around the pool and breakfast area.We had a laugh about the fact that not many other locations in the world could get away with the decor, still a little 70s, our lounge room chair was covered in fabric printed with pineapples.The buffet breakfast was great.Overall would highly recommend the hotel, though once the Trump Tower is built this will block out most of the water veiws from the 2nd tower.P.S Must try drinks and pupus at the Halakulani's House with out a Key, definitely the high light of our trip, we spent 3 nights there drinking maithais as the sunset!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Miller5
<Content>Fabulous-life is good We stayed at the Embassy for nine days and it was 10 times better than I ever imagined it would be. I had read every review prior to going and felt like I knew what to expect.Arrival: We were greeted in the open air lobby by very friendly staff; thanks Jaymar. We didn't smell any fumes at any time that we were in the lobby area. We were given juice and champagne cocktails to enjoy while we checked in. Our room wasn't ready yet, so they gave us a changing room on the first floor. The room was beautiful but smaller than the one we resevered, as I found out later.POOL: The pool was large in size and it was nice to have the wading pool attached. We didn't hear any noise from Trump even though construction was going on most days we were there.ROOM: We were on the top floor with a corner suite and it was fantastic. We had the view between the two adjacent hotels but could see the beach and the ocaen. Every morning we got up and went out on the lanai and watched the surfers and just enjoyed the weather; BEAUTIFUL. We were also able to see the fireworks that occur every Friday night at the Hilton; what a treat for our family. The room was plenty big, the beds were very comfortable, and the bath big enough for two people to get ready at the same time. There is an inroom safe as well. BREAKFAST: Every morning there is a buffet but you can't get soda out of the machine. There was always someone there playing some sort of Hawaiian music which created a really relaxing atmosphere. In additon to the usual breakfast foods at Embassy they also offered fresh fruit and rice and linguica. I had read that some people were wondering what the crowds would be like if the hotel was full; the hotel was at 95% and there was never a problem getting a seat at breakfast or in the evening.EVENING RECEPTION: Every night from 5:30 to 7:30; the snacks could improve as they were always the same and after 8 days it got kind of boring. They were chips and salsa, goldfish, some sort of lemon pepper potato chips, and chex mix. The drinks are free but on some nights you could only get one at a time; so if you needed one for your significant other you had to wait in line again. There was always music and a hula dancer except for the night they had a local duet that was having a CD release party which was quite fun for our children.ACTIVITIES: Of note, the two activities desks located within the hotel, one is where you would expect the concierge to be, is a commissioned sales desk. They are trying to sell you any package they can; buyer beware. They sold us a luau at Paradise Cove which was terrrible and I will review under that heading. We did try and make reservations for next year during our stay but were told we had to wait until at least July; not sure why and no one could explain why we had to wait.The Beachwalk area is beautiful and very impressive at night with the torches at street level lit and all aglow. If you want to eat at the Yardhouse get there early or plan to wait a while; it is very busy.SHOPPING: We walked all around inlcuding going to the International Maket Place, Hilo Hattties, and the Ala Moana mall. There is also a street maket every Thursday night (maybe Friday)iwithin walking distance which was fun.The International Market Place is like going to another country. I found it to an experience I don't need to do again. It was quite overwhelming for our children, as well as, if you didn't want to buy what they had for sale they took exception to it. It was a feeling of, if you don't buy it, don't touch it. I did find that most souveniers you could get at the International Market Place, you could get right across the street from Embassy at the ABC store.The Ala Moana mall was quite impressive with all the high end stores you would want. At the mall they have some really good chain restaurants to eat at that weren't any more expensive than they are on the mainland.We took the free shuttle to Hilo Hatties as most of the magazines with discount coupons in them have a three and four page color ad for this place listing it as the place to shop. If your kids would enoy the Trolley ride then go; if not then don't bother, it was a huge waste of time. They tell you that if you get off at the mall to go shopping that they will take you back into Waikiki; don't believe them. We stood there for 20 mintues waiting for the Trolley only to have it go zipping by us at 40 mph and not even slow down. We wound up paying to take the city bus back. Enjoy!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ArmyMom4149
<Content>Great Location       View between Outrigger and Halekulani  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>angelfromashes23
<Content>No Bang for the Buck If you are going to Waikiki to see the Beach then do not stay at this hotel! First it is highly priced comparable to others in the area and the rooms are small! They are suites if you can call them that ( more like one room cut into half)! The pool area is a joke and you can not see the ocean because of the high rises around you (to include directly in front of you, behind you, beside you, etc). Let me explain why the pool area is a joke! It is a pool that is onlyl three foot deep and at the deepest end which is 3 and half foot is a kiddie pool. So if you want to get away from kids because you do not have any forget about it because in the deepest part connected to the pool is the kiddie pool. The pool is also warm, not just warm as in warm but as in bath water warm. They do have a Pakini bar but thought was not put into this business decision either. (Good thing that they have happy hour with free drinks from 5:30 to 7:00 pm). We tried to drink our money's worth for the hotel! There are some decent dining areas if you want to pay 150.00 for two people to eat at.Military you can stay at the Hilton Hawaiian Villiage for 149.00 per night, while you must pay 189.00 at this hotel and at the Hilton you are right on the beach and there are 5 pools there. Was sorely dissapointed and will not stay here again! The name is misleading as well as it in not on a beach walk but on a busy street that you must cross and walk a while before you get to the beach. The Service people who checked us in was rude, and they would like for you to sit down while checking in to make it more personal, however, you are herded like cattle to hurry up and move out of the seats quick. No one explains that you must use a key card to get in the elevator to go to your floor. And if you are on the 4th floor and someone from the 24th floor gets their key card in before you do then you miss your floor and you are riding to the 25th floor and back down to pick up passengers as you ride to your floor. The elevators are extremly slow due to this set up. Overpriced and underserviced! No Beach, and all building.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	4	1	1	4	

<Author>turtledove2033
<Content>Great value - Very nice! This stay was extremely nice. Tthe Trump hotel being built next door wasn't a factor. This hotel has two towers. We stayed on the 17th floor on the east side of the Hula Tower. We had no view of the Trump hotel. We had no noise, not even at the pool. We had a great view of the ocean but not ocean front. The sitting room,bedroom, bathroom were spacious. The beds were the absolute best. We stayed 3 nights. The breakfast was fab and free afternoon cocktails with snacks starting at 5:00 or 5:30p.m. BEWARE of the birds IFyou put down your breakfast tray on the table and then go to the beverage counter and leave your table unattended. The birds will eat your food.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Wendrfl
<Content>Excellent all the way around We always stay at Embassy Suites when we can and this one keeps with the tradition and quality that you come to expect. The concierge and all of the staff were always friendly and helpful. We tried to upgrade to a full ocean view and couldn't but the partial view was still wonderful. You can never miss at Embassy with the full made to order breakfast and daily managers reception. Highly reccomend and was excellent all around.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>oishimahi
<Content>Wonderful hotel hidden on Beachwalk St.       new and comfortable beds.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tlnickell63
<Content>Very Nice Hotel  We were originally booked at another Hilton family hotel under remodel and last minute they were unable to accept guests and they transferred our reservation to the Embassy. Everything went smooth, and we enjoyed our stay. Can't imagine staying anywhere else when we go back. Oh! and don't miss The Yardhouse Restaurant next door.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BL24
<Content>Get in before Trump steals the view! My wife and I stayed here in early May and our expectations were exceeded. There's always a lot to be said when a hotel is almost brand new so that aspect certainly weighs in heavily. Friendly service upon check-in and very nice bellstaff. We were upgraded to a corner ocean view room. Our room had 2 lanais so we could see the city, pool, and harbor on one side and the ocean on the other. Rooms are spacious and include flat panel TVs, great beds, and attractive furnishings. The one drawback of this hotel, as nearly everyone else mentions, is the Trump Tower going up next door. It is going to take over almost all of the great views from the Embassy Suites. Currently, they're laying the foundation which resulted in a lot of construction noise. This was especially distracting when lounging by the pool as the pool is almost on top of the construction site. The pool area is great though- lots of lounge chairs and the pool itself was larger than most others in the Waikiki area. The manager's reception was great- free cocktails and a terrific Hawaiian band with a hula dancer. Great access to the new Beachwalk area with plenty of great shopping and numerous restaurants. I'd be happy to stay here in the future, but I'm concerned that the views will be non-existent once The Donald gets his development completed next door.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	4	4	

<Author>redrattler
<Content>Nice!!!!! As a Hilton Honors member I always stay at Embassy Suites and/or Hiltons. This property was new and nice. A little noisey during business hours on the west side due to the Trump Towers Construction and drilling of the foundation but we didnt spend much time during the day in the room. The service was great and very helpful as to the local hot spots. The pool guy Jason was very good at getting you to the good beaches and local spots for food and fun. Thanks Jason. He has some good reccomendations for the North Shore in Haleiwa, such as the Grass Skirt Grill (Big plate of fish, rice, and salad for $11.00) Matsumoto Shaved Ice, and all the surf shops were very cool and friendly. The Shark Cove Grill located in a trailer near Sunset Beach was very good despite the looks of the trailer. Good food!!For a rental car check the internet rather than purchase at the hotel. We saved almost $30 a day by checking the internet at the hotel. Parking is $25 a day but you have no choice in Wakiki. The parking guys were great. The Yard House Rest is just below the hotel and great food, fun, and the bar is happening. We were refered to a sushi Rest at the Hyatt in Honolulu named Musashi. (Located inside the the Hyatt building 3rd floor)GREAT FOOD AND SERVICE AND VERY RESPONABLE!! I would go back again if in town. It was not busy on our Friday night dinner...The Ocean Bird Rest is about 100 yards from the E.S. and good nightly music and drinks. Have a seat on the beach and have a drink and watch and listen the waves. NICE way to impress your sig other. Check out the Swap Meet at the stadium on Wed's. Great deals on Hawaiin shirts, gifts, jewerly, used boogie boards, and just everything Hawaiin. Well worth the trip. Saved a bunch on gifts for friends.  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Macciatto
<Content>Excellent Stay       View from Balcony 2  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NyBeachluver
<Content>Outstanding Property with Lots of Amenities This hotel is a 10! Large beautiful NEW 2 room suites, well equipped  comfy, pleasant  helpful staff, an awesome pool  ultra accomodating front desk. Who could ask for anything more? Our arrival was delayed 5 days due to a missed connection but the front desk instantly moved our reservation  accomdated a last minute increase in our days there. The professionally cooked to order complimentary breakfast each and every day along with the managers reception with open bar every night by the pool easily saved my family of 4 over $1000.My first reaction to the $25/day valet parking was a bit negative at first but with unlimited in/out, eager to please valets  observation that this is pretty much the going rate, I was pleased to pay it. The only downside is occasional construction next door at Trump's new palace.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>beachedwhale8
<Content>Great price for families, but a little noisy The two bedroom suite was clean and roomy. The staff was friendly. It is a smaller hotel, so the service is more personal and faster than the Hilton Hawaiian. Valet parking was very quick, I never waited more than a couple of minutes. Lots of good restaurants in area, we enjoyed dining at the YardHouse.Roy's was not open yet. The free breakfast was better than I expected, not as good as the $25 breakfast buffet at the Hilton but close enough. The business center was useful for printing boarding passes, also free internet access in the rooms. The area is noisy from construction, it will be much noiser when the Trump starts building. The beach was one block away, but it was quite rocky in the closest access point. The scenery of the grounds is lacking or nonexistent. Overall, I would stay here again. My family of five would need to rent two rooms in any other hotel, but a two bedroom suite at the Embassy Suites was cheaper and provided more space.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>NorCal05
<Content>Great for Families Embassy Suites Waikiki Beach Walk is great place for a family vacation with young kids. We just returned this week from our stay and cannot say enough how kid friendly the Embassy Suites is for little ones. We have a two year old and five year old and by far the best attributes are:1. Cook to order breakfast2. Suite provides separate sleeping area for kids3. Great 1 1/2 foot deep area of the pool just for little kids4. Within 1 block of beach and plenty of kid friendly restaurantsWe were on the 19th floor and had a great view of the ocean. When checking in see if you can get a room ending in 02 as the room is on the corner and is much larger than most.The entire staff was extremely friendly and very helpful. I would definitely return to this property as it will only get better as more of the stores open on the beachwalk.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NmarieSanDiego
<Content>Paradise at Embassy Suite       Oceanview from 22nd floor Oct 2007  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sat7
<Content>It was okay Prior reviews mentioned there was quite a bit ofconstruction going on around the hotel..sidewalks, streets, etc.Trump has not started building...I think the noise levelwould be very loud..especially in the drive through lobbyarea. There isn't much of a lobby..it's quite small...you aregreeted by a friendly staff who offer fresh juice while you getchecked in. Valet parking is $25/day...there are no other options.The last night we were there we had to wait almost 20 minutesfor the valet guy to retrieve our car because too many cars werecoming into their driveway at the same time people were tryingto get their cars to leave the hotel. It was a monumental trafficmess of 3 lanes of cars in that lobby area. I'm guessing whenthe hotel is full, it will be a BIG problem.The newer Aloha tower opened..we stayed in the Hula tower.Free internet access is available on the 3rd floor of theAloha tower.We stayed on the 19th floor...with a slight view of the ocean...when you peek out on the lanai. We didn't hearmuch noise from the street level..however, you certainlycan hear people chatting in nearby rooms eitherabove, below, or next door to you.The best rooms were at the end of the floor...rooms 1929 and1930 as they had lanai's that face the ocean.As mentioned in the prior reviews, the room was smallerthan other Embassy Suites rooms that I've stayed in..nocloset...had an armoire.. The rooms were kept clean, andtowels were changed daily...the housekeeping staff werefriendly.I felt the bedroom (2 Q beds) was alittle cramped. Both rooms had flat screen TV's. The living room had a sofa bed..anda table with 4 chairs. Entry into the room you would viewa bar area that had a mini sink, microwave oven, andmini refrigerator.Each room receives a freebie daily newspaper.The free buffet breakfast was basically standard fare ofscrambled eggs, bacon, fresh fruit, sausages, bagels,toast, cereal, cooked to ordered omelette....coffee, juice,milk, etc. At times, we had a singer entertain us..otherwise,it was a wide screen TV.The mgr's reception at 5:30 PM - 7:30 PM.. offered sodas, wine, drinks...nomixed drinks available (ie..no mai tai's, pina coladas..as theydidn't have a blender available). The snacks consistedof chips, salsa, and a Pepperidge Farm snack mix..that's it...nothing excited. I went to one reception..and a great trioof Hawaiian singers were entertaining us. You need toshow your room key to order drinks.The breakfast and mgr's reception was held on the 4thfloor area near the pool. The pool is small with lots ofchaise chairs. I think if you wouldn't appreciate alot of noise...it probably wouldbe a good idea to stay above the 10th floor or higher...Parts of of side lobby area was still under construction..painting...etc. Most of the Beachwalk shops were open...there is anescalor access from the street to the 4th floor of the hotel.You must use your key to use the elevator and to gainentrance to your roomThe hotel was very close to the shopping areas...onKalakua...lots of shopping centers. The Royal HawaiianShopping center is being revamped..and only part of itis open..the end that is closest to Beachwalk...by ourhotel.Beachwalk is a ONE way narrow street coming off ofKalakua.Overall, I think it was nice staying in a new hotel..roomswere slightly smaller than I would have liked, but they wereclean and close to the Waikiki shopping areas andbeaches. Pricewise, it's on par with other major hotelsin the area.Something to think about:.. when this hotel is FULLY booked, howwill they deal with having enough tables/seats for all theguests during breakfast, mgr's reception, and dealing withalot of cars coming in  out of the valet parking area/lobby...noise will be a major concern when Trump starts buildinghis condo/hotel next door.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>ColoradoNestors
<Content>Wonderful! We stayed here for 7 nights in March, 2007 on spring break. The stay was wonderful! Everyone was very helpful and friendly. The rooms were very clean and housekeeping checked on us frequently to make sure everything was ok. We had 2 adults, 3 teenagers and a 1 y/o and the 2 bedroom suite was plenty of room for us all. This hotel is just a short walk to the beach. There are some great restaurants in the area also. Would stay here again for sure. Had a great time!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>buckcsulb
<Content>Weekend getaway in the new section of Waikiki Renovated area of Waikiki - probably would not like to be here for a long period of time, great for a short weekend in Waikiki - Enjoyed!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Zell
<Content>Wonderful experience!   showReview(6902679, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EagleRockers
<Content>A very pleasant hotel stay   showReview(6891676, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rosebud9802
<Content>Just an okay stay!!       View from the top floor of the hotel  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	2	5	2	3	5	

<Author>familyof4Vancouver
<Content>Great breakfast, nice pool for kids       Pool  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>YTC
<Content>Disappointing   showReview(6622685, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	2	3	3	

<Author>sukoshi
<Content>Lacking tranquility   showReview(6596398, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>3	2	-1	2	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>NJTravelBoy
<Content>Not Worth the High Price Tag   showReview(6568408, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	2	4	3	5	3	

<Author>dancingthroughlife
<Content>Brand New Embassy Suites Waikiki       Embassy Suites Lobby  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Embassy Suites - not worth it   showReview(3240232, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>銈儍銈枫兗
<Content>鏈€楂樸仹銇椼仧       銈ㄣ兂銉愩偡銉?/a>  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>sayurik7881
<Content>蹇仼鈽?#x201d;       bath room  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gardenia闈?> gardenia闈?</a> </div>
<Content>銇婇儴灞嬨伅鑹亱銇ｃ仧   showReview(22202449, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儘銉犮兗銉?#x201d;   showReview(21745126, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>銇傘仯銇°們銈?> 銇傘仯銇°們銈?</a> </div>
<Content>鈽嗐儚銉嶃儬銉笺兂鈽?#x201d;   showReview(20740944, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈偗銉嗐偅銉栥仾浜哄悜銇?#x201d;   showReview(20753620, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>EGUCCH
<Content>绔嬪湴銇屻亜銇?#x201d;   showReview(20326272, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>銇忋伨銇?> 銇忋伨銇?</a> </div>
<Content>搴冦亜閮ㄥ眿   showReview(20265199, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	3	3	4	

<Author>銇曘倓銇?> 銇曘倓銇?</a> </div>
<Content>鏈濋銇偑銉犮儸銉勬渶楂?#x201d;   showReview(20018926, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>f-nak
<Content>銈广偆銉笺儎銇с伅銇亸銆侀儴灞嬶紥銇ゃ仺鎬濄仯銇︺亜銇熴仩銇戙倢銇帮紵锛?#x201d;   showReview(19945671, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偆銈偔銇с€佸叏瀹ゃ偣銈ゃ兗銉?#x201d;   showReview(20752736, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儙銉儷銇儧銉嗐儷銇с亾銇簝銇曘伅璨撮噸   showReview(20752572, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇亶銈屻亜銇у簝銇嬨仯銇熴仹銇欍亴銉汇兓銉?#x201d;   showReview(19915427, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍫存墍銇岃壇銇?#x201d;   showReview(19915060, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>銈搞儯銉炽偓銉偄銉?> 銈搞儯銉炽偓銉偄銉?</a> </div>
<Content>銇勩伨銇勩仭銇犮仯銇?#x201d;   showReview(19056506, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>2	3	-1	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鑹亱銇ｃ仧銇с仚锛?#x201d;   showReview(19914581, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈ㄣ兂銉愩偡銉?#x201d;   showReview(19172753, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱亗銇俱亗銇с仐銇熴兓銉汇兓銆?#x201d;   showReview(19172696, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇亱銇亱鑹亜銉涖儐銉仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19172516, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>椋熻不銇屽姪銇嬨倞銇俱仚   showReview(19172467, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏂般仐銇勩伄銇с亶銈屻亜   showReview(19172343, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>搴冦亸銇︺偔銉偆銇儴灞?#x201d;   showReview(19172120, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈熷緟浠ヤ笂銇с仐銇熴€?#x201d;   showReview(19171452, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>琛屽嫊銇椼倓銇欍亜锞庯緝锞?#x201d;   showReview(19171375, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇婂嫥銈併仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19170683, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇婂緱銇偣銈ｃ兗銉?#x201d;   showReview(19170085, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>濂虫€у悓澹€併偡銉с儍銉斻兂銈版梾琛屻伀銇婂嫥銈併仹銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(19168013, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇仼銇儧銉嗐儷銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19166857, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>璨枫亜鐗╁ぉ鍥?#x201d;   showReview(19165375, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱仧娉娿倞銇熴亜銈ㄣ兂銉愩偡銉笺偣銈ゃ兗銉?#x201d;   showReview(19163807, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>渚垮埄銇儧銉嗐儷銇с仐銇熴亴   showReview(19163010, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱仧琛屻亶銇熴亜鈾?#x201d;   showReview(19162082, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偣銉堛儵銉炽亰钖︺倎銇с仚   showReview(19162036, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍒濄倎銇︽硦銇俱倞銇俱仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19161415, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

