<Author>TravelPrincess
<Content>A GEM in Barcelona       Room 208  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>AlliH101
<Content>hard to fault it!! This hotel is excellent value. We stayed here for 6 nights and found it the perfect base. The rooms and bathrooms are a good size, and the mini bar is replenished daily. The rooms were spotless. Ours was on the 1st floor, and a bit close to the road, but as the area is quiet and residential it never bothered us. The pool is little more than a splash pool, but is still nice to drop into after a days sightseeing. It is as many other reviewers noted 15- 20 min walk to the Ramblas. Taxi's are only about 5 - 7 Euros, and the Metro is only a few min away. We used the metro a good bit coming home at night rather than walking. A metro ticket for 10 journeys is only 鈧?.00, and this 70c metro ticket will cover your fare back to the airport form Arc de Triomphe.We did not take breakfast any morning as it was not included in our rate. The rate when we stayed there was 鈧?5 each, which was a bit steep. We ate in several of the cafe's nearby and had coffee and food for under 鈧? for the two of us, which was always excellent.There are several good restaurants nearby, check for recommendations in the guide books. One or two are slightly off the main roads, but well worth rooting out.All in all would stay here again, and I will be back to Barcelona!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>ladyafro
<Content>Should be 4 Star Firstly let me say I am in love with Barcelona and the hotel made it a perfect romantic getaway. Personally I think it should be a 4 star hotel rather than a three, but the only thing that let it down were the staff.... or should I say the reception staff. They were never welcoming and made us feel as though we had stepped into the wrong place on arrival. On our first day we asked for a map so we could see the sites and we were handed over a huge map that folded out so big we couldnt find our starting point, he never offered any help and we had to ask a passer by for direction. It was really only little things that could have made the visit more welcoming, but what really spoiled it was on checking out, we had problems with our bank card going through thier machine and rather than trying to help us sort it out, the receptionist kept telling us to just go and withdraw the cash from an ATM. Eventually it worked and it may just have been a glitch with the system but his attitude spoilt a great weekend.The room was beautiful and the free minibar refilled everyday was a nice touch. It was about a twenty minute walk from the centre, but a five minute walk from the bus station if your coming from Girona. Views from the room not great.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>sonianagra
<Content>Perfect for us! We were flying in and out of Girona so main concern was a decent hotel within walking distance to the bus station, and boy was this perfect! We stayed for 4 nights for one 267 Euros without breakfast by booking a deal through the hotel website. The room was spotless, we like to walk so the 20 min to the center was fine. Absolutely no complaints!  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>Chic-townGirls
<Content>Very comfortable place WE really enjoyed this hotel. The staff was very nice, the room was immaculate. The neighborhood was nice and within walking distance to La Rambla and the Old City. We drove to Barcelona and the fact that they had parking at a decent price was great. We would stay there again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Ed-London
<Content>Nice comfortable hotel, excellent staff, good rates, average location. The Room:The Confortel Auditori was very pleasant. It鈥檚 clean and modern and the room was decent for a 3*. We had a proper double bed - rather than 2 single beds joined together - which made a nice change. The bathroom was also nice and ours (at least) was a decent size. We didn鈥檛 like the pillows, but they weren鈥檛 so bad we felt a need to complain either鈥?As you鈥檒l have read elsewhere 鈥?the minibar in the rooms are free, which is a nice touch, and come with Water (still  sparkling), Beer (one regular, one non-alcohol), Coke (regular  diet) and Juice (orange and another). This gets restocked daily. However, there is no coffee / tea / kettle in the room which always bugs me. Also, worth noting that the hotel doesn鈥檛 have 鈥減roper鈥?room service, they have a contract with a local Pizza chain who will provide delivered pizza / drinks etc 鈥?didn鈥檛 really bother us but means there鈥檚 no room service breakfast for example. Note that we were on the 6th floor (highest apart from the roof) and all the surrounding buildings are the same height, so no views.The Amenities:Breakfast (included in our Rate) was decent, although given the hotel wasn鈥檛 too busy when we were there, the seating was rather limited and tended to fill up by about 8:30 / 9am each morning. The food selection was good however and was replenished through the service period. The staff in the hotel were pleasant, in particular the front desk were very helpful in assisting us with restaurant reservations and similar. There are also two free PC鈥檚 in the lobby, and free wireless access in the rooms. On the downside however 鈥?there were a few times when the Confortel showed its budget hotel roots 鈥?requests for tissues, umbrellas (on the first day at least) and power adapters were not met. Lastly there鈥檚 a small pool (**small** - a splash pool) on the roof, but we were there in late October and it was too cold to use. The Location:Probably the only (real) minor downside to the Confortel Auditori is its location 鈥?it is a bit of a way away from La Rambla (25 minute brisk walk) and the port areas (20 鈥?30 minutes). We don鈥檛 mind as we like walking 鈥?but older visitors or families with kids may not be so keen. The local area is peaceful 鈥?mainly residential 鈥?but on the flip side there weren鈥檛 many (nice) restaurants or bars nearby. However, there is a Metro station 5 minutes away, and a further two stations (different lines) within 10 minutes. The tramline is also 10 minutes walk. A major bus depot is next door. The nearest Metro station (Arc de Triomf) is also an FGC  RENFE (railway line) station. So transport links are good. The Metro system is very efficient 鈥?though there鈥檚 lots (and lots) of steps.Overall:For the competitive rates we paid for our booking (it was low season) we really haven鈥檛 got any complaints about the Confortel. When we return to Barcelona (what a great city!) I would strongly imagine we will stay here again!General recommendations:We would recommend walking 鈥?the Historic / Old town is actually quite small, and is interesting to walk around. Restaurants 鈥?We were lucky to have a local friend recommend some places. Elx in the Maremagnum. Agua in Port Olimpica. Merendero de la Mari in Port Vell. All 3 were really excellent up market restaurants.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	4	4	

<Author>thedreamgl
<Content>Excellent hotel, great location, modern design       Hotel Room 3  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>RexNorway
<Content>Good location Good location, modern turist hotel. Close to the bus station and metro station. Free minibar is a plus and very good breakfast (as long as you show up early). Two pc's in reception with free internet access. Swimmingpool was very small!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	4	4	5	-1	3	

<Author>saar_karni
<Content>Really Great! Really great hotel, we enjoyed it a lot!Far enough from the center, such that it is not too noisy at nights, but close enough to get there (to Placa Catalunya) by walking in 20-30 minutes. Metro station (Arc De Triomf) is 7 minutes walking from the hotel.Rooms are nice and big, and many facilities are free: mini bar, safe, Internet (2 PCs in the lobby and access point for wireless devices). Breakfast is also very good and the staff is friendly.Recommended hotel!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>twiggster1
<Content>Great Hotel, Can't be faulted... We arrived via Ryan Air and the connecting bus from Girona Airport drops you off at the bus station 2 blocks, 5 min walk from the hotel.They checked us in early, so there was no waiting around.The room was very good, clean, modern, plasma tv, free mini bar and excellent bathroom (with a power shower and a heated mirror).The pool on the roof is small but big enough to cool down in, it was very hot and muggy. Lovely sun lounges and a table and chairs to relax in.About 9 blocks to the Rambla and 9 blocks to the sea front. (20mins walk).Breakfast was pricey at 15e but we used one of the many cafes on the way into the city centre, alot cheaper.Used the Barcelona Tours to hop on and off to see the sites. The other bus firm had queues all the way down the street, but with ours it was straight on. Only problem with this tour was it only went one way and the whole tour takes nearly 3 hours. But when you do get off, there are buses every 10 mins to take you back.Barcelona was a great trip and will be going back and to the same hotel.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>micky73
<Content>Good location We stayed at this hotel 4 nights in september to celabrate out first anniversary. The locatin is very good as very close to metro station and also from the bus station where there are direct buses for Girona airport.The room was cleaned and the towels were changed daily but what put me totally of this hotel was the bedding. The sheet was torn is two places and the pillow had a big blood stain which was visible through the nearly transparent pillow case. Also when the bed was changed after 3 nights the new bedding had stains on. You could definitly see this was part of a chain hotel as the staff would hardly raise their heads from the computer in the morning to say good morning.I would not stay at this hotel again and not recommend it to anybody.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	2	3	3	3	

<Author>joylls
<Content>Reasonable It is a superb 3-star hotel in terms of price (skip breakfast in return of a free minibar and 100 euro per room daily). Trendy room design and quiet surroundings. Easy to access major tourist attractions. However, please note the followings:1. This hotel keeps the cost well by switching off the air conditioning while u go out and we just got the mere okay cooling with the coolest setting (and the machine just went out of function on the first day). No change of bedsheet throughout the week of stay.2. 10-minutes walk to La Rambia is okay for runners. For us, a 20-mins walk is a minimum and be prepared to have a good sense on directions in order not to get way lost. If u r lazy enough to get a taxi from la Rambia, get at least 6 euros ready  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>toon_ada
<Content>Excellent Quality and Great location this is a great hotel and its only a short 10 minutes walk or 2 metro stops from the top of La Ramblas. When we turned up our room wasn't ready but it wasn't long before they moved us and enabled us to go and explore. The room was on the inside of the building and was therefore quiet but no view at all. The room was clean and well kept and a good standard. No problems there.Took my swimming gear but didn't bother as my bath at home is bigger ! Its just a short walk of two blocks to the metro and all the walking we did, we never felt threatened or worried by where we were. The only problem as i said was the booking in and that was sorted quickly. If you can get in here, do it.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>JCB88
<Content>Confortable Confortel I stayed at the Confortel Auditori for 6 nights at the end of August. The main appeal of the hotel was that it looked very bright and clean, appeared to be in a decent enough location and was quite inexpensive.The hotel is about a 30 minute RENFE ride and 15 minute Metro from the airport.The room itself was actually pretty nice. It was how we expected it- fairly small but big enough. It had a tv on the wall with a variety of channels and a desk/table in the main room, as well as a safe in the cupboard. There was an air conditioner in the room but it didn't really make the room that cool, however, it was adequate. The bed was suprisingly comfortable and quite large. There is also a free minbar in the room with water, sparkling water, coke, juice and beer. In the bathroom there was a hairdryer which is useful, obviously. The bathroom was really clean and stylish, with a large bath.There was a window/door looking out onto the road and it let a lot of light in making the room bright. If you can, request a room at the front because I have read that people with rooms at the back have complained that the room was quite dark.The rooms were cleaned and tidied daily and even if you wake up late you can request that your room is cleaned when you are out.The hotel has a small swimming pool, probably 5 metres long. WARNING: DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL LOOKING FOR A LAZY POOL HOLIDAY BECAUSE YOU WILL BE DISAPPOINTED! However, the roof area is quite nice, and has a few sun loungers you can catch some rays on during the day, although these got pretty busy.There is also a fitness room in the basement that is really nice. We didn't even go there until the last day but had i know I would have used it. It is small, but was empty when I went and I don't think it gets too busy. There was also a fridge full of free water in there and air conditioning. The hotel is about a 2 minute walk from the metro station and just around the corner from numerous supermarkets. I have read that it is a short walk from La Rambla which is the main road in Barcelona. However, it is quite a walk, but certainly walkable in about 20-30 minutes. But to be honest the metro is really good with air conditioning and you can get to pretty much anywhere in the city quite easily (get a T-10 if you plan on using the metro lots, you get 10 metro trips for about 7鈧?and you can share it). We found that the area called El Born was the best area. It had lots of excellent restaurants, bars and shops, with a lovely square with a cathedral (Santa Maria del Mar) and it was a 10-15 minute walk from the hotel.So, the only negatives were that the staff weren't particularly friendly, but they were efficient and did their job well. Also, the hotel is part of a chain and it did feel like this. You felt a little bit like a number, but this doesn't really matter, as it is only a hotel. I have read reviews where people were disappointed with the Confortel Auditori because they chose it as 'luxury' accomodation. We were very happy with it because we considered it as a 'cheaper' option, so I wouldn't go here if luxury is what you are looking for. Finally, as mentioned before I didn't find the air conditioning cool enough and the sun loungers got very busy.Overall, we were very happy with our stay at Confortel Auditori. It met all our requirements and was very clean and confortable in a nice location.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>mick_here555
<Content>Modern Hotel with free mini bar and internet Great hotel, super clean and modern. Free minibar and internet access, very safe area, not like staying at La Ramba and worrying about being pit pocketed.Had to walk around a bit, but who cares, Barcelona is so nice.I would ONLY consider staying there if I go back and it was AUD$150 in pick season.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IanH82
<Content>Pretty much agree with what other people say. I have recently came back from this hotel following a 3 day visit in late August with my girlfriend.As many people have indicated in the past the hotel is within a residential area so is off the beaten track rather than the centre, and to be honest I don't think that was a bad thing. We arrived on the mid afternoon into Barcelona City Airport and caught the train into Barcelona Train Station and the connecting journey to the Arc de Triomph, due to my inability to remember the map we had to wing it when we arrived in the area and after some scratching heads we go there. If you do have the same problem this MAY help. If you exit and you are facing the Arc de Triomph building then follow the road round to the left and head towards the bus station which you should see. Once at the bus station there is are a number of entrances to the bus stop but if you have a look for the restaraunt Otobre (or very similar) the hotel is on your right (apologises if there is an easier way to go, but is is where the locals directed us to!), the other exits are actually out at the bus terminal.The hotel was described as many other, free mini bar with water, juice and non-alcoholic lager, a digital safe and air con. The bathroom was equipped with a shower and hairdryer.I do agree that the rooms do not have the best natural light and our room looked into some sort of void into the centre of the hotel so no natural air coming into the room, but as it was only somewhere to rest our heads this is a very minor detail.Our deal included breakfast and was the usual continental style, although had I had to pay for it on a daily basis then possibly not, the free internet acess was also a plus.Taxis to the centre are fairly cheap between 5 and 7 euro and to walk is about 20 mins and is pretty much a straight road which is signposted (similarly on the way back we followed the sign to the arc di triomph).If you decide to get the tour bus the blue line runs near the zoo and is about a 10 minute walk from the hotel. To get there walk underneath the arc, down through the couple of parks, the bus stops near the zoo.Barca itself is lovely and I would always recommend it, whilst not a majorly religious person I was taken aback by the Sagrada da Familia which is truly awesome.One thing though, if you get the tour buses now it is an audio journey rather than the rep speaking, everywhere bus stopped in Barca you could see the amount of blue headphones dumped on various bus shelters etc.Overall a very enjoyable break and one a hotel I would recommend.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hazzy1008
<Content>Great hotel but in wrong location Could not fault the hotel however the location was not very convenient. It was a 20 minute walk to the nearest attractions and to the tourist (red and blue) bus routes.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	2	4	4	3	4	

<Author>dw842
<Content>Clean central  Rooms comfortable, Impeccably clean (and I'm picky!). Only 2 mins walk from the North bus station, and 5 mins from the nearest metro (Arc de Triomf) . Friendly multilingual staff. Free internet access. Small downside: No evening meals (but who wants to eat in the hotel anyway, with that many restaurants about ), and a 15 minute stroll from the centre of things (Placa de Catalunya) . Recommended.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>euphrates78
<Content>Not for Sunshine Lovers Everything was OK for a 3 star hotel except the fact that we were not able to see any single ray of sunshine in our room. I felt depressed a little bit... Free minibar and internet were appreciated.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>jeetdragon
<Content>Decent Hotel for a Decent Price Decent hotel with clean rooms and a free minibar (don't expect alcohol or food though). There were two computers with free internet in the lobby which was nice. They also had a night guard in the evening which was comforting. Excellent location (depending on your point of view) close to the Arc de Triomf metro/RENFE stop. From the Airport we took the RENFE train Line #10 to Barcelona-Sants from there you can catch RENFE Lines 1,4,3 or 7 to Arc de Triomf and it's about a 5 minute walk to the hotel. In more of a residential neighborhood so it is quiet at night and the streets are dead. La Sagrada Familia is about 1km away and Las Ramblas about 2km away (walkable distances). Given how expensive Barcelona is, we were very happy with what you get for the price. Two complaints:1) Had trouble booking directly through their website here in the U.S. Needed to go through another website to book.2) We checked out very early in the morning and the front desk person did not know how to use the Credit Card machine. He made us think that two of our credit cards were being rejected. After the 3rd try on the 2nd card (5th try overall) he figured it out. Luckily we checked out even earlier as we had to catch an early train.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	2	4	5	

<Author>Golden_Vision
<Content>Lovely hotel, just a little far out. We've just come back from a 3 night/2 day long weekend and stayed at the Confortel Auditori.It's a great hotel, very modern, very clean and has a free mini bar with fruit juice, water, coke and beer which is replenished everyday.The pool is admitedly very small but we didn't plan to use it so it didn't matter to us.The hotel is based in a residential area but we quite liked being able to escape the hustle and bustle at the end of the day. La Ramblas was in walking distance but probably would have taken between 25-35 minutes depending on how fast you wanted to walk. For us, having been on our feet exploring all day, we got a taxi to take us there in the evenings. On average it cost about 5 or 6 euros which we didn't mind paying.We did take a leisurely stroll to La Sagrada on the Sunday and that only took about half an hour.We didn't bother eating at any of the restaurants close by, we preferred to be in the busier areas.We stayed room only but did pay the 13 euros each to have breakfast on our last day. It was a buffet breakfast with fresh fruit, salamis, cheese, breads, cereals etc. It was mostly cold food although you could do your own toast, as you usually can at a hotel breakfast. My only complaint (and it is a little one) is that it would have been nice to have something hot on there. Not a major moan.If you do stay in Barcelona, make sure you get down to the port areas as well as the usual tourist areas. Barceloneta is also lovely.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mcfc20
<Content>above average 3 * Taxi to the hotel from the airport about 30 eurosCheck in was smooth and rooms clean and comfortablelocation was in a quiet area but 5 mins walk from the arc de triumph metro station which gives you easy and cheap access tomost of the cityThe hotel is quite new which is why its above average but it definately is a 3 star,there is no bar ,the restaurant times are limited,no tea and coffee making facilities and a very smallpool/sun lounging areaThoroughly enjoyed Barcelona...but possibly the most expensive city I have visited probably down to the pound/ euro rate at the time.. 1x lager and a baileys on the ramblas 15 euros (拢12) slightly cheaper around port olympic and elsewhere but not much and even round the hotel it was 7 euros for a couple of drinksDid all the usual tourist sites ,beach seemed to be clean,but didnt really use itNou camp was very good(14 euros) as well as all the Gaudi sitesAfter reading the trouble about pickpockets I was quite wary when i arrived but need not have worried...didnt see any trouble at all in the 5 days i was there ,There a few beggars around and around midday we saw some bloke walking down the ramblas totally naked but that was allso to sum up great city ...average hotel  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>ChiMagMile
<Content>Uneven Experience They had a decent exercise room, a decent breakfast (included in our package) a small rooftop pool, free internet and a great location, also free(!) minibar. The hotel was also very clean. The only problem was the service was very uneven. One dek staff person was professional, and even pleasant but not especially caring, although this may have been a language or cultural barrier between us, and one was consistently surly and evenhostile in his demeanor. (Again, could have been cultural-linguistic issue-- I admit, I don麓t speak Catellan and barely Spanish! ) The third, however, David, was especially wonderful. As we checked out there was a miscommunication between the cab driver and the desk--the driver thought we were going to the airport, and we weren麓t. So all was quite good, except the service, which was a decidedy mixed bag. I would still recommend it--, maybe the surly guy will find work he likes better and won麓t be there anymore.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	3	5	

<Author>jamoinoz
<Content>a little gem with a great location! If you are looking for a good hotel under 100 euros a night in downtown barcelona this is it! A terrific location in what i would call a quiet local area, within a brisk 20 min walk to Plaza de Catalunya.The staff were extremely helpful with maps and information. The room was very modern with a nice big bath. Around the corner is a good cheap pizzeria if you find yourself hungry!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ollie99
<Content>Good but advertising a bit misleading Stayed there six nights in a regular room. Overall, the hotel was pretty good. The room was large, modern and very clean. The hotel staff was fine but worked at its pace...no rush. The location was ok but I feel that I was mislead about its proximity to the main sites in Barcelona. The hotel claims to be 400 meters away from the Olympic Harbor and 700 meters from Las Ramblas. There's NO WAY the hotel is 400 metres away from the Olympic harbor. We had a taxi take us there and my guess is that it's at least 3km away. Also, Las Ramblas is a good 20 minute walk. The hotel is actually in a residential area. Expect to walk at least 15 minutes before hitting an interesting part of Barcelona. There are a couple of cafes in the immediate area but they're not very good so try to avoid them. Also, don't go there for the pool. The pool is very, very small. We didn't book there for that but if you expect a decent sized pool forget it. It's hardly bigger than a jacuzzi. I recommend that you take a cab from the airport to get to this hotel. It's about 30 euros.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	3	3	4	

<Author>WestMidlandsAnn
<Content>Great Break Just returned from a 5 day break at this hotel, have to say it is the best 3 star hotel we have ever stayed in, rooms were clean and mini bar was a great bonus, the staff were helpful and friendly. Weather was 30 degrees,Only downside was not many places to eat, the Italian on the corner opposite the hotel was awful, waitress was rude and abrupt and the food tastless would not recommend. The Oriential Restaurant opposite the bus station was nice and resonable around 8 euros for a 3 course meal. If you are arriving into Barcelona airport the bus will take you into Placa Catalunya for 4 euros we then caught a taxi to the hotel for 6 euros. Las Ramblas was expensive we ordered 2 cokes and paid 12 euros, there is a few Irish bars off Las Ramblas if you fancy a change from local beers! the walk into Las Ramblas was about 20 mins, we walked to the beach this was about 25 mins and Sagrada about 35 mins, decided not to get the tourist bus as we wanted to walk and see the sights. If you are visiting FCB Stadium then the number 54 bus near the hotel will take you there for 1.30 euros and drops you off right outside a nice little find!. Overall we really enjoyed our city break in Barcelona we travel often and normally don't go back to the same place twice but we will be returning next June and staying at the Confortel. Excellent!!!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KCW2008
<Content>Disappointing! The hotel is clean and the staff are friendly but there were a number of issues which made our stay quite disappoining. Firstly part of the reason we booked the hotel was due to the fact it had a pool. In reality the pool is a 2 metre by 2 metre square stuck in a tight corner on the 7th floor of the hotel which we refered to as the cattle dip. There was no seating or loungers around thepool and only 5 or 6 sun loungers crushed into a tiny area just below and to the left of the pool area with two umbrellas which meant, due to the size of the space, that even if you were able to get a seat up there - which would mean queuing for the door to be unlocked at 9.30am, then quite often you could not actually get out of the sun once it was at a certain position in the sky. For a hotel which has a pool as one of it麓s main selling points I麓m not sure that the area actually provided to guests qualifies, especially given the number of hotel rooms and so guests to the actually facilities offered. The free mini bar also sounded great but realistically all it contains is a couple of small bottles of water, coca cola and some non-alcoholic beer. Once you take into account the fact that the pool and mini bar promise is not quite what it seems you are left feeling particularly peeved when the hotel staff tell you they do not have an iron or ironing board in the whole hotel and that you have to pay the extra to use the hotel laundry facilities. For us who were attending a wedding the hotel managed to fleece us out of just under 30 Euro simply to have a suit and shirt ironed!Some other more minor issues included the air con in the room being so weak that I hardly noticed it was on and spent most of our stay absolutey boiling, admitedly it works in the hotel foyer but not in the upstairs corridors or seemingly our room unfortunately. The restaurant is more like a canteen with the tables in the lobby area and the menu leaving a lot to be desired. This is not really a restaurant but more a cafeteria if they are being honest. The room is very minimalist, to the point that there is so little lighting I spent most of the time in my room feeling like a mole as I scratched around to try and find things in the dark. Finally the bathroom was so small and built in such a wierd shape that you had to close the door just to get to the toilet, only the door didn麓t propery close. The shower screen also did not fit properly so with each shower the floor flooded meaning that any attempts to actually exit the tub became a game of lets not break your neck on the flooded tiled floor. All in all this hotel does not offer a very good deal unless you are happ poor value for your mony. From looking at other places during our stay I can honestly say we would not be staying with them in future and that your money could be much better spent elsewere and provide a much more pleasurable stay in Barcelona.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	5	3	4	3	

<Author>alieninny
<Content>Great Find! Just got back from Barcelona... stayed at Confortel Auditori for five nights.Room was exactly as described here very clean and with amenities of a 4 or 5 star at 3star prices.I had heard about the free minibar which was great but even better was the free wifi internet all over the hotel.The staff was courteous and friendly ... check took three mins and room was ready when we arrived the 2pm.They organised my taxi at 4am on the way back and pretty much took all instructions well and followed up on all things to the tee.Only downside i found it further from La Rambla etc than I thought it would be but that was bec I had not paid close attention to the location.All in all superb experience comparable in service and cleanliness to the 5star i stayed in Madrid.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>eagleeye73
<Content>great location the location of the hotel is perfect 5 min walk from the bus staion,if you arrive at the bus station take exit 0ne via the lift ,walk straight ahead and the hotel is on the corner,we caught the bus from girona airport 21e return and it takes just over an hour.the hotel was really nice,nice and clean friendly staff if you arrive late they do a pizza delivery service,when your very tired its a welcome treat.i went with my friend we are both early 30`s and we felt really safe as long as you go with a bit of common sense you cant go wrong.a 5 min walk from the hotel brings you to the arc de triomf where there are loads of cafe bars,we spent most of the days just walking around no need for the metro ,from the hotel it takes around 45 to the port again loads of place to eat,20 min to the sagrada familia,25 min la rambla,by foot .the reason i liked the hotel was that is was near every thing but not in everything.the hotel had a pool ...well more jaccuzzi size ,but as we were out all day we didn`t use it.the tourist bus 21e for the day is a great way to get around the city ,guell park(which is free),the cable ride at monjuic is a fab way of seeing the city in all its splender and there is a great bar called bar miramar ,views from the roof at catedral de barcelona are breathtaking.most places you visit cost from 5-10e.avoid eating on the la rambla very expensive,we walked down side streets and found some amazing tapas bars.overall barcelona is an amazing place and the hotel is a perfect base,avoid breakfast at 13e its not worth it,there are plenty of places near by to grab breakie.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>barb25
<Content>Group liked this hotel I am a travel agent in St. Louis and eight of my group with my husband and I stayed here for two nights (May 8th  9th).This was a very modern hotel with a welcoming front desk person. Rooms were clean with a free mini bar which includedtwo water, two beer, and two juices which were restocked each day. The breakfast was substantial and varied. This hotel ispretty far from Las Ramblas but there is a bus station and ametro station about two blocks away. Be sure to have the hotel'saddress with you as some cab drivers have difficulty locating thehotel without the specific address. I do recommend this hotel as long as you know that it is about a mile from some of the mainattractions of Barcelona. I booked our reservation through a travel company called Euro Connections.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lbarlow
<Content>A wonderful stay       Our Room  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jo2477
<Content>Virtually faultless - a great find ! A 5-night stay with my best friend sharing a twin room on the 2nd floor. The hotel was modern and very clean, the room a reasonable size, and the location welcomingly off the beaten tourist track but close to the metro and within easy adult walking distance of all the sights. The room had a welcome free minibar and air-con, and fantastically soundproof patio doors which were openable in the day. There was a splashpool and small sundeck on the roof. The buffet breakfasts were plentiful and amazing - open 7-10.30am and constantly refreshed even up to the last 10 minutes of the sitting. There were sufficient restaurants and supermarkets nearby without having to make a real effort to go out after a long day exploring, and reasonable prices because of the hotel's location. The only downside (and that was so tiny it didn't really bother us) was that the room didn't have tea or coffee making facilities, although you could have free coffee every morning between 5.30-7.00am if you were awake !! Would definitely recommend and return.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>paulc051
<Content>Good Hotel, good position Good, clean, modern hotel. Located about a five minute walk to the nearest metro station arc de triumph so you are able to tour the whole city easily. We purchased a ten trip ticket for 7 euros or you can do one for three days for 14 euros.Free minibar in the room comprises 2 still waters, 2 sparking waters, 2 orange juice, 2 coca cola and 2 beers. These are stocked up every morning when the room is cleaned.The room is modern and clean with a flat screen tv on the wall. Only a couple of english speaking channels though.Bathroom has a large shower and plenty of complementary toiletries.If you are wanting a full english breakfast then this is not the place for you. Cereals, toast, ham, cheese, croissants and a selection cakes. Juice and coffee is available.There are 2 free internet connections located in the lobby. Handy if you need and info or just want to keep in touch. There is a very small gym and an equally small pool on the roof, which is closed at this time of year.Warned about pickpockets but we did not have a problem. Took the tourist bus which costs 20 euros for the day and you can hop on and off as much as you like. You catch it at the top of Las Ramblas, which is within walking distance of the hotel.Overall very pleased with the hotel it is an excellent base for seeing Barcelona.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Feenee
<Content>Great hotel, perfect location       Nice beds  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>floaredecolt121212
<Content>Good choice       Table and LCD  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>El-Saato
<Content>Great, modern hotel Myself and my wife spent the weekend at Confortel barcelona and we were quite scared as we didnt know what to expect (the hotel only opened 10 days before and we could find no reviews). Th hotel itself is fantastic. The building and room is of an extremely modern style, with great attention to detail. The staff were friendly and efficient, and we had a great view of the beach (which is only 10 mins walk away). The restaurant is also reasonably priced.The gym is small, yet great, and we loved the fact that we got a free mini-bar (includes 2 beers, 2 still and 2 sparkling water and 4 soft drinks)  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ernest7
<Content>A Pleasant Stay We've just returned from three nights at the Confortel Auditori and thoroughly enjoyed our stay.I can only concur with some of the previous reviews - the room was clean and the free minibar was a nice touch.The flat screen television only had a couple of English channels, BBC World was one of them.We didn't bother with the breakfast. It was a bit pricey and there are plenty of cafes around offering much better deals.There's not much to see close to the hotel but you're only five minutes walk to the metro station - Arc de Triomf and Monumental are the closest.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>W0rld_traveller78
<Content>Nice and clean hotel We enjoyed our stay at Hotel Confortel Auditori. The hotel was clean and nice, with a friendly staff. Nice room with a decent bed, clean bathroom and... free minibar! =) Also a flatscreen TV, but mostly spanish channels. A big plus was the free Internet in the hotel lobby, you also could access free WLAN. You also could have a breakfast for an additional fee of 16 鈧?person, which we found quite pricey.The hotel was located in a quiet area, near to a bus station and the metro stop Arc de Triumf. In our opinion the hotel was ok and well worth the money. You will have a pleasant stay at Hotel Confortel Auditori.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	3	5	3	3	5	

<Author>ocalllo
<Content>Clean, affordable and good location - would stay again! Getting a decent hotel in Barcelona within walking distance to the city is difficult but i would totally recommend this one.We flew direct into BCN and there is a bus transfer to the metro and then a change to get you to Arc De Triumph (sp?) Station.look for directions when you get off the train you want the Naples exit toward the bus station, from there it is a 4 mins walk.On arrival the receptionist was very pleasant and check in was very quick. I had requested a floor on the higher level but upon arrival we discovered we had been given a disabled room with a very small/low shower - (my husband is 6'2').we rang reception and they swapped us to a room on the 2nd floor instead.The free mini bar is a great bonus and plenty of toiletries and a hair dryer as standard.It was about a 15mins pleasant walk into town, leaving you at the top of La Ramba. Or 2/3 metro stops.We partied hard so did not use any of the facilities, eat or drink in the hotel but it did look all very welcoming and clean.i would definitely stay here again and recommend it to friends.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>GillyBCrewe
<Content>Great holiday! We have just returned from a five night stay in Barcelona. After reading the reviews on this site, we chose to stay at the Confortel Auditori. We were not disappointed, we found the hotel modern, clean and comfortable. The staff we met were all friendly and helpful and did all they could to make our stay enjoyable. The location was great, a fifteen minute stroll took us to the Sagrada or the Ramblas or the Bari Gotic depending which direction we took. We didn't eat breakfast at the hotel, we thought 15 euros was expensive and there are plenty of little bars around the city that do great coffee and a croissant. After one particularly heavy day sightseeing, the hotel phoned a local pizza delivery service for us, which brought pizza to our room - great if you're feeling lazy. The Chinese restaurant near the hotel serves good food, but our favourite eating place was taverna del Bisbe near the old cathedral - excellent paella. We will definately return to Barcelona, and wil stay at Confortel Auditori again.TIPTake a 2 day pass on the tourist bus. We did the red route one day and the blue route another. Great value. Make sure you have a drink outside Cafe Zurich at the end of La Rambla - a good place to watch the world go by.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>matyovis
<Content>Great Hotel Confortel Auditori Very good hotel.Feels like business hotel with some luxuries: free mini bar, free internet, free gym.The location is very good, 5 min from metro, 15 min from city center.Very clean, nice design, good stuff.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sarah1979London
<Content>Nice Hotel We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. It is very clean, modern and the free mini bar is a nice touch. Only disappointing thing was that the bar shut at 8.30pm but this did not bother us too much as we went out each night.Be sure to get a card off the reception as when we were getting taxis they were getting a bit confused as to our location because it is a one way road. If you show them your card you will be fine.Would stay at this hotel again!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wildsurfdude
<Content>So pleased to have stayed here Just got back from a three day trip to Barcelona, and stayed at this great hotel. Chose the Auditori for it's location near the main bus station, and it's literally 300 yds from it! Had booked a twin room for myself and a friend, but on arrival was told they only had a double room. Without me causing a fuss, they decided to give us two rooms, what great service! This also meant two free mini-bars, bonus! The rooms are modern and very clean, with nice bathrooms and the usual array of gels and soaps etc. You also have the facility of free internet access via their own on site p.c's, very handy. The hotel has a great buffet breakfast 15 euro extra, but nice if you need filing up.It is a great base for everything in the City, has some fairly cheap spanish bars located nearby, the Ramblas is a 15 min walk, Sagrada Familia 15 mins to the North, 10 euro taxi ride to the Nou Camp. Overall, this was my third visit to the City and by far and away the best hotel i've stayed in, especially for the price and location.Would highly recommend, and look forward to going back.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Maydane
<Content>nice hotel, bad location We stayed 4 nights in this newly renovated hotel.The rooms are mediumsize, but very fresh and clean, decent bathtubs, and bedsize. They also have flatscreen but only two english channels, fortunately the city has alot to offer so it doesn't matter.The hotel is far from the center, but metro is 500 meters away. The breakfast is really awful and overpriced. Stay away for the love of god, but across the street is a bakery. Use that instead.They give away free bottles of water, which is a nice little treat.They also have a small gym in the basement, but useable.would I stay again, no, I would pick something more in the centre, but I have no complaints, beside location and breakfast. Very friendly staff.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cockrel
<Content>Our 40th Anniversary       Confortel Auditori in Barcelona, Spain  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>terracotta_army
<Content>Enjoyed our stay here! We have just come back from a long weekend from Barcelona where we stayed at the Auditori based on reviews on Tripadvisor. Very convenient for those arriving at Barcelona's north bus station (from Girona airport) - only 3 minutes walk away! We arrived at 11 in the morning and dropped in to see whether we could leave our bags there until check-in at 1pm. However, they checked us in straight away whcih was really good of them! Check-in was quick and efficient. Was great to be able to leave our bags in our room and also to grab a drink from the free minibar. Nice selection - 2 cokes, 2 fruit juices, 2 still and 2 fizzy waters and 2 beers! As some have commented, it's about a 15-20 min walk to Placa La Catalunya but the Arc De Triomf metro station is only 5 minutes walk away and we used the metro quite a few times. Tip - it may pay you to buy a T10 card if you only use the metro a few times. We nearly bought the 3 day travel card at 14.30 euros each (there were 2 of us) but in the end bought 2 T10 cards which gave us 20 journeys. Note - you can also use one T10 card between a group of us. Our highlights were La Pedrera, Parc Guell and the cable car at Montjuic. After several tired days walking around, it was always nice to come back to the comfortable Auditori. Would probably stay there again if we ever returned to Barcelona.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>vallico2008
<Content>It really is a perfect place to stay Perfectly placed within walking distance of the bus station, the drop off point for Ryanair flights. A quiet street ( and a room at the back is even quieter so ask for one). Modern, minimalist and very smart in style. Extremely clean and well kept. The room was spacious and comfy and the bathroom was excellent. No noise at all from other guests. Reception and other staff courteous and friendly. This hotel is non smoking in the public areas which was wonderful.We didn't eat there as it's nice to stroll to a cafe for breakfast. Free wifi was great, so handy and you can access the interent in the lobby for free as well. Nearby there are some good restaurants but you do have to walk a bit, excellent Italian up by the Sagrada Familia. I liked the Chinese place by the bus station. The nearby supermarket sells everything you could want.We shall return to this super hotel. Reasonable prices for a city stay as well.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>arj7277
<Content>Want lower price?Great staff, great location, free mini bar       Walked the Segrada Familia church  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>spaintripToronto
<Content>Good Hotel, Not so good location We stayed at the Confortel Auditori for 3 night in January. The hotel in it's self is fine. The front desk staff were very good and helpful. The room was clean and well appointed. My husband appreciated the free internet, and they also stock the mini bar with free beverages which was a very nice touch. The most unfortunate thing is the location. It's not in a very great area, we often took cabs in the evening. It's also a half hour walk to the centre. We also stayed at the Vincci Arena when we first arrived in Barcelona, and if I were to go back I would Chose the Vincci ove the Confortel. If you look up the Vincci review, I have given a review of it and also a few tips about the area and restaurants etc. Have a great trip!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>queenst
<Content>Good hotel BUT watch the security. A party of us spent 2 nights in January.Good hotel, comfortable, reasonable location.. BUT.. we feel security is severely lacking. Within the space of 24 hours we had a handbag and a wallet stolen by outsiders coming in to the hotel. So be on your guard in the hotel as well as in Barcelona in general. From our experiences, the unfortunate reputation that Barcelona has seems to be well founded.Despite all this a great city to visit.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>patatas
<Content>Good hotel Very nice modern hotel with free wireless network. Only negative aspect is that the location is maybe not the best of Barcelona, although it is reasonably close to placa catalunya.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Sarah63
<Content>Deserves it's high rating We selected this hotel from Trip Advisor after reading excellent reviews. What a fantastic place to stay! There really is nothing to begained from looking at photos posted by visitors because the hotel's own photos are exactly as the place looks. Some would say that the location is a little far out of the centre but we walked everywhere with no bother. The view from the rooftop pool is terrific - worth going up there to see the gardens of the penthouse apartments surrounding the hotel. We never ate at the hotel but there is great little bar just opposite (The Olive Tree, I believe).  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Korey
<Content>Perfect!       Bathroom / Shower  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Whitey30
<Content>Ideal Base Date: 13-16 Nov 07Reviewer; Retired couple in our 60sWe found the hotel from reviews on Trip Advisor which proved to be generally in line with our findings and an excellent choice. The hotel is new, of a good 3* superior standard and good value for money. Rooms are spotlessly clean, serviced to a high standard daily with plenty of space, a good double bed and excellent ensuit facilities. Staff are friendly and helpful. The buffet breakfast option is well worth taking. No one seemed to eat dinner in the hotel - the restaurant one block south (facing Bacelona Nord Station) is good if you eat in the locality.Our recommendations for an excellent 3 day sightseeing break in Barcelona is to buy day passes (1,2 or 3) on the Metro and Bus Turistic. From the Hotel it is a 3 minute walk to the Napols Street entrance of the Arc de Triomf Metro station and then only 2 stops on the metro to Placa Catalunya from where you can walk the city or catch the Bus turistic. On return, look for the Napols exit when you get off the Metro as it is nearer to the hotel.Overall this Hotel is quiet, comfortable and good value. Barcelona is a wonderful city for a break.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>s96talle
<Content>Excellent! Stayed four nights in november in the Auditori. Great, modern, clean hotel to a nice price. 200 meter from the airport busstation and very close to the metro. Include the breakfast in your booking it is really good.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>amosha
<Content>Excellent hotel at a great location       The Bath  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Cymrobach
<Content>Very pleasant and enjoyable experience A group of sixteen of us spent five nights at this hotel at the end of October 2007 and I think that we were all well pleased with the experience. A few of our number had the ocassional breakfast in the hotel and found the food plentiful and of good quality but most of us gave it a miss because it added significantly to the cost. Alternative breakfast - On coming out of the hotel turn right and walk up to the next junction - then take the first left and continue down that road for approx 600-800m, towards the city centre, crossing a few crossroads, until you see a bar / cafe called Bar Fausto - they do a good English breakfast for 7.5 E or a continental for 5 E.The hotel staff were very pleasant, helpful and English speaking. Freebies such as the mini-bar, free mineral water (available in upper foyer) and internet access were well worth having. The bedrooms were very clean and comfortable, although those facing inwards were perhaps, less appealing. The security safe in each bedroom were also useful. The hotel is well situated, in a realtively quiet street but within walking distance (15 mins) of the city centre. One minor disadvantage is the lack of restaurants, as opposed to bar / cafes, within a mile of the hotel - we found ouselves having to wander to the city cntre most evenings. All in all, a very pleasant stay and I'm sure that all sixteen of us would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jacobus2
<Content>OK, but misses on the 'little things'... My wife and I just returned from a 10-day trip to Spain which included 3 nights in this hotel. It was by far the most expensive of the 4 hotels we visited, but we thought it would be nice to splurge on our last stay. Overall the Confortel Auditori was about what I expected - very modern (appropriate, I thought, for the city of the modernistas); well-located *if* you are willing to use the fantastic Barcelona metro system (which I highly recommend); sparkly clean; loaded with features (free Internet PCs, though often unavailable, free mini-bar).However... I am only giving this hotel 3 stars because for a relatively expensive hotel it had numerous little flaws that marred the experience. Right off the bat our room request was screwed up - we were very clear that we needed 2 beds (it was printed on our confirmation) but our room had only 1 double. It required a most unpleasant scene at the desk, and threats to leave before they rectified this (their first 5 responses were simply sorry, nothing we can do - wrong answer!)The flaws, mostly minor, continued... Though the weather was generally cool the hotel's interior was quite warm where not air-conditioned, even at night. This meant that we either had to use the AC (which often triggers my wife's allergies) or keep the window open. Thankfully, there was a window that opened onto the hotel's interior, but you simply couldn't both have the window open and use the privacy curtains (which were necessary in this case). Just one of several little design flaws. Here's another one: This was the only hotel I can ever recall where it was impossible to control the two reading lights separately - they were either both on or both off. Breakfast: Skip it. For 13 Euros (almost triple any other hotel on our trip) you could do much better anywhere else. They couldn't even provide a proper hard-boiled egg - apparently they didn't know that a boiled egg must be rinsed in cold water to allow easy peeling. Honestly, for 13 Euros... Again, symptomatic of a place that splurges on some things but screws up on the details.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Escape-reality
<Content>Good value hotel Just returned from a 3 night stay at this hotel with friends. Our fourth visit to Barcelona in as many years but their first. Nice modern hotel with excellent housekeeping standards. Inward facing rooms not very big but perfectly acceptable. Not all rooms have bath with shower. Friends had breakfast every day and were very pleased. We are not big on breakfast and had coffee and pastry near the entrance to the metro. Local area is well worth taking the time to explore on foot. Arc de Triomph is the start of a pleasant walk to the marina. Sagrada Familia also an easy walk. This was the furthest we have stayed from the centre but very easy links via metro and taxi fare only about 5euro from Ramblas. Eating out at lunchtime try the stalls at the back of the market on Rambla. Best value in town but have to jostle for places with the locals. Hotel staff very helpful with directions and have some good complimentary city maps. Internet access in lobby on hotel computers was a big plus for us. No need to take laptop for a change! All round a good choice.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rjalv
<Content>Overall ok, but had a problem with room assignments We stayed at the hotel twice, and the first experience was better than the second one. The hotel itself is nice, new, clean, with well-appointed rooms, and not far from the main city attractions -especially if you have a car or don't mind taking taxis. Breakfast is pretty good. We were two couples travelling with one child each, i.e. 6 people in total, so we requested 2 triple rooms. During the first stay we were assigned the 2 triple rooms and it all worked well. However, when we arrived at the hotel the second time, they said they had ran out of triple rooms so they offered 3 double rooms instead. The problem is: How do you put two couples with two small children in three double rooms? The guy at reception was a bit rude and said he couldn't do anything. It was close to midnight, so we ended up taking the three rooms, and we move two mattresses from one of the rooms into each of the other two rooms, for each child to sleep with their parents. We had to do everything ourselves because the guy at reception did not want to send anybody to help us. Other than that unfortunate incident, the hotel was Ok  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>Sul72
<Content>Free Mini Bar! The Confortel Auditori is a great modern and clean hotel, it is idealy situated with a 5 min walk to the nearest metro station or a 10 min walk to La Ramblas. We had a great room very clean and tidy with a modern feel, free minibar that was refilled daily. There is a free gym open 24/7 and there is a small but very refreshing pool on the roof with a sun deck. The breakfast is very generous with a wide veriety of good fresh food. It was our first visit to Barcelona we loved the city and the hotel was the cherry on the cake.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kate191
<Content>Great hotel Very nice, clean hotel with simple but modern design. The hotel is very close to the metro station, so i can's understand why some people were complaning about the distance to the metro. It is literally 5 minutes! Breakfast was above the average with hot sandwiches and plenty of fresh fruits. Cant complain about a single thing!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>brown_suga_traveler
<Content>The Confortel Auditori is a hip place to stay The Confortel Auditori was very hip and confortable, not to mention cheap. I traveled with a friend to Barcelona on May 26, 2007, and stayed there for about 5 days. Ironically, me and a friend of mine found out about this hotel through another member here on Trip Advisor. We are so glad we took their advice. Although originally we were bummed we couldn't find a decent place within Placa de Cataluna (the main city square), we were glad we chose the Confortel because at night time it was secure, quiet, and clean. The hotel was very modern and hip for young travelers, and the staff members were very plesant, helpful and accomodating. Not to mention we were just close enough to the city with a 5 minute Metro ride. We couldn't have asked for a better place to stay.The only down side to the trip is that the hotel did not provide irons, therefore we could not iron our clothes. And they also do not provide washcloths.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IMD-Mid-Wales
<Content>Loved it My wife and I stayed here for a week in early September 2007 on our honeymoon. We'd booked it on the strength of the reviews on this site and were really pleased. The hotel was spotlessly clean and the staff on the front desk spoke good english and were more than helpful. Our room (607) was spacious and looked out over the street. There were a pair of doors which opened out looking over the street, meaning that you could get some fresh air and take in the outside atmosphere while still lying on your bed. The double bed was really comfortable and the bathroom was lovely with a very powerful shower and hot bath. Oh, and we mustn't forget to mention the free minibar. It does exactly what it says on the tin, there was a range of soft drinks and beer freshly topped up every day and we never had to pay a penny for any of them.The location was good, with a metro station virtually at the end of the block. There was also an excellent chinese restaurant within 100m of the front door. Infact, it was so good that we went there two nights in a row.Overall we had a very enjoyable time and wouldn't hesitate to recomend this hotel to anyone in the future.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rye13
<Content>Great hotel, great value       Hotel Room  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Nermaliods
<Content>Great Place to Stay Stayed for three nights, in a double room thought it was great.Situauted minutes from Arc de Triomf metro station, the Confortel Auditori is in the centre of Barcelona but far enough away from the hustle and bustle to ensure you don't enounter street salesmen or thousands of other tourists when you step out of the door.The room was clean, functional and smartly decorated, we had free use of a minibar and the usual international hotel cable tv on a flat screen at the end of the bed. The bathroom was great with a powerful shower and mirrors that didn't steam up!Staff where friendly and helpful if a little overworked. There were two PC's in the lobby that could be used by residents to surf the web.I'd reccommend this hotel to anyone on a modest budget who wants to stay somewhere smart and functional.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>RY28
<Content>Convinient location friendly hotel The hotel is perfectly located to explore Barcelona. Just outside the busy central areas and 5 minutes walk to the tube station (5 -10 minutes jorney into town) or 20 minutes walk to the main square (Placa Catalania) for the tourist bus and La Rambla. 15 minutes walk to the sea front and even less to the Citadella park. The staff were friendly and efficient and happy to help with directions. Unusually, the mini bar was complimentary and so was the internet access. For those with no laptops, there are 2 computers connected to the internet at reception (free). There were 2 supermarkets right next to the hotel. Hotel has a swimming pool with some deck chairs on the roof terrace and although tiny (about 5x 3m) and smelling of medicines (I guess it's the Spanich equivalient of chlorium) -still quite nice for dipping in on a hot day. Room was sufficient size and clean but the decor was slightly greyish. Nice bathroom. Aircon worked but was quite noisy so we switched it off at night. One problem for late sleepers would be noise in the corridor, it felt like there was no noise insulation whatsoever. Overall an enjoyable stay. Good 3* place. Maybe a bit on the expensive side (we paid about GBP70 per night). I would stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Losviages
<Content>Exellent service and comfortable rooms Hotel Confortel Auditori is situated slightly aside from the main streets and center of the city, but especially if you know your way around in BCN, the location is good. Metro stop is nearby and you could basically walk to Placa Catalunia too. Hotel is neat, quiet and rather stylish. Rooms are comfortable and furbished in Scandinavian style. The customer service at the lobby was excellent and staff spoke fluent English. Free WLAN is available throughout the hotel and you can also use the public computers at the lobby. The swimming pool is small, but offers nevertheless a chance to refreshen after a long day at the city or in the morning. The free minibar was a nice surprise too, especially since it was refilled everyday! We were more than pleased with our experience and can warmly recommend this hotel to other travellers as well.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tajabone2003
<Content>OK, but could be better This hotel seemed to me overrated in comparison to many other hotels I have been. For a superior three star I do not expect not to have an iron and a board available for self-service (not in the room, but at least in the building). The answer to my request was that there is a price list in the room. Sure, this means that you may give your shirt or whatever to iron for at least 6 euro per piece during certain hours. How convenient...also, the free minibar is a marketing trick, do not expect normal minibar beverages, the only alcoholic drink being light beer. Also, the room I got was an uncomfortable corner room (maybe this is what internet bookers get). Next time I will use a different hotel in Barcelona.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>pbsDublin
<Content>Just Brilliant Stayed at this hotel for a week at the end of August 2007. What can I say, only that this is a fantastic hotel.The room we had was on the first floor at the back of the hotel. There was absolutely no noise....from outside or other guests. The location was just perfect - it is next to Barcelona Nord Bus Station and 5 minutes walk to Arc de Triomf Metro Station (which will take you right into the city centre within 5 minutes) and 15 minutes max walk to the Sagrada Familia (and the metro station which will take you to the Nou Camp). If you do not fancy shopping in the overpriced and overcrowded shops in the City Centre, then take the metro from Arc to Triomf to a shopping complex 2 stops in the opposite direction from the city centre to a place called Glories - it has everything that the city centre has and appears to be the place that locals go (which is also a good sign). A taxi ride from the city centre to the hotel is around 鈧? (on the nights you do decide to venture into town). Up by the Sagrada Familia is also good for eating and the hotel have a Pizza Menu, which if you a feeling lazy, you can order from. Don't feel that you necessarily have to go into town!!The hotel itself is spotlessly clean, and mini-bar was stocked daily. Hotel room was left spotlessly clean every morning by staff. Reception staff are friendly and helpful at all times, and speak good English (which was great)!!! Air conditioning in the room was brilliant and did not rattle along like other air conditioning systems. If I was lucky enough to visit Spain again I would try one of the Other Confortel Hotels around the Country....If this one was anything to go by then I would be staying in pure luxury!!!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>subbyc
<Content>Great choice in Barcelona Thanks, Tripadvisor, turned out to be a great hotel - we got a very spacious room, it was quiet, well appointed and lived up to all expectations.The staff were welcoming, house-keeping was excellent, the minibar was re-stocked daily and the toiletries provided were almost all you needed....maybe a conditioner with the shampoo would have been good, but that麓s just nitpicking.The location is handy, maybe just a bit too much if you can麓t walk, or don麓t like to, to the major attractions. We found it ideally located since it was quiet at night and made for a good night麓s sleep after the day麓s hectic schedule.Didn麓t eat at the restaurant, so can麓t comment on that, nor did we swim...it麓s a bit tiny to be really called a swimming pool, but we didn麓t come to Barcelona to swim in the hotel pool.All in all, a great place to stay, nicely priced and great value for money.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>steukerb
<Content>design hotel at a very good price I spent 2 nights in Confortel Auditori in Barcelona and found this hotel an amazing good price/performance: modern design hotel with small but confortable rooms, free minibar and internet, small swimming pool on the roof, good breakfast (not sensational but a buffet with a good choice for everyone) (breakfast was included in price) and nice welcoming hotel people - not in the heart of the city but pretty close to all sightseeing spots by walking or closeby metro - I would certainly come back a next time!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Teazel
<Content>Great Hotel! After reading many hotel reviews, we decided to stay at the Confortel Auditor and we were not disappointed. The hotel is in an ideal location for transport links, only 2/3mns walk from the Arc De Triomf Metro Station (use the Naples exit as closer to the hotel the the others) and the Nord Bus Station, good for airport transfers. Even being close to the transport links, the hotel was in a quiet residential street, nice to come back to after a busy day. The room was very comfortable, modern with plasma tv screen and complimentary mini-bar. Free internet access was available in the hotel lobby, aswell as fitness room and small pool on the rooftop. We didn't have breakfast in the hotel, used the bakers across the street, lovely. A 15/20 mns walk takes you to the busy Las Ramblas area. We found it quite nice to walk back to the hotel and leave the buzz of Las Ramblas behind. If you're too tired to walk, use the Metro.Overall, we had a lovely time in Barcelona, staying in a comforable and clean, modern hotel that we would certainly use again.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>glengirlBelfast
<Content>Fantastic hotel! My partner and I have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Confortel Auditori...i can only sing its praises. I found the hotel by doing some online research and then visited Trip Advisor to hear some reviews... i was not disappointed! Location is great, metro station a stone throw from the hotel, providing accessibility to all the major attractions. The hotel is based in a quiet less commercial/tourist area (hence the great value for money). The hotel room was top class with air conditioning, free mini bar and well stocked bathroom. I would also recommend the bakery across the road from the hotel as well as an excellent chinese restaurant a short distance away!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>herts_rick
<Content>even the cab drivers weren't sure when giving the name alone, take an address card and you will have no problems.not one of the hotels even the locals seem to know too much about, they should though, for those who want clean comfortable rooms of a reasonable size, a modern non smoking, hotel with good facilities at a decent price this would be good choice.The hotel is located in a perfect position, ten minutes using the metro from the centre and not much more to the beaches, plenty of little bars and resturants in the local area, maybe not open to the early hours but who wants to sleep in an area where the night life goes on until the sun rises.Noted a few adverse comments on the breakfast in other reviews, there seemed a reasonable choice, more continental than full English but if included in the price more than adaquate.Staff were friendly and helpful, there is a uniformed guard on duty in reception(very friendly guy)all night for those concerned with security.A very good hotel and I would not look elswhere when returning to Barca, if you like to share a drink with the locals rather than fight for elbow room with thousands of other visitors in the centre of town then you won't go wrong by staying here.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Viz66
<Content>Fantastic hotel short stroll from tourist tat area....       Auditori shower  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>paris1949
<Content>A good hotel in BCN Just returned from a 5 night stay at the Auditori with friends. Our room was clean, quiet, comfortable and well equipped. Hotel staff were pleasant and helpful, and the free computer access in the lobby is an added bonus. Our friends tried the 13 Euro buffet breakfast and gave it just a so so rating for the price. There are lots of patisseries and cafe's nearby to try for an inexpensive breakfast. It is about a 10 min. hike to the nearest metro station (Arc de Triomf) and about a 15 min. walk to Placa de Catalunya. All in all we had a great stay and can definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>emccic
<Content>Great Hotel, Close to Metro We recently spent one night at the Confortel and it was great. We arrived early before check in and they were able to hold our bags forus. We stayed for one night after debarking a cruise ship. Taxi to the hotel from the port was around 15 euros. La Sagrada Familia was a 10 minute walk away. Reception staff pointed us in the right direction. Found the staff to be helpful and friendly. They seemed to all speak some English, although we are also Spanish speaking and found it easiest to communicate in Spanish. The metro station was less than a 5 minute walk away. The room was clean, quiet and had great air conditioning. Taxi to the airport cost around 25 euros and took approx. 30 minutes. We were there on a Sunday so most things in the neighborhood of the hotel were closed. But again, it's a quick walk to the metro. Overall a great hotel in a good location. We wouldstay again.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wafto
<Content>Excellent Tourist Hotel We spent 4 nights here last week and can only back up all the other reviews that praised it highly. Modern, clean building, small but well furnished rooms, friendly staff and excellent breakfast. Good location, only 3 minutes walk from the Metro or 25-30 minutes walk to the main square, highly recomended and will stay here when we next come to Barcelona.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>amirp
<Content>Great and surprising hotel We spend the first week in our honeymoon in Barcelona Confortel Auditori Hotel,Really great and surprising hotel , we really enjoyed the Breakfast , the free minibar and the Free internet site in the lobby that was very useful.The Hotel is located 15 min walking from Catalonia square and 2 min from metro station, (if you are looking for night life its better to stay in the Ramblas area or using a taxi that cost 5-10e).  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rossi_05
<Content>Fantastic hotel. spotless throughout, cant wait to go back! We stayed at the Confortel Auditori from the 8th-11th June. There were 10 guys in our party (we were in Barcelona for the Moto GP) and couldnt have been made more welcome. We arrived at midnight on the 8th where we were met by english speaking staff. Check in was a breeze and by 12.30 we were on our way to la ramblas for the first of many drinks.Rooms were kept spotless with fresh towels etc every day.The hotel also provided a free mini bar in the room which included 2 bottles of water, 2 bottles of cocacola, 2 bottles of fruit juice and 2 bottles of beer! This was a godsend after a heavy night.There is free internet/ satelite TV in the beautifully air conditioned lobby with a bar.There is a tiny swimming pool on the roof which was a tight squeeze but a lifesaver after all day at the Circuit De Catalunya in 36 degree heat!!If your stay is longer there is also a fully quiped gym in basement.Overall I cannot speak highly enough for the Auditori, clean, efficent, fantastic staff, great location. I will be visiting again before the end of the year with my wife.Barcelona is also a fantastic city, so much to see and do (we didnt see half of it) I cant wait to return.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mkandfamily
<Content>Good Hotel, Location a bit far We stayed at the hotel for 5 nights during the first week of June, 2007. The hotel is relatively new and modern.It is a bit expensive 139 Euro per night including breakfast.A couple of important tips:1. There are no smoking rooms - ask for one if you do not smoke.2. There are rooms that face the street (very noisy) and there are rooms that face the interior (no view - and quite). 3. The minibar is free it has water and other drinks.4. The pool is a joke - it is as big as a Jacuzzi.5. The fitness center is very basically equipped.6. Breakfast was adequate, a buffet that has no hot food. mainly cold meat, cheese, fruit, pastries, cold cereal etc..7. If you bring a laptop, there is free wireless internet throughout the hotel, but be advised the line is very slow (about 50 Kb/s) analog modem speed.8. Ask the staff to send you beach towels that you can use both on the roof solarium, or if you care to go to the beach (a goof idea!).9. The water pressure and hot water are good, the mirror was cool 鈥?it has a heating element that makes sure that it does not get covered in fog.The room size is typical European - a bit on the small size, but big enough. The bathroom had a peculiar shower stall that while taking a shower there was no way from avoiding soaking the bathroom floor - an obvious design flaw. There is a safety deposit box in the room, but note that it is not connected to the wall - someone can just take the safe away (another design flaw). The receptionists we talked to were polite but not very efficient and didn鈥檛 know English well.Location: It is located near the Arc de Triumf. It is about a 20-25 minute walk from the Sagrada Familia and the Ramblas. The metro is nearby if you prefer to use it.We took the taxi to every location we needed.I recommend this Hotel after saying all the above.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Derohn
<Content>Lovely Hotel The hotel is great! We stayed there for 4 nights and the hotel was exactly as described...The rooms were nice and clean...The location was cool...The subway Arc de Triumf is right around the corner and 2 stops away from Catalunya, where La Rambla is.... Only thing that was weird is that the hotel didnt have wash cloths in the bathroom...Didnt know if that was a european thing or just a hotel thing, but we improvised and used the hand towels! I would recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>marre5
<Content>Loved it even tho... my fellow trip advisors certainly steered me to a great place! Loved decor, clean modern lines, location which was walking distance to Sagrada Familia and the Ramblas, the free internet in the lobby, and very pleasant and helpful staff. But had a number of problems: door difficult to lock and at one point would no longer open without a staff member there; safe didn't work; flood in room above us caused us to have to relocate to another room. Answer to everything was: we'll put you in another room. Well, as one who unpacks everything for a 4 day stay, I wasn't happy about repacking and unpacking and moving. Our friends in a neighboring room had a great time and no complaints.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Sapfo
<Content>great hotel We have just returned from a six-nights stay ay confortel auditori in Barcelona.The hotel is great.The rooms are normal,not very big,not very small.They are extremely quiet.The are very clean also.So is the bathroom.THe min-bar also was an excellent idea after a hard day's walk around Barcelona!We had booked breakfast in the price.It was delightful with a great variety.Very satisfied.Also there are 2 pc with internet all day and night long.About the location,now.Although the hotel is not right in the heart of the Rambla(which is ok because rambla is a little tiring after a few days,there are so many places in barcelona much more interesting)it's an easy 15 minutes walk to there and a 10 minutes walk to Placa Catalunya,where is the heart of the city and the center of every metro and bus station.Also from the hotel its another 15 minutes walk to the Sagrada Familia,in the north side.If you dont like to walk then you can take the metro from the station Arc de Triumph which is a 5-7 minutes walk from the hotel.Also there is a bus station just outside the hotel where you can take bus number 54. Tip: if you want to visit the stadium Camp Nou,take the bus 54,it will leave you just outside.Although i would recommend to everyone to walk all over the city,night and day.There are so many beautiful places around that walking is always pleasant in barcelona.And if you cant walk,at least use the bus.With the metro you loose everything.Another last tip is to visit the Sagrada by night,its amazing,Pay attention,it is lightened until 00:00,then they are off.Overall i would definitely go back to confortel auditori and definitely visit Barcelona again.It is a beautiful place  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>lk2001
<Content>Very good facilities but location not so great We booked three nights (tues - thurs) at the Confortel Auditori via Experia. It was reasonably priced midweek, however there was a steep climb in price for Friday night so we decided to move to a cheaper, more central hotel on Friday. The receptionist was extremely polite and welcoming and spoke excellent English, however the information about breakfast was a little misleading. The receptionist gave the impression we could just wander downstairs without booking. We did, the following morning, and were told that we couldn't have breakfast. So if you do want breakfast remember to book the night before. The room was spotless, modern and the complimentary minibar with Coke, water, juice and beer was restocked daily. The air conditioning was very efficient and cooled the room to a comfortable temp within the hour. The bed was slightly hard, but apart from that the facilities and housekeeping were excellent. Only problem with this hotel is the location. After spending a day rambling around Barcelona, the last thing you want to do is have a mile or so walk back the hotel. With hindsight we should have made better use of the excellent Metro system. There are a couple of restaurants nearby, although you miss the atmosphere of the Ramblas. I would recommend staying in this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amberemma
<Content>A very nice hotel indeed The Confortel Auditori is a very modern, spotlessly clean, beautifully designed hotel with friendly, helpful and efficient staff. I used to work in the travel industry and have seen a lot of hotels and this one really does rate quite highly in my estimation.The breakfast buffet is more than adequate with plenty of choice and unlimited supply of coffee or tea should you want it. It is served in a pleasant area and has a very relaxed atmosphere. Even if I were travelling on my own I would have felt welcome here.This is by far one of the nicest hotels I have stayed at in a long time.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hlm1983
<Content>Great Hotel. Great Location This hotel was great! Everyone was very helpful and the rooms are very modern and clean. The free mini-bar is a fab idea. Although the hotel is not right in the centre, everything is still within walking distance, it is worth walking becasue you get to see so much more. However, if you feel you dont want to walk then the arc de triomph metro station is very close by. The metros are very easy to use and La Rambla is only two stops away from arc de triomph.We got a cheap flight from Ryan Air which took us to Girona Airport, we then got the barcelona bus to the bus station-you can see the hotel from the front of the bus station (just make sure you come out the right door otherwise you wont see it!) Overall, fantastic hotel for the price, very clean and modern. I would definitely recommend this hotel to any looking at it.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>traveldaydream
<Content>No Complaints! I echo the previous review.... Great value, good location, friendly and helpful staff, excellent hotel!!! We have no complaints whatsoever and highly recommend this new, clean hotel...we had a wonderful stay. We walked to ramblas, placa de catalunya, sagrada familia, passeig de gracia, barri gotic, barcelonetta....you get the picture. it's not exactly in the center, but it was definatley walkable to all those places...just wear comfy shoes! If you don't want to walk, the metro is just a couple blocks away near the arc de triomph.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lumatt
<Content>Excellent Hotel Great Value, Great location (can walk to La Rambla or Sagrada Familia in under 10mins, but can take the metro - which is only 2 mins away), great friendly service from staff, super clean, nice decor and free minibar was a great final touch! We will only stay at Confortel Audiori for future trips to Barcelona.Matt  Lucie (London)  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>1969_lee
<Content>Not in the centre, but not too far out and worth the walk! Absolutely no complaints with this hotel at all! Receptionists very helpful, rooms clean and even included free minibar, good facilities and so excellent value for money at the rate we paid -拢65.00 per room per night. Breakfast is an extra 鈧?3.00 (or 拢10.00 odd) and excellent quality. Hotel is location means a either a 15 minute walk or 鈧?.00 taxi ride to the Ramblas, but is quite a way from Port Olympic. Would reccomend a taxi from the airport (cost us 鈧?8.00 each way) and also to take the actual address as the hotel is quite new - they they all seemed to know the address but not the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jonorose
<Content>Great business hotel This hotel is nothing grand or fancy, if you want that go to a Sheraton or a Hyatt or whatever. But if you need a comfortable, clean, modern hotel, in a convenient location and with excellent facilities, this is a trully great hotel.The Confortel Auditori seems to be brand new. It is absolutely spotlessly clean and very very modern. The rooms are a good size - Queen bed, desk, armchair, plenty of room for an open suitcase etc. The bathroom doesn't have a seperate bath and shower, but who cares. The water pressure and shower head are excellent. Its also got one of those mirrors that demists itself - a feature I think sll hotels should implement. The floors are parquet, so no nasty stained carpets.Wireless internet is free, and so is the mini-bar!!! Its got 2 juices, 2 beers, 2 bottles of still water and 2 bottles of sparkling mineral water, and its restocked daily. This is the sort of great feature that will bring back guests again and again. The fitness room is small, but adequate. Its got 2 excercise bikes, a treadmill and a few weights.Location is fine since it is very close to a metro station which gets you anywhere quickly.Breakfast is good. Nothing fancy, but perfectly fine. A few other nice touches - there are small TVs in the breakfast area where you canwatch the morning news while you eat. Great if you're alone on business. Also there are a couple of internet PCs in the lobby, also for free of course.I will definately stay in this hotel again if I am in Barcelona.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>simonttx-milan
<Content>A very good hotel and very nice people       SG Room in Confortel Auditori  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	5	5	5	

<Author>PearlieLupita
<Content>Nice Hotel...Would stay here again We booked this hotel after reading the reviews on tripadvisor.com and were very happy with this hotel. This hotel and its rooms are very clean and modern. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. A girl at the front desk spent several minutes trying to help us pick the best spot for a night out! The free minibar was a great addition! It included soda, water, juice, and beer. Also, they have free internet in the lobby. The hotel is located a bit far from the main Placa Catalunya and La Rambla but if you are willing to use the extremely simple Metro system in Barcelona then you will be perfectly fine. Overall, I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Bennywithoutacause
<Content>Just far enough out Great spot if your like walking - 20 mins into the Born - 20 mins to the Sagrada.Hotel v clean, good value. Few people eat in hotel. If you prefer something different to the delights of the old town then turn right out of the entrance entrance and 30 metres to 2 good local restaurants/cervezerias one a seafood favourite. Shouldn't really share this info. you may spoil it.Best tip from airport take the bus and then the metro the staff at the touch screen ticket machines are really good, the T-10 tickets can be shared - handy tip.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>cher57
<Content>Good hotel We booked our hotel and flight to Barcelona over the net. The flight went to Girona, so we got the bus to the station and you could see the hotel from the entrance, only 2 mins walk. Check in was fine. The hotel looked very new. Our room was on the 4th floor, facing the street, we could open the window and look out. Very nice furnishings, free mini bar, the beer was awful but we enjoyed the water, juice and coke. The bathroom was very nice, the bath was really big to lie in. We walked to the Sagrada , the Ramblas and beach from the hotel and we also used the metro.The 2 ladies on reception were very helpful and kind to us. The internet was free but I do think people should only be allowed say 30 mins and its written in a book, thats a fair way I think. We tried the bakery across the road, had cold pizza and cake, very nice.We would definetely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Boris82
<Content>Have only good things to say about this hotel! Stayed at this hotel back in September for 5 nights and was extremely impressed by it. The hotel is in a really nice quarter of Barcelona and is very centrally situated. It's a pleasant 15-20 minute walk from Plaza de Catalunya, about half an hour's walk from the beach and Port Olympic and the tube station is 2 mins away. The room itself was very nice  clean and the decoration throughout the hotel is very modern. The facilities were good - there's a small gym in the basement and a very small swimming pool on the roof. The pool had closed already when we stayed (it closes at the beginning of September) but it was still nice to sit out on the sunbeds by the pool for an hour in the evening. As we had room only, we only paid for breakfast once - they had a very nice buffet with lots of options. One of the most impressive things about the hotel was the free mini bar. It was stocked up with soft drinks/water/beer (no other alcoholic drinks) every day at no charge and there were fridges all over the hotel with free bottles of water. For the price I paid, I was extremely satisfied with this hotel, although I possibly wouldn't pay the standard hotel rate - It's definitely worth surfing the web to get some good deals!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	-1	5	

<Author>thirtysomethingbloke
<Content>Fantastic Hotel for the Price Pre-booked via ---- at 拢 35 per person per night (bed and breakfast in a twin room), this hotel represented excellent value for money. As requested when booking, we had been given rooms on an upper floor. The Hotel was obviously new and the rooms were very spacious and comfortable. The free safe and minibar were also very welcome, especially as the minibar was topped up daily. The Plasma screen TVs looked cool too, although there was not a great choice of English-speaking channels. We were not in Barcelona to watch TV though!This Hotel proved to be a very good base for a long weekend stay - just outside of the throbbing centre of Barcelona but close enough to walk. The Placa de Catalunya and Sagrada Familia are about a 15-20 min walk away from the hotel and the harbour area was around 20-25 mins walk. The El Prat Airport bus drops passengers off at the Placa de Catalunya so we had lazily decided to take a taxi transfer to the hotel instead, paying 35 EUROS from the airport(but only charged 27 EUROS by a rank taxi on the return journey). The Girona/Ryanair airport bus apparently goes to the Nord station which is probably less than a 2 minute walk from the hotel. There is also a taxi rank at the Nord station.I suppose the walk to/from la Rambla can become a bit of a trek after doing it a few times, but the hotel is in a decent area and we could have taken the metro (less than 5 mins away from the hotel) if we had wanted.We found the staff on reception generally friendly and helpful. A couple of the breakfast staff looked a bit miserable at times but it was busy I suppose. The buffet breakfasts offered a decent and plentiful choice and I'm glad we pre-booked, although the bakery opposite the hotel also looked very good.Overall, this is an excellent hotel if you don't mind a little bit of a walk. I would certainly stay here again and recommend both the hotel and the great city of Barcelona to anyone.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>julieod
<Content>Great hotel with some customer service problems   showReview(6012163, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	2	4	1	1	2	

<Author>shanee-n
<Content>great hotel   showReview(5934501, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	5	

<Author>Gillcaesar
<Content>fantastic hotel   showReview(5828583, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ooddles1
<Content>wonderful affordable hotel       tv  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Huby
<Content>Spot on   showReview(5726414, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Hook85
<Content>Fantastic Hotel - Great Location        The Bed!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>AndyB1999
<Content>A real find....   showReview(5371541, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TKKK
<Content>Recommendable       Bed  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>hideaway in barcelona   showReview(5327345, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vip_to
<Content>Meglio del previsto !!!!   showReview(22340559, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	2	2	3	-1	4	

<Author>rosadei20
<Content>Ottimo rapporto qualit脿/prezzo   showReview(22077020, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo rapporto qualit脿/prezzo...   showReview(22197382, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>elturistajusticiero
<Content>Muy bueno       Confortel - Ducha  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'Hotel 猫 vicinissimo (sono...   showReview(21766880, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Camere un po' troppo...   showReview(21122194, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lolocollomb
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(20926100, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>fonctionnel calmeassez bien situ茅 un peu froid et impersonnel   showReview(20552862, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 猫 stato una scoperta...   showReview(20237615, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'albergo ha un buonissimo...   showReview(19948569, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel confortable mais un peu...   showReview(19948562, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bubble76
<Content>soggiorno ottimo   showReview(19483441, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>stesanao
<Content>complimenti   showReview(19089074, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(18524075, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CosmoCobra
<Content>Buon confort ma si puo' trovare di meglio   showReview(18009542, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	3	-1	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Impeccable   showReview(17429845, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(17429843, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bello, silenzioso e minibar...   showReview(17740097, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel war o.k.   showReview(17429840, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon Hotel   showReview(17429841, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gerne wieder   showReview(17429839, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das Hotel ist sehr gepflegt und...   showReview(17740089, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr empfehlenswert   showReview(16599332, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel tr猫s sympa, conforme aux...   showReview(17115670, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>o.k.   showReview(16599330, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel tr猫s agr茅able mais un peu excentr茅 !   showReview(16599329, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr sch枚n, gerne wieder   showReview(15566628, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Feines Hotel   showReview(15566635, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nagelneu und gute Lage   showReview(15566632, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'y retournerai lors de mon prochain voyage!   showReview(15566634, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top Hotel in zentraler Lage   showReview(15566627, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Modernes Stadt Hotel mit Gratis Minibar   showReview(15566626, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel in guter, ruhiger...   showReview(16728824, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel, j'y retournerai   showReview(15566625, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>retournerons 脿 Barcelone dans cet hotel   showReview(15566624, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Realmente vicinissimo alla...   showReview(16728168, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(14727488, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr zufrieden   showReview(14727487, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel tr猫s agr茅able   showReview(14727486, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Il punto che fa la differenza 猫...   showReview(16724879, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>paquerette3d
<Content>La perfection   showReview(13383093, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vladimirwf
<Content>Perfecto       La habitacion  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>max_it68
<Content>Moderno e pulito       il bagno  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon rapport qualit茅 / Prix   showReview(13200470, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel f眉r vern眉nftigen Preis   showReview(13200469, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SabbiaTraLeDita
<Content>CONFRT...EVOLE   showReview(12629419, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(13200467, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈€鍒濄伅銈裤偗銈枫兗鍒╃敤銇屻亰銈广偣銉?#x201d;   showReview(19166387, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellente prestation gen茅rale en dehors d'un petit d茅jeuner 脿 des prix prohibitifs   showReview(11315473, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>giunchiglia91
<Content>Sorpresa.   showReview(10615280, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ok   showReview(11664072, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel   showReview(11664071, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ausgezeichnet fuer eine St盲dtereise   showReview(11664070, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(11664069, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bel h么tel   showReview(11438306, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>FranciscoMadrid
<Content>Muy moderno y bien ubicado   showReview(7828582, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Confortel Auditori   showReview(11435058, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder!   showReview(11435057, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Sight-seeing Hotel   showReview(11349241, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un buon hotel   showReview(11349240, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon hotel pour le tourisme et les voyages professionnels   showReview(11339604, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

