<Author>LAURANDAVE
<Content>Beach Yay, Food Nay       Natura Beach  
<Date>Jan 10, 2009
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>CFLUmpire
<Content>Not so "Natura"; more "Comerciale"! Kudos: 1) The food was very good in the buffet area. Did not try the a la carte. New Year's Eve dinner was spectacular.2) Generally, the staff was polite and responsive. The front desk was very helpful and friendly.3) The grounds were very pleasantly groomed and maintained by the staff.4) The beach and park north of the resort was beautiful but only for walking and observing...see notes below!5) Animation staff were a blast and the dance shows were top rated.6) Our room was okay in terms of neatness and ammenities, but could have been a bit quieter and cleaner.Brickbats:1) Too many vendors on-site to 'hawk' their wares.2) Too many motorized boats and other water vehicles in the relatively small beach area. It was unsafe to swim or snorkel on the beach north of the resort due to the heavy powerboat traffic.3) The concept of a nature park was lost due to this overbearing commercialization.4) When you go to the Dominican, you expect Brugal Rum...not the cheaper Barcelo Rum served there.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	5	3	3	

<Author>rsw22
<Content>o.k. if its cheap. My family stayed at Natura over Christmas. The grounds are kept very well i almost always saw someone taking care of the resort. The pool is great, a little cool at first but fun once you get used to it. The beach is very close by. The resort is not a great big place so it does not require alot of walking to get from place to place. Good drinks. The food was so so. There was a large selection and I always found something to eat but I did not find any of it that great, atleast at the buffet. The restaurants were pretty good, especially the steak place. The beach grill had a very limited selection, hot dogs and hamburgers and they were not really any good. The staff was o.k. we asked for things and several times they would not return. The bartenders were always quick and friendly. VERY VERY annoying people trying to get you to spend money throughout the resort. This was the biggest thing that bothered me. I was approached several times a day. The room was terrible! It had mold all over the place, the mini fridge was not cold at all, the phone would ring at all hours and there was never anyonre there. The air conditioning worked but not that well. There were ants all over the room. One night we found a geko running around the room. The room was the worst thing about this trip. overall I would give this resort a 2 1/2 out of 5. When the sales people were not bothing you it was relaxing.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>evidently3
<Content>Great value        Room buildings  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>3	4	2	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>jforseth07
<Content>Not the greatest place, but still had a good time! We stayed at Natura Park from Dec 4- 11/08. We paid $1950 for 2 people. All inclusive of course. We have previously been to Puerto Plata, Dominican Republic and Varadero, Cuba. We flew with Air Transat and both flights were uneventful.... this time we paid more for the extra leg room which is a MUST - definitely worth it! I would not recommend Natura Park to anyone if they asked me if they should stay there. We had very good service at the front desk, they were always attentive. The grounds are very beautiful and well taken care of. Lots of ponds, bridges, flamingos, geese, ducks and BATS at night (EWWW) The beach was amazing of course (though there was a lot more seaweed here than any of the other places we've been). The open beach to the left of the resort is very nice - secluded and nice for walking. No problems finding loungers on the beach, by the pool is a bit more difficult. The food was ok - not the greatest but we never went hungry. We mainly ate at the buffet which always had a good variety of food (pasta, stirfry, omelets, etc). The seafood restaurant was horrible - the food was undercooked and they did not even have lobster. We ended up walking out and going to the buffet instead. The steakhouse was really good, no complaints there. We did not try the Italian restaurant but heard the buffet was better. These a la carte restaurants book up fast so get your reservations in as soon as you get there. All of the bars are quite good. It seems that none of the bartenders can make the same drink though - haha - you ask for something and they will each make you a different one! The male bartender at the bar by the steakhouse made a really good strawberry daquiri (he was usually there at 6:30PM until closing). The nightly entertainment was usually very good (Michael Jackson impersonator, karaoke, dancing, etc).The rooms were something else - and not in a good way. The maids did a good job, though sometimes they take your towels at like 8 AM and you do not get fresh ones unitl 4PM..... The room appeared to be ok - a bit outdated but we are used to that from places before. Our room (# 3230 in building 12) had a major wiring problem and even though someone came to fix it twice, we had no bathroom light for 4 days. Plus we found a huge mouse in our room one night, chased it out, and looked around to find that our ceiling air conditioner had a huge nest in it..... we've never had problems like that before. The power went out quite a bit too, usually in the early evening, but did not last too long.We did the tropical storm excursion for $89 USD per person which is going out on a catamaran for the day. You leave around 8AM and return around 4PM. This was a really fun day! You get to go cruising around the ocean and go by a shipwreck just off Bavaro beach, crash through some monster waves (and got soaked!!), go snorkeling in the reef, have lunch, lots of drinks, and go to the natural pool. I would go on this one again, should we ever return to Punta Cana.We also did the monster truck tour for $90 USD per person which we really liked as well. Our tour guide Gregory made this trip a lot of fun! You drive through the countryside (with drinks of course) and stop at a typical Dominican farm where you try fresh fruits and other products, then you go to a cock fight (which I did not watch - poor things), then you stop at a Dominican school (take supplies for the kids). Then stop for lunch at the river (pretty good food). The final stop is at a Haitian voodoo village. This was disappointing as I thought we'd get to see some voodoo, no such luck. You just walk through the little hut and check out the wierd stuff inside. You leave around 7:30AM and get back around 5:30PMWe visited Manati Park when we were there ($15 USD per person.) Totally not worth it. It is like a really crappy zoo and we saw some guy hitting a parrot there who wasn't performing properly in their little entertainment gig .... I'm totally anti-animal cruelty so that was really hard to see. Don't bother visiting the mall ... there are a lot of stores but they are all quite expensive. The shuttle is free from most hotels - it drops you off and then leaves you there for like 2 hours - it will take you about 1/2 hr to walk through the mall and then you'll sit there and wait for the rest. There is a market close to Natura Park. You can find some good stuff but they really try to rip you off. The general rule is when they give you a price drop it down to half of what you are actually wiling to pay and go from there. Most of the time you end up getting a pretty good deal. You do have to walk out of the resort to get to the market and we were a bit wary at first because you have to walk through some new development and there are a lot of onlookers but every went ok - we walked there twice. The shop in the resort is also ok - but more expensive than the markets of course.I don't think I missed anything.... if you have any questions feel free to ask!  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>lunk
<Content>Perfect for us The beach is what one goes to Punta Cana for and this place does not disappoint. The rooms are simple but always clean. We went with our 5 year old son and had a blast. People are friendly. The buffet was all we ate and it was fine. Something for everyone. None of us got sick for the first time ever in all the years we've been travelling to the Caribbean. Bring Cipro to be sure.This is a much smaller hotel system and is very well run. I didn't see it as run down. In Canada, we have much worse hotels and they're not even on a beach! We avoiding the large hotel complexes of Punta Cana in favour of this more approachable size and werre very happy we did.The diving was not so good. The most expensive I've seen and I've been diving a while. The visibility is poor due to the constant wave action and the reef looks worse than Cozumel after the hurricane. Very few healthy coral heads. Currents are strong and the fish diversity is low.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Deanna-Holger
<Content>Natura needs renovation but still charming My husband and I stayed at Natura Park from November19-26, 2008. It was our second trip there, the first was our honeymoon, 5 years ago. Once again, we loved it but the buildings are definitely getting a bit run down. For example, our room on the ground floor was very musty smelling and the mini bar was not working. The grounds are beautiful and it's fun to watch the herons and bats feeding in the ponds.  We thought the staff was great. We know a few words in Spanish and it helps a lot. Take a small dictionary along and practice, it's fun even when your pronunciation is way off. Tips are rewarded with big smiles and often even better service.The food was average and was usually cold. If you want hot fresh food, wait in the short lines for the cook to order stations: eggs, pasta, stir-fry and carving stations. There is so much variety that we always found something we enjoyed. We tried all three ala carte restaurants and thought the seafood was best. Make your reservations asap since they fill up. They were only open on certain nights, possible because the resort wasn't full.The drinks are great and if you like them strong, learn how to ask for them that way in Spanish. They will try to make anything you ask for and each bartender has different specialties. Hola to Daniel in the Bar at the stage! The games and sports are very fun and Roberto and Felix seem to work 20 hours a day to keep everyone entertained. It's a great way to meet people from all over the world so participate!The shows were sometimes contests among the guests, two nights had lip-sinced concerts that were very entertaining with good dancers and costumes, one Domincan night and one Kareoke night. We enjoyed them. Others took taxis to the casinos at night. Some nights you can take the disco tour to other resorts. I heard it was $20 and included a drink. They left between 11:00 and 12:00 and returned at around 4:00. The beach was awesome and we had no trouble finding a chair since it was the off season. You could walk for about a mile before a policeman told you to stay in his sight for security. I would have liked to walk much further. We snorkeled a bit and did find some small coral reefs with fish just to the left of the resort. We took the Bavaro Runners tour and it was great. Our guide, Eros, was awesome and spoke at least 5 languages and never stopped talking the entire day.We learned much about the island and had a really good lunch. The horseback ride was short and very poor. You have the chance to buy cigars, rum, merengue  bachata CDs, jewelry and other souvenirs. It was too windy for going into the water at the beach stop and we were swarmed with boys trying to sell us things.We also took the Saona Island tour and loved that, too but you do spend about 4 hours on a bus so it's a long day. We took snorkeling gear and used it at the island and the starfish area.Some other misc. items: There are safes and hair dryers in the rooms, You can go topless at the beach. Most guests are Canadian and European and very laid back and friendly. Many different languages spoken there. Prostitution is apparently legal.We changed dollars to pesos. 34 pesos for $1. Dollars are accepted everywhere but we got better prices when we paid in pesos.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>declfi42
<Content>We loved it We love the Natura Park . The food was good and the people and service were excellent. The rooms are a little older and the beach has sea grass . They keep it cleaned every morning. There is a park next to it that has miles of undeveloped shore like. Which was awesome for walking.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>EvyMtl
<Content>Relaxation Guaranteed!       beach to the left  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>LoveDominican2008
<Content>Roberto and Felix were alot of fun My wife and I stayed at Natura park the week of Oct 4th to the 11th ...our first time to the Dominican and what a great time we had at Natura....the staff are amazingly friendly, You have to make sure to take part in the little games that Roberto and Felix try to round you up for. The grounds are very beautiful, the Beach is amazing and of course it does not hurt to tip, you will enjoy the extra attention!. When we first arrived we were on the ground floor and in a room with 2 very small twin beds, I went to the front desk and they were very accomidating but said becase we booked with Signature we had to wait until we spoke to our rep the next morning, so we did and we were moved to the second floor, the rooms on the main floor seemed to have a mildew smell to them but the second floor king size was great....a little out dated but who cares that much about the rooms appearence anyway....we are going to take our 2 girls next year! Loved it!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>batman1157GlenRock
<Content>loved the Natura Park Beach       early morning on the beach  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sun_lover035
<Content>Wonderful, relaxing at Blau Natura Park! This is long overdue, but I have been meaning to write my boyfriend and I went to Blau Natura Park last year and we loved it! The openness of the resort is just beautiful, we loved all the natural wildlife around, and the beach is absolutely gorgeous! The rooms were very clean as well. Our special thanks to Willie the waiter he was very friendly and all the hard-working staff at the resort. The only thing I can say that I was disappointed about was that the location is great if you want to just lounge around at the beach or diving etcetera but in terms of touring the area and experiencing local culture there wasn't much there at the time when we went. The daily excursions are pretty expensive. One more thing both my boyfriend and I loved the food! it was awesome! we didn't bother with the a la cartes as we found the buffets so much better. I loved Blau it was an awesome experience.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>The_travelorsBuffalo
<Content>MORE LIKE A 2-1/2 STAR The hotel grounds and the beach were very nice. That is the best we can say. Had to get our room changed (just like half of the other people we met). Not a very friendly staff. All bottom shelf liquor (except when the bartenders were drinking). Open air restaurants with flies, ants and birds taking the food off the buffet tables. Small pool for the amount of rooms. It felt like Ground Hog Day with the food and entertainment.I would not recommend this Resort to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	1	3	

<Author>lachocolate
<Content>Not worth it Rooms: for a 5* hotel the cleanliness was at a very low level. The shower drain was clogged. Although there was a mosquito net, we fought with mosquitoes every night - apparently the room maid left the doors long enough opened so that they could easily come inside. There were also a big variety of other bugs living in our room, a cockroach-family included.Service: half of the bartenders and the waiters in the restaurants were really friendly. The other half of the personnel was arrogant and unmotivated to do their job. Some days before we left, the air conditioner got broken. We complained at least 3 times before they sent us a technician, who needed 3 days (every time he came without any warning) to repair it. At the end he apparently changed it with a new one, which got broken the same night:( Fortunately we left the next day.Food: The same [--], different day! The salads were not fresh, the meat was almost every time burnt and the dessert was full with bugs. The a-la-carte-restaurants weren't much better. Two or three times they cooked for lunch outside, near the beach. The paellas were really good, so don't miss it. If you like wine, you'd better bring some bottles from home. The cocktails taste the one like the other.Pool and Beach: The pool is very small compared to the room capacities of the hotel. If you want a chair at the pool, you have to get up early. The beach is nice, not overcrowded and kept clean every day. If you want to visit a really beautiful Carribean beach, I'll recommend you a trip to the Saona island:)  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	2	3	1	

<Author>birthdaygift
<Content>Perfect Paradise My husband and I enjoyed our relaxing stay at Natura. We were a litte nervous due to the past reviews we read. The weather was perfect. We thought the buffet could of been better . It seemed to be the same food every night. The steak restaurant was our favorite. We had a ribeye that tasted wonderful. The italian restaurant was ok. We did not experience the seafood restaurant..  The staff was very friendly, always willing to help. We did have to leave notes for housekeeping to leave more than 1 water bottle each day.  We took the Saona Island excursion. A must do! It is worth the money. We took a 1 1/2 hour bus ride to a fisherman village to get on the catamaran. The bus trip was interesting, because it took you through the towns. We got to see the culture and how the island people live and work.. The catamaran ride was fun with dancing and rum. Once we reached the island we ate lunch and swam. You could also get a massage on the beach. The palm trees were gorgeous. The palms were huge and touched the ground. The water was very clear and blue. The bottom of the ocean was a little rocky. We took our snorkeling gear, not much sea life in that part. The natural swimming pool, where we took the speed boats to was amazing. The water was like a pool and the bottom was pure white sand and very smooth. GORGEOUS! Have to see to believe. We wished we could of stayed there longer. When we got back to the fisherman village,there were island boys ages 6-12 filling water bottles up from the ocean to rinse of the tourists feet to get the sand of. My husband took some money out to pay the boy and in no time our feet were being drenched with water by many young boys all wanting money. Needless to say, we felt sorry for them and had no more money to pay the tour guide a tip.  The beach at the resort had alot of seaweed that we did not expect. Down the way to the left of the beach the grounds were very trashy. Girls also layed out with not tops on. My husband didn't mind. Ha!  The resort is a layed back kind of place. There needed to be more things to do at night. The shows got old after the first 2 nights. The gift shop was pricy on sunscreen, pack your own.  The landscaping of the resort was kept up and very beautiful. There were always gardners working.  We recommend this resort for anyone who just wants to lay back and relax! Kids would of been bored.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>luissantos
<Content>Nice vacations in Natura The BEACH, it麓s really good, hotter than the pool which is a little slow but it good to swin and have a drink!Second the food increase day after day, in the end it was quiet excellent, the media luna restaurant is pretty awesome, great meat and ambient!The rooms are good but could be a bit bigger, i have stay in bigger, maybe more expensive!In conclusion, it worth every penny! i recommend it!the animation its SUPERB!!!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>WebboUK
<Content>Hmmmm ... We were placed here for one night by the tour operator after our flight home was delayed for 24 hours due to a tropical storm (the resort we'd been staying at for the previous 14 nights was full so we had to move). Reception was chaos with lots of other travellers in the same boat, but the receptionists coped well and got us checked in fairly quickly. The rooms were very basic for a resort purporting to be 5*. Perhaps I'm being a little unfair - they were clean but extremely tired and dated looking, however, especially having been in a brand new modern resort for the previous 2 weeks. However, the grounds were great with loads of palm trees, birds like flamingos and herons, running around the place. The pool is too small for the number of guests. The beach area is very good with plenty of beds, shade, and inclusive watersports. The main public areas like reception, the bar and the restaurants are not air-conditioned and in the tropics this is a problem. Overall, it was fine for an emergency one-night stop, but there are far better, more modern resorts close by.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>bedhead57g
<Content>Spend a couple of more dollars and go elsewhere Stayed for one evening on August 4, 2008. Were at the airport awaiting our return flight to Toronto. It was cancelled and we were placed there until the morning by our tour operator (Signature). It was relatively close to the airport.Hotel to be commended for keeping the buffet open and accomodating a large group of hostile travellers at 11 PM. Best described as a lodge you would see in Northern Canada. Very rustic. Horrible karaoke in the lobby. Room was dark, dingy and very outdated. Small pillows. No towels or remote for the TV. AC didn't work in some rooms according to our group. Better than spending the night in the airport but thankfully we only stayed until 5 AM.After spending one week at the Paradisus Punta Cana this was an unbelievable downgrade. I checked the rates on itravel2000 and this place was only $200 cheaper per person per week. Best analogy would be from staying at the Plaza in NY to a Motel 6.Pay a little more and stay at another resort in the area.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travelinisme
<Content>Beautiful, perfect Island vacation I am a travel agent, that really enjoys the out of the ordinary places to stay. High rises are all over the US, and island vacation needs to be just that. And Natura Park was all that. Low keyed, but so comfortable. Great people to work with and enjoy their company. Great food, entertainment, beautiful beach, Saona Island recommended by front desk staff, it was amazing. No language barrier, but then I don't ever go to other countries and expect them to adapt to my language or my culture, I go to enjoy theirs. Meals were wonderful and plentiful, the grounds were above excellent, the animals and plant life beautiful. The maids made our stay so nice and special, flowers on the beds, the desk staff, Kary, Delbins, Analisa, so helpful with suggestions, and all the Dominican people, a wonderful stay. I've been everywhere in Mexico and the Caribbean, this was to date the most relaxing.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mexico Bob
<Content>Paradise Found! Paradise Found!! For many years we had been going to an European Resort near Tulum, Mexico which was sold a few years ago and closed a couple of years ago. We especially liked that resort because of its 鈥榬ustic鈥?feel and the blend of nationalities and cultures. We鈥檝e been looking for a replacement and finally found it at Natura Park in Punta Cana.It鈥檚 been a few months since we visited and we鈥檝e been looking at some of the comments since we got back and wanted to give you our comments. We鈥檝e been to numerous all inclusive resorts all over the Caribbean, Mexico and as far away as Bora Bora.We had a fantastic vacation at Natura Park. Along with some Americans and Canadians, we met guests from South America, Spain, Tenerife, Italy, France, England and a whole bunch from Russia 鈥?yes, they have a jumbo jet that comes from Moscow each week.Prior to our visit we had read many reviews and we were not sure what to expect but we were pleasantly surprised. The resort is somewhat typical in layout where there is plenty of space. The main building with reception, main restaurant, lobby bar, shops and entertainment is located someway from the beach. At the beach is another restaurant that serves lunch and becomes the seafood specialty restaurant in the evening. There is also a snack bar, beach bar, swim up pool bar and all the sports activities. The rooms are located on each side of the 鈥渃orridor鈥?between the main building and the beach in 2 and 3-story buildings. However, what鈥檚 really unique and charming are the gardens and ponds in this central corridor. The vegetation is truly tropical and there are bridges over the streams and ponds. There is fish and lots of wildlife 鈥?flamingos, geese, ducks, peacocks, etc. They stock the 鈥渇eed boxes鈥?daily with stale bread and it鈥檚 fun to get them eating out of your hands!!We found the food to be excellent and plentiful. The main restaurant is buffet style and serves breakfast, lunch and dinner. There were plenty of meat dishes, fish, vegetarian and a wellness station. And of course, plenty of deserts, fruit and my favorite 鈥?cheese. Their blue cheese was unbelievable. The beach restaurant has a varied selection for lunch and from time to time they have cookouts on the pool patio. Their paella is unbelievable!! There is plenty of selection and you can 鈥渕ix and match鈥?if you can鈥檛 find something you like 鈥?pick something you like from the hot plates and have the pasta chef mix it with marinara sauce over a selection of noodles. Or, have the omelet chef fix you an egg white omelet for breakfast (Andreana is an awesome omelet cook!). We read some of the food critics and wonder why they didn鈥檛 ask someone to fix something they like!! All you need is a little creativity. They have 3 specialty restaurants 鈥?steak, seafood and Italian. We ate at all 3 and the service and food was great. Helped in no small part by plenty of vino!!All the staff was wonderful and most helpful. Bring a handful of dollar bills. It鈥檚 amazing what a couple of dollars here and there will do. We had one waiter, his name was Daris, and we seemed to end up on one of his tables a number of times 鈥?he was unbelievable in his level of service.Our room was nice and the air conditioning was good. The shower was fine with plenty of hot water. Again, a couple of dollars to the room maid and we never wanted for bottles of water and the refrigerator always had plenty of beer!!Now we should not forget the best part 鈥?the beach. Imagine as you look at the ocean, there are a few hotels to your right but they do not spend much time 鈥渨alking the beach鈥? To your left is nothing 鈥?just miles of beach with no buildings because it is an eco park. We love walking the beach morning and afternoon so we could walk for a couple of hours and meet just a handful of people. Yes, there is some seaweed but what can you expect when you are by the ocean. However, their team of beach guys does a great job of clearing it early in the day and they keep it that way throughout the day.All in all a great vacation. We will be back 鈥?that鈥檚 a promise!! Paradise found!!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	3	5	5	

<Author>Natalia1108
<Content>For a little bit more, other hotels in the some area seem to offer better servic Just came back from Blau Natura Park in Punta Cana, stayed there 1 week From July 12, 2008.It is not worth the money. For a little bit more, other hotels in the some area seem to offer better service.There was only one person at front desk to help an entire group (more or less 15 persons) to the rooms.Once in the room, the room wasn鈥檛 ready, and in room we got also aunts everything in a floor.Don鈥檛 bother to ask anything in the reception because they don鈥檛 do it. They don鈥檛 deliver messages; they give you conflicting information, even wake you up at wrong times.  We had to ask 4 times for towels, which took 2 Hours to arrive. Very bad service.On a beach, if you'd like to change a beach towels even at day time - they don't have clean.The space is nice and the beach is very good, but that鈥檚 it. Food is repetitive and very poor. The fruit is extremely ripe and there are birds flying and eating the food. The majority of the hotel employees is nice, but it takes them a lot of time to do what you鈥檝e asked, because most of them does not understand English. And usually you do need to ask them all the time to bring you a drink. Tips does not work there - they don't serve you better.If you seat in the restaurant, they don鈥檛 come and ask you what you need. Of course that not all of them are like this, but generally the services are pretty bad.The dinner time is from 6-30 pm to 10 pm, but they start clean up the restaurant at 9 pm, and don't serve you any more.It was advertised that there is Kids club under supervision, yes , there is, but is closed and not functioning.The aerocondition stops working every day at day time and some time at night time too.And they have no electricity some times and no water. Entertaiment is very fair.In the end, it looks like a 2 star hotel. It is not near a 4 star as they say.We would never stay there again and never recomend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>1	3	3	4	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>chumzy
<Content>Just OK, Service not good here............. Stayed at Natura Park from June 29-July 6, 2008. This was our 4th trip to Punta Cana. There were 4 adults and one child.We booked with Conquest Vacations for the first time, and were quite pleased. We flew with Canjet for the first time, lots of leg room, but no movies or TV, which made the trip of 4 hours seem even longer. I hate to be negative on a resort, but this place was not one of my favorites. Upon arriving at the airport, everyone took one of the nice large buses. We were taken to a small white van. This made me a little nervous. There was only us, and one more couple. The ride to the resort was about 25 minutes.Resort: Grounds were beautiful. There are geese walking around, and the flamingos are beautiful. It felt good walking through the grounds. A goose will chase you sometimes and snip at you. They really are cute though.Beach: Beach was very nice, although there was some seaweed. They would clean up some seaweed and leave some. I found the staff very laid back at this resort, compared to some of the others i've been too. They didn't seem to care too much.The food at the Beach Bar was not too bad, although it was the same menu of food day after day. Always repetative. Be careful of what you put on your plate. On the last day that we left, my husband ate a date bar which was covered with ants. He didn't have his reading glasses on. The whole platter was covered with these small ants. I noticed there was a leaf from a bush that was laying on the plate, and the ants all came down from there onto these sweet bars. I had one from the next plate, which did not have one ant on it. So please be careful and watch out with your food.Buffet Restaurant: The first day at breakfast, we were not impressed. The bananas were black, the presentation of fruit was horrible. It did improve a little as the week went by, with fresh pineapple and passion fruit, our favorite. There is not a large selection of food at all at the buffet restaurant. Luckily, i love Spaghetti, so i ate that almost every day. Sometimes the blackbirds come in as everything is open, and try to snip at some of the food. One day at breakfast, I said, looks like it's going to rain. My little 4 year old niece said she felt water on her hands too. Then i looked up, and there was a blackbird sitting on a wooden shelf up above, eating watermelon while the drippings fell on our arms. At least i was glad to know it was watermelon, and not something else falling.There are no fruit decorations here like you see at some other resorts. Very plain, very little selection. But lacking here the most is the service. They are very dis-organized at the Buffet restaurant. There was always cutlery missing, no cups, no sugar, no milk. We had to get up and get it ourselves. We never complained, were nice about it, but will never return. I could see it happening once or twice, but it was every day, people were nice, but laid back, didn't care. Some of the coffee seemed like last night's coffee. It was so cold. We did tipping at Dinner time, and did get a little bit better service. One thing i noticed while sitting at the Main Bar by the restaurant.They just fast rinse the wine glasses with a j-cloth and water, no soap. I could still see the film on the glasses. They had a small dishwasher, but can't handle the amount of glasses they have.You're better off using a plastic disposable glass.Rooms: The rooms were nice, air conditioning worked well,showers were good in our room. Our relatives in the next room did have problems. Their toilet didn't work well, hardly flushed.We called the front desk 3 times on 3 different days. The kept saying, I send someone. Lucky we had our room that they can use. By the fourth attempt, they sent a service guy up at about midnight. He took a look at the toilet, and didn't improve much with it. He said the building was old, and not much more could be done. So we were almost back at square one.The maids don't do those pretty decorations with the towels there. They will just put a flower or two in your room.Near the end of our stay, we decided we were going to take the free shuttle that takes you to Palma Real Mall, about half an hour away. You'll be sorry if you go there. Everything is so expensive. Some of the simple dresses i picked up to look at were somewhere in the range of $520 and $800 U.S. Coming back was a real problem, as the van was always full of people (Bus number 41). The drive said he would be back at 3:30 to pick us up, he never returned. It cost us 20 dollars U.S. to take a taxi. We did complain to the front desk about this. He said that this bus had nothing to do with the resort. Then they should not advertise it in their brochure. Getting there is ok, every 2 hours. Be prepared to take a taxi back, and the taxi drivers don't budge, 20 dollars or nothing.Pool: Very nice, with a swim-up bar. We really loved the pool.There is a waterfall that you have to run through to get to the bar.There is also a bar above the pool area which is nice to sit at.A La Carte: We will never forget the Italian Restaurant. They went to serve us our White Wine, and my relative looked at it and said it was water. The waiter was embarrassed, as we now realized that they half fill the bottles with water, and half wine. If you notice, the bottles are never opened in front of you, they always come out already opened. He then returned with a new bottle, opened of course. The food was just ok there.The steak house restaurant was not the greatest. We found the steak a little tough there. After dinner, we asked for an Expresso or Cappucino, they said the machines were broken.The Seafood Restaurant wasn't too bad. Food was ok there.Entertainment: The dancing performers were great. I did not see a Michael Jackson show there at all. They had Mr. Natura night and Miss Natura night, where they pick someone from the audience to do different odd things and they pick a winner.If you're going to a resort for good food, this is not the place for you. I have been to the Majestic Colonial (the Best so far),as well as the Grand Flamenco and Grand Oasis. I paid over 1300 dollars Cdn. for this resort per person, not worth the money. Way overpriced for the service they provide.Sorry to be negative, but i would not recommend this resort to my friends or family, nor would i ever return there. There is muchbetter out there, and lots of other great places to choose from.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>KissyS
<Content>Fantastic holiday at natura park We stayed at natura park resort for a week and it was really fantastic. I really do not understand the people who write bad reviews about this resort.The resort is very beautifull and everything is clean. The people are very friendly and always happy.The beach was super. There were more then enought chairs and most of the time we managed to find a place with a little bit of shadow. The ocean was great, there was a reef right in front of the resort where you could snorkel and see a large variety of fish. We went snorkeling every day and we enjoyed it every time. The resort has a beautifull garden with some wildlife. There were tropical birds everywhere. A lot of ponts with bridges and trees and tropical flowers, even flamingos.They offered a very wide variety of food. In the morning there were 10 different kinds of fruitjuices, smoothies, milk, different sorts of tea, coffee...you name it...you could have it. There were different kinds of cheese, eggs prepared in every possible way, saucises, panncakes, croissants, maybe 20 types of bread, fresh fruit, cornflakes, muesli, bacon, different sorts of vegetables, tortillas.....everything you can imagine for breakfast....you could have it.In the evening it was the same.....there was an italian buffet every day, there was showcooking every day, a large dessert buffet, fresh fruits, fish, meat, vegetarian food, even a special wellness buffet. The food was prepared very well and we did not get sick of it one day.The room was very big, with two big beds, a big terrace with furniture, AC, a fan, even a dressing with plenty of space even to store your suitcases. The bathroom was with a seperate toilet, a bath with a very good shower with enough pressure and nice warm water. There ware tissues, a make up mirror.....and is was clean.There was a bit of moisture at the ceiling....caused by the AC but besides that the room was perfect.The first day we had a problem with the safe, the key did not fit....but we called front desk and half an hour later everything was solved and the rest of our vacation was without any troubles.The only point that I could say that was not perfect was the fact that when we arrived we received our key and we had to search for our room for ourselves. I would have preferred that someone had showed us the room. But for the rest everything was just perfect.You could drink all day at several bars, even cocktails. There were some bugs in the room the first night, but if you complain about that.....you should not go on vacation to a tropical place. I had a spray with me, problem solved.Anyway...I can only recommend this resort.I would go back any time.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>alexandra123
<Content>not worth it It is not worth the money. For a little bit more, other hotels in the some area seem to offer better service.We arrived quite late. There was only one person to help an entire group (more or less 15 persons) to the rooms.Once in the room, the lighting switch felt in the floor, the room wasn鈥檛 ready, had a terrible, terrible smell. I was chocked. I asked for another room, and it was given to me. Don鈥檛 border to ask anything in the reception because they don鈥檛 do it. They don鈥檛 deliver messages; they give you conflicting information, even wake you up at wrong times. In the last day, after checkout, you can have a shower and get ready for the flight. That is very nice. The only problem with that is that I had to ask 4 times for towels, which took 25 minutes to arrive. Very bad service.The space is nice, but that鈥檚 it. Food is repetitive and not very good. The fruit is extremely ripe and there are birds flying and eating the food. The majority of the hotel employees is nice, but it takes them a lot of time to do what you鈥檝e asked. And usually you do need to ask them all the time to bring you a drink. If you seat in the restaurant, they don鈥檛 come and ask you what you need. Of course that not all of them are like this, but generally the services are pretty bad.In the end, it looks like a 3 star hotel. It is not near a 5 star as they say. Grab your money, pay a little bit more and stay in another hotel in the area. I would never stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	1	3	3	

<Author>angelize47
<Content>Dream Vacation that was more of a Nightmare...... We had booked the Grand Oasis Punta Cana through Expedia based on the wonderful reviews and were sent without any prior notice to Natura Park Beach Resort down the road without any beforehand knowledge of any problems. I can only compare the lodging here like a Boy Scout Camp. Very dark and dingy and the room was very small, furniture was very outdated and could not get the room to an acceptable temperature with a ceiling fan that didn't work and a service desk that did nothing when you reported a problem. Our dream vacation turned out to be a nightmare. The food was awful and the service was not good either. Would never return!!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AmberMcD
<Content>To Go or Not To Go Resort- Okay, but dated. Grounds- Beautiful and cleanWeather- Beautiful minus one rainy day.Rooms- Dated, decently cleaned (sometimes not swept well)Food- Large selection, but a bit different. Hot buffet style food was around 8 hot trays (plus the pasta corner). Sometimes a hot tray would be full of just cauliflower or eggplant. No spices, just hot and boiled in water. Odd varieties of food. Most food was alright, however, staying at other 4 and 5 star resorts in the Dominican, the food quality here was just not nearly as good. (travelled with my boyfriend to natura park and by the second week our stomachs were a mess, stayed away from all meat and dairy our second week)Pool- Nice, not croweded. Nice area surrounding the pool if you can get a chair.Beach- Nice, light sand, the water is clear with a small amount of seaweed. However, bit of seaweed around me and managed to get stung by a jellyfish first day there (this is very painful, painkillers will help). Don't know how common this is at this resort.Activities- Game area indoors is Ping Pong, Chess, Connect Four and Pool ($ for Pool). Outdoor daily activities are waterpolo, beach volleyball, pool volleyball, archery, aerobics, bingo, and some small stag  doe party type games.Overall, I found this resort was reasonably priced.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	5	3	3	

<Author>aroman77
<Content>Great spot for a vacation We were to Natura Park from June 14 to June 21. We are 2 couples with 2 kids each.Flight with Sunwing was very good. We use Sunwing for the first time and we鈥檒l use it in the future too. Got to the resort ~12:30. Had to wait for rooms until 3pm. No problem here. You can start drinking from 12:31. People at the front desk a bit too arrogant but who cares? If everything goes well with the room, you only see them twice briefly. We came here to relax and have fun and that鈥檚 what we did for the whole week.The 2 rooms we got (1248 and 1249 in building III) were decent size with 2 beds each and a couch, good size balcony, a/c was working excellent, fridge was not working but I didn鈥檛 care for that. We don鈥檛 like surprises so we always come prepared: we got a can of bug spray and 2 cans of 鈥渄eed鈥? As soon as we got in the room I sprayed the room especially around front door and balcony door then around beds. Not that we saw any bugs but for the peace of mind. Every evening before leaving the rooms, we got all of us sprayed with 鈥渄eed鈥?Food was better than expected: eggs in the morning and 5-6 types of cheese and other cold-cuts, beans, coffee, tea, milk, etc. lunch: either main area or near the beach. In the main area there is more diversified food but near the beach, food tasted better. We tried all 3 a-la-carte restaurants: don鈥檛 bother with Italian, stake house was good but we had to wait 90 minutes for our food. The best was sea food restaurant. Good service and excellent food. We all enjoyed that evening. Resort: It鈥檚 like a miniature botanical garden with quite a few species of trees and birds. We really like this resort. It鈥檚 clean and neat anywhere you look. Weather: A lot of rain on Saturday the whole day and night until Sunday morning. Then sunny all the way until next Saturday when we left.Evening shows (for adults) are good. The shows for kids are non-existent. Michael Jackson show was excellent. Overall, it鈥檚 a very good resort, we had a great time and we鈥檒l be back here.We have been in about 12 trips in the last 10 years and this resort was one of the best.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>cruz4me
<Content>Tropical Paradise Dispite all of the bad reviews, I found Natura Park to be much better than the reviews. Compared to other Punta Cana hotel in the same price range, Natura Park cannot be beat! Dinning was first class, but service was slow. The food was the best out of other all-inclusive resorts. I loved all of the birds on property and the lush landscaping. Natura Park's smaller size was also refeshing because it was quiet and I never got tired of walking all around. The rooms are basic, but compared to the Catalonia Bavaro, this resort had hot water and excellent water pressure. The rooms were very clean and maid service was much better here.  The pool and pool bar is very nice and the beach could not be any better for swiming or sunbathing. There were always plenty of beach chairs open around the pool and the beach.  Overall, I had an excellent time and will certainly be returning!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CarrollCounty
<Content>Not A Good Experience! We arrived at Natura Park @ 12.30 PM on;y to find our rooms were not ready.We did not get into our rooms until 5PM. My opinion is has follows:,the beach was great ,weather was perfect, the food was ok. Most of the staff were very nice,front desk was much to be desired. The room on the other hand was a nightmare.The pictures of the room are not what they appear to be.There was no air conditioning ,our TV didn't work,called front desk for service aleast 4 times for towel's  water  to fix the TV .I was always told they would send someone , but no one ever showed up. On our departure the TV was still not fixed (2DAYS)when they said they would send someone to fix it. If I was to return it would not be at Natura PARK. My family and I were on vacation to relax and enjoy our time together which we did during the day,but at night returning to our rooms was very upsetting. In my opinion this was not a relaxing vacation. Time  money not spent very well.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	1	4	1	

<Author>initmoon
<Content>Thank God I Got Home !!!!!       mould and scum in bathroom  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>paulie05
<Content>loved it       just down the beach from the resort  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>quist
<Content>Beautiful Grounds       Pool  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Deb-Montreal
<Content>Hospitalized for three days I should know that you get what you pay for. I went to Natura Parc for what should have been a 7 day vacation from May 25 - June 1st. The total cost including airfare, accommodation, food, taxes etc. was only $890pp from Montreal. We got what we paid for, I suppose.We ended up going to the hospital to get medication for ear infections (both of us!) on the day we were supposed to leave and were hospitalized for three days and told not to fly until that weekend. The hospitalization may have colored our view of the entire stay. It seems that the hospital hospitalizes everyone who shows up for three days. It's hard not to think it's a scam - $360/night for the hospital room, $250 for each consultation with the doctor while you're there plus all the medications - $2300 for two nights and three days.On a positive note, the ground are beautiful - pink flamingos, geese, a peacock, lots of palm trees and a beautiful white sandy beach. Everything else was horrible.The rooms are small and old. Nothing works and everything is dirty. The mini bar in the room had one bottle of water, two beers and a half empty bottle of coke. Trying to convince someone to replentish it was impossible. When we arrived, I called the front desk to ask for a bottle opener (one of the few times they answered the phone). They asked me if I wanted the spa - I said no I wanted a bottle opener. After finally communicating successfully, they told me that there was no bottle opener since most of their guest brought their own! No offer to send room service with one. I later found two in the room - one on the bathroom wall (how elegant!) and one attached to the inside of the minibar.The main problem is the attitude. All of the staff seem to be unhappy, overworked and unwilling to help. We were convinced it was because the the manager at the front desk who seems to go out of his way to be difficult. My family tried to reach me several times when there was simply no answer at the front desk. The guest relations desk was a joke. The poor woman had no interest whatsoever in assisting in any way. We tipped everyone in site but it made absolutely no difference. Don't even THINK about going to the spa. I had a massage and the massage therapist actually answered the phone in the middle of the massage and continued massaging me with one hand. The manicures and pedicures are unhygenic - not to mention ugly. If you book a hair appointment, you get a wash in cold water and no blow dry!Kudos to the few staff who brightened our stay - Anthony in the pool bar (but he'd only been there a few months and didn't know how miserable to be yet) and Alberto who is the scuba instructor and was amazing. There were a few other attentive staff but with overtones of sexual harassment - definitely not a comfortable place for a woman to be without a man.I've traveled to many places and think I make a fair effort to take into account the differences in each country and had relatively low expectations due to the price but I honestly couldn't recommend this place to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	2	

<Author>xtine1980
<Content>very nice experience       ahhhh  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bevv
<Content>Would NEVER stay at Natura Park again. My boyfriend and I returned on May 25, 2008 from a week trip to Natura Park. It was an Apple Vacation Square Deal where you don't know where you're staying til you get to the airport. Instead of a square deal, we got a raw deal.As stated in other reviews, the air conditioning in the room was virtually non existent. Calls and visits to the front desk resulted in nothing. A couple of maintenance guys did show up one day, but the room was still warm. The beer and soda in the mini fridge were barely cool. The hair dryer was antiquated and held together with black electrical tape. Whenever someone in the room above ours took a shower, it leaked from our ceiling into the bathtub.The food was pretty much the same old fare served every day; nothing exciting. There were no themed buffet dinners, ex. French, Italian, Mexican night as in other resorts we've stayed in. Although there was one Dominican night and that was okay.At breakfast, birds would fly into the buffet area and pick at the food. Guests would shoo them away. The wait staff seem unconcerned...but they didn't have to eat off of the buffet. At check in we were handed an envelope that contained a room key, a safe key, an informational sheet on the resort and 2 towel cards. So we read up on the resort on our own. No one ever explained how the resort was laid out, what type of specialty restaurants there were, where they were located, any activities or services offered at the resort, etc. Had this been our first vacation of this type, we wouldn't have known what the towel cards were for.Plus, the resort is laid out in a series of two- and three-story buildings. But the room numbers do correspond with the building numbers. Fortunately a bellhop showed us to our room otherwise we would have had trouble locating it.There was only one, relatively small pool, although the water temperature was great and comfortable for swimming. But, we're used to resorts with at least two to three pools, so this was a letdown.On the plus side, housekeeping was good. Our room was always cleaned, and towels and toiletries were replaced daily. (Except that washcloths were hard to come by.)The beach was also great and the water was perfect for swimming, kayaking, paddle boating. etc. Fortunately the weather was perfect too, which made the trip more bearable.But the bottom line is, it was the worst resort we've stayed in and the first time ever that we counted down the days before we got to go home. No kidding. I couldn't recommend it to anyone. Except maybe to someone on a limited budget seeking some sun. But then again, we've found some super deals to much nicer resorts in Cancun and the Riveria Maya for less than the cost of this trip.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>livluvlaftravel
<Content>Stay somewhere better I went to Natura Park for 5 days with one of my girlfriends. From the moment we stepped foot on the resort, we were unhappy with its older than expected appearance. It was one of the most affordable places to stay when we were researching vacations, however the pictures portrayed a much newer resort. Despite our initial dislike, we remained optimistic . . . until we got to our room. The room was hot because the air conditioning was not working properly. Despite the fact that we had turned it on, it took hours to become a little bit cooler. In addition, the room smelled of sour beer because the refrigerator was also not working properly. Some of the furniture in the room was falling apart, which further indicated the age of the resort. The bathroom door didn't offer much privacy. Thankfully, the water in the shower was actually hot and the pressure was good, which was just about the only thing that went right the day of our arrival. We called the front desk three times regarding the AC and the refrigerator. Despite being reassured that someone would fix it, no one ever showed up. Exasperated, we left for supper. The food was not very good either. Despite a vast array of food, much of the vegetables were not ripe (we ate green tomatoes for 5 days), the seafood was questionable and often smelled as though it were not fresh or fully cooked for that matter. The desserts, though very aesthetically pleasing, had no taste and were not worth eating for the most part. We tried switching to another resort, as I have stayed in the area once before and did not have such a horrible experience, but most places were unfortunately booked or way out of our price range. They did however switch us to a different room, whic proved to be slightly better than the first. Therefore we were left to brave the rest of the 5 days. The beach was okay . . . not very big and a moderate amount of seaweed. The alcohol selection was poor - all local beverages. The wine served at dinner was some of the worst I've tasted. And to add to all of this, the male help were often times inappropriate with my friend and I. I would NOT recommend this resort to anyone except perhaps for poor college kids on spring break who could not afford better.Please spend a little extra and stay at a nicer resort. This resort is way overrated for its price  amenities.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	3	3	3	2	2	

<Author>janeking
<Content>swollen face ok here goes...have anyone ever got a reaction of some sort while staying at this hotel? i went and after they fixed my a/c i got a swollen face,it was so swollen even my eye was swollen shut...just wondering if anyone has had a similar experience...took lots of pics to show my doctor back home and he said it was a serious infection under my skin ...,my whole face went numb and so swollen i looked like an elephant face...  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SunSearcher40
<Content>Worst Place I've Ever Been! I recently returned from a week at the Blau Natura Park Eco Resort and Spa and was very disappointed to say the least. I live in Vancouver and booked my trip through Flight Centre. I booked this as a single person. I found when I got off the plane I was the only person going to the Blau Natura Park, which was interesting. It seemed that other people knew something I didn't. A lone bus came and picked me up. The guy driving didn't speak English. We went over a bumpy road to get to the hotel and when we arrived it was difficult to get any attention since I was a lone female without a male with me. I quickly found out their society is very male-dominated and I really had to try that much harder to get things like my air-conditioning fixed or get the electricity working in my room, etc. Anyway, I got a ground-level room even though I booked a top floor room because I was told the Sunquest guests only get the ground floor rooms. They don't tell you that in the brochure. Do not ask for anything at this hotel, because you won't get it. I made several requests throughout the week, ie. a bottle of cold water, towels, a doctor to come see me for a visit, etc. and none of my requests were ever fulfilled. You are on your own at this place. You just have to fend for yourself and learn to be self-sufficient and not ask for anything.FOODFirst, the food was repetitive. There were similar selections of cabbage around the buffets, or potatoes or something else. I didn't find too much variation. I have been on other trips to Puerto Vallarta with wonderful food at half the cost. They just don't put their energy into making great food here. Most everything was either shredded or cubed. You have to find your own cutlery, glasses and napkins, too if you arrive after someone's used the table before you. I got quite used to just coming in and assembling the table myself first before going and getting any food. I lost weight during this vacation.HOTEL ROOMThe hotel rooms are quite hard to find at first because everything is hidden behind palm trees and there are dark, low-lit pathways between them. My electricity went out one night and I called the front desk to get someone to come and turn it on but nobody came. I had to call 3 more times and it took about an hour before anybody arrived. I left a tip for room service every day, but found the room very inconsistent. Sometimes I had towels, sometimes I did not. Sometimes the bed was made, sometimes it was not. They also hassled me about leaving my bag in my room the day of check-out. They wanted me to pay to have it sitting in there for 4 hours, even though they could have certainly made up the room anyway. They said I was told to be out by 12 on arrival, but I am certain they did not tell me that. The Sunquest tour rep Brigitte was not there the entire week.SERVICEBe prepared, nobody speaks English here. If you go alone, you will definitely feel lonely. The tourists are 90% German or French. You hear them talking, but don't hear anybody speaking English. I finally found somebody from Newfoundland to take my picture. It was interesting because she had friends who came from Atlantic Canada, too. They all paid less than half the price I paid. I figured that was why nobody comes from B.C. but any Canadians you find there are all from Atlantic Canada and they keep to themselves. The service personnel will not answer you unless you talk to them in their language. I learned a few words in Mexico which I used here. The service staff did not seem happy. Also, they seemed kind of overworked because I saw the same people doing many different jobs around the property. Be careful not to accept glasses at the beach bars, they are not cleaned and I got food poisoning the first day I was there because of this. The man who told me changed hotels immediately, as did another two friends that he told. I stayed, however, but kept away from the water and the glasses while I was there. I tried tipping, but this didn't make any difference to the service you got while at the bars or restaurants. BEACHI liked the beach, but since I couldn't talk to anyone I found it to be quite lonely. I really envied people who could speak to their friends or mates, but I wasn't French, German or Spanish so I just read my book. Make sure you get a spot early by putting down your towel on the chair. Sometimes this doesn't work, though as I had my chair and towel used by someone once, even though it was a different colour than the hotel towels and I brought it from home. There are games during the day or dancing classes. If you want to book the water sports you have to go straight to the counter at the beach and book days in advance. Snorkelling was not good anywhere at this site. I paid the deposit of $20 cash and went out two different times, but didn't see anything substantial. I am a snorkeller and wouldn't recommend this site for snorkelling to anyone, so if you're after snorkelling, please don't waste your time.OVERALL IMPRESSIONMy overall impression was great disappointment. They call this place an eco-resort and even advertised a wellness buffet on the list of perks but I found it difficult to see how this fit the description of an eco-friendly resort. The food was not governed by wellness principles and it all seems to me a scam just to get people to come. Don't waste your money! The wildlife on the premises was nice, but that was all! The food is gross, the air conditioning is disappointing and good luck getting any towels! I would not recommend this hotel to anyone and I've been around the world. Please don't sink your money into this complex! Don't say I didn't warn you!  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	3	1	1	1	

<Author>whatajoy
<Content>Annoying Salesmen Returned from Punta Cana after a week of fun, enjoyment and many laughters that will be cherished until the next trip. The staff in the bars, dining areas, restaurants are wonderful, friendly hard working people. The grounds are very pretty and classic with the flamingos, the peacock and other birds.The only downfall is the constant nagging of the guys that try to sell you trips or events that are expensive. They start first thing in the morning houndiing you along the sidewalk and continue while you are trying to relax on the beach. It is the same at night time when the hotel takes in vendors to sell things. The vendors are very pushy and demanding which turns you off completely. The hotel should have an activity center where you can sign up for whatever event you prefer at a price that is constant. Depending on which slaeman you deal with will result in a different price.I still would go back to Natura Park as it is small enough where you don't have to stand forever in the buffet lines or at the beach bar. All the restaurants have a great atmosphere and if you never been to this part of the world, you will enjoy yourself but be ready to face the what I call salemen.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>ImagineNation
<Content>Excellent! Can't wait to go back My wife and I just got back from a week at Natura Park, and I wish the week could have gone on forever!I don't understand some of the negative reviews on this site, the resort is AMAZING!The grounds are absolutely beautiful, every walk to the beach or restaurant is like a stroll through a lush Caribbean garden. The animals are all great, and yes - the some of the geese are a little cranky, but they're just noisy. We passed a lot of time watching the fish in the ponds, and the storks and flamingoes.Our room was spacious and very clean. We had a room on the top floor, and the vaulted ceiling made it seem huge. The air conditioning was perfect - we could have had the room as cool as we wanted. Throughout our stay, we always had plenty of bottled water available, and the in-room coffee was excellent.The buffet is just fine - although after a week, the same selections begin to be monotonous, but that would be true anywhere. The quality of the food was excellent. The only a la carte restaurant we tried was the seafood restaurant. It was good, nothing really special but good nonetheless. We found it was difficult to get reservations, so if you are interested in the a la carte restaurants, I would advise you to book early.The beach is probably the best thing about this resort - the beach is wide, with lots of room for swimming or sunbathing. The water is clear and the sand is soft and white. With the nature preserve right next door, it is possible to walk about 4KM return without seeing another resort. It became a morning ritual for us - nothing but the sound of the wind in the palm trees and the waves, and a few fellow walkers.The 'nightlife' is okay, but it doesn't really seem to be the focus of this resort. This was perfect for us, because we were looking for more of a relaxing and peaceful vacation. The shows each night were pretty entertaining, but the fact that this isn't a 'party' resort meant that there weren't a lot of rowdy college students around. If that's what you're looking for, this probably isn't the place for you.There are lots of available activities on the beach - we used the masks and snorkels, the pedal-boats, and the kayaks, and had a great time. We were going to use the catamaran as well, but ran out of time. There didn't seem to be a problem getting time with the equipment, except on the weekend when the resort was very busy with locals.We did two excursions, both of which I highly recommend. The Caribbean Festival includes swimming with sharks, and holding stingrays (the barbs removed, of course), snorkeling along a coral reef with lots of fish, and a Caribbean-themed dance act and party on the boat. It's a half day for U$55pp. The Monster Truck Safari is a full day for U$95pp, and worth every penny. The safari takes you into the beautiful rolling hills around Higuey, where you meet many locals, see working farms, sugarcane plantations, and have lunch by a beautiful river. Our guide (Gregory) was AWESOME! He made the day so much fun, and is very knowledgeable about the history.The best part of our stay at Natura Park was the staff. With only VERY few exceptions, 99% of the staff here are very friendly, helpful, and they all seem like they LOVE their jobs. They're happy and playful, and love joking around with guests. We did our best to speak with them in the little bit of Spanish we know, but they were all very able to help us in English as well.There's only one small thing that I would point out as a concern: the childrens' playground was overrun with bees or wasps. We didn't have a child with us, but if we had, it wouldn't have been possible for them to play there. Hopefully they can find out what is attracting them and get rid of them.I will be recommending this resort to all of my friends, and I wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone looking for a wonderful, peaceful vacation.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>warringer
<Content>Nice Vacation!       More grounds  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>kolibribird
<Content>Very nice!       We and catamaran's crue  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>hellykins
<Content>AWSOME TIME AT NATURA PARK My sister and I just came back from Natura Park, Punta cana , on the 20th. We had the most amazing time!!!! I have been to the DR six times and i have to say this was the best resort I have ever stayed at!! The horticulture was amazing, we loved the pink flamingoes ,and ducks etc roaming the grounds. I must say i was concearned when i read the reviews and the negitive comments about the hotel and beach, but honestly they must be pretty miserable, not to appreciate such a spectacular resort!!! The food was awsome, we enjoyed the Italian restaurant the best, but the steak was amazing also, we loved breakfast, the fruit smoothies were my favorate as well as the made to order omilettes We did not care so much about i.. And the fresh friut juices were just superb, pineapple, mango, watermelon. Sometimes the service was a little slow, so we just got up and got our own coffee and whatever we needed. But they tried there best, and not everything is perfect, all the time. it is a different culture, and sometimes I think we need to be a bit more tolerent of there ways. They were always smiling and singing and they are just so beautiful, and there smiles are just stunning!!! The beach was absolutely spectactular, and a little seaweed is perfectly normal I mean afterall you are at a beach, i grew up in P. E .I . I know sea weed!!! Ha It was just fine and they had men there all day raking the sea weed. My sister and I would walk up the beach and just were so grateful to be in such a great place, it was so beautiful, you just have to pinch yourself!! Our room was ok. We had some issues with the air conditioner, did not work the greatest, and our fridge did not work at all., The beds were a little hard, but the bathroom was great, we had a really good shower, good water pressure. They also had everyrhing well stocked, always beer inthe fridge and pop, two big jugs of water everyday and also pop. We were not overly concearned with this as we did not spend a lot of time in the room anyway, since the beach was our fav spot. We went on two excurtions, horseback riding one day, which I thought was ok, my sister not so thrilled. We also went to Santo Domingo which was really interesting but grueling 3 and half hour bus ride. Ok going down but very long on the way home, hour vaca rep said we would be back at 7 pm, we did not get back until 8:45. We still enjoyed it emencly, loved the old city, and shopping the square. Great time to meet other tourists from other resorts . I would recommend this resort to anyone and most definatly come back again.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>chinacat13
<Content>Loved Natura Park       Pedro  Chad  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>olivecat15
<Content>The most horrible vacation in my life! Punta Cana - Natura Park Beach - EcoResort  Spa. Terrible experience.April, 2008To all future travellers: Please, do NOT even consider to stay at this resort, at least you intentionally want to ruin your vacation time...Service is awfull, rooms is dirty (towels will be changed every other day... if you live a tips). Dinires is dirty, waitresses are nasty.Tables at buffet never were set s in order. You have to go and check for forks or spoons, cups or coffee and etc.Beach is dirty with a lot of see grass around. At the moment of my stay my cell phone was stolen almost infront of my face from the desk at my room. NO investigations had been done.There are no aircondition at the restourants and bars.The rate for this resort supposed to be changed from 4* to 1-2*.Please, use your common sense and do not go there.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Las_Chica
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic.       Grounds  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>CrystalandMike
<Content>Absolutley AMAZING! We have just returned from Natura Park on April 20th. It was our first time in the Caribbean and we had an amazing time! We have read some reviews about the resort and were kind of ify, but we thought we would take a chance seeing as how the price was unbeatable! We had no problem checking into the hotel. Everything went very smooth! The employees were all so nice and very helpful! Everyone had a huge smile on thier face and always greated you with a big HOLA! and a high five! The food was ok, definalty not anything like what we have here in Canada. We pretty much lived off of hotdogs the whole week. We did find a few things at the breakfast and supper buffets that we liked. The Steak House a-la-carte was ok. The only thing we ate there was the steak. The chicken wings...not so good, and the cold cut platter...haha...not so good. We went on a few excursions. Parasailing was so much fun! We also went Scuba-dooing! Haha, that was a blast! We were feeding fish right out of our hands! We went the the Animal Adventure Park where I went swimming with the Sea Lions! That was an experience! It was so much fun! We had our pictures taken with monkeys, all kinds of tropical birds, and a boa...which I didnt like too much...Then we went on a dune buggy trip. We got to see alot of how the Dominican people really live. We took candy with us to give to the children. And they really appreciate it! While on the buggy trip, we stopped at Macao Beach, the only public beach in the area. It was beautiful! The surf was intense! Then we stopped at an underground cave where you could go swmming. We didnt swim as it was still water, but there were some locals swimming. The cave was amazing!Another day we went to Captain Cook's Restaurant. The seafoodwas really good, but we were told that we would only be there for 3 hours. We left our resort at 12:00 noon, it was a 30 minute boat ride to the restaurant and once there, we were harrassed by a bunch of vendors wanting us to buy everything! We were told to wait on the beach at 3:00 for our boat to take us back to the resort. An hour and a half later we were still standing there. There were alot of Captain Cook boats...just no captain's! So it took someone to complain in order for us to get back by taxi. That was the only time we were disappointed, but you know what they say, one dominican minute is equal to one hour! And it is so true! Everyone is so laid back and carefree!The rest of our time there, we spent on the beach and in the pool. The beach was beautiful. There was a lot of seaweed early in the morning but they constantly had men racking it up throughout the day. Nothing to really complain about! We spent alot of time at the bar over the pool. Our favorite bar tender, Jorge, worked there. he was a sweetheart! Always happy! And everywhere you go, you always hear... I LOVE MY JOB! and I can tell you, that they absolutly do! The entertainment staff have so much fun doing what they do! And they love to see vacationers make a fool of themselves! haha, great times!We were talking with some people who have travelled all over the Caribbean and she said we would have high expectations for any resort after we have been to Natura Park. She said the grounds are amazing compared to other chain resorts. Natura Park looks like they took the buildings and placed them in the middle of the jungle! It is so beautiful!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>trailerparkboys
<Content>Money well spent We booked an all inclusive week at the Natura Park Eco Resort with some doubt as we have had some not so good experiences in the past at other resorts.The price seemed too good to be true but we couldn't pass it up. We did some research about the resort including this website and had mixed feelings about we read but decided to try it anyway, what the hell, it was cheap enough.We arrived at the resort around 10:00 pm on March 30th and were very impressed with the reception that we received. We were into our room within a half hour with drinks at hand. We had requested a room with a king size bed but to our disapointment, we ended up with 2 double beds. So, we went back to the front desk to see if this could be changed. They were quite full that night but said for us to go back in the morning and they would see if they could accomadate us. By 2 pm the following afternoon, we were in our new room with a king size bed and that was the worst part of our whole trip.The food was good (I'm not so fussy but my wife is a bit more selective and she was very impressed with all the selections they had) specially the pasta counter. The service was exceptional and deserved to be complimented specially Rapha毛l at the bar above the pool bar, Anthony at the La Perla Restaurant for the lunch buffet and Sandro/Jos茅 at the Mirgenta Bar along with everyone else on the resort...........too many names to mention them all or to remember.The entertainment was a mixture of professional and audience participation shows, some nights were better than others. The professional shows were really well orchastrated and very well performed.The weather was 70/30 but on the so so days, we went for a walk (about 20 minutes) to the local market which was very challenging (who doesn't like a challenge every once in a while), it was fun bartering for the best price.The beaches were very beautiful with their turquoise water and white sands. The water was warm almost like bath water and the scenery was good too. You could walk for miles and miles all day long if you wanted. There was a bit of seaweed but there was someone raking it up every morning. There was lots to do, kayaking, peddle boats, wind surfing, snorkeling and last but not least, you could drink all you wanted anywhere, anytime.The resort itself was very clean and very well maintained. The vegetation was beautiful with lots of different greenery. It also had different types of birds roaming free (pink flamingos, ducks, geese and other species). They even provided the bread to feed the fish, birds and turtles which made for a relaxing morning.One night, we even walked down to the Casino at the next resort and, much to our surprise, we actually made a little bit of money ($24.00 American dollars). It was worth the 10 minute walk.All in all, after being to a resort in Mexico that was rated a 4 1/2 star and a lot more expensive (which we wouldn't recommend to anyone that we know), our vacation to Natura Park Eco was very satisfying. We are looking forward to going back with friends.PS: We met a lot of people from Canada whom we'll never forget.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TristanOttawa
<Content>Incredible!! We just returned from our wonderful experience at Natura Park Beach resort. Prior to our departure we read the reviews on this site which were not very flattering! I cannot stress enough how great our vacation was. This is a resort, with ducks, wild birds, turtles and a sense of the tropical jungle (all manicured, of course). Our room was very nice, the bed comfortable and location very well suited for a quiet, but exciting vacation. What we liked to most were the people (staff) were absolutely great, their positive attitude, smiles and their interest to make your stay a pleasant one, was very impressive.The food was very good. Out of the three a la carte restaurants, we liked the steak house the best, they served excellent steaks!If you are looking for a place to relax, take it all in and a place where people are real people and not an articifical atmosphere where you are served hand in foot, then this is the place for you!This is one of the best resorts I have had the pleasure to experience and believe me I travelled extensively!Merci, Sylvie (Ottawa)  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>trishb0902
<Content>Natura Park - don't believe all you read before trying this hotel We just returned from Natura Park April 11-18.We are still trying to figure out the comments on the seaweed. The beach was raked twice a day - and the water had little seaweed.Chairs were not a problem -- and we saw no one removing towels.The food was fine - I mean come on - you aren't in the states but in the dominican - of course the food will be different.Grounds are beautiful and the beach was wonderful. Lots of ducks and pink flamingos and they just walk around like they own the place -- and I guess actually they do.Spa was wonderful - you need to try it.Do the ATV outing - two hours on the ATV and what a thrill.Minor negatives - the refrigerator could have been a colder but it was okay. An exhaust fan in the bathroom would have been nice.Could have had blenders at the bars - frozen drinks were not available. Shows were okay.We didn't know about the steps leading from the lobby to the bar/restaurant. When we checked in our bags were carried but not so when we checked out. A little tough lugging the bags up 20 steps. One person at the airport when we were leaving referred to the resort as a hell hole Come on - you are on vacation - the sun is beaming - the water is blue - and you don't have to cook any of your meals. Glad that I can appreciate the value of life.One more thing - French are ignorant and obnoxious. Not a whole lot of folks from the USA - some from Canada and very friendly. Would we stay again - absolutely.If you go, enjoy your trip. You won't be disappointed.Trish B.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>marezec
<Content>Overall Pleasant Visit       Beach scene  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>RedRiderOntario
<Content>Great Quiet Resort My Wife and I travelled to Punta Cana the last week of March 2008. The weather was fabulous execpt for the day that we left. The resort was fantastic, we are tall people and found our first room with 2 beds to be too small for us, it was now after 11:00 at night and the person at the front desk asked us to make due for the night as the resort was full, but he would have a room with a king size bed the next day. They moved our luggage and swapped keys, we took the stuff from our safe and transfered it. Great room awsome view. The gardens are beautiful and calming. The buffet food was excellent with always fresh food, and a large variety. We enjoyed 2 of the 3 alacarte restaraunts, and found the Itailian one to be boring. This is a great resort if you are looking for a relaxing vacation, we did one 1/2 day excursion called Outback Safari. We highly reccommend this tour as it gave a great view of the way the people of Dominicain Republic live outside of the tourist areas. The guide and driver were fantastic. There seemed to be many more cabanas on the beach at Natura Park than any of the other resorts near by. We are very fair skinned people so we appreciated being able to have our own cabana every day. The beach is breath taking with white sand (not nearly as hot as sand coloured sand) that we experienced on our excursion. There was quite a lot of seaweed that washed up every day, but the grounds crew was out continuously raking it up. The staff were extremely friendly and very helpful, if the person did not understand what you where asking they found someone that could immediately.We highly reccommend this resort, and would certainly plan another vacation at this resort.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ttrraavvlleerr
<Content>Amazing time at the Natura Park resort! -Well, my family and I just got back from the Natura Park in the Dominican Republic and we found it very beautiful! The grounds were very well kept and the wild life was great. - The rooms are very nicely done and the maids are very out going. If you have a problem in your room you can call the front desk or go down to talk to them in person. But be patient, it seems the hotel staff are more fluent in French then they are English.- The service at the eateries are a little slow....but heck your on a vacation! No need to hurry. We tried the Seafood and Stakehouse eateries and they were absolutly fabulous! The service in those two were exceptional. But be sure to book a couple of days ahead if you want to eat in them because they fill up quickly.- YOu can find huge conch shells. Just walk 30-40 min down the strech of beach to where no resorts are. Don;t worry it is safe, there is security all along there. The kids had a lot of fun, and the pool was oh so refreshing when you went in. There is a little patern to the night shows that play. One night it is a little more goofy like Mr/Mrs Natura park and sometimes the shows are fabulous like M Jackson show or the Dominican night show.All in all this resort was very nice,clean and funIf you want to get a palapa or chairs by the pool, you have to get up around 6 30ish that way you have the most selection I would deffinatly go back for a second time.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>The_Badger77
<Content>Nice but Stayed here March 15th-22nd, the resort was great the staff, rooms, pool, food and the grounds were better that average.It you could not find something that you like to eat you have issues. Food is heated from beneath, they could use same heat lamps from above to keep the food a little warmer.There is a staffing problem, they need to employ more staff, the bars and waitresses. Some people find it hard to pickup after themselves, so around the pool area they need more staff to cleanup after some people.The staff is very freindly and helpful, yes at times they are somewhat hard to understand, but this is a third world country and you better understand a little Spanish and English.The only other thing that I can say it that alot of the tourist are very rude and they think that everyone owes them something. I don't think that I need to say anymore, you can figure it out from here.A great place except for some of the other tourist.Hopefully they can publish this one.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>chelsea0302
<Content>was completely amazing!!! would go back in a heartbeat!       beautiful beach  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	4	5	3	

<Author>SuzzyLiverpool
<Content>Not a relaxing or peaceful resort       bedroom  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>bikemaster
<Content>Last minute deal a limited success!       After the storm on March 18  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>fluddie
<Content>what you should expect for 4 star D.R This resort is exactly what you should expect for 4 star in the D.R. I have stayed in a few different places in the Carribean from Mexico Cuba and the D.R. Trust me it wasnt that bad. There are a few things that were not what most would want but if you want an economical place to stay, this is probably the place to be. I stayed 5 star in Cuba which was much worse than this. Its small and tranquil. The beach is incredible.The rooms are small but how much time do you spend there. Many will have problems with the lack of variety in the food.You will get board with the food after a couple of days, but you shouldnt go hungry. You can break this up with a few a la carts. I reccomend the steakhouse The beach grill is good, so is the buffet down at the beach. Alcohol is all low end brands but are drinkable. As far as getting sick as I said this is my 5th time to the Carribean and havent been sick yet. Most of the reasons that people get ill here is by way of habit. Eating too much is a big one, how often does one have the opportunity to stuff themselves full of a wide variety of different food as many times a day as they want and drink their guts out at the same time, no wonder they get sick. Pace yourself your body is not used to many of these habits. Not washing there hands, using the tap water for brushing teeth. I always carry alcohol hand wash for after using the washrooms or after touching areas that many people are around etc.Use the bottled water for your teeth. Stay away from mayo based salad dressings and cold meats. Keep an open mind and just enjoy the weather after all you are in a country where the sun will bake you inside of a half hour.Use sun screen often. I reccomend spf 30+ if you have fair skin. Drink lots of water. Ask for extra in you room.Drink the two they give you regardless of how much else you drink, every day. Heat exhaustion and dehydration are another big cause of illness,they often present as poisoning Enjoy the weather, enjoy the people around you.Open your mind and your heart will follow.I welcome your email if you have any questions.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>mkruchten
<Content>Excellent value Just arrived back from a week at Natura. We had an excellent experience. The grounds are beautiful. The ponds with many types of birds (flamingos, etc) was a nice touch, especially travelling with a 3 year old.The food was fine. For the price of the resort, it is exactly what I would expect. Buffet food was good, but repetitious. The italian and steak restaurants were good. Seafood was fine, nothing special. None of us got remotely sick from the food.The staff was helpful and cheerful. We never found a problem with waiting for drinks at any of the bars (including swimming pool and beach bars).The beach is beautiful. Unfortunately the last half of the week, there was a storm in the area and therefore the waves were large and brought a large amount of seaweed onto the beach. The staff worked hard at clearing it.In summary, it was excellent value.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>lnrrlr
<Content>Honest Review from and Honest Person We were at Natura Park from March 15 - 22 - 2008. On arriving at the resort it took us minutes to check in. We headed for our room and right behind us came our luggage. Our room was excellent, clean and smelling very fresh with fresh flowers throughout. Everything in the room was as it should be in any 4 star resort, had no problems with anything, the AC worked great.Room maid was very accomadating as far as providing us with extra coffee, cream, sugar. Mini bar was fully stocked everyday without request, and our room was clean and fresh daily. And yes you can have everything in the mini bar No Extra Charges.Food: Being there for 8-days we were able to make reservations at 3 of the restaurants, Seafood, Steak, Pasta. Reservations were quick and easy. Food and service at these restaurants were excellent, could not ask for better service or food.Buffet: If you could't find something you liked it was your own falt.There were different meals every day and night, and the foods were very good.Grounds: We found the grounds to be exceptional, maintained daily. The workers were always busy keeping the ground very well groomed,Pool: Nice size, very clean. You do need to arrive early around 8:30 in order to get a lounge chair.Beach: Very clean, yea some seeweed but cleaned up immediately by workers.Lounges  Entertainment: Found to be very interactive with the crowd, people were having a great time with it. Constant service at your table to bring you drinks.Excursions: Plenty to pick from, we did Reef Explorer and Zip-Lines. Had a blast at both, from the bus ride there to the bus ride back to the resort. Talked to others that did other excursions and they all had a wonderful day.Public Bathroom in resort: Spotless, fresh flowers, all shining marble, beautiful.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>infrequent
<Content>Natura Park Diarrhea Resort  Natura Park Diarrhea Resort  SpaI don鈥檛 know if Trip Advisor will publish my review because of its length or frankness, but I assure all readers that it is honest and unembellished. I travelled March 9-16 as part of a group of 10 and we were meeting six others at the Natura Park who arrived the day before: 12 adults and four teenagers altogether.Firstly, ignore 90 % of all the previous negative reviews because this resort is physically clean and beautiful, the beach is great, the staff is attentive and friendly, and the food is varied, plentiful and delicious. If anything, the view of the ocean from the beach consists of floating shacks on the horizon and boats buzzing dangerously back and forth (preventing any swimming beyond the marked swimming zones).Our flight out of Toronto was successively delayed by WestJet from 10:20 am to as late as 2:30 pm. I spoke with a CSR who told me our delay was not weather related (mechanical?). Suddenly at about 11:20 am, the website showed the flight had unbelievably been moved up an hour and a half to 1:00 pm and we were still at home with just over 90 minutes to departure! Fortunately, our ride was there and we live close to Pearson, so we did make our flight, but this was disconcerting.The flight was good and we sailed quickly through Dominican customs, etc. arriving at the Natura Park in good spirits only to find that the resort was overbooked and that our group of 10 plus another family of four would have to check in at the nearby Grand Oasis and come back to the Natura Park the next day. Even though the Oasis is a 5 star resort, we didn鈥檛 get our rooms until quite late and had to check out by noon the next day; no real time to unpack, settle in and enjoy 鈥? stars鈥? By the time we got our luggage delivered to our rooms at the Natura Park, it was about 24 hours later than it would have been had things gone according to plan, so we essentially lost an entire day of our short one-week vacation.My wife, myself and our two teenage boys did end up with a nice suite with two adjoining rooms and two bathrooms, which served us well. We had booked one room for the four of us, but I am not sure the resort had anything that could accommodate this. The bathroom toilets had wooden-slat false ceilings, which covered up wall openings to the next suite鈥檚 toilet. This was a problem because neither us nor our neighbors could so much as break wind without the other knowing all too clearly. Our kid鈥檚 bathroom seemed to draw in foul cigarette smoke from their neighbor鈥檚 suite in just this way. It was bad enough that the louvered bathroom and toilet doors provided no privacy in our own suite.Members of our group participated, when they were able, in activities including swimming with dolphins, kayaking, golfing, snorkeling and a shopping trip to Higuay. I personally enjoyed golfing three times which was booked through the Guest Services desk in the lobby. We chose the cheapest package, at the Catalonia Caribe Golf Club, which cost 100 USD (3400 Pesos) and included hotel transfers, range balls, 18 hole green fee and cart. The course was decent, well maintained and not far away. Other golf packages could be had for as much as 370 USD at more auspicious courses. We also enjoyed the one hour snorkel trip (yes, the same as noted above, but later in the week) for about 10-15 USD per person. The people who travelled one hour by bus to Higuay said they were creeped out, ending up in a slum area, accosted by intimidating locals trying to sell their wares (or rob them). Higuay was not recommended.The big problem that we faced was that of gastroenteritis. Fourteen of our group of sixteen experienced diarrhea, vomiting, nausea, headache and general achiness. A few people had relatively mild symptoms, while most of the others, including my wife and son, were quite sick and unable to leave their rooms anywhere from one day to three days; missing dinners, activities and generally wasting hard-earned vacation dollars. Once able to escape the toilet, they still felt ill with a loss of appetite, lethargy, etc. It just sucks to feel that way anywhere, but especially on vacation, and we are really annoyed! We all went through a lot of Immodium, which provided minimal relief. The onset of this sickness occurred at various times during our stay. I, myself, succumbed to this souvenir of Natura Park shortly after arriving home this evening and I am writing this account in between painful cramps and trips to the toilet where I have been expelling what feels to me like battery acid. I should be sleeping in preparation for a busy return to work, but I cannot sleep. I have always purchased Immodium before our travels, but this is the first time I have ever had to use it. Thank goodness I still have some left over.After careful introspection, we could not conclude the origin of this illness. I think it may possibly be related to poor training and hygiene amongst the food handlers. Therefore, I cannot warn the reader to stay away from the ice or the lettuce or the juice or whatever, but perhaps the best advice would be to stay away from this resort and/or from Punta Cana. Most of my group are seasoned travelers with experience in places like Cuba and Mexico. We are not reckless or na茂ve, but we have never had to deal with anything like this and I doubt that any of us will go back to Punta Cana. One of our party spoke with a manager on our last day to express her concerns. The manager, who was very polite and understanding, said he also experiences gastrointestinal upset after returning from occasional trips to Spain and he considers this to be a normal and natural event. I fear this attitude may be endemic at the Natura Park and such denial will ensure this problem will never go away until perhaps the tourists themselves go away.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>Denisebain
<Content>Great Time!       Beautiful grounds  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	5	

<Author>lovetosnorkle45
<Content>A very enjoyable week at the Natura!       The entrance to the Natura Resort  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>ob1deb2
<Content>Appalling We stayed March 1, 2008 through March 7, 2008 and it was my 25th wedding anniversary. I was uncomfortable with going after some of the things I read, but my group convinced me to give it a try. EVERYONE in our group of 10 got sick within a couple of days. A couple of them were really ill. The food was so bad that quite a few people were sick at the resort at the same time we were there. The public bathrooms were a mess, from well you can guess. The food was used over and over again and it did not taste good. The grounds were beautiful but that only goes so far. Some of the help were pretty nice and tried to be accomodating but some were out and out hostile. We found out while we were there that the resort was actually on probation with our travel company because of food and service and people being sick. I wish we knew ahead of time that information. There were so many things that went bad I could write all day. It really comes down to you get what you pay for. I will never get my 25th wedding anniversary back. I would never recomend anyone for any reason go to this resort.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>madisonlani
<Content>We had a wonderful time. My husband and I stayed at Natura Park from 3/7 to 3/12. We were very nervous after reading all the negative reviews on trip advisor and started second guessing our choice. However, we had an absolute wonderful time. We had absolutely no problems checking in and our room was ready as soon as we got there. It was clean and everything was in working order. The shower had some cracked tiles but again that didn't matter to us as long as the shower worked and the water was warm. The grounds were absolutely beautiful. We have heard complaints about the seaweed and our response to this is, yes, there is alot of seaweed that washes up on shore BUT their are workers working their butts off going back and forth with wheel barrows cleaning it up and why people comment on this when it's completely out of the hotels control and all about nature is beyond me. As far as the food is concerned, it was good, we never had a problem finding something to eat. Again, when you mass produce food like this everyday it will sometimes be not hot enough, or the same as the day before but that comes with the territory at an all inclusive. We only ate at the ala carte steak restaurant and it was good. The service was great. We never had to look for any of our silverware, like we read on this site, it was always on the table. We found that everyone that worked at the hotel were very friendly and also found that if you try speaking a little spanish (thank you, please) that they were very receptive. We were advised to tip a dollar or two while we were there and at first I was against this being at an all inclusive but we ended up doing it and I was glad that we did. They are very grateful! The bartenders work very hard and long hours, we were constant visitors to the bar by the pool and Iris was VERY good to my husband whenever he came to get drinks, tipping went along way!!Now for the chair situation. We were always up and ready for the pool or beach by 7:30 and we never had a problem finding chairs. The pool wasn't an issue and as far as the beach is concerned, people do save chairs and they are usually the ones with the huts that are saved. It's frustrating but b/c we were always down there so early it wasn't ever a problem. If you like to sleep in and plan to get to the beach and pool at 11am, be prepared to have a hard time getting chairs.The shows were good but to be honest, we were only able to stay up for two of them b/c we were so tired and in bed by 10:00 each night. The only suggestion I have for the hotel is to change the games at the pool so your not doing the same ones ever day and to play some newer music as well.We met great people the whole time we were there and such a relaxing time. We would go back again and would also reccommend it to others. But, if you aren't laid back and are extremely picky and want everything to be perfect then this isn't the place for you. Just remember, you are on an island and everything is on a relaxed slower pace.Have a great time when you visit!!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Benoit1967
<Content>WOW - We would go back anytime. WOW... My wife and I have just returned from Blau Natura Park in Punta Cana and had a great time. We arrived on Feb 28 and left Mar 6.You will read many reviews on this website and others regarding Natura Park. I had rwead some reviews that were not so favorable but we decided to try it anyway. We sare very glad we have.LocationIt is located right on the beach. The beach is very beautiful with other resorts on the right and absolutely nothing on the left. There is a fair amount of sea weeds that wash ashore and employees are doing their best to remove it. It natural, its not garbage so it did not bother that much. The rooms are located in numerous 2-3 storey buildings that are throughout the grounds and linked by path and bridges that cross water features that are well stocked with fishes. There are even boxes with bread in them to feed the fishes which is a nice touch. There are also numerous birds such as ducks, geeses, pink flamingo, etc.RoomThe room we had was OK but not spectacular. It was very clean, the air conditioning unit worked awesome and it was refurbished daily. No complaints at all with the room and no issues to report either.PoolThe pool is nice and not too big. It perfectly fine with us since the ocean is only a few steps away. There is a swim up bar but in our opinion, it closes too early at around 5:30pm.ChairsThere are lots of chairs but if you want a good spot and chairs with shades, you need to be there before 8:30am.FoodYou will read in other reviews that the food is not the best blah, blah, blah... If you can't find food you like, there is something wrong... And it's not with the buffet... Lots of choices although a little repeateous. We defibately did not go hungry.The three A la Carte restaurants offered excellent meals.La Perla (seafood) was excellent but the service was very poor. Our reservation was for 8:15pm. The steakhouse offered very ggod food as well and the service was fast, a little too fast in fact but keep in mind that our reservation was for 9:15pm. The service at La Gondola was Great and the best of the three and the meal was also excellent.PeoplePeople are very friendly and always willing to help especially when you treat them with respect and treat them with a smile as well...Would we go back? Absolutely.Would we recommend this resort to our friends? Absolutely.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pa_Phoneman
<Content>3rd Time and Last We stayed 2 other times ,services has gone done ,not enoughworkers ,there were no servers at the beach bar or the club at night . We had roaches in our room , the hotel gave us a can to sprayour room with.Many people got sick from the food , including usWhen the upstairs guest took a shower it dripped into our bathtub  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	4	2	3	

<Author>Poconobarb
<Content>We don't understand the negative reviews! We traveled to this resort March 1 鈥?March 8. Unfortunately, the timing of our flight through USA 3000 had us checking into the hotel at 9:00 p.m. The check-in for us was relatively painless (although we were two couples traveling together, they had us in different buildings, but once we told them of this, they had us moved quite close together). We needed to rush to get some dinner, but other than losing all of Saturday as a travel day, things were smooth. Apple really does keep things organized. Our goal during this vacation was to recharge our batteries. We are all rather 鈥渓ow maintenance鈥?folks, so were not expecting to be waited on hand and foot. We were terribly concerned after reading sooooooo many negative reviews and we were looking to be disappointed with some things at the resort. Let me say outright 鈥?Nearly everything negative posted by so many travelers turned out to be non-issues. We were pleased with the service, and yes, we did tip a bit (not extravagantly) and were rewarded with what appeared genuine smiles and wonderful service. I could go on and on in an attempt to rebut every negative issue posted, but suffice it to say, we not only would go back, but are already in the process of making our return arrangements for this fall.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Loubell12
<Content>Nice resort beautiful grounds       covered bridges  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	5	3	3	

<Author>Tractorman69
<Content>Nice Place - Bad Food I'll be brief. We stayed March 1 thru the 8th, 2008.The rooms were OK. The beach was good. My wife and I love to walk. So the park to the north was a great get-away from the crowd. However, I cannot understand why there was so much trash on the park beach. The locals are impoverished. Why can't the local mega million dollar resorts pay a few local TEENAGERS, $50 / week to pick up the trash? If you need a chair, most will be taken up by the early risers. The staff were friendly, but they are very understaffed (or over booked). I felt sorry for the poor bartends at the pool Tiki-Bar. They worked 14 hour days by themselves, trying to care for hundreds of guests. No help, sometimes a long line to get a drink, no table service. If they get any break, they clean off the messy tables. God save them.The food..... We both got sick. Lots of food, but after a few days, we resorted to potatoes, toast, and bottled softdrinks.The Drinks....... Beer Drinkers...before you go, pick up a six pack of Presidente. If you can drink it, you'll be fine. We did not care for it at the quantities we would have liked. The mixed drinks were not-so-good. We walked up to the next resort to the north each day, a 3 mile hike, and ate lunch. They (Barcelo) had much better food.overall, punta cana was a good learning experience. We would go back, but to another resort. Like Barcelo.love you all.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>bellevegasBABY
<Content>Mixed Feelings!!! I recently stayed at the Natura Park, it was an ok holiday. The hotel grounds were beautiful, the beach was nice, the pool was nice . The hotel staff were friendly service was good at the buffets , and pool side I did not have to wait for service, mai service was good room was clean, I tipped each day and no problems. There were small ants in the bath room sink area. We did have problems with A/C for 3 days had to go twice to guest services to get someone to fix it also found that while A/C was off a problem with mosquitoes !!!Lots of bites!!! We loved all the wildlife lots of birds this really made the resort special!!! The entertainment was ok loved the nites that the dancers came in toperform the costumes were beautiful took lots of pictures. The pool side entertainment was fun , enjoyed most days would like more modern music to listen to while at the pool and beach. One thing Inoted I travellled with my daughter and her friend , thishotel is not the best for young adults not much night life suited to this age group the girls made some good friends however but I think this hotel is not known for nite life sometimes they found it boreing , so they were disappionted Well I enjoyed our time there the food was hit and miss but we had our favorites the pasta at the poolside the ice cream .I had an omelete every morning ,Andrea is the best a smile and a song each morning she made my morning really!!! Tony at the snack Bar best server a really nice guy!!! I do have one concern as a mom I did not like that one day my daugther and her friend were invited off the resort by two staff members this made me upset, and I would watch young teenage girls as this is not a safe practice nothing happened but I didnt understand why they needed to go off the hotel beach area?Over all I enjoyed my holiday some small issues . I travelled with sunquest service was good, but one complaint we left T.O late sat got in early sunday so we did not use hotel services at all on Sat and then we had to check out early on Sat , had to leave our luggage out in the reception area,not secure!! I fet short changed would have been nice to keep our room until 5 pm especially since we did not get to use the room on the first day I will never travel with that time line again I felt short changed So beware when booking to aviod this!!!I hope this review is helpful I would return to this hotel ,but especilly if a got a good deal or sell off rate.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>xpocdude
<Content>Nice Resort/Bad Everything Else       Beach  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	2	2	3	

<Author>GrayHair2008
<Content>Gorgeous Natura Park       Natura Park  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>travLR123
<Content>Relaxing Vacation in the Sun We are a couple in our mid 30's and we stayed at Natura Park in February 2008. If you are expecting to be waited on hand and foot, then this is not the place for you, but if you are just looking for a place to chill out and relax, you'll have a great time. The resort is beautiful. The beach is large, and although it was crowded we never had trouble finding beach chairs when we wanted them. I only went in the pool once as it was a bit cold. The ocean was nice though!We were initially assigned a room with double beds but we asked to be switched to a room with a king bed and they switched us a day later. Our maid did a great job keeping our room clean and she left lots of towels and facecloths. There are quite a few TV channels, including many English language ones. Our room had a small balcony. Many of the items in the minibar come at a steep price; we avoided those but when we checked out they still tried to charge us for something we didn't drink. The desk clerk resolved the problem quickly though.The buffet is fine - there is lots of variety and although the buffet closes for a couple hours between meals, there are snacks available all day at the beach. The buffet offers omlettes and smoothies at breakfast, custom pasta dishes at lunch, and lots of salads and healthy choices. There are several bars, with good drinks, both alcoholic and nonalcoholic. We sometimes had to wait a few minutes for drinks at the bar but generally the servers were friendly and we noticed that they seemed to work very long hours. We didn't enjoy the food at the specialty restaurants (we thought the buffet was better), although they are worth it for the ambiance.The evening entertainment is average, but the performers are enthusiastic and most of the people seemed to enjoy it. We took one trip off the resort (the half day Outback Safari) but we didn't enjoy it as much as we thought we would. A lot of the time was taken up driving around to other resorts picking up the other passengers; the actual tour portion of the day was quite short. I had a massage at the resort's spa but I wouldn't recommend it.We went to a travel clinic before our trip and got the anti-malarial medication and immunizations we needed. We avoided tap water and we had no health problems at all. There were a few mosquitos; we used repellant in the evening and weren't bothered by them.All in all, we had a great week. We didn't pay a lot for our vacation and we think we got good value. If you are looking to be pampered you should probably go elsewhere but if you just want to put your feet up on a beach for a few days, this resort is great.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>kimmer_85
<Content>average resort My boyfriend and I stayed at the Natura Feb 18-25th. We got a very good deal on our trip and felt we got what we paid for. The resort was average. The room was average (although very clean). The beach was great, especially if you walk to the left of the resort. I didn't notice a seaweed problem at all (as was mentioned in many other reviews). The birds were not a problem and added to the atmosphere. Many of the staff did not speak English. Service was awful at the buffets, we tried tipping a lot the first few days but it didn't seem to make a difference. The food was ok, very bland. It's best to go eat right when they open as lots of the meats and cheeses sit around and become very unappetizing. The al a cartes were good. The steakhouse was excellent. Be warned at the Italian place that they put tuna on their house green salad! The entertainment was good some nights, awful others. No nightlife, the latest bar closes at 1. We enjoyed our trip and would return to the Dominican, although probably not this resort....nothing was really wrong with it, it's just nice to have better service when your on vacation. I would NOT recommend this resort to anyone who is not travelling as a family or couple. There were very few singles there (one bachelor party) and they had to leave the resort for nightlife. They didn't seem to be enjoying themselves much.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	2	2	

<Author>luvt0travel14
<Content>Would Never Recommend to anyone We Traveled to Punta Cana via Apple vacations. We thought the pictures of the Resort were beautiful and I must say the landscape was about the only thing I liked, it was very pretty. We traveled with a group of great people and met some very nice people on the trip--that is the only reason I am rating the overall experience as well as I am. Our first impression was awful, Irma at the front desk who said she was the supervisor was one of the rudest people I have ever met. She has obviously never heard of customer service. She could have cared less about what we had to say in fact when she didn't want to discuss it any more she just left. Several of the gentleman at the desk followed her example. We repeatedly during the booking process requested that the 4 rooms we had were together. They were each in a different patio and not all of them had the king size bed as promised.All inclusive DRINKS:  Does not mean much to this Hotel. We ended up walking to the market to find cold beer. Even though we had to pay for it it was better than the resorts. How hard can it be to have cold beer? Keep us in drinks we may not have noticed all the other problems! They hauled beer from the main bar down to the beach in plastic jugs and or metal containers. So, by the time it gets to you it is hot and flat. Not to mention how unsanitary this was! The mixed drinks were different everytime. I think out of the whole bunch only one or two had actually been trained to mix drinks. Sandros was the best bartender. The male bartenders commonly waited on the men first not even acknowledging a female unless they were half naked. No drink service on the beach, we have stayed at other places and they always had barmaids walking the beach bringing drinks to you, no such thing here. YOu had to make a trek to the one bar to get your hot drinks. The swim up bar was the biggest joke of all. It was not staffed many times and service poor. It was in a corner in the shade.Dining Service: The buffet varied in food selection at times but the part that never changed was the cold food was room temp as well as the hot food. Don't think you will always have plates to put the food on, there was very commonly a line of people awaiting a plate. When you finally had a plate then the challenge was to find silverware. Should plan on geting your own drinks, we always had to get our own coffee and water.Beach:In order to get a chair you have to be up by 0530 or 0600 and save it with a towel---that is if you could get a towel. We fought with this every single day. We were luck y enough to be there when the washing machine broke and then it was even worse. There isn't any music on the beach so bring your own. The entertainment on the beach was pretty good. The food bar on the beach was not big enough to handle the numbers of people staying at the resort. They did not open on time and could not have prepared food any slower.Ala Carte Dining:the Italian dinner was by far the best food we had all week the Steak house second. The service in the Italian dining room was great and timely.Noise at night:Every night our room vibrated to the adjacent resort's bass system. Very difficult to sleep if you retired early. The worst night was the night there was a private party concert up the beach. The music throbbed until 0800 the next am. I don't think anyone at the reosrt slept that night. Maid Service:Our maid was wonderful. Her name was Ester Rodriguez. She kept our room very neat and clean. She managed to get us towels even when the machine was broke. If she told you she would be back she was. She was one of the few staff who rec'd a tip from us. Tips didn't seem to matter much to the others, we were told by our apple rep that the staff rec'd a % from the hotel that was not dependent on customer satisfaction. Maybe they should make it dependent on customer satisfaction.Excursions:We did the Outback safari and it was great. Our Guide Olandro was the best and we had a blast.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>Icebabe2002
<Content>Beautiful looking, but hit or miss on everything else Just arrived back from a Sunquest vacation to the Blau Natura Park. It is hard to give an overall impression of the hotel as some things were great, while others poor. The hotel is a short 20 minute drive from the airport (nice looking airport, but the staff will try to extort as much money from you as they can...). It really is in the middle of nowhere, and the area is not pleasant smelling once you get off the resort property.The property itself is quite nice, more natural looking than most - with the exception of the fish ponds/lagoons that are very clearly artificial. It is fun to see and feed the fish and birds that are all over the place. The buildings incorporate a lot of natural materials, which give it a more rustic feel. The beach is a decent size, but there is a lot of seaweed. This is mainly due to the strong winds (which actually help keep you comfortable during the day).The rooms were a disappointment. Everything in them smells musty, and we had little ants of some kind in the bathroom and on the desk. Thankfully, they didn't get into our stuff. The beds were harder than any futon I've ever slept on, and I had a sore neck all week as a result. The electricity is definitely an issue - some of the lights didn't work, and a surge blew out my battery charger. We did have hot water and the A/C worked well, so we were lucky compared to some. Don't travel with anyone you might be shy around, as the bathroom doors are made of slotted wood, and only slide back and forth. Note that noise carries pretty easily, especially near the theatre.The food was hit or miss. Generally, when the meat was cooked properly, it was quite flavourful. The pasta was generally okay. There were issues with keeping food hot though, and both me and my friend ended up with intestinal problems (and when they say don't drink the water from the taps, this includes brushing your teeth!). The a la carte restaurants weren't anything special. Service varied wildly depending on who you had, although the people at the bars were quite nice. Considering the variety of countries that they draw visitors from, I was impressed that most staff could converse in English, French, Spanish or German. The entertainment staff tried, but some of the shows were a litlle slow. Excellent dancers though.The prices at the hotel store were decent (good selection if you forgot anything), but you could get better if you haggled well with the merchants that came on site a few times a week. Don't accept their first or second offers though! They do get a bit annoying though as every one of them wants you to stop and look at their stuff. None of it is really original, as you can get the same items elsewhere on the island if you go into town or on a tour. Do take a tour though, as it will give you a better idea of the island outside of the hotel.  I am glad I went, but I wouldn't go back to this hotel again.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>getwet
<Content>Natura Park Vacation We just returned feb 23 from a wonderfull week at Natura Park. Our stay was great !We were at the Catolonia in Dec 2007 and have been to Riu bamboo and Punta cana beach resort before. Resort service was very good along with the grounds, food and room. We had no problems at all. The negetive was the pool bar was in bad location and service was very slow above pool. Beach bars were much better. If anybody has any questions about resort or things to do please contact us. This is a good resort.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>fancygirlHouston
<Content>Don't Waste your money or Time We just got back and I was thouroughly disappointed with the resort.The air conditioning in the room only operated on low and the room had no washcloths until the last night we were there. The food was not very good, so we ended up going to restaurants outside the facility. Three out of four of us who went ended up with intestinal problems. They ran out of, or should I say never had mint to make mojitos. The last night they had no lemons nor limes. All of the liquor was bottom shelf, so forget about getting a shot of Padron or Ketel one vodka. There was an icredible language barrier which made it hard to get what you wanted. Room service would never answer, so I had to go and get my pot of coffee each morning. The resorts entertainment was pretty poor. The worst part was that it is located on the atlantic ocean and not the carribean sea. I hate to be so negative, but I did not talk to one person there who was happy with the accomodations, and I hate to see someone go and be disappointed.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>getwet
<Content>Natura Park - Punta Cana       Room View from Villa III  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>namoure
<Content>punta caca the beach is caca the resort is ok the food is not bad we just got back form natura park on feb 22 08 i have to say my room was great and no pets in the room the service at the cheek in was fast and my room was ready the pool is ok you have to wake up at 5am to get a chair by the pool and thats hard to do when you go to bed at 3am the water is fulllllllllllll of caca it looks like we were in a big cabbage soup. No entrertainment just a full of crappy shows always the same music it was not amasing at all. If you go have a snack at midnight ask for Tony and ask him to give some beer. Good luck to all of you who choice Natura Park and have a good swim in the cabbage soup!! Punta caca  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>3	5	5	1	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ccrider1
<Content>AWESOME VACATION!! wonderful place to stay We just came back from an awesome time in the DR we stayed at the Natura Park in Punta Cana. We went with a group of 18, We were very nervous at first because we heard so many negative reviews for example: people said that the Ducks were mean...Not true...That there were birds and nasty droppings in their food...NOt true..We loved the animals they didn't bother us at all they just wondered around and were very entertaining to watch. It was VERY CLEAN! The grounds were beatiful very well kept.The Food was ok ...lot's of variety so if you didn't like something there was so many more choices, we found that if you tipped the servers they treated you like royalty (a Dollar goes along way) They would bend over backwards to get you seats at the buffet they even saved our seats for our group ask for Freddie and Bruno they are so friendly and awesome servers..They made sure that we had hot coffee and anything else we needed, they were so helpful in helping us with our spanish they were very good teachers.We were looking for all those crazy speed boats that we read about in the reviews there were boats in the water but that's the ocean... they didn't get in the way it was normal.We also heard about vendors bothering you NOT TRUE!!! When you first get there they walk the beach and ask you if you want to do any activities like horseback riding.. dune buggies.. snorkling etc. But they don't bug you if you don't want to do it just say no... then they go to the next person they don't hassle you, they just want you to have a good time there and take advantage of everything that they have to offer.We did the dune buggy's so much fun!! we loved it. Some friends of ours did the out back and they loved that..We did the snorkling where they take you out in a boat just out front for an hour and snorkle awesome!! take bananas or bread with you..it was $15 u.s each.My daughter and 3 of her friends went parasailing they loved it!! My sister in law and I were able to go in the boat so that we could take pictures, that was such an experience.The one thing that we could never get used to is the smoking..on the entertainment nights people smoked all around you and when your not used to it you notice it..The 3 ala Carts we went to we loved the Italian the food was so tasty and cooked perfectly.The steak was awesome!! We mostly had the Rib eye but the second week my sister in law had the tenderloin with mushrooms and it was better their soups are so hot and delious sooo good.We didn't care so much for the seafood one we found that the seafood had a weird taste to it (and Iam not picky) We didn't complain tho they noticed that I didn't eat much and asked if I would like something else they were so willing to please..we just went to the buffet after and had something else.The bufffet is only open till 10 pm so when we got there late when we first arrived we were so hungry the one thing that we thought that the company should have is a small buffet for people when they first get there from their plane ride because you are starving and nothing was open..They do have a later place where they serve fries and hamburgers and hotdogs starting at 12 am to 5 am but when we were looking for something at 10;30 their was nothing.. We found that you really had to look for beach chairs it's a big beach tho and sometimes you had to walk a little further to find one and sometimes you had to sit in the sand because their was none. We noticed people were taking peoples towels off and taking the chairs anyways (which I don't agree with) we had to get up very early just to save the seats and some people were there at 6am to get seats and then someone comes along at noon and just takes the towel off the seats and steals it. NOT RIGHTThe animation team was awesome!! they really kept you involved in all the activities Dancing ....shows...water arobics...volleyball..soccer.. archary... if you wanted to do it fine and if you didn't want to do it nobody forced you to partake. Wilson.. Johnny be good..luis... awesome people!! ask for them they always have a smile on their faces and are happy to help you with any activities that you may want to do..They do have a gift shop there but if you want to walk down the beach they do have a small village and they have a row of gift shops that you can go to and wheel and deal with them ( don't take the first price that they offer most times you can cut the price in half) The rooms were ok we asked for a King size bed but never got it instead we got 2 double beds but it was fine no problems it was clean and the maid did a great job we left a tip everyday on the bed and a small gift (they like perfume..lipstick..hair clips...pens..toothbrushes.. things like that) since they are so poor they really do appreciate those things. We left all our hair products and creams and perfumes etc to some people that could really use it that lived there..you would have thought that they won the lottery they really do appreciate it.We had a awesome vacation and hope to go back soon..It's a wonderful resort and I wouild recommend it to all.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Sexykitty
<Content>Natura Park Beach  We travelled to Punta Cana in Jan-17-31./08. We had great service with Air Transat-lots of leg room, the back 6 rows. Sunquest was very helpful, greeted us at the airport, took our bags to the bus and we were taken to Natura Park. Lovely spot. Quick check-in--room very nice -king bed, 3rd floor--first building. Only concern we had was the noise travelling up from the bar some evenings , but after a few days in the hot sun, we never heard it, and we slept just fine. Service was great-ale-a cart-steak house- we enjoyed the most. Buffet had plenty to eat, at all times. Pool chairs were hard to come by, unless you were up early and down to the beach or pool to claim them with your towels, but that really was no hardship. We loved the wildlife and birds on the resort, its within walking distance to the Sunscape casino, or the little village if you wanted to barter with the local peddlers.We took the monster truck tour through the Sunquest rep--very good, seen a real Domincan home ,ranch, cock fight and sugarcane fields ,coffee beans, coco beans a Haitian village. I would recommend it to anyone wanting to see the country side. We also toured out to Manati Park, lovely place as well with all the dolphins, sea-lions, parrots and horses, crocodiles and geckos.I would recommend this resort to anyone, it was busy, lots of people, but that's to be expected at a big resort. We met some very nice people while holidaying there. The price was great and we would go back again .  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>2geminis
<Content>Great place to relax My mother and I stayed at Natura Park in January 08. This was our second visit.This is not a fancy hotel and there's not much of a night life, but it is clean and the beach is great. Good place to go if you just want to relax.Food is very good as compared to other places I've been to. I also have food allergies and they were very accommodating.The beach is really nice and there's quite a long stretch of white sand. There is some seaweed though.Service is good. Managers Brian and Martin were really great.Staff are very nice. Cleaning services were good, although sometimes had to wait for clean towels.Free shuttle to nearby casino and new mall.Overall it is good value for money.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dingdingeyes
<Content>Great Resort and a few but... My boyfriend and I went to Natura Park Resort with Signature Vacation from Jan 21 to Feb 4. Overall it was a good resort with a few problems:ArrivalWhen you get to the airport lobby, remember to go to the booth on the right left of the lobby to see which bus # you are getting on. We were a little confused at the beginning because signature vacation didn't have a rep with a sign at the lobby. But don't worry, they won't take off without you. Check inWe didn't get a lock for the security box when we checked in, but got it without a problem the next morning. When we arrived it was around 10:30pm, and the buffet was already closed at that time. There was a snack bar opened from 12am midnight to 5am. So if you are arriving late as well, remember to bring some snacks~RoomWe got a room with two double beds on the ground floor. When we talked to another two couples also from our flight, they said they got rooms with two double beds too. One of them requested for a room with king size bed and they got a room that was quite close to the disco bar, so it's quite noisy at night. Other than the double beds, our room was great! Perfectly fine air con, very clean room with no bed bugs, no water leaking from above... Our room is not facing the beach but it's very close to the beach and the flamingo pond~ The room is really big (bigger than the other all-inclusive hotels that we have been too). There was no alarm clock, so really remember to bring a clock or a watch (you can also check the time on channel 40 on the TV~) There was a hair dryer in the bathroom, it's very weak but it worked fine (keep in mind it's a eco hotel~) The water pressure for the shower was surprisingly good! Some people here mentioned about the wooden doors for the toilet and the bathroom. It's not very sound prove, but we just turned up the TV volume and it's fine =)The maids did a good job cleaning the room. We brought little gifts to them, like toys, crayons, etc. They liked to use flowers to decorate instead of making towel animals. The flowers did attract some tiny little ants, I usually just moved the flowers away from the bed and it's fine~There was a mini bar fridge in the room, but not everything in there was included. You get 2 big bottles of water (outside the fridge) and 2 local beer and 2 pop (inside the fridge) every day. Other things like import beer, chocolate bar and chips cost money. Sometimes they might leave you a bill even you didn't get anything from it, but you just have to tell the front desk that you didn't take anything and they will cancel the bill. We live on the ground floor, so we were quite worry about security after reading some reviews that some people's room got robbed. We always locked the chain on the balcony door, put all valuables in the lock box and locked our suitcase whenever we left the room. Nothing was stolen~GroundsThis hotel really has the most beautiful ground! The mangroves and the ponds were very nice. The flamingos, ducks, geese and other birds made our stay a lot more interesting~ It's fun to see the birds do different things every time we saw them~ I do wish the hotel have more chairs around the ponds, so I can sit there all day to look at the birds~ There are also some wooden boxes beside the ponds that had some left over bread for guest to feed the birds and fish. PoolThe water of the pool was really quite cold. BeachThe beach was really nice! The sand was soft and there was no sand flea. There were quite a bit of sea weed as mentioned in other reviews as well. I didn't mind them when they were on the beach, but they felt a bit gross when they were around me in the water. They didn't have enough beach chair for every guest. We usually left two towels on two chairs before we went for breakfast. If you walk to the left of the beach, you can find a long strip of beach that doesn't have much seaweed and has no hotels on it. There are some places around there that's good for snorkeling. We tried to keep walking to see if we will get to Bavaro beach, but it got to a point that there weren't any foreigner along the road and it looks like it's still a long way, so we just headed back.FoodThe food in the buffet was... inconsistence. Some days it could be really good and some days it could be really bad... Breakfast is always good at the omelet station. They also have packaged yogurt there~ Lunch - we usually spent our lunch around the beach and went to the buffet once. The lunch buffet near the beach was good. They got a soft ice-cream station there. There was a snack bar near the beach that served burgers, hot dogs and fries. Once in a while, they would have chefs that cooked in front of the pool. They had this seafood and curry spice rice or noodles there that it's the best thing I ever had! I'm still missing it now... The lunch buffet at the lobby buffet was not that good...Dinner - buffet was again, inconsistence, most the time it's ok though. Their dessert is very very good! The a-la-carte was kinda funny...Some food (esp. appetizer) were just not quite what you expected. The steaks at the steakhouse were good~ The chicken and the beef at the Italian restaurant were good too. We didn't go to the seafood restaurant. EntertainmentSome reviews said the entertainment was poor, but I think they were great! Both at the pool area and the disco bar were very entertaining. They usually have games played with the guests on most nights. The also have couple shows - the stars night and the Michael Jackson night were awesome! We stayed for 2 weeks and they didn't have identical shows everyday for both weeks. ServiceOverall is ok... Some people were really good, like Pedro at the buffet! But they were a bit understaffed... especially at the bar area. You really have to tip someone to get a drink or expect to wait for at least 20 min. There were some people from the hotel that sells tours. They were fun to see and talk to in the first couple days, but when you still haven't buy any tour from them they could became quite pushy... We went on the boogie tour from them and it was great~ShuttleThere was a free shuttle bus from the hotel to a shopping mall called Palm Real. The mall is not quite worth going to because it's really small and sells really expensive things, but it's right next to Palm Real hotel in Bavaro~ We didn't have enough time or we would for sure go walk around that area. There was also a free shuttle bus to go to the manati park in Bavaro. Outside the hotelThere were some stores outside the hotel (about 5-10 min walk) that sells souvenirs. There was also a convenient store there that sells things that were a little bit cheaper than the gift store in the hotel. Consider this was the cheapest resort we found in Punta Cana, I think it's a great resort! The ground was definitely worth staying~  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	5	3	2	3	

<Author>10121012
<Content>I would never go back neither recommend it My husband and I went there for the New Year period. First when we got there at 3:00 in the morning, we got a room that was not even made. Than they gave us a room with 2 single bed even if we explained that this was our 10th aniversary.After fighting, we finnaly got a room with a king bed but had to wait until 5:00pm. One day lost. This is nothing compare to the bad experience with the food. I would rate the food about 2* and I am generous... The service was as bad. Than on Jan 2nd, we were woke up with 4 Dominican breaking the ciment with a hammer. They had decided to redo the ciment. I still don't understand why they did not wait during a more quiet perio in the season... Personnaly, I do not recommand t to my worst ennemy  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	1	1	3	

<Author>rmneff
<Content>Bad Service, and watch your table My family and I just got back from our stay at Natura Park. I am sorry to say the service is very poor and disipointing. Upon our arrival we where given a bag with a room key, a safe key, and told that we would get our TV remote later that day, and if we did not return any of the items would be charged. When we arrived it was around three o'clock in the afternoon. We where strongly advised to go directly to get something to eat because luch would only be served for a few more minutes, and then there would be nothing to eat. This is pretty much how the whole trip went with the Natura Park Staff. As a guest you better be where they say, when they say or you will not get anyting to eat and or drink. When you do meet the schedule, getting waited on is another challenge. Most of the guest would just get up an get their own drinks out of frustration of waiting for someone to take an order. If you did this you had to make sure that someone was still setting at the table becaue the staff would very quickly remove any items from the table and set someone else down at your table. We actually saw other guest plates of food taken off the table because they went to get something to drink. In additon if you did this you would wait in line to get a drink, pretty much 15-20 minutes each time due to the long line of people waiting.Our fridge was locked in our room, and after repeated attempts to get it unlocked I finally just gave up. We never got any pop, beer or anything out of the fridge. Due to this issue. Out of our four day three night stay, the internet and information we recieved from our travel company said we would get two specailty dinners (at the resturants) The staff was quick to tell us that we could have one dinner with our stay and that was it.I have been on four vacations with Apple within the last four years. I am very surprised Apple would ever even concider this one of there resorts If I had to find one good thing about it, I would say the beach was very nice to walk down (past the other resorts) however the beach is full of garbage, IE:pop cans, beer bottles, and other trash. I would strongly recommend shoes for fear cutting your feet.Bottom line for me, I felt like a cow in a hear of cattle. I nore my wife ever felt welcomed into the resort or country for that matter. My advise would be to only go to see the ocean and country, at a different resort that is. Good luck and best of wishes with your travels....  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	1	1	-1	1	

<Author>londonwesty
<Content>Wonderful, lush Natura Park       interior of each building  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	3	5	2	

<Author>Sierradreams
<Content>Not a great resort I just returned from my honeymoon at the Natura Park and let me say unless someone paid for me to return I would not pay out of pocket to return.When we arrived there was no one there to recieve our baggage. There was 5 couples entering from our bus. Upon arrival the woman behind the counter held up little packages containing keys, locks, remotes, etc to the room. She then proceeded to tell us all what everything was, etc. When I got my turn at front desk and told them that my travel agent had booked this and that we were on our honeymoon, they said that they didnt know and that we would have to take what they gave us. They also advised us that we were booked with some group of people (who I did not know) when I again told them we were on our honeymoon, they again said they didnt know. They then told me that we were booked into a room with two double beds....yes two double beds, when I requested a different room, it was like i was asking for a shuttle to Mars. This one lady behind the counter did her utmost to get us a room with one bed. 3 hours after my arrival, i returned to front desk to speak with the nice lady and unfortunately I got the supervisor of front desk. She was rude, rude, rude. In the end she tossed the package with the keys, etc on the counter and told me to take the room and she would deal with me tomorrow. She told me it was still a room with two single beds and that we had no choice. (we did get a room with one bed) during this waiting time they told us to go get something to eat or do something while we were waiting yet no one told us where we could get these items. when we made our way to the restaurant, the service was just as exceptional as the staff that greeted us. Slow and not that great. Overall the food there is repeated. It was always the same except the main meat dish changed. Other than that it was always the same thing. During the course of our stay in the middle of the night we woke to hearing an animal of some sort in the curtains of our room. We called downstairs and requested them to send someone to remove it....15 minutes later still no one arrived. We then called front desk again where they assured us that some one was coming...10 minutes later I walked down to front desk and told them that there was a something or other stuck in my curtains, that I was sitting in the hall waiting out there for someone to come and remove. After that about 5 mins later they sent someone and he removed it...I realize it is a nature park but they need to keep on top of keeping the flying things out of the rooms. The service was very slow, and painful. It was nothing to wait 5 - 10 minutes for a drink. The service in the restaurant was not that great,unless you were the first person at the table it did not get redressed with cups, cutlery, etc. Many times I had to go in search of cutlery, cups, etc. Would I return to this resort.....only if someone paid for me. Overall I was not happy I was on my honeymoon and was treated very poorly. Our travel agent had prebooked us to ensure we received the extras, which we did not. One good thing about this resort is that you can walk for miles on the beach as it is the last resort.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	4	3	1	2	3	

<Author>jdsjas
<Content>Over rated My husband and I have travelled quite extensively in the Caribbean. This is the first time we would say that the resort was definately not worthy of the 4 star rating. The grounds are nice and kept tidy. The hotel itself is tired. We were supposed to have a king bed and ended up with 2 3/4 beds. The beach could be very nice but has a lot of seaweed and it seems to be the only hotel along that strip that doesn't clean it up. They seem understaffed and understocked. Towels are often not available and if you need a spoon, you'll likely be going on a treasure hunt. Seats on the beach are also difficult to find. If you'd like wine with your dinner, no problem. If you want a beer, you may have to ask about 3 different servers. You still may not get one, and they don't seem overly concerned. The food is ok, although I think it could be kept warmer. The steak house restaurant is very good. We managed to eat there twice. This restaurant is also off of the beaten track of Punta Cana. Outside the main gates is filthy and the local market is nothing short of harassment. My advice - go somewhere else!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cathyperkins
<Content>Beuatiful beach but rooms and food was hurting The Beach was by far one of the most beautiful with turquoise water and white sand. Also a lovely pathway following the water that is great for running.The food was not good. While you would never go hungry, it left a lot to be desired. I ordered a shrimp dish from the alacarte and got noodles that was like kraft dinner with 2 small shrimp with the shell on. The beef on the buffet was not chewable or cuttable. The coffee was cold on most days. The italian a la carte did not serve italian food. I ordered chicken and all I got was a small piece of chicken. Nothing else!! The steak house restauant was great. As for the rooms, they were clean but only 1 -110 v outlet that did not work and we had to have maintenace in 3 times and still was not fixed properly. Teh power in the room alos blew out and it was not fixed until the end of the day after we had to go back and complain.All in all, we did have a wonderful vacation but they need to start doing some improvements to the Hotel in order to keep up with the competition.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	3	2	3	

<Author>Jenmomto2
<Content>A truly wonderful stay at The Natura!       In lobby outside the spa  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	4	3	3	2	

<Author>captain236
<Content>great week!! the resort was really nice.Rooms where great.I would advice you to get an upper room if possible unless you like a terrace out your door-but we switched to a second floor.Food was very ok............And to the person that said the Meda Luna steak was terrible- I differ on that -the steak my g/f had was one of the best filet mignons I have ever tasted-it cut like butter.All in all we had a great week..JUSY WATCH out for the MINi bar -we got stung $27 on check out for 5 drinks--the free ones are free -the others are not--get the literature before USING your MINI bar.the only complaint was it was too short-it would be nice if you could go for 10 dayst o some resorts.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dar_n_alex
<Content>duck follower       Mom Dad  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>garymary
<Content>beautiful resort--but some problems My wife and i stayed at the Natura Park 1/27/08 to 2/3/08. We booked our trip through Apple Vacations . When our Apple shuttle pulled up, there were only 4 of us that got off and went over to check in. Check in was the worst i have had and we have been to resorts in Mexico 6 times. Then gave us a envelope with our key, safe lock, info and no one took us to room or even told us how to find it. There were 2 bus loads of Canadian tourists that pulled in right after we got there. we walked around and found our room, the key did not work. back to the lobby, by now the lobby is packed. finally got another key and was told they'd deliver our luggage. unlocking the door, it was warm in the room with a ceiling fan on. turned the air condt up, didn't seem to work. the man then delivered our luggage, asked him about the air condt, he fiddled with the switch and then just left abruptly. by now, we're hungry. had no info on restaurants so we went off on our own and found a buffet although the lunch buffet was clearing up to get ready for dinner. after exploring on our own, the grounds are gorgeous, with the ponds, flowers, and landscaping the Natur Park is the prettiest place we have ever been to. Back to the room and still air cont not very cool, remember, we came from Wis with 5 above temps and were still getting used to the warm temps.Went back to lobby, told them about air condt and finally a man came over to look at it. he took the suspended ceiling out and crap fell all over the floor, dirt, dust, pebbles, fiddled with air and said he'd be back tomorrow, (monday)i tried to get the lock in safe, wouldnt fit so the air cont man just pounded the lock into safe and that worked, We both though the food was good at dinner buffet although service is very very poor. tables were not made up with glasses, silver ware and you wait to get drinks if you can even find a server to get you some. went to get a drink at the bar later and service was the same old story. you might wait 10-15 min to get a drink, breakfast buffet was good although the French toast and pancakes were cold. they did have the breakfast meats on hot plates. The beach is gorgeous, sea weed of course, its the ocean( duh) and thats where sea weed come from, they did have crews cleaning up the sea weed. We never had any problems finding beach chairs although i saw a lot of people SAVING Chairs. that is a big gripe to me. Thos chairs are for the guests at Natur Park, they are not your own personal chairs. If you leave to go to dinner, take a nap, etc, the chairs become vancant and are availbe to some one who wants to use them. I personally saw 4 beach chairs with towels, books under a beach hut sit empty for over 5 hrs and no one ever occupied them. That should not be tolerated. Servie at all the buffets was lacking. it would have been quicker and more efficient to have us get our own silver ware, put coffee and drink dispensers in the buffet and let the guests wait on themselves. All inclusive buffets for a week can get kinda routine, but we always found some thing good to eat and the desserts were the best i have ever had. we booked 2 trips with Apple and i must say the outback safari was the best one i have ever had. Learned a lot about Dominican life and their culture and saw a lot of the country and how the people live.coming back from one of our tours, came back to 2 inches water in our bath room fllor. apparently the room above us had a leak and it run through the ceiling. I called the front desk and was surprised that some one was there immediatly to fix the problem, the came in and mopped up the floor. Since the hotel was mostly French, German, French Canadians, we didn't meet a lot of people, The info we learned about the hotel came from our Apple rep and some Americans and Canadians that we talked to. Our room was cleaned daily and no complaints. we tipped the cleaning people daily. To sum it up, we enjoyed our time at the Natur Park, although there service in the buffets, front desk and the bars was poor, service at the beach bars was good. We never knew the hotel had a free shuttle as some other writers have said, we weren't told that nor we were told about restaurants where they were, etc, just found everything out on our own. Our last night there we went to a specialty restaurnat for Italian. We didn't get our reservations in early enough for the steakhouse or sea food dinners. We were seated for dinner at 630 pm and got our food at 815pm.apparently our waiter forgot to turn in the ticket to the chef as people came in later and were done dinner befere we even started, i think that Blau Hotels which owns the Natur Park needs to educate there management on custome r service and to train the staff to be attentive and more organized. The beautiful grounds, beaches and warme weather made up for overall poor service. Would we go back to the Natura Park, yes, only if the price was right. We got a very good deal on the hotel with Apple Vacations, other wise i would like to try another resort in Punta Cana and compare the service. Any questions, please feel free to email me at glsmcs77@aol.com  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	5	4	1	2	3	

<Author>MinniesyKevvy
<Content>Absolutely Beautiful My partner and I went to Nature park for a two week visit. We were both impressed with the physical beauty of the resort. The staff were all friendly and helpful. The food was mediocre in quality but it certainly was plentiful. The gift shop was lovely and had a good variety of local giftwares. The beach was beautiful. Contrary to what I had personally read about the beaches being full of seaweed..that was not our experience. There were men there daily raking the seaweed away. The view of the ocean was breathtaking! The pool was great too, cool but when you were in the sunshine it was just fine. The swim up bar was fun and very friendly. Our room was clean and tidy every day. The cleaning staff were very prompt and helpful! We went to two of the ala cartes. WE were not impressed with the Media Luna food. The staff we friendly and helpful...the steak was of very poor quality..but the rest of the food was fine. The Gondola(Italian) was fabulous. The staff were expectional and friendly. We had the lasgna and it was fabulous. We did not try La Perla (seafood) as we had heard from other people from the Maritimes that the seafood was mushy and not good tasting. Since we have easy access to seafood here in nova Scotia, we passed on that. We can't stay enough good stuff about Tony, Maria and Francisco...bar staff and dining staff. Very helpful and fun people to have wait on you. We made fast friends with the staff and enjoyed all of their special attention to details.I would recommend this resort for its beauty and its super friendly staff!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GibsonLesPaul9
<Content>Many rude tourests/ Bad food Good points: Nice weather, nice beach.Bad points: Poor quality food (made me sick for almost the whole week) Very crowded, alot of rude people there (not the staff) If you appreciate arrogant French and Obnoxious Americans, this is your place. I had a good trip because I kept an open mind and ignored alot of the annoynaces, but I got a bad vibe from many people there. I am Canadian, yet the french Canadians visting were a bunch of snobby jerks, especially for people on vacation. People would push and shove when lining up for food at the buffet.  If you go to Natura Park, you will constanly be harrassed by vendors, get used to it. Snorkelly is good but watch out for speed boats, there are many and they cannot see you in the water VERY DANGEROUS! Stay in the marked swimming area while snorkelling!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>waterlogged23
<Content>Great Value for the Money My husband and I stayed at Natura Park Resort from January 21 - 28, 2008. We were somewhat skeptical before we went after reading some of the reviews, but were pleasantly surprised at the quality of the resort and service once we arrived. We had a smooth check-in and were shown to our room which was right at the beach, pool and upper bar. Great location!The food was good. You will never go hungry. Everyday at lunch aside from the buffets and snack bar they also had an outdoor grill going by the pool and made some delicious stir fry dishes. We tried two of the specialty restaurants. The food was OK, but actually you have more choices with the buffet. Our room was wonderful. Extremely clean - flowers on the bed and in the bathroom everyday. Floors mopped and clean towels everyday. Absolutely no complaints with the room or the housekeeping staff.Drinks at the bar seemed to be watered down or were extremely weak. However, the staff did not seem to have a problem with giving doubles when asked. There are two bars right on the beach, so you don't have to go far for a drink. The beaches are beautiful. The water was warm and clean. The sand is more like powder than sand. The skies were clear blue, with a nice breeze to help cool you off. The grounds are extremely clean and beautiful. The bridges over the mini water areas, along with the flamingos, ducks, geese, herons and fish make it even more special. The plants/flowers were incredible. HOT TIP: Regarding the beach chair situation. We got skunked the first day in getting a beach chair. We soon figured out a way to have a perfectly placed beach chair everyday thereafter. We would go down to the beach at night around 10:00pm and pick out two good chairs, place them under a thatch hut, (right by the bar!) and then wrap our towels around the top of the chair. Don't do this with the resort towels because if they get taken you will have to pay $10.00 each. So take a couple of your own old towels and you should be set. It is unfortunate that you have to resort to this, but if you really want a chair you either have to get up before 0600 or try our trick and have a sleep in!ONLY COMPLAINT: The smokers! Coming from beautiful British Columbia, Canada, we are not used to smokers - especially smokers at meal time. There was suppose to be no smoking allowed in the restaurants, but they don't seem to enforce that rule, which was rather disappointing. However, a small complaint when everything else was so nice, so we tried not to dwell on the smokers and just moved if we had too many of them around us.BEST ACTIVITY: Find Johnny Be Good (black pants, red polo shirt and big smile) and book a sunset horseback ride. The best $40.00 value you will ever have. Galloping along sandy beaches as the sun sets was the best fun ever! Also the Catalina Island Snorkelling Trip is great. A long day 0700 - 1900, but well worth it. The crew were so much fun and the waters are beautiful.BOTTOM LINE: For the price you get a clean resort, good food, and beautiful surroundings. The staff were always friendly and liked to help us with our spanish when we asked. We will definitely go back to this resort.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>saskabush08
<Content>Fabulous time at Natura Park! My husband and I just returned from Natura Park for our second honeymoon and we had a great time. We had never travelled to an all-inclusive resort before so we have nothing to compare it to, but we were quite satisfied with our experience. I was a bit wary after reading many of the reviews on this site, however the positives definitely outweighed the negatives. We booked through a CAA agent with Sunquest and paid around $1700 per person.Check-in: Quick, staff were helpful. We didn't get a safe key at first since they had run out (hotel was over-booked), but we got one the next day no problem, and they offered to keep our passports overnight in the hotel safe if we wanted to. Rooms: Pretty good, we were in the first building next to the buffet and bars, so at night it was a bit noisy, but we're sound sleepers so it didn't bother us. Since the hotel was so busy, we didn't bother trying to change rooms. We had a king-sized bed and the air conditioning worked well. There were a few things in need of minor repairs (shower head, toilet paper holder), but you spend so much time outside, who cares???? Maid was good-we tipped her $1 US a few times and left small gifts. Food: Overall very good. There was good variety at the buffet for every meal, if you couldn't find something you liked then you must be pretty picky! The fruit and wellness buffet were good, as was the beach BBQ for lunch, the pasta bar, omelette bar, and the mexican restaurant (have the tenderloin!!!!). Desserts were good too! We never went hungry. I got a bit sick after the seafood restaurant, but I was eating everything (fresh salads, cut fruits, etc) so I wasn't surprised really. The resort uses filtered water for washing food and making ice. Go early for the buffets to get the freshest/hotest food. The restaurants are all open-air, so there is always going to be the challenge of keeping food hot/cold and fresh for several hours. Grounds: Beautiful! Very well taken care of. Lots of critters to feed and watch (birds, fish, turtles, etc), lovely trees and flowers. Pool/beach: Beach was great, go early to get a chair (before 8 am when it's busy and the weather is nice). Didn't spend much time at the pool since the beach was so great. There is some seaweed, but it gets raked up everyday. You can walk for probably 1.5 hours to the left before you reach the next resort, good swimming and snorkling spots along the way. Entertainment/Activities: We really enjoyed the evening shows, and the daily activities were pretty good too-hard to get people together for a VB or soccer game since most are older or just there to bake :)Service-Very good. We never had to wait for a table, and they were very efficient at the a la carte restaurants.The resort was very busy, but we never had trouble getting drinks or food. Don't expect to be waited on hand and foot-and remember the staff work long hours and get paid very little! Many travel over 2 hours to work every day. They do their best and are always smiling!We went on the Caribean Festival and 8x8 monster truck safari tours and had a great time on both-make sure you leave the resort for your shopping! There are vendors that come in a couple times a week with stuff, but they are very overpriced and aggresive. Watch out for fake amber and larimar! Be early for the buses that pick you up for tours since they'll leave without you if you're not there ;)If you are a very picky eater, used to being waited on hand and foot, and anything going wrong will spoil your vacation, you should just stay home because the rest of us don't want to hear your whining! Remember, you're there to have fun, relax, and enjoy the sunshine-which we had no trouble doing at Natura Park!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>BEACH911
<Content>the good, the bad and the ugly We travelled to the Blau Natura Park from Jan 20-27. I had mixed feelings about going as some reviews were good and some were bad. After being there I can honestly say-THE GOOD****the BEACH-beautiful... there was some seaweed but we walk north 2 minutes and you can swim in seaweed-free water. The last 2 days we were there the ocean had no seaweed, I guess must depend on the tide.the GROUNDS-a little piece of paradise. THE BAD****the SERVICE-100% occupancy and not enough staff spells disaster. That says it all. I saw the hotel's occupancy list and at one point in February occupancy was over 100%-about 30 people will be left w/out a room!the FOOD-quite repetative. A lot of people got sick including one in our group. They don't seem to be able to keep the cold food cold enough? We always found something to eat though and we don't travel looking for fine cuisine.THE UGLY**** the HOUSEKEEPING-when we got there our room STUNK of tobacco. We asked for a room change but -no rooms available!! So they sent a maid and for 2 hours she took the room apart and cleaned it PROPERLY! Didn't matter if we tipped or not the one maid we had never cleaned the room well, left sand on the floor, hair in tub, etc. YUCK!!all restaurants are outdoor and exposed to wildlife. Watch out for the BIRDS who will crap on the cutlery!!!! I nearly took a bite of the birds lunch!SERVICE-yet again-you can NEVER find a table set properly. It was always missing utensils, glasses, napkins or table cloths were just plain dirty and disgusting. The staff - some are helpful but honestly for the main part they seem just plain indifferent. I guess the hotel is overworking them? It was common to see guests walking up to the busing station helping themselves to wine and whatever cutlery they can find (shortage of spoons).No one seems to SPEAK ENGLISH at the resort. I speak spanish pretty well but at got frustrated at times when mixing both languages didn't work. I think that in the travel industry you definitely SHOULD speak minimum english-or whatever your guests speak.Sorry to say - the BEACH CHAIR dilemma is true. By 8am there are no chairs left-not when the hotel is filled to capacity. Lucky for us our group was filled with early risers who headed to the beach to save seats.I think the Natura has the capacity to be an amazing hotel if they were to improve the service and the food.I would rate this hotel a 3.5*.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>7asprinter
<Content>Natura Park ok for the price First of all before I start, remember this is mine and my families opinion and I am sure there can be many objectives depending on your time of stay!Check in was fast and easy, we had to wait about an hour for our room, so we just went to the buffet to eat!Our room was fine, we had a beautiful garden view, we were in building 4 on the 2nd floor, Right outside our room there were ducks and geese and flamingos.. The previous comment about the hairdryer was on target, it is soooooo old and almost useless, so if you have thick hair you better bring your own... The maid did a lovely job everyday, we left her $3 everyday and left little notes that we needed more water or lotion and she did everything asked of her! The grounds were very pretty, the pool was nice, the beach was a little small widthwise, and yes when we were there if you didn't get up early everyday you were not getting a beach chair ,poolside or beach! Food----the buffet blah~ ya know its like eatin at Ryans everyday, but your not gonna starve! The Specialty restaurants were very good, at the steakhouse we all had Ribeyes, we ordered them medium, but they were well done, At the Seafood I had Shrimp Linguine and it also was very good, at the other one, I had Stuffed chicken which was very average,! In the specialty restaurants, we were there total about 2 hours in each one, very slow service. The Buffet the service was almost non-existent, good luck getting a drink. Even at the bar, if you sat at a table, you were gonna wait a while before someone came and got your order!Xtras-----Shopping~ 99.9% of our shopping was done in the gift shop and it was very reasonably prices,There is a small market up the road, which you will go by on your way to the hotel, we didn't make it there, but I wish we would have. We stayed in Punta Cana a couple years ago and visited this really cool Beach Flea Market called El Cortesito and I thought maybe we wouldn't be too far from it, but I was wrong, if you leave the resort by beach take a left and it is about a 4.5 mile walk... If you take a left on the beach and walk about 1.5-2 miles up to the point, that is where you can find some cool shells and coral.Apple offers a shopping trip into town for $25, if you want lunch also it was like $45 or $50, don't do it, the hotel offers a shuttle to the same shopping place like every 2 hours, it was called Palma Real and it was very,very expensive... They did have a Hard Rock Cafe and a Tony Romas Ribs..There is a mini bar in the room, which was nice, but you got 2 beers 4 soft drinks,(ours never had more than 2 pops in in at one time) there was a lot of other stuff in there but you had to pay for it, my mom accidently drank a can of juice and she paid $4.00 for it! She didn't follow instructions! haOverall, I doubt we would visit Punta Cana again, I would love to go to La Romana, I have heard wonderful reviews, I would love to ck out Jamaica or go back to the Riveria Maya! Hope this helps!also we went for $869.99 +tax+insurance!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	5	5	2	5	

<Author>catherineneville
<Content>Wonderful We stayed at Natura Park for 2 weeks in January of 2008 and enjoyed every minute. The food was good at the buffet restaurant, get the hot stuff that they are cooking at the back, it is best. The a la carte restaurants were ok, with the steak house definitely the best and the seafood, least. But if you are going on vacation for the beach, this one is marvelous. Just get a chair early before they are all taken. The service was great...tip a little and see how much it is appreciated. The grounds are beautiful and our room was lovely,spacious and clean. Don't expect it to be like it is in North America and you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Laureesa
<Content>For the price we paid, excellent deal.       goose  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Jose-Anita
<Content>Great value We are an adult couple who takes at least two vacations a year in all inclusive hotels in the Caribbean. We have been to more than 10 different hotels in the last few years; therefore we can compare them with ease.My wife and I spent a week at the Natura Park Hotel between January 12 and 19. It is our third visit to this Hotel. We had been there the year it opened (1997) and again in 2002 . Of all three visits, in our opinion this was the best. Food quality has improved at the main buffet, there is diet food available for those who need it, although the hotel was full we never had to wait to eat at the main buffet, the food at the Italian restaurant was excellent, the quality of alcoholic beverages and wine is above average to other hotels of the same price range in the Punta Cana Area (Baileys at the main bar, bottled Spanish and Italian wines with all meals). General maintenance of the hotel is good, pool is clean, room was always made up early in the morning, never a towel missing in the bathroom, free safe in the room, beautiful but simple and natural setting all around.The characteristics we like best about Natura Park are:Marvelous gardensVery low buildings well blended with natureBeautiful quiet beach with lots of shade The atmosphere at the main bar and lobby is very relaxed.Because it is not to large a hotel, everything is close by.Low noise almost everywhereNo pressure to participate in activitiesVery restful vacationSuperb leisurely walks on the beach to the left of the hotel because there is a very long stretch of virgin beach without any other hotel for at lest 2 to 3 km.Located far away from the crowded stretch of beach near Cortecito which starts at the Barcelo hotels complex and ends at Breezes with more than thirty hotels one besides the other.Comparing this hotel to several others within the same price range, we consider the Natura Park one of best values for your money in the Punta Cana Area and we highly recommend it to people who are looking for a relaxed and restful vacation at a very reasonable price.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>booandco
<Content>good holiday...for the price We stayed at Natura Park from Jan 05-12 and found it to be ok if you get a good deal.We paid $505 so I do feel we got our monies worthThe airport...This was very unorganized, we finially found our luggage on another luggage carasoul marked with a different flight #When we did get our luggage there was no Sunquest rep to pointus to the right bus so we had to go from bus to bus to find the right oneOnce on the bus it was only 20min ride to the resort..this was niceCheck-in...This went very smooth and hassle freeOur room...We were on the top (third) floor and would recommend asking for this as it has a tongue and groove vaulted ceiling wich was nice.We were in the building furthest from the beach and considered asking for a room change however everything worked great in our room and decided not to chance it. Even the air conditioner worked so good we had to turn it up a bit.They provide shampoo etc. and also a hair dryerFood..We found this to be just ok. It was hard to find a table in the buffet that was all set, you usually had to ask for something, coffee cup, forks etc. but the staff were happy to help when neededBreakfast was great as usual with omlettes and fresh smoothiesLunch was good but repetitive.The burger place on the beach makes good burgers and fries.Diner was ok, I felt they really tried but didnt quite get it right..They had duck one night , a whole pig another and fillet steak that you couldnt cut with a steak knife.The specialty reataurants are highly recommended.You have three to choose from, Italian, Steak and seafood,We didnt go to the seafood but the other two were very good.The service at the italian was great and I found the rib eye steak at the steak restaurant very goodYou have to stand in line at 9:00 in the lobby to make reservations for these restaurants but you can book all three at once for the weekThe beach..There is alot of seaweed on the beach as others have said however i would say it is still a beautiful beach with fairly calm water, great for swimmingOverall I would rate this a 3 1/2 star resort. I dont think I would go back there but I also wouldnt NOT recommend anyone try it  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>BCwineguy
<Content>If you are looking for a simple and relaxing vacation?       Our room  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>mnhockeygrl
<Content>Nice Grounds! We stayed at the Natura Park from Dec. 29th till January 5th. Paid too much for what you recieve. I will tell you some of our highlights and some of the negatives.Grounds: Are very well kept up. The flamingos, ducks, fish, peacock(comes out during breakfast), fish were all fun to see during the day and feeding them. The ducks eat right out of your hand. Was upset with peoples children chasing them, why do that? Then they are scared. Beach: Gorgeous, some sea weed. But if you can look past that, it is so nice. The workers were out there in the morning cleaning it up.Rooms: First night was awful, we got put into the building right next to the lobby where the disco goes way in to the morning hours and you actually feel like you are in the disco when you are really in your bed, so if you check in and are heading that direction, ask for another room. We got moved the next day but they kept telling us to come back all day. We were suppose to be able to move at 10 am. So it was a waste of a day. But worth it in the end.Service: It was terrible all around, except in the Italian Rest. We enjoyed our dinner there. Seafood, would not even bother, it was not busy but we waited 30 minutes to order. Also, several tables got up and walked out. The food was horrible, shrimp alfredo, with the tails still on. ohhhh! Lobster Bisque, not good either. Steak house was good, order the rib eye, medium well....Buffet....what can I say, it was very disgusting. Same thing for am, lunch, dinner. Not much of a change at all. Pool: Nice but chilly!my main concern is the service, we are not rude people and have patience, but it really lacked it. They seemed overbooked the 2nd half of our week, so they ran out of alot of things, and were going to use dirty cups at the bar to put our drinks in...ewww! So watch that! Would I go back, no! I do not think that I would go back to the Dominican. Its very pretty but still like Mexico better. We thought we would try something new by going here, but realized sometimes its better to go where you know.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>Steve_Gatineau
<Content>Pretty good for the price we paid! We stayed at the Blau Natura Park from Jan 7, 2008 to Jan 14, 2008. I always check this site for review so I thought that it would be a good idea to give my opinion. When we checked the reviews there was some good and bad reviews on this hotel so we didn't know what to expect. I went once to a 4* in Cuba and twice to a 4* in Riviera Maya (Mexico) and I can tell you that this resort is not a 4, 4.5*, I would rate this resort as a 3.5*+. CHECK-IN:Bad! We had to wait 2 hours before we could get to our room, it wasn't ready.ROOM:Great! the room was big and clean, the only problem is that we are a young couple and we got 2 simple bed instead of a queen bed. We tried to have our room changed the next day but it didn't work so we had to live with it!BEACH: beautiful! The beach was really nice, you have to go early to reserve your chair but... There was a couple of sea weeds but the workers picked them up everyday. BUFFET:Bad! The buffet was really bad, the food was cold and not allot of variety. Often you had to wait a to get a table.SERVICE:Bad! The service was not that good! If you want service you need to tip if you don't you will wait a couple of minutes at the bar before you get your drink.OVERALL:The resort is nice, the food and service is the only thing that I didn't like. Do not pay more than 850$-900$/person for this resort.TO DO:Visit the Saona Island, it' s really nice!Do the 8x8 Monster Truck tour, you will see the real Dominican!Will I go back? Not to this hotel but will try La Romana next time!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>Naturaparkfan
<Content>Pretty darn close to Paradise We booked this resort through CAA. The agent did an awesome job getting all the extra requests in line before we even arrived at the resort. It was certainly nice to be greeted by the resorts鈥?own little bus at the airport instead of being on a bus which services numerous resorts. Our trip from the airport was 25 minutes with no wait time. Therefore there was also no wait time at check in and they took care of us impeccably. We had rooms side by side as per our request. The beach was absolutely wonderful, never any problems getting a beach chair at any time of the day and it was very clean. We did not utilize the pool very much because the beach was so beautiful. The grounds: beautifully sculptured keeping the natural vegetation as undisturbed as possible with beautiful ponds, bridges and walkways. The beach: always clean, lots of beach chairs available at all times, lots of water activities available at any time without having to go on wait listsThe rooms: very large and roomy, patio was edged to a beautiful garden, very clean, we never saw a single bug, the maids truly went the extra mile when being tipped appropriatelyWe were also able to keep our room until 7PM for an additional $25.00 US.The service: Exceptional; I don鈥檛 think these people know how to frown! The food: Selection at the buffet beyond imagination, specialty restaurants were out of this world with regard to food selection, service and ambiance. The pool: Not a spectacular pool as one might see in brochures, but as the beach was so wonderful, we truly never utilized the pool very much except to experience the 鈥渟wim-up-bar鈥? the only downfall was that the pool officially closed at 6PM so no late night swims (although I don鈥檛 think anyone would have stopped us if we would have ventured out for a swim)Security: It was nice to see security at the beach, within the walkways and with the maids mingling through the various buildings. They often stopped to chat and ensured that everything was going ok.Additional bonuses: Key for safe in room at no charge, internet services available throughout the day, additional excursions easily booked with lots of great input from booking agent(we went on a 陆 day trip snorkeling and swimming at StingRay Bay with Stingrays and Sharks鈥?TOTALLY AWESOME!), as the hotel had their own airport bus, we were dropped off at Punta Cana airport 1 陆 hours prior to departure instead of the 3-4 hours we heard from other travelers.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Chilliv
<Content>Horrible Trip With Signature At This Hotel I booked this 2 wk vacation with Flight Center and it was a Signature package. We arrived 10 hrs late on Skyservice and when we were loaded into the bus at 3 AM in the morning they told us that our hotel had over booked and that we would be put up in another hotel. We got there and it took about 45 mins to check us all in and then we had to use our cell phone light to find the rooms and open the doors. They told us to check out at noon where we would be given a taxi ride to our hotel. At 11 AM we went to see if we could get something to eat and check out. We were told to come back at noon and the buffet wouldn't be open until 1 PM - so by now we are starving. When we finally checked out we had to sit on DEC 25th at the Natura Park Hotel until 3:30 pm to get our room since they were still over booked. So we wasted 2 days just getting out hotel room. Then we ordered room service twice in two weeks while we were there. We never got it. The food was not the best and it isn't that cleanest place I have stayed at, I wouldn't recommmend it. Most of the other people we met weren't happy with this place. Signature was never available at the hotel and they didn't seem to concerned about our horrible experience when we told them and wrote them. I would never travel with Signature again!! Oh ya while we were there for 2 weeks the same thing happen to 3 more groups. This is a reoccurring issue!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mark1977Montreal
<Content>Overall disappointing       Blau Beach  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	1	3	3	4	2	

<Author>McBeans
<Content>Sunny vacation near a nature reserve We stayed at the Blau Natura Park from Dec. 30/07 to Jan. 6/08. We are a professional couple in our early thirties. I will break up the review into sections to help.THE BEACH - Natura Park is on a section of the beach that has nice white sand. The water is clear but does have quite a bit of seaweed in it that also washed onto shore. There are many boats in the vicinity that sometimes make noise and odours. However, walking north there is an expansive nature reserve and the beach here is beautiful and water is mostly clear. There is also good snorkeling at this part of the beach. Downside is that there are obviously no beach chairs off the resort.THE FOOD - The food was good. Many options at the buffet. Sufficient choices for vegetarians and health-conscience. We did not get sick. The buffet is better than the a la carte restaurants. The beach buffet is better than the main restaurant for lunch. All night burgers/hot dogs/fries is also available.THE RESORT - Very nice looking and well kept. Many tropical birds throughout in man-made lagoons. The room was sufficiently clean and did not smell. The beds were also fine and were clean. Everything is in short walking distances. They were at capacity the week we went and they were not prepared. They frequently ran out of dishes at the buffet, food items, towels and restaurant reservations. The beach was also packed and they did not have enough chairs for about half of the week.SERVICE - About 75% of the service staff is either rude or indifferent. Of course there were exceptions. Although I do not expect the hotel staff to speak english, I was surprised at how little English was understood. Basic words like cup, ice, towel, toilet paper, shower and lime were not understood. I just made an effort to learn the spanish words, but it was a challenge to communicate. We had a problem with the mini-bar where somebody was taking items and we were getting charged. But we complained to our tour rep and it got fixed. We also had an issue where we were not told that it would cost $3 everytime we picked up the phone, even with a phone card or collect calls. We challenged this and the fees were cut in half.OTHER - I did not use the pool myself but it looked clean, was large and had a bar. Tennis courts were available and were in good shape. Entertainment was on the cheesy side. Very little imported alcohol and no drinks that require a blender to make. We did a Outback excursion that costs about $100 a person. It was okay, but I would not recommend it unless you really want to see some villages, the mountains and areas outside the resort. The coffee and cocoa plantation as well as the authentic Dominican restaurant did not look genuine, rather they seemed assembled for the tourists.Overall, I would return to the Blau Natura Park but I would not go at peak seasons.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	2	2	

<Author>OakvilleTravelbug77
<Content>More like a 3 star Signature is the tour operator that we went with. Our rep told us this hotel was new to them and wasn't even sure what star rating it was. I told her it was a 3 plus in the book but was told that was a mistake as other websites are all selling it as a 4 star. It is NOT a 4 star.  Punta Cana itself is a very beautiful area with clear waters and white sand beaches, this hotel had a nice beach with some coral areas that you could scuba and check out. Beach was kind of dirty at times but that wasn't one of my concerns. I will always give the beaches in Punta Cana high ratings.FOOD-1 starI've never been a picky eater but this restaurant had terrible food. Same thing every morning , lunch and evening at the buffet. People were lined up to get in and waiting as the hotel over booked and at times it seemed like there was never any glasses, cutlery or enough food to go around. No wonder people were lining up. The 3 a la cartes were also very bad, I didn't finish my food once, steak was scary, seafood wasn't even peeled in the soup, and the italian was a joke. I was only offered a drink once in the whole week I was there even though they were offering wine. There is a container of water on each table but you have to run after the servers to get another drink. Grounds- 3 plus starGrounds were very nice, very cool birds all around including flamingos. There is a spa and a gym but only one pool. You have to get your chairs early or they will be gone very early. Service-2 starService is the worst I have observed at any place I have stayed. While sitting in my room the cleaners and other help would briefly knock and enter the room without waiting for my response. Our air conditioning took 2 days to be looked at and fixed plus during dinners the wait staff never asked if you wanted a drink or offered tea or coffee during breakfast. It almost seemed the staff were just not trained to ask these questions AND i had to literally run after the staff each time to get a drink. I always thought asking someone if they wanted a drink was the first question to ask others when they come into a restaurant. I think the problem here is the management is not training or supervising the staff enough to ensure good service to customers and they overbooked too many guests. The hotel had to send away over 30 guests to other resorts. Room- 3 starRoom was the basic kind, bring your blow dryer. The one thing that was nice about the room was all came with a patio or balcony. Beware of the mini bar, very expensive and people had troubles with this. Staff said they took items when they didn't and items are very expensive. Overall I would choose another hotel if I went back to Punta Cana and I would only say it would be worth it to stay here if you got a REALLY CHEAP DEAL.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	5	1	2	

<Author>Starview
<Content>Great overall resort We booked this air/hotel through Apple Vacations.Flight: USA 3000 from BWI to La Romana then to Punta Cana went smoothly except they did not have enough food for everyone on the plane. Poor customer service.We wizzed through the airport to the busses due to the normal Apple efficiency. Bus to the hotel took about 1/2 hour with the stops at the other hotels to drop off others.This resort is a well maintained with mature vegetation insteed of the newer resorts where the planting look like the were stuck in the ground yesterday. My wife would have been happy to watch the resort's birds catch fish in the lagoons all day.We walked to the beach, turned left (north) and walked for an hour on a road that paralelled the beach for 1 1/2 hours to the next populated area. During the walk we took a path inland and saw coconut harvesting areas. Great smells of fermenting cocconuts. Along the walk back along the beach the sand gives way to coral with tidal pools. Great for seeing crabs, star fish etc. Wear good footwear as the coral will slice your feet.Food: The best time to eat is when the buffet first opens for the respective meal. The food is hotter and the lines for the specialty prep areas are short or non existant. Remember to wash your hands often as you greatly decrease your chances of either end problems. We had no ill effects on theis trip.When we first got to the room it was dark and flipping the switches did not turn on the lights. With some help from passers by we found out you need to put your ky in a slott inside the door to acivate the power to your room. We took a coffee stirrer and put it in the slot when we werer not in the room to keep th fan running. The beds are hard but if you are tired enough it did not matter much.The in room coffee pot was cracked and was not replaced during our stay so we could not make coffee in our room. But the coffeee at the restarant was not far away and was excellent.It took 30 sec to 5 min to get the key out of the door. It never got fixed. 1 of 3 lights in the bathroom was out the whole time we were there.The room problems were reported to the Apple rep but were never resolved. None the less we were happy with our room. We have been in much much worse.The Apple reps wanted to sell you only a few tours they have on their list. When I asked about a tour offered by another company they did not have on their list they made excuses why they did not sell them. When pressed they were still no help. While articulate and well informed, they did not serve their clients well.We did go on the Bavaro Runners and the Alto Chavon tours with favorable results.We would go back there again and would reccomend it to most everyone.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>kappermi
<Content>nice place Beautiful grounds friendly staff and well managed. They were a little overloaded during Christmas. AKA understaffed but all in all a very pleasant experience. After reading some of the previous posts, I wonder how these people expect to go to a third world country at a all inclusive place and expect the Ritz. After watching unsupervised 4 yr. old chasing the ducks and geese around for two days, I was hoping for the attack goose to appear, alas when I asked the staff they mentioned Christmas dinner. Apparently I missed on the Steak restaurant because at most caribbean all inclusive places a overcooked round steak is the norm but the seafood restaurant was excellent. My room problems were addressed within two days which is better than average at punta cana. I WONDER IF ANYONE NOTICES THAT THE people you see at 7am are the same people you see at 10 pm. A smile a tip ,remembering their name go a long long way to the service you receive. I enjoyed my stay and rated this place only second to the Rui Palace. I would recommend it over 6 of the other places I have stayed. But not over the Rui at 2k$ more.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>TompMcLeanVA
<Content>A good near great experience I spent 12/22-29 at Natura Park and had a good, near great, time. The grounds are outstanding; multiple different natural pools with different birds (flamingos, herons, peacocks, etc.)The food was less than superb but better than average. The buffet was better than the specialty restaurants. The staff was very pleasant and outgoing. There were minor problems but that must be expected in high season. The tours offered were very good. I particularly enjoyed the Outback Tour. Apple arranged golf outings to Punta Blanca and Punta Cana; both were excellent courses; well worth the money.The comments about the limited beach chairs are correct. After getting skunked two days in a row I learned to play the game and got a towel and claimed a chair as soon as I got up before eating breakfast.I recommend Natura Park to all but the most finicky traveler.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>STARROSE1
<Content>Not Going Back to Natura Ours was a family vacation with 9 of us going including three children 14, 11 and 3. From Dec 21 to Dec 28. We enjoyed our stay overall, but Christmas time was the worst time we could have chosen.Beach Area - very nice, but too much seaweed. Remember to save your chairs early. On a good day, you could not get a beach chair after 8am. You could'nt walk far one way, but definitely the other way went forever. Rooms - Only Okay - Other members of our family had lots of problems and problems getting them fixed. Shower, phone, TV, Air Conditioning.Restaurants- Buffet Restaurant not big enough during peak eating times. Very disorganized and long waits for the special stations provided.- Beach side restaurant for lunch was not bad, however very understaffed. The lady who cooked the hamburgers and hotdogs was the only person at that station and had to leave to get plates or more food. This restaurant also served as the International restaurant at night - we did not book this restaurant.- Italian Restaurant - not bad - the lasagne was delicious. Watch out, their version of a house salad includes Tuna.- A la Carte restaurants - book them right away. Don't wait until the last minute. Not happy when we tried to book 9 people at the Steak house - they told me no reservations for 9 people until 9pm - too late for my 3 year old. Four other family members were able to get a reservation, but when they arrived they were told only two people could be seated, but pushed and were able to sit - noticed during their meal that there were tons of space and we probably could have seated 9. Tables set for 10 to 12 people stayed empty for 3 hours.Food - Not the Greatest - very bland. Some of the food was way too salty. The ice cream machine did not always work. Some of the meat at the buffet was too tough.Animal Life - Expected more - geese, ducks, flamingos, fish - During the evening the birds are still around and can sometimes be pretty noisy while you are trying to sleep.Pool - The water was a little too cool, but you did get use to it. Not as big as I thought it would be. I don't care much for swim up bars as they are normally in the shade and it becomes too cold to stay.Entertainment - Very pleasant - some material not suitable for the kids. They designated a time for the children and my daughter thoroughly enjoyed herself and participated without a problem. Other events were quite popular, water aerobics, volleyball, etc.Shopping - Almost non-existent unless you take some of the tours. There was suppose to be a flea market down the beach at another resort within walking distance but it was removed. Too far to walk to the local town. There were vendors that come onto the resort to sell, but no clothing selections. You could only get T-shirts and other items in the gift shop which, as we all know, are quite expensive and there is no room for negotiation.Room Service - They tell you not to tip, but my husband and I leave a couple of dollars every day. We normally get okay service - not much to complain about - however, one day we almost didn't get towels.Check-in - Make sure you have everything - a number of guests did not receive their lockbox keys. This is very important. There were some guests who had their passports stolen.Staff - Overall everyone was very nice even though they were understaffed.Spa - Only utilized the service once for a family member. I booked an 80 min. massage for one day and the spa overbooked. It was split into two days. Very disappointed. I booked this way in advance.Scuba/Water Sports - the people here were quite knowledgeable and very safe - they ran a tight ship. Thanks Tania.The overall condition of the whole hotel needs a makeover. It's old and needs updating, repairs and upgrading, more staff, especially during a busy time.Unfortunately, we will not be going back to this resort, my husband and I are sure we can find better.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>972Biscuit
<Content>Great experience for price paid       Fav Flamingo shot - right outside our hotel room  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	5	3	3	2	3	

<Author>Biskit07
<Content>Great Value This resort had the whole deal. Fun, sun, great food and fabulous staff. For those who commented that the nightlife was lacking - sorry I have to totally disagree. Get to know the staff - they are great people and enjoy guest interaction in the pool activities and the nightly entertainment. Excursions were fun - book with Elario! There are peddlers trying to sell packages on the beach but if you simply say, not interested they move along. Communication was NEVER a problem as some people have mentioned.Restaurants offered good variety and food was fresh and tastey. Tony was the man in the buffet restaurant - sit in his section and he'll take good care of you! Total thumbs up for Natura!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jokerbee
<Content>Good relaxing time at Natura Park My girlfriend and I (both mid 20s) stayed at Natura Park during November. Overall, we had a great time there, and I will highlight some of the positives and negatives.Positives:(1) Room was nice and clean(2) The beach was absolutely perfect. Clean, clear, warm water to swim in. Plenty of chairs under really nice straw canopies. Was not crowded in Nov at all.(3) Pool was nice, again plenty of chairs available. Swim-up pool bar was an awesome feature.(4) Activities were good - we played volleyball, beach darts, and took a catamaran out to sea. Snorkeling and kayaks were available for free also.(5) Grounds were beautiful. Had a great time exploring all the different areas with cool trees and feeding all the fish in each pond.(6) Meals were generally good. The fruit smoothie and omelette station were the best breakfast items. The lunch buffett out by the beach wasn't as good each day. The dinners made up for them though, as you get to sign up for the italian, seafood, and steak restaurants, where the food was very good.(7) Great value given the relatively inexpensive cost for an all-inclusive resort.Negatives:(1) The bathroom door was pretty thin as some ppl have commented, but I didn't think it was that big a deal.(2) There was some seaweed on the shore. I didn't mind too much b/c there were workers constantly gathering it and shipping it away. The seaweed didn't even seem dirty, and I could always find a stretch of shore where it was clear.(3) Yes most of the workers only speak Spanish. If you are the type whose vacation is ruined if everyone (maid, waiters, etc) doesn't speak perfect English, then you probably shouldn't come here. I spoke no Spanish other than the 5-10 phrases I learned on the plane, my girlfriend had some knowledge of it from high school, and we had a great time.(4) The only negative about the meals was that there was an insect problem at the steakhouse, which sat right in the middle of a pond/lagoon. Definitely bring insect repellent. The waiters did their best to keep the insects away, but there's only so much you can do when you combine standing water with lights and food at night in a natural environment.(5) The nightlife was not their strength. They did their best to put on shows each night, but this is definitely not the greatest place to stay if you like to party all night. Lots of bars are open though.Overall, we had a great experience there. The small negatives mentioned didn't prevent us from enjoying ourselves immensely. Would definitely recommend Natura Park for anyone looking for a relaxing time at a unique resort with a great beachfront and stunning grounds.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>tfjmm
<Content>not worth the money very disapointed with the hotel and services. tv didn't work for the first 3 days,refridgerator never worked. the staff at the pool were idiots. asking the guests to get them drinks and food. peddlers bugging you all the time . whenever you asked for help with the pool umbrellas ect they ignored you and walked away. they played the music at the pool so loud it was distorted and you never had a chance to have a sleep by the pool.the food was lousy and never changed....always the same everyday.the specialty restaurants were terrible..people walked out halfway through....the staff couldn't care less.there is no disco and the evening shows were the same idiots from the pool....very few people stayed long.......1 star rating at best.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	2	4	1	-1	3	

<Author>mju116
<Content>Loved the whole experience The whole week spent at Natura Park was an awesome experience. The buffets were great and plentiful, and all the servers and bar staff were very pleasant ant eager to please. The a la carte restaurants were great, especially the steakhouse where the tenderloin was perfectly cooked. The best part of the resort was the Animation group (entertainment group) who were so friendly and provided some of the best fun, from the pool games each day to the nightly shows, they made the stay well worth while. The room was very clean and well maintained all week. Will definitely plan to go back again.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Zoomergrrl
<Content>Great Vacation! Ok, so after reading the comments on here, i still opted to stay at the Natura Park... What a great idea. The Grounds are beautiful, and very well kept. The beaches were a little full of weeds, but its the ocean... They're are men on the beach all day long just cleaning up the weeds so you cant really ask for more! The service was excellent, although is hard to communicate with everyone seeing as they mostly speak spanish... We had no realproblems with the room, it was small, cozy but nothing fancy at all. very no frills kind of room. We did have some rainy weather with a few leaks in the bathroom when it rained a lot. It didnt bother us since all we did in there was brush our teeth and use the facilities... Unlike may people said, the food was amazing. Neither my fiancee or I are picky eaters, but everything was amazing. Our favorite waiter was Bruno. He rocked. Always bringing a new drink as soon as one was emptied, without asking. that earned him a dollar after every mean we ate when he was there (usually 2 a day breakfast and supper at the buffet) The a la carte restaurants were the best we're ever eaten. the seafood was amazing, wasnt quite ENOUGH though, so we just went for a big desert at the buffet and were quite content. We dont usually watch the Animacion but seeing as it was dark quite quickly, wewent every night and found it quite entertaining.. The cabaret titled animacion was a little freaky, but it was all amazing anyways. We had a great time. If your into the fancy rooms, because it was farfrom fancy, this is a great place.. the grundswere very well kept, we had no problems with the birds, we fed them los of bread, and saw no one get attacked like you might have heard on here... we had an amazing time..... the drinks were very potent. There's a guy named Hector on the beach selling trips, snorkeling, fishing, atvs, sea doo's and all very affordable. I suggest you talk to him before anyone else. he's got much better prices than at the hotel.. That as the one thing we didnt like,the hotel had people on the beach haggling us to buy packages for trips, massages, etc.. that was kind of a pain, but was the only downside. I also dont really suggest anyone going here for a party hotel. its very quiet, relaxing, and enjoyeable... We had an amazing trip, it was definitely worth it. I hope you decide to stay here as the grounds are beautiful and you make pretty good friends ith some waiters and they will get you anything. Our favorites were Bruno and an other guy Audwyn or something i think. Everyone was super sweet... Oh yeah, always deal on the prices..... from everyone!!! Happy Vacationing!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Blackart1
<Content>Natura Park Beach I found the food as good as the Bahia Principe. The beach was fantastic, You could snorkel of the shore line. Because it is enclosed there are very few waves. The rooms were good. The staff wasgreat. The resort is just the right size you dont need to trolly fromone side to the other like many of the big resorts.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rrrapido
<Content>Natura Park resort We stayed at Natura Park resort last February. We had a great time. We liked the resort and are going back in '08'. It's not luxurious by any means, but is nice and wallet-friendly enough to go back. It's perfect for us as far as size.not too big..and we didn't have any negative experiences. Food is average..but I've heard the food in Punta Cana is just 'different' from ours. The buffet is just as good as the ala carte restaurants in my opinion. Beach is pretty The pool was nice.. and swim-up bar. You do have to run out early in the morning to reserve chairs for the beach and pool because they get taken early. Entertainment was pretty bad..but we're early risers..and ready to hit the sack after long days of fun. I would probably spend the extra buck on a better-rated hotel if it was my honeymoon or special occasion, but any other time..it's fine.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ann987
<Content>Very relaxing vacation We (my daughter, husband and me) just returned from a wonderful and relaxing vacation at Natura Park. This was the second time we traveled to Natura Park. GroundsVery nice, very well kept, yes there are birds but if you don鈥檛 disturb them they don鈥檛 bother you. We did feed them several times and we didn鈥檛 have any problems. RoomsCheck in went smoothly and we quickly got our key. The room is a little bit outdated but still very comfortable with good air conditioner, good washroom and nice beds. We even saw then replacing old bathtubs in other units. The only problem that we had was that the safe opens with a key and not a pass number. Normally that wouldn鈥檛 be much of a problem, except that we lost our key to the safe and it took them a while to drill the lock out because they didn鈥檛 have a spare key since each safe key is unique. One piece of advice is to make sure your keys are securely attached to a wristband or necklace.We did bring gifts for the maid (school supplies, shampoos, Tylenol, old clothes) and they really appreciate it. PoolWe never actually went inside since we spent most of the time in the sea but it seemed clean. BeachThe beach is amazing. The water is clear, no waves, white sand. We went snorkeling and we saw a great variety of fish on the reef. If you bring a piece of bread with you the fish eat right from your hand! We tried a lot of non-motorized sports (windsurfing, catamaran) and we really enjoyed them, they are all free, and if you are not sure they are lessons available. When we went there weren鈥檛 a lot of people at the resort so we had no problem getting chairs, although during peak periods it is probably not as easy.FoodThe food was good, a lot of variety, and most importantly no stomach problems. The food did not seem to be recycled through meals. During dinner we sometimes felt that the food was better at the buffet than at the a la carte restaurants because you could see what you pick and not blindly picking out of the menu. We did enjoy the a la carte restaurants and left tips, the best a la carte is the Italian where they have very tasty sauces and bread sticks.ShoppingWe did go shopping at the strip along the beach but the vendors are really pushy to get you to buy something so be prepared. If you want to get a good price say about 30% of the price they say and then agree on about 50%. We ended up later going to gift shop where we found a big variety with decent prices without the need to argue. Overall we found the vacation wonderful for the price we paid. We ended up not going on any excursions and just enjoyed the resort and the beach. When traveling you have to go with an open mind because there is no such thing as the perfect vacation and you will always find bumps along the way. The staff do try their best and are very friendly, their English is not perfect but remember that people not only come from Canada/US, they also come from Germany, France, Spain, so the staff have to know a lot of different languages. If you are looking for a very large, busy hotel with a lot of people than Natura Park is not right for you. Remember to keep an open mind because it is a different country with a different culture.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shadlan
<Content>Not bad, but not 5* We're just returning to our honeymoon in Puntacana and there are somethings we have to say about this resort.First, the room that was given to us had a moldy smell, but this smell dissapeared at the end of the first day.The food isn't bad, but it lacks variety. If you are staying at this resort, I recomend the La Perla snack bar for your lunches. The food seems better here and it's alot cooler then the buffet.Still about the food, forget about room service. We tried it at the last day and it was simply non-existent.The restaurants aren't worth it. They are nothing more then a replica of the buffet and the service was simply too slow.The pool is small, but we never really used it, because the beach was great. The water was fabulously hot :)We had some problems with the housecleaning because some drinks kept disapearing from the minibar (some beer, pepsi and sprite), but after a call to the guest service, everything was solved.The landscapes are absolutely gorgeous. We loved the turtles that were roaming at the lakes.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	3	4	1	

<Author>beachlover007
<Content>Natura Park - vacation from hell! Natura Park ReviewWe (my husband, my 6 year old son and I) stayed at the Natura Park Resort from May 26th, 2007 to June 2nd, 2007.We have traveled to Punta Cana several times before, and it is safe to say 鈥?this was the worst vacation ever!!!!!!Here is our opinion of the resort and the (non-existing) customer service:Grounds: Beautiful landscape with lush greenery, lagoons, fish, flamingoes and, among other wild life, a bunch of geese. One of them, a large white male goose, viciously attacked my 6 year old son on the first day of our stay when we attempted to pass him on one of the walkways. The bird picked him so hard that he broke the skin in several places. Please do imagine the shock the child was under, since the bird, when aggravated and flapping his wings, was as tall as he was. Needless to say, I brought this unfortunate incident to the attention of the lady at the guest service desk 鈥?her response to me (in very broken English) was: This is an ECO Resort 鈥?Deal with it! I also voiced my complaint about the bird to the Apple Representative, who was told that the bird was very territorial and that management was aware that all vacationers as well as the staff were afraid of it. The only people capable of dealing with the animal were the ground keepers, since they had rakes, shovels etc. the defend themselves.We watched that bird attack 3 different people one evening within 10 minutes鈥? You tell me 鈥?is that something guests should be faced with as soon as they leave their room? Check In: Fast, again front desk staff spoke very little English.Rooms: Shabby, outdated and, above all, in bad repair. Toilet needed to get fixed sometimes twice daily, bathroom floor flooded, TV needed repair. Again, you need to walk all the way up to the reception to ask for maintenance, since if you try to phone the front desk or guest service, their English skills are not adequate to carry on a conversation.Pool: Dirty, even first thing in the morning.Food in the main Buffet Restaurant:Let me start by saying that we are animal lovers 鈥?but having birds sit in the scrambled eggs (and eating from it, of course) in the morning and subsequently walking through all the food platters is disgusting and definitely not improving anyone鈥檚 health. No wonder people were getting sick left and right. The food should have been covered up or one of the many staff members, just standing around involved in personal conversations could have chased the birds away.The food was tasteless, every day with no variety. They were also not very imaginative when it came to use up the leftovers from the day before. YUK. A la Carte Restaurants:First, they were just open one at the time, so if you were in the mood for seafood on Monday, you were out of luck since Monday the Steak House was open. Media Luna Restaurant (Steak House):We had a reservation for 6:30 PM and when we arrived on time, the wait staff was still setting up. They seated us, but didn鈥檛 even asked us if we wanted something to drink 鈥?never mind a menu 鈥?until well after 7:00 PM. When someone finally came to take our order, we asked for 2 beers and a 7-Up for our son. Not too difficult, one should think. We tried to order the Rib eye steak, which was not available that night and then settled for a Filet Mignon with mushrooms. Instead of mushrooms, the filet came buried under a mountain of onions 鈥?without any explanation. When after the meal we still hadn鈥檛 received our drinks (even though we had reminded the waiter repeatedly, we just got up and left. Staff is grossly incompetent.La Perla Restaurant (Snack bar during the day and seafood restaurant at night):Same incompetent wait staff from Media Luna the day before. Lobster was according to the waitress not in season so I ordered Shrimp pasta, which was the same pasta that is available at lunch with 3 shrimp on top. Very disappointing. My husband ordered the filet of sole, which was served under some saut茅ed veggies in aluminum foil. Lots of veggies 鈥?very little fish.Pasta Restaurant:We didn鈥檛 go since we anticipated the same lousy service and tasteless food.Entertainment: Nowhere to be found. No live music and the shows were marginal at best.Animacion: There were about 6 very disinterested people that gave us the impression they were just waiting for their shift to be over. Not much happening.Kids Club:This was the worst 鈥?we had picked this hotel since Apple vacations advertised a kid鈥檚 club from 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM.On our first day, I tried to take my son to the club and no employee showed up until 10:30 AM. I ended up leaving him at the kids club with a rather bored looking member of the animation team, who parked him in front of a TV and proceeded to put her feet up on a table and enjoy her book. To make matters worse, while sitting at the pool bar 鈥?we saw our son happily swimming towards us in the pool. Apparently, the girl didn鈥檛 understand she was to supervise the child until we would get back. Also, she informed us that the kid鈥檚 club was about to close for lunch from noon to 3:00PM!!!!!!!!!When I addressed the issue with the guest service clerk, I was again faced with an employee that spoke very little English and cared even less.So, if you have a child, stay far, far away from the Natura Park Hotel.Management:We tried to speak to the General Manager one evening about our concerns (that day that the toilet was still not working after they fixed it twice that day and the bathroom floor was flooded, we were told that it was dinner time and the manager was in the restaurant eating. We asked the front desk clerk to please call him and asked him to speak to us. The clerk even went downstairs to inform the GM, but no response. I was contacted the next day by guest services to make an appointment to finally speak with the GM 鈥?which I did. The appointment was set for 6:00 PM and when I got there (on time, of course) the GM was nowhere in sight. I was informed that he was on his way to the hotel and had car problems. Right! As we found out later, he used the same excuse for other unhappy guests that tried to speak with him.All in all, you can鈥檛 blame the staff for the less than marginal service 鈥?if management doesn鈥檛 care, why should they!This was by far our worst vacation ever 鈥?we will definitely never go back to the Natura Park Hotel.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	1	2	

<Author>Arisaig_Point
<Content>Great resort for our money       Spear fisherman speared a small shark when we were there!  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>aromes
<Content>an overall nice hotel I've just returned from a 1 week stay (14-18 May 2007) at Natura Park resort (Cabeza de Torro, Punta Cana). Overall, a recommendable and nice place: -Food 8/10buffet is ok (you get the same standard at such 4 star hotels of DR). Italian Restaurant (Gondola) has nice overall food ... kinda of fusion between Italian and popular european meals. La Media Luna has great Steaks (it's specialities). The sea food restaurant (La Perla) is just Ok (meals seem to lack a lil bit of flavor and the absence of variety of sea food -- no lobsters, no shrimps ... just fishes...when I was there -- was a lil drawback for what I would expect of a sea foo restaurant-Room 8/10Not luxurious (looks a lil bit old), but nice and clean. They put a lot of emphasis on wood.-Entertainment 4/10I found the entertainment at the pool and the one at the night show entertainment to be dumb and without any flavor. I am not sure if it's the same person (s) who entertain(s) at both places, but the hotel should replace him/or them on a heartbeat: bad songs of music, bad dancing (more like a tasteless go-go boy party at some occasions) the entertainer (s) seem cocky and self-entertained?? and that's at both the pool and the night show entertainment.Scenery 10/10: My style of hotel's scenery: discrete and well embedded in nature. With cute water lakes full of fishes,birds, bridges, gardens all around. Their lobby is lovely and cozy: wood ,marble, gres (sort of stone made of sand) at around. BeautifulBeach 7/10:The front beach has too much sea weed when I was there.I spent my time swimming at the left part of the hotel's beach (no sea weed, crystal clear water and no resort), BUT be very careful when you do that because too much sport-boats pass by and they are way too close to the beach border.Service,Customer attention 9/10:Perfect service at the lobby and from the entire staff. You can see that they were well trainned and are very professional (only the guy at the Gym + the night show entertainer + the swimming pool entertainner need a serious refresh in customer service).Special estrellas (stars) to:-Jose (at the towel-exchange booth).this gentleman is so entertainnning, fun that you'll forever remember him, believe me.-Rafael (bartender), Catalano (restaurant manager) are very professional, accomodating and devoted.I've been to all types of hotels (from the 5* Paradisus of Holguin, to some awesome Sandals, Accor, Iberostar, Melia hotels all around the globe), and I can safely say that Natura Park is a recommendable discrete nice cozy hotel ... they just need to improve the entertainment, add more flavour to their sea food restaurant and just buy the left side of their current beach location (if that's possible). PS: Big thumbs up to the travel carrier Sunwing since everything went well.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tanns
<Content>roach park we just returned from this resort and we hated this hotel -----their rooms needed updating , the food was thumbs down!!!!!!!!!!!! no lobster!!!!!! they said it was out of season???? and did i mention roaches in the room!!!!!! we were moved 2 times , and did i mention air condition--------that was a joke-----now lets talk about the grounds on this hotel----that is nice,and the beach was wonderful-------soooo if you don't care about the room or food and bugs , they you will enjoy-------------- we use apple vacation and it was rated a 4 Star. i feel this was a 2 or 3 Star.we left out of bwi airport.and it was a 7nt pkg and the cost was about $2000.00  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>1	3	1	2	1	1	3	-1	

<Author>VacationerMaine
<Content>Great Trip/travel tips We had a great vacation week at Natura Park and returned home on May 13th. We booked through AAA and they went through Apple vacations. The charter flight was direct and comfortable, with a movie and meal. I would travel with Apple again, they provide everything that their guests need. No worries! The buses were comfortable and air conditioned. Anytime we had a little problem at the hotel we mentioned Apple and the problem went away. When we arrived at the airport in Punta Cana our photo was taken with local women in bright dresses to purchase when we returned to the airport for departure for $8. So if you like that idea you may want to dress nicely, smile pretty, and have some cash with you when you return home to purchase it. The hotel was great. Many of the staff do not speak English but enough did that it was not a problem. The staff was friendly and helpful. Our room was nice with a big walk in closet and nice patio. Not a five star hotel but nice and clean. Each room has a safe for no extra fee and we used ours. They do not provide face cloths so you may want to pack some of those. The electricity in the room was not compatible with US plugs. They had mostly 220 outlets and one 110 in the bathroom but you need to bring an adapter to use US plugs in any of them. The adapters they sold in the gift shop were opposite what we needed so that was no help. There are no clocks in the rooms so you may want to bring a watch or travel alarm clock. A note about money: We brought traveller's checks but found them hard to use there. They could be cashed at the hotel for Dominican Pesos only with lots of ID and paperwork. The exchange rate was about 1 USD to 32 Pesos so the pesos were bulky to carry and didn't go far. US dollars were accepted and preferred everywhere so there was really no need to bother with the checks. Credit cards were only accepted for larger purchases. We brought lots of $1 and $5 for tippng and were glad we did. Next time we will bring more larger bills for shopping rather than planning to use ATM or travelers checks. The beach at the hotel was beautiful and the swimming excellent. There were beautiful fish to see under the water. Don't miss out on the snorkeling. A friend gave me a tip that worked really well. Fill an empty water bottle with bread then open it under water then watch the fish swarm you! It was so much fun that we bought a cheap underwater camera to photo the fish. You may want to bring one from home. We were surprised to learn that the water sports equipment was provided by another organization for the hotel. The staff at the water sport center were not very friendly and required a cash deposit before allowing us to use any equipment . The deposit for a snorkel and mask was $20 and no fins. We were required to return them in 1 hour even though they were not at all busy. I might have brought my own had I known. For the catamaran they first required payment for a lesson. The food was fine. Not gourmet, but we were not expecting that. The A-la-carte restaurants were good. The steak restaurant was our favorite. The tenderloin was better than the ribeye. We could only book each of the three restaurant once for our week stay but the buffets had lots of choices so we didn't mind. We read a tip from a few guests before our trip that suggested bringing a large cup to save trips to and from the bar for drinks and be more eco-friendly. That worked well for us. We brought the self insulated type that stay cool longer. We went to the beach after breakfast each day and had no trouble finding a beach chair with an umbrella. It was a pretty quiet week that we were there. The hotel had activities by the pool every day but we were just there for RR so didn't participate. There were many European guests on the beach so many women were topless. The beach has security all the time. Vendors do approach you when you are walking on the beach by all the hotels to offer to sell you excursions, timeshare tours, and lure you to their shops. They are polite and do leave you alone if you just tell them no thanks. The shops on the beach are fun to look in. The shop keepers don't take no for an answer though and will keep trying to make a deal until you leave.We booked one excursion through our Apple Rep to go to La Romana and Altos de Chavon. The Apple guides and bus drivers were great, but I wouldn't take that one again because it was far too much time on a bus. Altos de Chavon and the caves were fun but the boat ride was not great and the long time on the bus was tiring. It was interesting to learn about the country and we met some very nice people both Dominican and American. It is a very poor nation so tip well while you are there, and maybe bring some school supplies for a local school. If you are like me and always cold, don't bother packing sweaters because it is very hot there and all the hotel restaurants are open air. There is air conditioning in the bedrooms but it only brought the temp down to about 75. We had a great relaxing vacation at Natura Park and will definitely return again! My biggest decisions of each day were which bikini to wear and what the drink of the day would be. Now we are back to the work grind and wishing we were still there on the beach!  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marisal
<Content>April,27-May,4 2007. Way better than expected...       Beach  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>nessy-7
<Content>Nice stay       Desserts  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sanjoe
<Content>Lacking security We booked our trip on the Internet thru Sell Off Vacations and SunWing aircraft. We went to the Natura Park Resort in Punta Canta where our room was robbed on our second day there while we were at the pool. Stolen items were $80.Cdn. money, running shoes, toothpaste and my brand new reading glasses. It sure put a damper on our vacation. Do not buy the videos taken of excursions because when we got home the video only had music on it. Not the day excursion pictures that we were promised. We paid $40 US for it. We spent an evening at the police station that was not fun. The police do not come to the resort where the robbery occured and they insist that you go to the police station to file a report about 20 mins. away. The hotel security took us there and stayed with us and breught us back to the hotel. I would not recomend Punta Canta to anyone, when we were there we were not the only people who were robbed.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chipmunk_Cheeks27
<Content>Beautiful Location             Parasailing  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>RetiredJoe
<Content>Loved Natura Park Resort       Parasailing  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>jangnat
<Content>Loved the Natura Park       Pool  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Lakehuron
<Content>What a wonderful holiday!!!       On the catamaran from Saona Island  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	2	5	5	

<Author>RelaxedNewBrunswick
<Content>8 Happy New Brunswickers Punta Cana - Natura Park Beach - Eco Resort  SpaWe were a group of 8 ladies from New Brunswick looking for a relaxing vacation. We found it. We could not have had a better time. We were there March 26-April 2/07. The resort was very beautiful, very well maintained. You will not find a harder working staff anywhere. The rooms were great, very spacious and very clean. The maids did a great job. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The service was great . If there was a problem of any type it was corrected very promptly. The food was good. The buffet was very nice with so many selections even the most fussy person could find something they could eat. The pasta bar was great. Lots of fresh fruit and many desserts.The breakfast was very good with a smoothie bar and fresh omelets every morning and everything you could ever imagine and more.. The best a la cart was the steak restaurant. The other 2 not so good. The drinks were great and the bartenders were friendly. This is very important as we have found from other not so great trips. We didn't find any language barrier and none of us spoke Spanish. The pool was very nice, well kept and a good size. The beach was the best. The seaweed was raked up every day. Other resort beaches to the right of ours were not raked or looked after at all. Ours was by far the nicest and very well kept. Yes, you have to save a lounge chair early if you want to have a seat and or some shade for the day but there are lots of lounges and quite a few grass huts. There are two small bars right on the beach which was great. Bring your own thermal cup and they will gladly fill it for you. The beach grill was great. We had lunch there every day but one. We read some very bad reviews before we left and were a little concerned but honestly we cannot understand all of the complaints. It is a very relaxing and beautlful place. We would highly recommend it. But...it definately is not a swinging resort for young, party animals. Our ages range was 30ish to 60ish. In fact as a group, the only 2 areas of improvement we could see were the nightly entertainment. They really need some help in this area. And the other was that very seldom was there a bartender at the swim-up bar. However the bar above it was always open but its just a little special to swim up and sit and have a drink on your vacation. Regardless, it was a great vacation.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Care_t0_travel
<Content>Plenty of vitamin R (rhum of course) We just came back from a week stay; and it was more than we expected. Our arrival was prompt on time thanks to Sunwing, the hotel staff gave us information on the hotel and brought us to our room immediately after arrival. No waiting... Our first room had an odor of humidity; we right away went back to reception to ask for a room change. It was done immediately and they moved us to another room with a king size bed. The grounds keeping are clean and tidy; the staff are always working and they look like busy bees... The bars are great, very generous in the vitamin R; you can ask for any drink we suggest the Coco Feliz or the Coco Loco. Don't forget your mug; keep in mind the environment !!! Food... what can we say... plenty for everyone's taste. We certainly did not go ungry. And we recommend that you try the steak house; the sirloin steak was cooked to perfection. Great settings with the pink flamingos all around the restaurant. The beach is nice; it is cleaned up every morning for the seaweed; you must reserve a hut early moring like before 7:00 am. People do not sleep in... you may even encounter a tourist that race you for a spot...if you want to be in the shade. If you want to lay in the sun all day; there are many chairs that is not the problem. Pool is nice and clean. Staff is courteous and respectful; they want to make sure you have a good time but they are not pushy to force you in activities. Our only complaints are: the shows and our bed. If you are going for the night shows don't expect too much; they try their best. Our bed was hard as a rock. Excursions: a must go is Saona Island and catamaran. We had a great time; beautiful ocean and vitamin R for all. We also did the shopping tour; the shopping tour includes a visit of a rhum factory (don't expect a big facotry it looks more like a bootleging outfit, then they bring you to an outside shopping plaza and after to the supermarket. It was worth it for the supermarket stop for purchasing coffee, vanilla and rhum. Otherwise we found out that the vendors that come to the hotel on Tuesday and Thursday have better prices than the plaza vendors. Be prepaired to bargain like almost a third of what they are asking and then you meet almost in the middle. They accept american and domincan pesos. It was a safe excursions and it gives you a good ideas of how the locals live. It is a peaceful resort; if you are looking for disco and rock  roll this is not the resort for you. You may take the disco excursions at night but we did not do it. Our check out was as easy as the check in. No surprises. Thanks to Sunwing our arrival was on time and our return was 45 min. early. Great service all around.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Southshorer
<Content>Resort a Real Treat We left Halifax Mar. 31/2007 and spent 7 wonderful days at Natura Park. The check in was quick and efficent and our bags were delivered to the room within 10 mins. as we were told. The Buffet was excellent with plenty of choices, and what was to be hot was hot and what was to be cold was cold. We only did 2 of the A La Carte's the Steak house with the best beef tenderloin we have ever had, so good that we did some dealing to get a secound night there. The Seafood resturant at the beach was also well done the only down fall as far as the resort stay was the misquito's on the last two nights mainly due to the wind dying out and the air becoming calm. But a little planing on our part and a trip back to the room for bug dope and all was well.If only the whole vacation had gone so well but our return was not at all what we had expected. Sunwing airlines definitely needs to have a look at their contingency plans when an aircraft is diverted to another airport due to a snow storm. As Debbie from Halifax had mentioned in a previous review we were left in Moncton airport from 8:30 pm Apr. 07/2007 till 5:00 am on Apr/08, 2007. Then after all that wait for the supposed busses we were told were still coming we were given a hotel room for 4 hrs. before we were told to be ready to return to Halifax via School Buss at 9:00 am. We also did not appreciate the threat that if we took the Hotel room we would have to find our own way back to Halifax! I wonder how Sunwing plans on gaining more share of the market to the Dominican if this is the way they treat their paying passengers..Lew  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Larz1of1
<Content>OK if you are Str8 We are two gay men traveling together. We travel together quite often and have stayed at various resorts. This one was OK, if you don't mind cold food, that is served daily. Each day the food is basically the same, only a few things change. The one thing that is constant is the temperature of the food. If you are a family or a straight couple, I am sure you are going to have a good time here. However there is homophobia, and not among the other guests of the hotel who are just fine, but the staff itself. We were sat at dirty tables a number of times when there were lots of clean tables all around us. Finally we made a fuss, and there was no apology at all, just a Yes, we will sit you somewhere else.Our room was kept quite clean, and we did have a very good maid. Her name was Judit, and she was very friendly with us and very accommodating.The ala carte restaurants leave a lot to be desired, however you do have to consider the fact that this is a cheap place to stay. The entertainment was average, nothing special, the drinks were watered down despite what everyone is saying. If you want a bit of faster service at the bars, a US $1. will take you a long way. It is amazing how many people do not leave any kind of tip and still expect to get any kind of service.The buffets were, well buffets. The usual that people do when there is free food. Run, grab, push each other around, eat with your fingers right off the trays, shovel it in, fight for more. It just seems that anywhere you go, any kind of manners take a back seat to free food.I would not go back to this resort again. But like I said, if you are straight, you are very likely to get a warmer reception.If you are not, may I suggest Mexico for your next trip, where the attitudes are not quite so provincial.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	5	1	2	-1	

<Author>reina5
<Content>Great Value - Great Place Like the rest of you i was a bit worried about our stay here at Natura after reading the reviews on this website and after finding that it was only a 4 apple thru Apple vacations. However, this place should be a 5! We really enjoyed our stay at Natura. Its in a great location, only 25 minutes from the airport and they have a huge stretch of beach. We were pleasantly suprised on how nice it was. The hotel is very nice, a bit older than some of the other resorts but nice non the less. The grounds were great, never saw a bug, never got sick and boy did those guys do their best to get the seaweed up. I realized the amount of seawead is all based on the weather too. But they were out there every morning / evening cleaning it up. The people were all very friendly and did their best to try to communicate with you. I don't know why some of the other reviews were so bad????? You kinda get sick of the buffett food after 8 days but that will happen at any all-inclusive resort. Our apple rep was great and she helped us out on one of our excursions that we took. I would HIGHLY, HIGHLY recommend the SAONA ISLAND excursion. What a great day! Even the hour or so bus ride I enjoyed since you can learn about their culture both visually  thru the tour guide. It really was a great trip. I guess my only complaint and it really isn't a complaint was that there is only one pool and it was on the smaller side. However, with the size of the hotel and the size of the pool you never really felt like it was over crowded. It was spring break when we were there and I was very happy to not find a lot of children or spring breakers there! :) It was our first time in Punta Cana and our first time at Natura and for the cost  value you really can't go wrong! I would highly recommened it to all! Enjoy your stay!!!!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>DebbieDHalifax
<Content>Great Resort - Terrible Service From Sun Wing Arrived at Natura on Mar.31 in the p.m. - 5 of us which included 2 children. Pleasant service, beautiful lay out, clean rooms, all greatly appreciated after a long day of travelling. Like others, we were pleased to see how wrong some of the previous bad reviews were. This was one of the nicest family resorts I've been too..and believe me, I've been to one not so nice...not half as nice as Natura. Would definitely go back. Beach was beautiful, pool was small but was perfect for us with the children - never out of our sight. Entertainment and activities for all...nightly shows were a bit cheesy but fine....can't comment on what happened past the shows as we were in the sack and up early for another beautiful day at the beach (or pool). Food was fine too...plenty to choose from especially for the kids who are normally picky eaters. Now on to the bad...stay away from Sun Wing!!!!! Should've known we'd be getting terrible service right from the start when our flight times were changed 2 times before we even left Hfx. On the way back home on Apr. 7th, we were re-routed due to a snow storm, from Hfx to Moncton..once there, we were left on our own to fend for ourselves...sat in the airport from 8:30 p.m. until 4:00 a.m. the next day, then demanded to be put up in a hotel like the hundreds of other re-routed passengers who were smart enough to go with another airline....Sun Wing had no one contact us, couldn't be reached in any way possible. By 3:00 a.m., we had airport staff track someone down (in Toronto).... were making offers that were ridiculous i.e. find your own way back to Hfx if you didn't want to drive back to Hfx in a snow storm in 4 clunky school buses (which never did arrive at the airport like we were told by the way) ....absolutely absurd..meanwhile, lucky travellers from other co's were flown back to Hfx by 9:00 a.m. the next day. Sun Wing rep. was finally contacted by phone from the hotel the next day - no help at all.....we found him with the help of a fellow passenger and the hotel front desk clerk but by then (after 11:00 a.m.) because we were all exhausted and told there were no other accommodations to be made, we climbed aboard...thank goodness we had great bus drivers ...trust me when I say once again (with support from appx. 70 other people)...stay away from Sun Wing!!!!!! There are plenty more details of the horrible service but not enough space here to write....stay away from Sun Wing!!!!!! It was the worse possible way to end an excellent vacation at Natura...I'll definitely go back to Natura but next time it won't be with Sun Wing.Take your family and enjoy the wildlife roaming the walkways...it'll be a great time!Debbie from NS  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>acadientraveler
<Content>great place for your money What a great resort .We arrive March 15 around 11:00am or so. Rooms weren't ready so we left our luggage at the front entry and hit the bar. Got our rooms around 2pm. Put the luggage in the rooms and hit the beach to explore. Don't understand where those negative reviews come from. This resort is great. Rooms were large and very clean. Buffet had a lot of choices and very good. All 3 A LA Carte was great so was the service. Lots of seaweeds but they do a great job cleaning it up. We did tip them and boy was our spot clean. What a great bunch of people. We did the Saona Island trip. What a great day the speed boat ride back was a ride from hell but we manage to laugh all the way got off the boat soak and wet.What an experience. Juan Carlos took us to Santo Domingo we took a taxi . Edwardo the driver was a great guy. We had a wonderful day. Just the 6 of us in the taxi drinking Preisdente what else can you ask for.$50.00US each.We thought that was reasonable. Left the resort at 7:30am arrived back at 8:00pm. We did have to get up early around 6:00am to get chairs at the beach but at 7:30am there still were some left . We are early risers so that does not bother us. I would definitly go back to this resort.Pablo at the front desk was great.If you need something just go and see him.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>missmonroe_62
<Content>loved it! My family and I (ages 13, 20, 40, 38 ) stayed at Natura EcoResort  Spa, and I must say, after reading these reviews i was a little nervous! Surprisingly, it was WONDERFUL! I would highly reccommend it! It was absolutely beautiful! When we arrived, check out was smooth, the rooms clean and enjoyable, and the staff very nice and inviting. During our 7 day stay, I don't think we walked past a staff member once without them saying hola or buenas dias. We were really worried about the food since so many of the reviews were really bad. We actually preferred the buffet, which was very attractive and we could all choose something we liked (there were 2 buffets, the one near the beach was not as nice as the one near the lobby). There was quite a selection of food, my faves were fruit, the breads and dessert! ...and the drinks were not watered down! The three ala carte restaurants were good too but we preffered the buffet... since our options were limited. The beach was spectacular... a tiny bit of seaweed but that did not stop us from snorkeling! (This depends on the time of year, and it cleared in a few days). The nightly entertainment was funny ( celebrity impressions/ performances/ couples trivia and dancing). The animacion crew was always recruiting everyone to join games, bingo, ping pong and other contests... you will love the CHOCOLATE dance! I do not have anything bad to say other than we did have to get up early and reserve the beach chairs/ cabanas at 6 am. I would def. reccommend this resort, we had a blast!* we were surprised at the prices! for such a poor country they were sure high! (haggle, haggle, haggle! at the shops not the lobby store )*a little spanish goes a long way* tipping is greatly appreciated (even though it may be all inclusive, these people earn about $150 US dollars/ month)* if you are there thru apple vacations, attend the 1st meeting, you find much useful info, our apple advisor, Shakira was very helpful.*feed the fish and the flamingos after breakfast :)  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>buddyParis
<Content>Magnifico Nutura Park Just got back from a wonderful holiday. Read some of the above reviews before leaving . Have to admit, they had us a little worried.The food was great,eat when it just comes out and of course it will be hot. Treat the people that work there with respect and they will be as respectful. All our needs were well taken care of when ever we asked for any kind of help.Our room was well kept. Throw towels in bath tub to get clean ones. They will eventually bring them that day.The see weed was cleaned up so fast, it wasnt a problem. If you wanted a palapa...u have to get one btwn 5 and6. Put a towel on it and go back to bed. That was what everyone else did.I was in Peurta Plata last year and Natura Park is more for a quiet, relaxing vacation. I dont have much to complain about. I did see many really rude vacationers.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>95oRANGEcRUSH
<Content>Wonderful time had by all!! Myself and my two friends ( all 23 years old) traveled to this resort the 17th of March thru the 24th of March. I can speak basic Spanish, while both of my friends knew nothing in Spanish. Knowing simple phrases like I want, please, hi, how are you?, thanks, etc really goes along way. Some of the staff (bartenders, front desk, Entertainment staff) spoke quite a bit of English, however, making an attempt to speak Spanish will definitely earn you respect from the staff. So climb out of your shell a bit, remember it's vacation, and have fun trying new things.Let me say that we experienced none of the problems that some of the other reviewers had on here. I don't know if these people are royalty (sarcasm) or if they are normally crabby people to begin with, but, I find their reviews to be highly (read: overtly over dramatic) of their 'horrible' time. During our week at Natura Park the guests were primarily from various European countries. Spain, Italy, France, etc. I thought Americans were rude, but, it turns out that the people from Euro nations were horrible. They would cut in line at the buffet and showed no courtesy to others. This was the only drawback to our trip, so if you have little patience for others be forwarned!!The food was fine. I have a sensitive stomach. I took a new bottle of Pepto with me and never had to open it. Take Immodium or Pepto just in case, everybody reacts differently to changes in their diet. The buffet had all kinds of foods, enough to conquer the hunger of even the pickiest eaters. You can get smoothies at breakfast in the morning that are made from fresh fruit. They have chefs during the meals to make omelets to your liking, carve beef, etc. There is a chef on the beach who makes lunch daily and it is delicious!! My buddy had quite a time feasting on ribs one afternoon!! A la carte dinners were ok. Lobster was ok, steak ok. The staff try really hard to make it an elegant time, so be respectful and appreciate their efforts. Our hotel room (1132) was located in patio 11, I'm pretty sure. The room had two double beds, clean bathroom, fullsize couch, color tv, tile flooring, etc. Our room was ground level and the patio looked out over a nicely manicured lawn and landscaping. We tipped our maid $2/day and she kept our room spotless. Our beds were made and had some type of flower poking out on top which was a nice touch! Room was fine; no ants or roaches! Plus, they have a pest control team that sprays weekly for insects, so don't worry about bugs. Daytime and Nightime entertainment were a blast. Yes, it is not Vegas quality entertainment, but, it is what you make of it! If you want to be grumpy and hate the entertainment then that is your choice, but we had a blast with the entertainment staff. They encourage you to participate and try to get you involved. Remember, it is vacation, let loose and have fun! The grounds are very well taken care of. Any trash you see laying around is from the tourists, NOT THE DOMINICANS!! So do your part and keep paradise beautiful. Oh, and about paradise. The week we went it was 95 and sunny everyday!! Bring lots of sunblock and a bottle of aloe gel. Anything you don't protect will get burnt!! This isn't like going to Florida or Myrtle Beach, you're much closer to the Equator and the sun is much hotter and stronger!! There is a breeze all day and night which makes it very nice.Now, seeing as we are 23 and finishing college you know we did some drinking. The beers in the hotel room (Quesaquia, spelling is off) are not too good. After 1 or 2 it is fine, but not great. The Presidente beer is pretty good, in my opinion. Tastes close to Budweiser. Mixed drinks are a dime a dozen, meaning they know quite a variety to make. Almost all of the mixed drinks contain rum, and their rum is very good and strong!! It will take several drinks to feel the effects of the alcohol, so drink up and be happy! Francesco is the bartender in the second level of the pool bar. He is a great bartender, so try everything the menu offers!! Tips are another area of concern with travelers. Remember, tips are included in your all-inclusive. However, if you see what the country looks like outside of the resort you will realize that you should do a little tipping to be generous. How much is up to you, but I did the following. Tipped the maid $2/day, bartender(s) $1-2 every other or every 3rd trip to the bar, a la carte dinners $2-3. How much is up to you so plan accordingly. There is no hurry in the Caribbean. So please, don't be that antsy and impatient person demanding room service bring you towels right away or whatever demands you may think need to be met immediately. The staff takes their time, and a common expression you will hear is Ok, no worries. For example, our maid only left 2 towels after cleaning our room and we needed 3. I politely told her and she said another 5 minutes and we would get another one. 5 minutes came and went, so we went to the beach and did our thing without worrying about the towel. When we came back later to take our showers there were 3 towels. And that is exactly the mentality you should have. Leave school, work, and other problems where you come from and enjoy your trip. Not only will you get more out of your trip, but others will enjoy theirs a little more, too. Always barter with the vendors about a mile down the beach and to the right. They will throw a high price at first, but will usually sell for less than half of the initial price. When looking out at the ocean, turn left and walk 1-2 miles down. The swimming is much better where it is a sandy bottom and you can get right next to some small reef systems and see many colorful saltwater fish. Also, take a few bread rolls from the outside buffet by the beach at lunch and go out in the water and feed the fish. It is quite the experience!! Check out the marinarium adventure if you want to snorkel and swim with sting rays and nurse sharks; very fun!!This is not a good place to go if you are single between the ages of 16-30 and looking to find romance. It is primarily a baby boomer crowd and young families. However, if you want a great place to unwind then this is it.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>jbizou
<Content>excellent               
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>user401104
<Content>Nice beach...shabby hotel and poor service I basically feel that the resort staff is very poor. The beach was excellent, the food was passable, but the service was poor or non-existent. No AC in the room. After 3 calls, we were finally visited (2 days later) and told it was what it was. No better. The bed was like cement.When checking out, we called for our bags to be brought up to the desk. We were told  5 minutes, he will be there... 1 1/2 hours later we decided to carry them ourselves. Not that we are decadent Americans who don't like to carry our own bags...it's just that there is a flight of 30 stairs to get up to the desk, and they use a golf cart and service road, so why not let them do it.Room was also dated and shabby. There was a set of 6 drawers in the closet. ALL were broken. TV...broken. Bathroom...ok. Doors and windows....shabby and not secure. I could have pushed in the room door with my shoulder. I risked leaving nothing valuable in the room.Don't be deceived...the pool is quite small (smaller than the picture would lead one to believe.)I have tavelled the world, and stayed at all-inclusives such as: Sandals, Iberostars, Club Med...this trip was a last minute decision and a deep regret. I would NEVER stay here again and will warn friends against the place. I also will let the travel agent have an earful because she swayed us toward this place.GG, New York  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	-1	4	1	2	-1	-1	

<Author>travelbugnb
<Content>Wonderful vacation March 29We just returned from Natura Park Beach what a wonderful time we had. We were three women and we had a blast. The park is beautiful and the beach is awsome. We didn't spend much time in the pool there was no need with a beach that beautiful. The food was great with lots to eat. The a la carte were not to bad but if you really like your meat cooked well which we do you really have to tell them more than once. We didn't really care for the Steak House but we heard a lot of people say that they really liked it. The buffet was awsome with everything there that you could think of. The rooms were really nice and the service was great the only problem we had was getting face cloths we had to ask everyday but that was a small complant. Our sunwing rep. J.C. was excellent he did everything he could to help you and we really liked him. We had brough some things for childern and J.C. took us to a local school so we could give the stuff to the teacher and see what the childern were up to. They are so cute.When you go to the beach and you walk to the right up the beach a little ways there is a market and that is fun to go and see. The people are fun to talk to and they try to tell you that there prices there are cheeper than walmart it was funny. If you turne to the left and walk a little ways the beach is just beautiful. There are three guys down that way that are set up and are selling stuff we bought a lot of stuff from them. They are so nice.The evening shows were pretty good we took in most or the shows there was a lot of dancing. We had no trouble with our tummies or anything else. Our vacation was great and we would diffentily return to this resort. Go with an open mind and enjoy the nature there are all kinds of birds and fish it is beautiful and clean. Treat people the way you would like to be treated and you will not have any problem.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NovaScotiaSimply
<Content>Loved Saona hold on to your Digital could be a bumpy ride We were there from Mar15-24. Great weather. I was dreading the food however was pleasantly surprised. It was great compared to what I've had in Cuba. Give me Cuba's beach anyday over Punta Cana though. We were very disappointed.Too much seaweed. Go to the left of the beach for serenity.Property was spectacular. Staff were awesome. Asked for an upgrade and got it. They were very accomodating.Hope you're an early riser!! If you want a chair and a hut prepare yourself!! My husband was up every morning @ 5:30 and was barely able to get either or. Not a way you want to spend your vacation.Drinks,food very plentiful.Now Saona. Absolutely gorgeous but be careful!!! The rum they serve on the catamaran can be dangerous(: Hold on to your camera. We lost ours in the Caribbean. One drink too many I guess LOL. We met some great folks from Cape Breton, PEI and New Brunswick. They took lots of shots and one family Meggie,Nettie and Randy lent us their camera to recapture some of our lost photos. Thanks guys!!All in all it was great. Next year we're trying La Romana, close to Saona. Beach was amazing!!Gracia Valentina!!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Missssurf
<Content>Wonderful week! I was at Natura Park Hotel from march 11 to march 18 and I had wonderful time and a very good experience. The hotel is very good, the ground are wonderful: a lot of lake, smalls bridges, a big variety of flowers and trees and a lot of birds. The beach is also very beautiful. The sand is white and you can walk a long time on an almost desert beach. When is windy you will find some seaweeds but the hotel clean it many time a day.If you like the nature you will be served! The food is very good and I don't understand why some people wrote that it was horrible. Every day the buffet offer different kind of food. It have food for every taste! The a la carte restaurants are excellent! The service in the three restaurants is very good despite what the people said that the Italian restaurant has a slow and bad service...it was very fast and the servers are very nice. If you go at the seafood restaurant take the langouste bisque and the langouste! It was so good and it's free! I travelled in many place in caribean before and it's the only hotel I went where is was free. The grill restaurant is good but it was not my favorite... but the restaurant has a very nice and romantic atmosphere. The rooms are very nice. The ceilling and the doors are in wood and the room is very clean. For sure I will recommand this hotel to my friend. I had such a good time! If you want to relax it's the perfect hotel.I hope my review will help you and I'm sorry if I did some english mistakes...I'm from Quebec! lol  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>vylent
<Content>Very nice hotel and beach, friendly staff, disappointing a la carte restaurants We booked our trip through USA3000 Vacations who is affiliated with Apple Vacations. I do not know if we saved any money, but we received all the perks that the people who travelled with Apple Vacations received.At the Punta Cana International Airport, you have to pay $10 as an Airport fee. (If you book with Apple, you do not have to pay the $20 departure fee, but everyone else, you will have to pay the $20 when leaving).After the bus ride to the hotel, we arrived at 12:30, but had to wait around for half an hour till we got our room. The front desk people are very nice, especially the women. We got stuck with some young guy who had no idea what we were saying.The rooms are nice and clean. We brought $200 in singles with us, and it helped with the tipping and the bargaining (change carries some weight with the vendors).The beach is nice, and the entertainment guys are really nice as well. The staff is always smiling and singing random songs as they day goes by. The bars are very limited, but the local rum (barcelo) isnt that bad. In fact, we brought some back with us.Now the only part that was disappointing was the seafood a la carte restaurant. There are only 3, and since we only stayed 7 nights, they only allowed us to book 2. The people Apple book the restaurants for you, so that you dont have to go through the hassle, but if you want to change the reservations, the guest services desk is really nice and will help you out.We booked our excursions through the Apple rep, and went on a 4x4 trip around some of Punta Cana and went to Saona Island which looks like paradise in the middle of no-where. Both of the trips were well worth it.Just a few things to check: 1. Tip everyone you acquire services from, you will notice how much they appreciate it and they will take good care of you. 2. For souveneirs, dont go to the hotel gift shop. Walk down the beach to the right where there are some shops. It is a bit high pressure, but you can bargain for just about anything. 3. Take some excursions, you will want to get out of the resort atleast once. 4. Avoid late night reservations, thats when we were very weary of the food at the a la carte restaurant.All in all, it was a pretty good place, and I would come back to Punta Cana, but I would want to experience another hotel.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>thunder-7
<Content>welcome to punta cana Welcome to Punta CanaJust to start out I want to let you know that we werea party of 6.We bought our package through Sunwing and did not have any problems with the flight or Natura Park. Upon arrival to the hotel at 12:00 pm ( we did know prior to arrival) that we could not check in till 3:00. But Pablo a gentleman working the front desk took care of us he got us our rooms in 15 minutes (we did not tip him extra for the rooms early) and 5minutes later we had our rooms and started to unpack. The rooms are not luxurious but were clean and a nice balcony. The grounds are beautiful with ponds and lots of birds and fish.( Always being worked on.) Half hour later we were on the beach and were very pleased with the beach.(some seaweed but cleaned up daily). Only on the beach a short time we had a independant tour vendor approach us with tour packages. His name was Hectorwe booked deep sea fishing excursion through him (for 2 days later) $70.00 a person and $80.00 deposit. I hoped that we did not lose our money but we trusted him and he was true to his word. We enjoyed the fishing(1 marlin) but saw a couple of whales and a shark. We booked other tours with Hector saved alot of money and enjoyed every trip. ( you can trust him)We found that all of the staff were very friendly and polite. There was a language barrier but you could always get them to understand what you wanted. ( staff always smiling and friendly)We loved our trip to Punta Cana and plan to visit next year and will once again stay at Natura Park. 2 big thumbs up to Punta Cana and Natura Park. A huge THANK-YOU to Hector!!!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OhioUSATman
<Content>Got what we paid for.... Nice resort, great beach area, Excellent staff made for a pleasent and relaxing vacation for my wife and I. After reading many of the negative reviews we were very worried. We arrived on March 3rd and stayed for 7 days. We arrived before noon and were told that we would not have a room until after 2pm. After asking several times we finally got checked in around 3pm, very frustrating after an already long day! I blame that on Apple and not the resort.The room were not that great. They all seem to be somewhat worn out but clean. The balcony was nice overlooking the lagoon but you didn't dare open the door too much as the air conditioner struggled to keep the somewhat small room cool. We were just OK with the room, but not impressed. If you are looking for luxury, not the place to be.The pool was small but nice, the beach was beautiful! We spent 6-8hrs a day on the beach. Usually got our chairs by 8am with no problem, earlier if you wanted a better choice. And beware, the sun is very intense and you will burn quickly!The grounds were well kept and very peaceful, got some great photos of the wildlife and the landscape.All 3 ala carte restaurants were excellent, wish we could have eaten there every nite and skipped the buffet! We never got sick from the food but we were very selective when choosing. The food is almost never hot when it should be and unfortunately never cold when it should be either. It just seems to sit out much too long and being in the warm climate.... well, you can see where this is going. So my advise get to the buffet early and if it you aren't sure, don't eat it! The bars were all good the bartenders and waitresses were very friendly and seemed to always remember what we were drinking and for a couple bucks took even better care of you.The gift shop was quite expensive. And very limited.Unfortunately we had a late departure and could not get a late checkout at the resort. We had to be out of the room at 12 and did not leave for the airport until 6pm. They stored our luggage in a usually unsecured room and the hospitality shower room was a mess with no hair dryers or outlets to plug one in.Our Apple rep was great, she took very good care of us and had some real good tips for our stay. So do take the time to listen to her.The language barrier was never a problem and we speak no spanish but brought a small book of phrases which did help.We did notice that many of the guests were quite rude to the staff and also other guests, not sure what the reason for that was. I myself do not have much patience for rude people.We did meet an awesome couple from Canada and it helped to make the stay even more enjoyable. We enjoyed their company.Over all it was a nice experience and we feel we got what we paid for. We loved Punta Cana and would definately return but both agree we would spend the extra money and go 5 or 6 stars next time. Natura Park was a good value for the money. Not a luxury resort.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	3	4	3	

<Author>parcos
<Content>Where you DON'T go for a vacation!!! This horrible experience began with a simple idea for a group of 8 friends to share a vacation in the Caribbean. We initially made our own reservations for a weekend stay at the resort and made multiple calls both before the trip, upon arrival to the country and again the day before we drove to the resort. The hotel staff confirmed our reservations each instance we called. Not until we arrived at the hotel early in the afternoon did we find out the staff there had LIED to us!!! They had given, yes given away our rooms which were reserved months ahead of time, to a tour group!!!! Even as we repeated our claims time and time again to staff at the reservation desk we were ignored and at one instance even told to shut up. They would not even give us the opportunity to speak to a manager, who according to them was not at the hotel that day. Finally after over an hour they found an assistant manager who admitted they lied to us each time we called to confirm. As we waited for the manager we saw multiple guests of the hotel approach the counter with their own complaints. They ranged from bugs in their rooms to bathrooms that didn't work and the staff did little to accommodate them. This experience left a nasty taste in our mouth the rest of the time there. In the end we were sent to another resort and no restitution for the lost day and aggravation. To sum up the staff are rude and unapologitic aswell as liers, and from the sounds of it the facilities are deteriorating. Don't bother going! You'll risk your piece of mind for a relaxing vacation.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	1	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>mjr3
<Content>Wonderful time had by all I just got back March 9th after visiting Natura Park in Punta Cana. I traveled with my husband and 2 friends. IT WAS AMAZING!!!For starters we booked with Apple Vacations through a travel agent and this was so easy. The apple lady at the resort was so helpful. She made our reservations for the Ala Cartes so we didn't have to worry about it. First the hotel: Beautiful. Extremely clean. the beds were a little hard but I still could sleep. I loved the balcony and sitting each morning. We tipped the maid everyday and she kept our mini bar always stocked and we always had extra towels. The grounds are beautiful and well landscaped.2nd the Beach: Beautiful.. The ocean is so calm and I actually swam in it everyday. Very safe for kids. The seaweed was always cleaned up especially in front of us b/c my girlfriend with us was laying topless and he kept checking her out. I believe we had the cleanest part of the beach. My husband and I loved to lay on the beach at night. Also we did not get up early to reserve a chair and we always got one at 10am when we went down on the beach. also to the left if you keep walking their is a beautiful place to swim.3rd the food.....Always something for everyone to eat. I did not like any of the sodas they had to drink.. Mixed drinks were excellent. Flavio and Sandro were the best bartenders ever!!!!!!!The steak house was incredible. I had filet mignon.. However the only downfall I did get diarrhea the last day there and I couldn't eat which made for a hard plane ride when you live in the lavatory. The buffet was beautiful and the waiters Pedro and Bruno were so kind and always knew what to bring us to drink.Tidbits........Check in was a breeze. The wildlife on the resort amazing. Beautiful vacation for the price. Nightlife limited. Good family resort. Shows cute. Aneudys was a wonderful entertainer. The workers at the resort work so hard and long hours they are there all day into the night. They greatly appreciate the small tips my husband gave them.. Language was not a barrier b/c my husband and one of my girlfriends were fluent in spanish. That helped. BEST VACATION EVER... IN FACT PLAN ON GOING BACK IN OCTOBER AT THE SAME PLACE. IF YOU ARE GOING THERE YOU WILL LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>PatToronto
<Content>Lush grounds at Natura Park....but.... After reading many negative reviews about this resort, I thought some people do exaggerate鈥RONG..WRONG..WRONG鈥he negative reviews were well founded. My boyfriend and I stayed at Natura on Feb. 20-27. Here is my take on the resort.GROUNDS 鈥?Absolutely beautiful. Well maintained, lush, greenery, fish in the lagoons, ducks, swans and flamingos..very, very pretty.CHECK IN- Very fast, very pleasant鈥?and then..we were greeted by long staircase going down to the bar/dining room area which is the walkway leading to the rooms. Try carrying heavy suit cases down the stairs鈥ot pleasant! Don鈥檛 bother waiting for the elevators, they never worked when we were there. ROOMS 鈥?After changing rooms 3x (do not get ground rooms because if it rains (and it will 鈥?torrential down pours), most of those ground rooms get water-we had 2鈥?of water in our bathroom) so we got a room on 2nd floor, spacious king bed, very nice in building XII. We had a balcony overlooking the lagoon, very pretty. But it was a little inconvenient to go to the pool or beach as it was not close. Try buildings X or IX, then you are near the pool..but then you are far away from lobby/bar/main dining area. The resort is not too big but it is spaced too far apart (i.e. pool/beach vs. lobby/lobby bar/shows/main dining area)..POOL 鈥?Not very clean, small but ok. You have to get up by 7am to get a decent chair by the pool. If you are later than that, good luck getting a chair鈥ame goes for the beach.BEACH 鈥?A lot of seaweed, the grounds people did their best but it was a lot to keep up with. I think it there was a lot of seaweed because it was raining at night so in the morning it had washed up shore.VENDORS 鈥?If you walk down the beach (where the Allegro Hotel is located) you will find vendors that you can bargain with. Typical souvenir stuff鈥ut price is ok. There are vendors that come to the hotel 2x a week but they are too pricey. I think it鈥檚 just the same guys that are on the beach and the jack up the price just because they come to the hotel. They never tell you what their price is..they just ask you how much you want to pay. I HATE THAT!FOOD in main dining buffet 鈥?Horrible. I got sick the 4th day I was there and was scared to eat or drink anything for the rest of my vacation. I basically just ate bread with butter. Everything tasted the same鈥O TASTE. The breakfasts weren鈥檛 any better. BEACH BUFFET 鈥?A lot of people got sick from the food near the beach/pool area and I can see why. Everything was out in the hot weather. I did not eat anything there except from the soft icecream machine (when it was working that is).A-LA-CARTE RESTAURANTS 鈥?(Seafood/Steak/Italian) 鈥?Need reservations. Very good. Why can鈥檛 they have that type of food in the buffet??ENTERTAINMENT 鈥?They had a live band that played Dominican music all the time. VERY LOUD, you could not carry on a conversation as the music was very loud. Entertainment was a 4 women, 2 men just dancing to that same music every night. After the 3rd night of drowning out our ear drums, we didn鈥檛 even bother going to see the shows. ANIMACION TEAM 鈥?Not much of a team. I only saw 2 guys there trying to do all the work and not too many people participated in the activities.WOULD I RETURN AGAIN??? 鈥?No. I would not even return to Punta Cana. I was not impressed at all.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>skinnerhack
<Content>Excellent Resort As promised before I went on the trip I would provide some feed back as to our experience. We stayed at the Natura Park Resort from Feb/15 until Mar/1/07. We decided to go to this resort on the recommendations from our travel agent as he had taken his family there a couple years ago and had a great experience. We travelled with Sunwing vacations and although we were 2 hrs. delayed on take-off because of a snow storm we still managed to arrive on time as they made up the difference in the air. Our sunwing representative was Juan Carlos and he did an excellent job throughout the vacation from booking golf trips to day excursions and they all went without an issue. Just so you know we travelled as a group of five, My wife, 18yr. old son, 10 yr. old daughter and a 4yr. old son.  I can also say that after I had booked our trip and had stumbled onto the Trip advisory report and read some of the stories I was a little scared, but this turned out to be probably the best vacation we have ever had! The seeweed in the 1st week was a bit of a problem but they had people raking it all day everyday to try and stay on top of it, the second week there were no issues it was all cleared up, and a 100% better! The food was awesome...and so much of everything it would be very hard not to find something that you like. Breakfest was awesome, omellets, fresh fruit, pancakes, french toast and absolutely everything else you could possibly want. As a precaution with kids and all we took all kinds of medicines with us, childrens tylenol, Immodium, graval, afterbite, anti malaria...and we all got vaccinated for Hep A/B before we left. Well I can honestly say that although we all took the anti-malaria meds, we never required any of the rest of the meds and we gave it all to the workers at the hotel. They were all very thankful!. We went snorkelling and it was great to see all the vibrant coloured fish....but the best of all was the trip to Saona island, it was a little expensive for all five us to go $340.00 US but it was worth every cent, and I would highly recommend that if you only did one day trip that this would be something that you would always remember! I can't say enough about the workers...they were awesome, we had so much fun playing the poolside games that we became good friends with them all and to this day we all are still talking about them. If you go please look for a tall thin guy nicknamed (spaghetti) then there is Maria, Melvin, (Tiger Woods) Havier, Elizabeth . If you get a chance please tell them that Steve and Toni from Canada say's HELLO! In closing, there are a couple of things that we did and it probably helped in making this trip as successful as it was. We always left a tip for the maids that cleaned the room, $1or 2US per day(we had 2 rooms) tip the bartenders a dollar here a dollar there and the young laides that always greeted us for our meals we gave them each (only 2) $10US. as they were awsome! We wouldn't hesitae to go back to this resort again as it was absolutely beautiful! P.S. Make sure you get up early (around 6:00 am) and put your beach towel on the lounger of your choice either the pool or beach and it will be there when you come back later. Have a great holiday....because we sure did!......Steve Skinner  Family  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TenshiLove143
<Content>We love Punta cana This was our first time going to Punta Cana and it was great. I went with my 4yr old daughter and 3 other adults in their 20s. The facility was clean and beautiful. The property wasn't as big as the neighboring resorts. The staff was exceptional, friendly, and hard working. They worked all crazy hours for days and they were always so happy to be there.The only thing is I wouldn't recommend it to anyone who wants to party. It's only good for relaxation. The drinks and food was great. We all wouldn't mind going back. Oh... and the Apple rep. at the resort is a cutey and very helpful.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Kora1992
<Content>Very relaxing and enjoyable       Building 3  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>luv2playOntario
<Content>Good bang for your buck My husband and I just returned from a week at this resort. I admit I was a little worried after reading some reviews but I am happy to say that my fears were unfounded Let's start at the beginning, Sunwings flight was uneventful and there was food. The check-in process was very organized and efficient. (I have visited other all inclusives that were a drag). We had minor room issues but they were repaired immediately. The rooms were very clean and in comparison to 4 other dominican all inclusives I have gone to the rooms were modern. The food was very good. I can not understand some of the other reviews that claimed this resorts food was inedible. There were plenty of safe options at every meal. Pasta bars,smoothie bars and hamburgers,hot dogs, Fries and pizza at the beach were great. Niether my husband or myself had any problems with reactions to foods. The lounges are a bit of an issue, you don't have to get up at dawn to get one but if there is a certain place you would like to lay-out then you better save your lounge early. The pool water was cooler than we would have liked to swim in but it was a nice pool with swim-up bar. All the negative reports about the sea weed on the beach left me very concerned but the fresh sea weed gets raked up really quickly so all your really seeing is small pieces of dried sea weed in the sand. This is a beach people. We did tip quite a bit but honestly we did'nt really see a big difference in the service. Knowing spanish would be great, we didn't but we bought a small book which helped and made it a little more fun trying to talk to the staff in thier language. The main bar across from the buffet was really nice. Comfortable rattan chairs and sofas with cushions you can hang out in. They could use another bar or relocate the bar near the beach since you had to go quite a distance back actually past the pool and up some stairs where there was often a line. There is a small bar on the beach but it is not a full bar andd is ooff to the left of the resort quite a bit. One annoying issue was how close the boats come to the beach leaving fumes, noise and a restricted swimming area. I also has a massage on the beach which was nice but they changed the price after I had it so that was a problem, be sure what they expect We didn't get too involved with the entertainment our first nights there but after catching part of a show and really enjoying it we made sure to get to the shows. They are always new shows.  It was a great vacation especially for the money. If you need anything you better ask your sunwing guy at the very begining orientation because he will be MIA for the rest of your stay.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SAMMY99
<Content>Food was horrible! Pool was clean, but there were no chairs to sit around it, only chaise lounges, the beach was fine but there was some seaweed. Above all the FOOD WAS HORRIBLE! The steak house was good one night and bad the next? The Italian restaurant was disguisting, in fact we left food on our plates and left the restaurant. We were horrified! The service was slow all around and the language barrier was tough! There were 6 of us that went, and the one lady on our group become so ill that she ended up on the hospital on the 5th day of our stay overnight. And had to be hooked up to IV because of the gastrointestinal bug that she picked up. So needless to say we will not be returning!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Caribe07
<Content>Those Darn Rats!!!!       poolside  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Popsmom
<Content>Not for pre-teens       Room with a View(outside our patio)  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	2	2	

<Author>madisson75
<Content>What a great surprise! My mom and I just got back from Natura Park Resort and Spa(Feb.15 to 22) and what a relief!! I'd read all those nightmarish reviews before we left, and I must admit I was very pleasantly surprised!! The food is good (even very good in the 脿 la carte restaurants), the beach is gorgeous (is spite of the seaweed!!) and the staff is very charming. I recommand this resort especialy for people who want to relax and worship the sun, but do watch out for the magicians on the beach who try to sell you excusions and stuff, they are known to disapear with your money. Otherwise, it's all very beautyful, and don't forget to buy Larimar jewelry, and Brugal rum!!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>CanadianElk
<Content>Bloody motorboats We spent a week in December in Natura Park. Everything was fine - the room, food and service. Although you should not expect any gastronomical miracles. If such food is served for you when you are on the road you would hardly complain. The choice of drinks is modest but I guess anybody can find something in the bars.There are two points to mention. The first one is the motorboats that ride really over your head. That makes the ocean swimming very nervous which is very unfortunate as it was supposed to be the main attraction. The motorboats captains are very nervous as well as they don't want to hit you. At the end it is a constant exchange of arguments and permanent tension - the last thing you need on vacations. We tried to explore the nearby beaches for more relaxed place for ocean swimming and alas it turns out to be the best place in the vicinity - all others are too shallow.The second problem is that the beautiful tropical forest is heavily polluted with plastic bottles, bags and other slowly decaying trash. The question is why do we pay the tax on entrance to the county? It is supposed to be used exactly for this purpose. I don't think it is terribly expensive to clean it really.All in all, if you don't care about ocean swimming and the piles of garbage don't spoil your mood you can go there. It worth the money  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>suzicull
<Content>Great Value Great value for the money. I read the many horrifying reveiws and was prepared for the worst. Upon arrival I was very pleasantly surprised. The grounds are beautiful, smaller than what I'm used to, but full of ponds, plants, birds and fish. The rooms were sufficient, a plus with the balocony/patio. The showers are strong and plenty warm. The food I had was quite good. There is a good variety, beef, pork, chicken or fish plus various side dishes. The steak ala carte resturaunt was my favorite. The staff was very helpful, not always speaking English, but trying to understand by any means. A dollar tip goes a long way and is much appreciated. We even tipped the grounds people because they do such a great job.The lounge chairs do fill up early, we got up at 5:30 am and could reserve a cobana with chairs, went back to bed, then ate breakfast and hit the beach. There are plenty of activities if you choose to leave your lounge chair any time during the day. I Ioved the diversity of people, so many languages to hear all around.The beach was a little busy with boats which cut up seaweed and floated to shore, but they are cleaning it up from sun up to sun down.The pool is kind of small, but sufficient, the swim up bar is shaded, a bit too cool for me.I would highly recomend the snorkel trip off the beach (only $14) They take you out in a glass bottom boat, and provide snorkel equipment (bring your own if you have it) and feed to lure the fish. (I would bring my own bread from resturaunt to lure even more fish)All in all, I felt it truly lived up to it's 4 apple rating. Just remember, treat people the way you would like to be treated, and all will be fine.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hotrod_chickie
<Content>No complaints about this resort!               More photos  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gunnerama
<Content>Not so bad. My wife and I just got back from Natura and had a GOOD time. We are both in our mid thirties and we found the resort to be nice. The food is decent and the weather is awesome. the landscaping is beautiful and our roome was mostly clean. If you have never been there are some things you might want to know about this place:1. Mini bar has only two beers and two Pepsi's. Good luck getting them refilled quickly.2. If your looking for a lounge chair by the pool to kick up your feet and relax, you better get up before 6am and take you towel out to the pool and claim your territory. If you don't, I hope you like concrete?3. Do not go to the Palma Real mall. Of the 33 stores claimed to be in operation, 12 were true to their word.4. Kirby at Conquest tours was absolutely useless. He showed three hours late for orientation and blamed us for the mistake. On this note get use to time deadlines not being made by employees.5. Bring plenty of American cash. They told us if we wanted more we could easily get it from the front desk. Take a wild guess what happened?6. The a la carte restaurants were nice, but we had difficulty getting reservations-even after orientatiion! Nothing a little cash couldn't solve. Amazing there were no spots left until Mr. LIncoln came out.7.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>enjoyslifeWisconsin
<Content>Enjoyed myself I was at Nutura Park from Jan 31 to Feb 7th. I had a wonderful time, the staff was helpful and polite, even the front desk. Check in and out was a breeze.The food was fine the meat was a little tough,but there were plenty of other things to eat. The room did smell a little stuffy, but no worse than my room had in the USA the night before we left. I was scared to go after reading the reviews but I found none of the negatives to be true. I speak very little Spanish and I was polite to the staff so they were polite to me, and went out of there way to be helpful , when i could not communicate in Spaiish the staff always got someone who could speak English to help me .We mentioned that something was broken in our room and when we got back from the beach it was fixed. Yes there was seaweed on the beach but it is an ocean and someone was raking it up all day everyday. We always had plenty of towels and extra bottles of water, our room was very clean. We were not sick from the food and they had the best chocolate ice cream. The grounds were well kept and beautiful.They workers at the place where they had the boats and scuba gear went out of there way to be accomodating. I had a wonderful time, usually if you treat people with friendliness and respect they will treat you the same way. I would go to Natura Park again.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>swimmerEvanston
<Content>Do motor boats really need to come this close to the beach? We stayed at Natura Park during the first week of February.We found staff to be helpful and friendly and very hard-working. The food - while not gourmet - was good enough. After all, we came for the sun and the swimming and not to get fat. The grounds are beautiful and very well kept.But I like to swim in the ocean and found the designated (roped-off) area much too small and weedy. Swimming outside the designated area where there are large kelp beds and wild-life (fish and large turtles) and hardly any floating weeds was much too dangerous because of the nearly constant traffic of motor boats. These boats with their noise and stinky exhaust fumes would come as close as just a few meters off the beach.My question: why do boats that can go just about anywhere have to come this close to the shore? Should not the beach and a reasonable distance out be reserved for swimmers? Why does the enjoyment of people on the beach have to be disrupted by the noise and stink from inconsiderate motor boaters? I feel very strongly that the immediate area off the beach - at least about 300 meters - should be off-limits to motor boats so that swimmers can be safe and this limit should be enforced and designated with buoys. I realize that the hotel may not be able to bring about a rule to keep motor boats a safe distance from swimmers. Cooperation among resorts may be necessary to bring this about. But I think it would be in the interest of the Dominican Republic AND the resorts to make sure that swimmers be safe from being run down and injured or killed by motor boats.We will certainly NOT return to Natura Park or visit any other resort where we cannot safely swim in the ocean near the resort.Other than this I feel we got our money's worth.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>northlight
<Content>The HORROR! I have travelled all over the Caribbean and stayed in all kinds of hotels and resorts and never been sick to my stomach but this place had the most awful food (I have a hard time even calling it food) that I have had to endure. The buffet had food sitting out in the heat for hours with no refrigeration. The chicken was pink on the inside and the other meats were over cooked, the burgers were pre cooked and boiled... yes boiled. The a la carte restaurants were not much better other than the steak place which had nice staff and food that was kind of ok, someone should tell them that sliced cheese is not parmesan amongst other things though. The seafood restaurant was so bad that we took one bite of our appetizers and just looked at the burnt main course and walked out after being unable to get any lobster out of the shell and not recognizing the mystery brown fluid on top of the lobster. We asked for drinks 3 times before getting any and butter 4 times before it was actually tossed on the plate with attitude. The buffet runs out of food close to 9:15pm when they are supposed to be open till 10pm. We were told that they had no more red wine in the restaurant at 9:20pm. This may actually have been a blessing for anyone who actually likes half decent wine since it's beyond terrible as is the beer. I would have been happy to pay for good wine or beer, I'm not a big drinker but do appreciate a nice glass of wine with dinner or the odd beer on the beach. If you enjoy unsanitary conditions in your eating establishments, waiters who don't wash their hands after using the bathroom (yes I witnessed this), violent stomach cramps and diarrhea, then you'll love the restaurants at Natura Park!I should have known something was not right the day we got there. My room had a funky odour and the air conditioning worked when it wanted to. The bathroom was infested by ants and I saw quite a few cockroaches in my room as well during the week. The second day my electricity went out completely and no one at the front desk cared or did anything. The locks on the doors are pointless and anyone could just give it a kick and be in the room in an instant.The staff were so unqualified to work in the hospitality industry that I swear that they just hired whoever showed up. They were rude, lazy and dishonest. Room service takes hours to get to the room, usually after 3-5 calls. By the time it gets to you hot dishes are disgustingly cold and cold dishes have been sitting out of the refrigerator for hours. You have to go to the bars to get ice and then they wont fill up your bucket. It's an all inclusive resort right?... nope... the mini bar is full of stuff they charge for, including WATER!!! That's if they actually re stock it or if it even gets cold. Ask to talk to the manager and you'll likely be told he's taking a nap, seriously.Now for the good points...I need a minute to actually think of any. Oh yeah, the weather was fantastic however if they could have ruined that I'm sure that they would have. The grounds were quite well kept and the rooms were nice enough. The beach was nice but there was a lot of seaweed and try and find a lounge chair, good luck after 6:30 am. This is common though at many resorts.Well that's about all I can think of for the good. So all in all a terrible place that I could never ever recommend to anyone I actually like. I can't understand how anyone could ever give the Natura Park a good review. What a shame since it's in a nice location with great possibilities. Do yourselves a favour and go somewhere else and you'll never know how lucky you were to avoid Natura Park Beach - EcoResort  Spa, which is neither a Eco resort nor a spa.Wishing you a great vacation.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>relaxation_wanted
<Content>So... So We went to Natura Park for one week with our 3 year old daughter at the end of January.I had read the reviews before going and was prepared for possible problems.Overall, I found the hotel/resort had potential, but was a little diappointing. I got the impression that when it was new it was top notch, but now it seems a little run down.I am quite fluent in Spanish, so language was not an issue for us. Very few staff spoke English or French. Spanish seemed to be their only language.The check-in was very smooth, although some other guests had to wait a few hours for their room to be ready.Upon arrival at the room, I noticed that the lock and door knob had been tampered with. We tested it and found that it was quite easy to open the door without a key. I returned to the front reception immediately to request another room. I was told that they were fully booked so that it was impossible, but they would call maintenance to go there urgently and fix the door.We unpacked and waited about an hour. I got the impression that the front desk was not interested in this problem. Rather than let this ruin our vacation we decided to live with it and simply made sure our suitcases and valuables were locked up at all times. I raised the issue a couple of times over the first couple of days and got reassurances it would be fixed promptly. It never did get fixed.The positives are the weather, the grounds and the nice sand. There was a lot of seaweed on one day when the tide was high, but it is the sea afterall.The swimming pool needs painting and better maintaining.The steps leading into the pool are a little mouldy.The Whirlpool attached to the pool is supposed to be on an automatic timer. The staff told me it goes on every half hour.I found that it did not work at all for 2 days. The other days it would turn on, but only a few times a day. No one seemed to be repairing it and in fact there was no indication that it was actually broken.The pool swim up bar was often not staffed until well past noon and only for a couple of hours.For us these were just some things we noticed. We were determined to relax and enjoy ourselves, because that is what a vacation is all about.My daughter enjoyed the mini-disco and playing in the playground. There are only 2 animation staff dedicated to the children's activities and only one of these to the mini-club. We were not comfortable with leaving our 3 year old at the mini-club on her own because the staff member only spoke Spanish and because there was only one staff member supervising kids both indoors and out. Because not all the kids would play together it meant kids were left un-supervised at times. The mini-club is quite close to the pool and beach so we were afraid our daughter might wander off towards these 2 areas.There were many children of all ages at this resort, so it is quite family friendly. Guests are from many places around the world: Canada, Poland, Croatia, Chile, Argentina, Italy, Portugal, and SpainWe had a nice vacation, but would I recommend this hotel/resort...if you haven't booked I would say look elsewhere.If you already booked, keep an open mind. Be prepared for some diappointment..but focus on the postives and enjoy your trip.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>kiramakora
<Content>Not eco-frendly; and NOT recommended for non-tour group reservations One of the recommended accomodation in Punta Cana is the NATURA PARK ECO-RESORT  SPA which is lauded for its environmentally friendly design amongst other things. I hate to be the bearer of bad news but not only is NATURA PARK not the model environmentally aware corporate citizen, but its services are absolutely horrendous. First off, the reusable beach cups are gone; second off, bleach-free laundy was a marketing stunt and no longer applies as well. Thirdly, the service was bad. This especially holds true for front desk personnel who had the audacity to insult some members of my travelling party. Finally, a word of advice to those booking NATURA independantly outside a tour group ... DONT! We had confirmed pre-paid booking for 8 persons for 3 nights and they were given to tour groups and airline personnel with big contracts. As an independant traveller, I would avoid Natura Park because you never know if your reservation would be there. (Oh, we had confirmed our reservation 4 times via email and called 3 successive days prior to arrival).Cheers.PS: The beach is full of sea-weed anyways :(.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	2	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>jdbposte
<Content>Great Time The surroundings of this resort with awesome. Immaculate conditions throughout hotel, washrooms etc. Don't ever think requesting rooms together will happen when you arrive. Learn your spanish - it pays. First time parasailing - fantastic (Pedro and helper) were the best (Highly recommend it) and I was so frightened. The most wonderful way to see the lagoon and coral reefsOnly disappointment was the hotel allowing vendors to set up on walkways to the buffets and bars, especially when our rooms was near the lobby. The entertainment staff were really good and worked a long 15 hr day.Food was good and great variety. Beach was raked everyday.Mini-bar supplies were sufficient and open all week.Went off resort for the jetboat trip - over-rated - only spent 20 mins on it and had to follow a leader.JACKER/POOPS  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Patti-Lou
<Content>Wonderful Time We just returned Jan. 28/07 from 1 week at Natura Park Beach, Punta Cana, and I wouldn't hesitate to tell anyone to try this place out. The resort was beautiful, rooms surrounded by ponds stocked with fish, turtles, flamingos and ducks. Extremely eye-pleasing. Our room was in building 7, closest to the beach and swimming pool/bars. The weather couldn't have been any nicer, highs 80's daytime-70's night with little rain one evening. They constantly are cleaning, even the beach restrooms cleaned every hour. The resort is fogged for bugs twice daily (although we did see a few but, hey, it's tropical!) They tried hard with the entertainment, enjoyed most shows and would have liked if they had their own disco (was a shuttle next door to one, but extra cost) so we sat in lobby bar and drank instead. Mini-bar was locked for 4 days, that was a minus. Three specialty restaurants were delicious, and could have all the lobster we wanted! For the money we spend (just over $1000 each) we got more than we figured. Rate this place excellent for the buck!!!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hardcourters
<Content>Okay, but some problems Just returned from a week at Natura Park with my wife. Trip was ok, but there were some problems. First the bad, then the good. Bad things. This is more a problem of our travel agent, Apple Vacations, then the hotel, but I feel the hotel could have done a better job. We left NJ @ 6AM, waking @ 2 :30AM, to catch our chartered flight. Flight was fine, but on arriving at our hotel almost all of the people on the bus including my wife and myself had no room to go to. This is not the hotel's fault as it was only 11:30 AM their time and checkout is around 3:00PM. However, the reception staff made the problem worse by asking us to check back 1 hour later, then 1 hour later again, finally we got a room at around 4:00PM. We did go to the beach and enjoyed some sun and water but for a couple of hours we just hovered around waiting to get our room which was frustrating. I suggest you either have your swim/beach gear ready in an accessible spot or opt to arrive later in the day. I spoke with another passenger who arrived with us and she said that this was the first time she couldn't get a room, the other times she arrived towards late afternoon/evening and had no problem. Other bad things. Big beautiful staircase in lobby leading down to restaurants, bars, rooms, etc...however, it was the only apparent way down, probably 30 steps, not a great intro. if you are lugging heavy luggage up or down it. Rooms, very poor lighting, one tiny light between beds, all other lighting in bath area. If you are a reader don't plan on doing any in the room. Calling front desk from room phone: Couldn't get anyone who really understood English. Jogging trail: This was advertised on the hotel website, looked everywhere couldn't find one. Being called an Eco-Resort', I felt after staying here this is overplayed. Grounds are nice, but not as much wildlife as I felt there would be. Also, lagoon is adjacent to hotel but it is not something that can be explored via walkways, paths, etc. Also thought that the beach area was really busy with boats from local fishermen, speed boats hoisting paragliders, small cruise excursion boats all quite close to the roped off swimming area. Not really my idea of an Eco-Resort. Drinks: We tried several types and found them to be universally way to sweet. One exception was the Capereena (Sp) this is the dominican version of the Mojito, very good, also if you like beer, Presidente is very good. Now for good things: Staff friendly and helpful. Except reception area who were mainly friendly but not too helpful. Three nice tennis courts where you can play for free until 6PM, we played from 5 to 6 and had no problem getting a court. Also nice was the free racquets and balls if you needed these things. Room, although extremely dark, was large, nicely decorated and otherwise comfortable. Buffet Restaurant: Food was generally ok, something for everyone, can't see how anyone couldn't find something they would like. Especially good was the Dominican night. Beach was smallish but nice with soft sand, do be prepared to get up early and put towels on loungers ( between 7 and 8 AM) or you definitely will not have a lounger. Staff did a great job of raking and carting away seaweed. A la Carte Restaurants. La Perla, seafood, by the pool and Media Luna, steakhouse, were both enjoyable. La Gondola, italian, was ok, my wife liked her entree mine was not good (ps: i am not a fussy eater) Hope this helps.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>misscanada1986
<Content>Overall Great Hotel BACKGROUND: a couple in early 20's looking to get away and have a relaxing vacation. we travelled by sunwing during the week of jan 24-31.ROOMS: overall very nice, all rooms have a balcony over looking ponds and bridges. there is nothing lacking in these rooms and are quite spacious. the only complaint would be that the air conditioner only worked on the low setting.GROUNDS: this place is beautiful! the landscaping is the nicest ive seen. there is plently of animals to entertain you from feeding them , to them waking you up in the morning.FOOD: the buffet was good, but after a couple nights it seem to gte repetitive. i recommend all the a la cartes, they help with changing up the buffet. all three were excellent, also the lunch snack bar by the beach is good also.SERVICE: the people at natura park are very nice and helpful. they work very hard and still some people are rude to them. it doesnt hurt to say hi to them and you will see they will smile back.ENTERTAINMENT: this is a low point, there wasn much to really do, but thats the whole point of going on a relaxing vacation. the night entertainement was average nothing special, i usually skipped it.BEACH: on a windy day the beach has a lot of seaweed :(, if it isnt the beach is beautiful. however for clear and beautiful water most of the time walk towards the left and find a piece of paradise.TOURS: on the trip we did the Saona excurison, it was breathtaking however beware what you eat when you get onto the island. my bf got sick.OVERALL: i had a great trip, minor set backs my boyfriend and i each got sick from either the resort or island food, making it difficult. the hotel is not the cleanest ive seen but for the 1000$ that i paid i got my money;s worth. i would not return to natura park for the simple reason that i do not like to repeat hotels.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lucky_to_have_gone
<Content>Vacation of a lifetime My wife and I stayed at Natura from January 2 to January 9, 2007 and there isn't much to say except phenominal. Our experience was wonderful. From the white sand beach (that felt like flour) to the steady flow of drinks all the way back at the main bar we had no complaints with the resort at all.The service was exceptional, sure there were some lanquage barriers (thank god I learned to count in spanish from Dora) but if you tried hard so did they. As far as tipping goes....It's totally worth the small expenditure to get even better service. An example of this would be in regards to the sea weed that washes up on the beach. On the Thursday of our trip my wife and I tossed each of the 3 guys who raked the beach a couple of bucks and from that day on there was never sea weed around us, each time some would show up the crew would wisk it away with a big smile and a nod....Great guys who work a horrible job, why not say thank you.Flavio and Sandro at the main bar are two of the nicest and happiest people I've ever met, they were always trying to chat with us and it was a fluke if my glass was empty for more than 30 seconds. They were great and that made our experience that much better. The front desk staff were not good at all but hey once I had my room key I didn't have to see them again.The food was good in all the eateries, the buffet always had something tasty to eat and the a'la cartes were good too. My only complaints are: 1 - Italian = the lasagna tasted like undercooked hamburger helper. 2 - Seafood - The shrimp pasta made me ill. No bid deal I was over it in after a good sleep.The Sunwing rep - now that was a joke, totally useless and didn't care about anything unless you were handing him cash for an excursion (no doubt that he earned a cut of).I say if you're unsure about going just squish it and go, it's worth it...I'd go back again in a heartbeat (we actually are almost booked for March 07 but Jan 08 or sure). And if you're lucky you'll get to make some great travel friends like (Walt  Darlene, Ken  Anna, Jeff  Shauna, and Shelby  Jackie) that will make your trip that much better.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	1	5	-1	

<Author>OntarioSunSeekers
<Content>An average all-inclusive vacation          Beautiful Beach  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>travels_with_kidsAyr
<Content>Great vacation in the Sun We stayed at Natura Park Jan 11-18, 2007 and we had a great time. There is always something to complain about if you want to, but it was definitely a nice resort.We travelled with another family and had 4 children between us (ages 5, 7, 9 11). The kids were feeling a bit too old for the Kids Club but did participate in the Mini Disco show when they could. Petra was nice and did invite the kids to the club. Jimy encouraged the kids to participate in daily activities at the pool and on the beach. He was very friendly. They had sand toys and games by the pool - shuffleboard, mini-golf, bean bag toss etc.The beach did have seaweed. What built up over the day was collected each morning, so it wasn't horrible. There seemed to be more build up on the hotels next door (Allegro, Punta Cana Grand). We spent most of our time at the pool - though the older kids did some snorkelling. It was windy - so the ocean was wavy but the breeze was nice. It did bring in some clouds - and sunshowers, but really only lasted a minute or two.The rooms were average and we got good maid service. We did not use anything in the Mini Bar because we didn't need to. We had plenty of towels, soap etc. We got lots of water in big bottles every day.Don't buy from the vendors (sharks) that come on to the resort. They wear pink/peach shirts and hound you if you are around the pool. You can get much better deals at the hotel gift shop or if you feel like bargaining there is a market down the beach at the Punta Cana Grand (to the right). But beware, they will all want you to visit their shop for the cheapie, cheapie deals. Just be prepared to haggle or say no. We ate at all the restaurants -including the beach grill and none of us got sick. We liked the smoothie bar at the main buffet. But there was always a wait.The resort was getting busier as our week progressed and we did have to line up for lunch at the main buffet one day (I think they weren't able to clean up tables fast enough) and the pool restaurant was more crowded. But really what is the rush if you are on vacation?DO NOT change any money into Dominican Pesos. Everywhere takes US dollars and you can't change the Pesos back to any other currency. DO NOT take the bus to the Palma Real shopping center. It took over 40 minutes with all the stops at other hotels and there were only 4 stores open. It will be nice when it is done, but give it another year or so.DO take a bun and feed the turtles at the bridge at the front entrance. It is a hoot to watch the turtles, ducks and fish fight for the food. They all seem to come out of nowhere.DO take the country adventure/safari trip. We went with County Adventures - there are lots of tour companies that do it. You get to see a Dominican home, a school, a sugar plantation, a coffee/cocoa ranch, have a horsback ride and boogie board at a beautiful beach. (And the requisite stop at a tourist gift shop - with items made in China). The kids really learned a lot about how easy they have it. Also we took some school supplies to leave at the school (pens, pencils, erasers, crayons, notebooks etc). Enough said. Enjoy the quietness of the resort. There are no other attractions (other than a Casino) around, so you will relax. Take sunscreen and bug spray (we did have mosquitos at the Italian a la carte one night - but otherwise none).  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>carribeanhereicome
<Content>quiet resort Myself and abunch of my friends stayed at this resort for 7 days from Jan 14-21, 2007. The resort grounds were beautiful. lots of palm trees, ponds, gardens, birds, bridges etc. I will start with our room. we were upgraded to a suite thanks to our travel agent who asked for this when booking for us as we had a party of 10 in our group. the suites were huge, 2 bathrooms, king size bed (was kind of hard) had a sitting room with tables and couches, and an enormous belcony overlooking the ocean, and pool. I have nothing to complain about our room however a couple of my friends had said that their air conditioner didnt work or their fans. and one couple who came later had a standard room and said they didnt like it. but im assuming they said this comparing it to our suites. The food was ok a few of us got a little sick but nothing major, there was quite a bit to choose from so that was nice. we ate at all of the a la carts and liked them for the most part I didint really like the steak we ate at the one it wasnt cooked very well and a couple of us didnt feel too great after. The beach was nice lots of palms and long stretches of sand, however it was pretty dirty with seaweed most of the time, but whatever you can still enjoy it. the entertainment was ok too, nothing special, some were good some were boring. Overall we had a great time, I think that if there werent as many of us we would have been very bored. there isnt much to do after the shows over so if your looking for some party time this is definately not the resort for you. resort was nice but we probably wont go back to Dominican again, I found it kind of dirty compared to all the other islands i've been to. watch out for the beach bar where you can get hot dogs and burgers.....my friends got sick from this as the meat stays out all day and they dont really keep things clean. This resort was ok overall but definately not one of my favorites.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	3	2	2	2	3	

<Author>coachnhs
<Content>Solid Lodgings First of all,let me say that some of the negative comments made by travelers on this website were a tad outrageous. Comments about the beds being to close to the floor, bathroom door not being soundproof, small bars of soap, etc. are pretty miniscule at best.Other legitimate complaints concerning poor service, excessive bug infestations,dirty pool and beach made me second guess our choice of Natura Park for our first visit to Punta Cana. While we don't consider Natura Park a 5* hotel, our 4 day stay was quite enjoyable to say the least. The service, pool, and grounds were above average, while the food, room, and beach were average. There was a seaweed problem on the beach with the exception of our last 2 days, but workers were constantly removing the worst of it. We did not encounter any bug or mosquito problem at all during our stay.We would definitely recommend Natura Park as an average to above average hotel in Punta Cana.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sunshine_in_the_Snow
<Content>Loved it! Date of stay: January 06-13, 2007I loved it. It was a very quiet and relaxing vacation. The food was good. Even my husband, a picky eater, didn't have a problem. The room was very clean. All of the staff were friendly and very eager to help out any way they could. The little bit of Spanish I have came in handy, but almost all spoke enough English to manage. The water pressure was an unexpected bonus. I didn't hear of anyone being sick during our stay. You should keep in mind while indulging of the all inclusive drinks and food that coconuts and bananas are a natural laxative....We found that the beach just a two minute walk to the left of the resort to be a wonderful secret snorkel spot. We took our snorkel gear, buns and bananas and snorkeled every day.It rained for about 5 minutes at a time a couple of times a day. ...sunshower really. I just stayed where I was and enjoyed the refreshing sprinkle. It was funny to see some grab their towels and run for cover to have it stop by the time they got under cover.Getting beach chairs was certainly a challenge for those who partied late and didn't get up until late morning. ...the early bird gets the worm!I can't comment on the entertainment. I missed it all. That was one complaint I have... The adult shows didn't start until 9:45. We were usually wiped from a full day of sun, swimming and fresh air to be bothered to stay up until 9:45 waiting for the shows.I recommend Dolphin Island (swimming with the dolphins). It was quite expensive, but I did enjoy it. I paid $95 US. It's a three hour excursion, about half hour of that is actually with the dolphins. Some of that half hour is watching others, but you are in the water with them.We also really enjoyed a two hour horse back ride with Pandora along the ocean. Those wonderful towel guys at Natura will tell you all about that excursion.We didn't officially pay for an open jeep tour, but ended up having one any way. The truck that picked us up for the horse ranch got run off the road by a bigger truck and we nearly tipped over and then the road to the ranch was so bumpy we figured we got our jeep tour when we paid for our horse back riding.The bus ride to and from the resort is another adventure on its own. The bigger the vehicle, the more daring the driver seems to be on those narrow winding roads. What a ride! Well worth a tip.After reading several of the January 03rd reviews immediately before my trip I was worried that I had made a mistake. Thank you Toronto for your review. I've come to appreciate the reviews of my fellow Canadians. They are closer to my own expectations. I totally agree with your review that some people are just born complainers. A five star hotel in the Caribbean is not Trump Towers. If one doesn't like seaweed on the beach, then stay away from the ocean! It isn't the locals who leave their cups, straws and other garbage on the beach and around the grounds - it's the ignorant tourist! If the closet door doesn't close it doesn't make the vacation awful unless you want it to be. We had a shower curtain where the end kept coming out of the track. A wad of chewing gum allowed to dry in the track fixed it just nicely!I loved seeing and feeding the geese, flamingos, peacock, fish and turtles every day. The grounds were absolutely beautiful. Remember to pocket a couple of buns at lunch and dinner and a banana at breakfast to feed them all.If you consider yourself easy going and enjoy nature - Go ahead - book your vacation with Natura Park. You'll love it too!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tcollins77
<Content>It was fun! OKay.. im 20 and I went with my family.. if you're looking for a high energy place.. not the best place to be...! Also beware of someof the food.. really messed with our stomachs, primarily produce.. but with that aside the food was awesome!! Bars were great.. go see daniel at the lobby bar.. best barman EVER! Met so many awesome people too! Beach is so nice but watch the vendors and the activity people.. they will HOUND you! Bring some pepto and get ready for a very quiet and relaxing time!My one complaint is to really WATCH YOUR STUFF.. i got my camera stolen and another girl got her purse taken from the lobby bar.. just watch your things and you're good to go!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>4	2	4	4	3	2	4	2	

<Author>WineDiva66
<Content>Beautiful gardens--Nice beach APPLE VACATIONS---MALE employees fell all over us--we're both american blonde pretty females--the female employees except for the housekeeping staff were catty  rude. Both made us uncomfortable. The resort was too large for my taste--it was kind of dirty but not to the point of gross. The beaches  gardens were absolutely beautiful. The worst thing we saw were women  men wearing very unflattering swimwear for their bodies--but it was quite comical...to see a 50 year old 300 lb woman in a bikini--but hell if you have the guts  confidence more power to ya sista!!!!!!! Who is anybody to judge!!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>lamp101
<Content>ok spot We travelled as group of 12 over Christmas. We found the grounds to be very well maintained, the rooms large and adequate. We did not experience issues with mosquitoes as other travellers have mentioned - perhaps time of year makes a difference. The food as far as taste was pretty much what we expected from the Dominican - average. A la carte restaurants were nice to break up the buffet selections (beef tenderloin was excellent). A little warm at night if you were seated at the back of buffet area or to watch shows. I would say probably 9-10 out of the 12 experienced some sort of stomach upset. The beach for swimming was a bit disappointing, but nice to walk along. No real problem getting chairs. Pool is a bit dated and not that inviting. Overall though, not a bad place. It is pretty much what we expected when we booked.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>bosco99
<Content>The PRICE was right, resort okay.       at the beach of Natura Park and Resort  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	1	3	4	

<Author>frednmo
<Content>beautiful place/faceless hosts Natura Park was undoubtly the most beautiul beach my wife an I have ever walked. The hotels ground were also above average on all accounts too. Our only problem was the staff in the dining rooms and the hotel front desk.We were treated very in different and at some times rudely in the restaurants.Our requests were minimal such as coffee in the morning or a beer with dinner,most times our request s were ignored.We entered the dining room on the first night not really knowing how the place operated ,the staff were of no help ,in telling you to go get your or how they operated the stations of food. Many of the pasta and food station people had no idea what a smile was /and were always having a rude expression or a scowl on their faces. I personally did get the stomach type bug after having a hamburger down by the beach restaurant.The bug continued to last a full week untill I seen my own doctor for aprescription of some type of antibiotics.I am sure other people had no problem I guessed I was just unlucky untill I met another tourist on the plane back who got sick on the same day ,and same food and restaurant. I know this sounds very bad but there were some very nice people too (rooom maid and bartenders).I felt like americans were not treated as well as the europeans and south americans ,and I could not justify a trip back to Natura Park.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>Yus-Weasi
<Content>Go at own risk - and then with low expectations I'm so happy to see other reviews that could very well be my own. My husband and I set our expectations low to begin with so we wouldn't be disappointed. All we really wanted to do was get away for 3 days. We thought it would be cool to try an all-inclusive and imagined ourselves in a Corona commercial munching on some yummy tropical food. Well, we will never do another all-inclusive and next time I go to any resort, I'm packing peanut butter and jelly; and 2 boxes of Immodium instead of 1.We were pleasantly surprised by the architecture of the main building and the grounds. We were also surprised by the 20 mph winds coming in off the beach. Obviously we can't fault them for Mother's Nature nature but a write-up somewhere would have been nice.We can, however, fault them for the nastiest food I've ever tasted and I'm comparing this to summer camps, college dorm food and an Outward Bound trip where I ate rehydrated black beans and powdered pasta sauce. Considering food is a large part of the all-inclusive appeal - we were seriously ripped off.We were never able to get reservations to the restaurants even though they weren't full every night. So we ate at the buffet for 3 days. After day 1 we learned to stick to the bread, rice and pasta but still were hit with some intestinal thing (1 week later we both still have aftershocks). Maybe it's from the guy who licked his hands while grilling the hotdogs and hamburgers. Or it could be from the server who merely turned table cloths over instead of getting clean ones (she also drank out of the leftover wine bottles and ate leftover food off people's plates). Or maybe it was from the dirty silverware, glasses and dishes. Or maybe from people touching my food with their bare hands. Let's all be thankful for the FDA.Though I was suprised by the lack of English spoken, I enjoyed the opportunity to reach into the recesses of my brain for those ol' Spanish classes I took in college. However, it was frustrating at times when it shouldn't have been. And the service was not good. We expected slow service because we have traveled in the caribbean before but there was virtually no service here.The rooms could use some updating but like I said, we set our expectations low so we were pleased there were no bugs or mildew. We did enjoy how international the resort was and the variety show was so bad you had to watch - but I loved that aspect.I would have a hard time recommending anyone go to Punta Cana. There are so many other great places to visit. What scares me are the people who think Natura Park is the greatest place on earth. What's wrong with you?! My favorite caribbean destination is St. Lucia. The Jalousie was a little slice of heaven and once the construction is done at the Windjammer, it probably won't be bad either.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	2	2	2	-1	-1	

<Author>suntravellor
<Content>Excellent Vacation We were at Natura from Boxing Day to Jan. 2. Check in at the resort was chaos. Apparently there had been some damaged rooms the night before from some unruly guests, in addition to the hotel being overbooked, which resulted in re-locating a number of guests to another resort. The rooms were not ready at 3:00 p.m. which was the promised check in time. A number of guests were getting quite irate by 5 p.m. when they still didn't have rooms. But nothing says you have to sit in the lobby fuming about it. We enjoyed the buffet, the beach and the bars until we had a room. That is why you pack your bathing suit in your carry on. The rooms are spacious and clean. We didn't come to a tropical island in December to have the air conditioning on, but ours did work. We would turn it off and the maid always put it back on, but it kept the room smelling fresher. The shower was fine, sometimes no hot water, but when you have a 1000 people trying to shower all at the same time, you can expect to run out, it happens at home after five people shower in a household. The meals at the buffet were fine. Not overwhelming with selection, but tasty none the less. (tasted like home - Canada) The al a carte meals were fantastic . Service in the Italian restaurant was terrible, but the food made up for it. And we had great entertainment, as a giant cockroach did laps, circling the very top of the buffet table, until a young lady attempted to help herself to salad at the exact time the cockroach decided to come down for a closer look at the food. She nearly dropped her plate and ran from the table. Another guest became hysterical and left crying, before the meal arrived. I don't like cockroaches any more than the next person, but this is a tropical island in an open air restaurant and I am sure the same could happen anywhere, especially when you don't have cold weather controlling the size of bugs. The roof leaked in one section of the buffet and during a heavy rainstorm water poured in this area creating a pool on the marble floor, making it extremely dangerous for walking. There were plenty of other seats available, which they overlooked and put people in this wet area. Management does not seem too on the ball. The other two al a cartes more than made up for the Itallian with unbelievable service and quality of food. Yes, the portions are smaller, but more than adequate for a meal.The drinks were tasty and bar service was fine. We had no language problems at all and in fact were pleasantly surprised at the level of English spoken by the staff . The beach is beautiful, the water is beautiful, the weather was beautiful. We took a day trip to Saona for $85 US each, which we felt was more than worth the money. We left at 8 a.m. and weren't back until 7 ish. We travelled by air conditioned bus, catamaran, and speed boat and saw lots of sites, were entertained by locals, had an excellent lunch and probably some of the best snorkelling we have done and we have snorkelled in the Mayan Riviera, Cozumel, Sossua, and Jamaica. Our last visit to Dominican was four years ago, and it has grown up a lot since then. The weather was in the 30's everyday and for this time of year, that is fantastic in my mind for a Christmas vacation. We may have to make the Dominican Republic an annual winter event. We wouldn't return to Natura, but only because there is so much out there to see and experience. I would recommend this resort to anyone as long as you go with the mind set, it is a tropical country, different than the place you are leaving behind, and be open to new experiences.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	1	4	-1	

<Author>SunscreenToronto
<Content>Loved it There A lot of people have been writing negative reviews. We loved it and did not experience any problems. The weather was perfect and it was a very relaxing holiday. Of course, there is always room for improvement, but when you are on holiday why look at what is wrong. You will enjoy your stay much more if you focus on the good and ignore the rest. I felt the staff were friendly and relaxing to be around. I didn't feel that they were looking for tips but just doing their jobs. The rooms were kept clean and there were enough food choices, even for me (a vegetarian). It is true, the Xmas Dinner was not very organized, but they did bring us alternate meals as most of our group did not eat meat or seafood. If you are a complainer, in general, you will not like the place but if you are not and choose to enjoy life and not waste a week in paradise complaining, you will love it!!!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>88.fingers.ca
<Content>It must be a terrible place to work! Stayed there from Dec 26/06 to Jan 2/07. I have been to Punta Cana once before at an excellent resort, and my wife has been to several resorts in Punta Cana and Puerto Plata, as well as Acapulco, Mexico, etc. I regret that there is a lot of negativity in this review, I still had a great time in spite of the resort (thanks to the weather, the beautiful beach and my 16-mo. old daughter's laughter).First the good stuff:I liked the rooms, the resort grounds are beautiful, the food at the steakhouse was very good and the New Year's Eve dinner was also very good. None of us got sick, although my daughter had a mild bout of diarrhea before we switched her to rice, pasta, water, bananas and some fruit. The staff was pretty good at raking up the seaweed from the beach, but they missed a day here and there. Weather was fantastic, poured like hell most nights and gorgeous breezy days.But...We had all kinds of negative experiences with the service. The staff at the reception desk lied to us without blinking an eye, first about when the rooms would be ready and again about finding a crib for our daughter. In my opinion, it appears they are trained to tell you whatever you want to hear so you will go away and stop bothering them. While the clerk I was speaking with insisted she never said to come back for our room keys at 2:30, that check-in time is 3, the clerk beside her was having a similar conversation, insisting with a smile that he told my fellow traveller that keys would be ready at 3:30. This made my clerk a little uncomfortable, since they were both telling different stories. Others from our flight (arrived in PC at 10.30am) didn't get their room keys until 5.30pm.On check-in (1pm) we asked a crib for my 16 mo. old daughter. At 8.30pm when we didn't have one yet, I went to the front desk to ask for one, and was told we would have one in 20 minutes. 90 minutes later I went back to the front desk and asked where it was, could we go to housekeeping and find one. The same person behind the desk explained to me that a crib wasn't part of our reservation. I lost it. I realize now that their blank stares were indications that they simply didn't understand what I was asking. Eventually they said they would try and locate one, and the manager (? - could have been anybody since he didn't identify himself) said he would call us in the room to make sure we got one. He never called. An hour later I found one in a hallway and carried it to our room. When we related our frustration to the Sunwing tour rep, he went and talked to the front desk, returned and apologized on the behalf of Natura. He also said they would make it up to us with some sort of detail - a bottle of rum or something. Nada, never heard from them again. All this on our first day.Language barriers abounded; I fully appreciate that Spanish is the native tongue, but keep in mind I wasn't backpacking in the Dominican - this is an all-inclusive and, to some degree, you rely on the staff to make the effort to help you have a good time. I had no such problems at my last resort (Bavaro Princess). Nada from this resort. I did the best I could with Spanish, but when I had to rely on English to try and ask/explain something, I didn't get anywhere with anyone.Bellhops, waiters, bus staff, bartenders, some housekeepers - nobody wanted to do more than the bare minimum. There was even some rudeness. We gave up asking for cutlery/napkins/coffee refills: it was so much easier to wander around La Cana (the main buffet rest.) until you found it yourself. Twice I had to go hunting for towels because the housekeeper forgot us. On one of those occasions, I called the front desk, tried to explain that we had no towels, they said they would take care of it. An hour later a maintenance guy showed up to fix the door. (--?!) Thankfully, he had a key to the housekeeping linen closet and brought us two bath towels. The wind frequently blew debris into the pool from the beach restaurant. As the day went on, I was surprised that no staff came along to clean it up. Paper napkins, bits of food, dirt, etc. accumulated at the two ramps leading into the pool (The ramps are great for toddlers!). The foot-washing showers to remove sand were broken. Lots of sand in the pool. I developed a sinus infection and my daughter a mild eye infection. Hard to say if it was from the pool, but I don't know where else either one of us would have picked it up.A friend we met on the plane to Punta Cana got violently ill - food poisoning - on his last meal before getting on the plane home. Poor guy spent the entire trip locked in the bathroom, paramedics waiting for him at the airport.There are better resorts for the same money. I'm willing to bet there are better resorts for less money. If you are desperate enough to get away and have to go here, then I hope you have no issues on your trip, otherwise you will be challenged to get any help: expect to fall between the cracks. Everyone else that I met (Canadians, French, Polish, Czech, German, Italian) all told the same familiar story. They said they wouldn't go back either. Sunwing will be my last choice for future trips.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>NycNight_owl
<Content>Stay away We stayed at Natura Park from Dec 23rd till Jan 2nd. This was our first, and probably the last experience with all-inclusive as I've realized that I don't like this idea whatsoever - staff is not motivated to try harder, you get the same food, etc. But anyway,speaking about Natura Park, there were two good things out there: the nature - the park, birds that were fun, ocean, snorkeling, etc. and ... the doctor who treated me for food poisoning - he was helpful and nice. So let me tell you something about the food first! The buffet was a joke, full of strange meals that did neither taste nor smell good. The tomatoes were always green (no kidding, I took a picture which I'll post later), fruit selection was poor, coffee machines didn't work properly and frying pans were never cleaned between two orders. I played it safe and tried to eat only familiar food but it didn't save me. On the 4th day I got fever and on the 5th I developed severe stomach cramps that made me scream. My husband, terrified, brought a doctor to our room and the doctor gave me an injection and some pills including antibiotics that I had to take for 5 days afterwards. For a couple of days I was so medicated and weak that I didn't go anywhere. Our medical bill came to $500 (thanks God we bought the insurance!!!) Then I started to venture to the beach and the buffet again. Just imagine how it feels to eat at the same place that have just poisoned you! I decided to stick to plain pasta with ketchup, bread, eggs, bananas and bottled water. That was mostly my diet for the rest of our vacation. Speaking about the Christmas dinner, I have nothing to add to hmnjacques's review. That was the most miserable dinner I've ever had. New Year's Eve dinner was somewhat better though - meals looked better and were served faster.Their so called a la carte restaurants were horrible as well, the only one that I liked was the sea food place.The room where we stayed definitely needed serious renovation. The air conditioning was having its own life - sometimes it worked and sometimes it didn't. We asked them to fix it three times and nothing changed. Sometimes they would not change our towels, even though I learnt how to say towel in Spanish - maid did not understand English - and kept asking specifically for towels. They always nod yes and then nothing happens. Also, people are very lazy and it's nearly impossible to get things done fastThe tours - I found them overpriced, the people there are very money hungry and they view guests as some cash cows or something - they would ask $5-$8 dollars for a picture with a parakeet, for example. 30 minutes of massage will cost you $55, 5 minutes ride on a boat to a coral riff - $17, three hours snorkeling excursion (Marinarium) - $70 per person, 2 hours horseback riding (which turned out to be 1 hour and 15 minutes) - $40.Anyway, we tried to get the best out of it, and the beach and the sea is still beautiful, but never ever, under any circumstances, will I go back to Natura Park or even Dominican Republic.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	1	3	

<Author>NoneColumbus
<Content>Beautiful, friendly (for the most part) but one problem after another We have done Apple for Cancun and Apple for Punta Cana. Skip this one and go to Cancun. You will get a lot more for your money.First. the good part. It is a beautiful place and the staff is mostly very friendly, even when they are promising you faithfully that they will do something for you that they have absolutely no intention of doing. The beach is nice and there was no toplessness. The pool is nice. There were no insects. They accept American money, even out on the economy, so there is no need to change money. The weather couldn't have been better. No problems with European guests. They were very nice and many spoke English. We did not get sick, as we almost always do in Mexico.Now the bad part. There is a drumbeat of one maddening annoyance after another. They cut corners shamelessly on all the included stuff and the non-included stuff is very expensive.We flew out of Cleveland and had to get up at 3:30 in the morning to make our flight. We arrived at Natura Park at about eleven local time. By the time we got through the check-in line it was 11:30 local time, and we were dead, dead tired. The clerk told us that our room would not be ready until 1:00 and we should go and get something to eat. He told us to put our luggage in an unlocked storage room out of the view of the main desk, along with all the rest of the new arrivals. When we can back at 1:00, the same clerk said the check in time was 3:00 and he about bit my wife's head off when she mentioned that he had said 1:00. However, that was the only time anyone was rude to us there. The chairs in the lobby were very uncomfortable. It was well past 3:00 before we got our room. The room was mostly alright. It had a very large bed that was very hard. The air conditioning was adequate. The toilet wouldn't flush. They fixed that right away, but it ran loudly the whole time we were there. There was only one electrical outlet in the room that shared the very small and very dim television in the room with the coffee maker and my lap top computer. It took a constant stream of requests to get coffee for the coffee maker. You had to reach past exposed wires to get to the outlet. There was an ice bucket, but no ice machine anywhere. I can't imagine what the place would be like if you did not speak Spanish, which I do -- very well. The maid promised us over and over again to bring us ice, but never did. The place is in the middle of no where. You can't get off the premises without expensive transportation. The cab was twenty dollars each way and all I saw off premises was shops that sold poor quality tourist stuff.The tap water by all accounts is deadly. There were two large bottles of water in the room, but no way to chill them, because they were too big to fit in the minibar. If one had any water at all in it, the maid would not replace it. We ran out one night. They promised to send us another, but did not. We started hiding any part full water bottle from the maid, so we wouldn't run out again. The minibar is advertised as including free beverages. It contained one local beer and three bottles of Pepsi, which often did not get replaced until after making a big issue of it with two or three different people. It seemed like we got the best results when we went to the front desk and made an issue of it in person.The Apple representative said that there would be a briefing at 5:00 that evening. The briefing turned out to be a one on one pitch to sell tours. I did order the Santo Domingo Tour. My wife did not want to go, so I told the English challenged representative that I only wanted one. Then, she got on the phone and I heard her order two in Spanish. Since the amount that went on our credit card was in pesos and there was a big deal about that there were absolutely no refunds, that one might have gotten by someone who didn't understand Spanish. I was glad I went. It got me off the premises. However, they went to three tourist shops I can remember in Santo Domingo, not to mention the two stops they made on the road coming and going. Each visit lasted a good half hour, with two or three people shopping and everyone else grumbling out on the sidewalk. The shoe shine boys were very aggressive. If you didn't watch them, they would put a dab of polish on your shoe, including one poor guy in tennis shoes. Many of the sites were just drivebys, in traffic, with instructions to go to that side of the bus and take pictures out the window. We left before light and returned after dark.The buffet food was about nursing home quality. With some exceptions, the fresh fruit was unripe, hard and sour. The meat items were often very tough and tasteless. The deserts were very good, including four kinds of decent ice cream. The individually prepared breakfast omelet was very good. You have to make appointments to go to the restaurants. We went to the Perla first which is the seafood restaurant. I ordered a lobster, which came as a baked half. It was about the best I ever ate. My wife ordered something I forget, but did not like it. The sides and deserts were very Spartan. The Italian restaurant was ever worse. We got some sort of Italian named beef item that was very small and very tough. We went back to the Perla New Year's eve in the hopes of getting that lobster again. However, all they served was a tough and tasteless beef item, some boiled vegetables, a dot of sherbet and a hard to eat chocolate covered pear. We left hungry and it was too late to get to the buffet.The day we left, we had to be in the lobby at 7:30 that morning. When we got to the airport, the Apple representative made a long, hard sell pitch for tips, for him and the driver, with quite a guilt trip speech about how underpaid they were and how much they needed the money. Then, he and the driver stood on each side of the bus the door and glared at everyone as they got off the bus. I wonder if Apple knows he's doing that. At the airport, they put us in a line to check in. More hurry up and wait. There were people at all the counters, standing around and shooting the bull. However, for some inexplicable reason, they kept everyone standing in that line for some 45 minutes before they started checking people in. Our boarding pass said we were to go to gate 7. However, the guy standing there said it was really gate 5. That made no difference, because they were next to each other. A small machine made cup of watery coffee cost $2. A box of Pringles and a bottle of fruit juice cost more than $9. There was no one manning the counters. The plane was supposed to leave at 10:55. When it got to be 9:30 and no one appeared, it was obvious something was wrong. All the passengers waiting to board there were getting very worried, saying things like They can't go without us and someone else saying, Don't count on it! The airport has no information desk. I went to the other side of the airport where there was a plane boarding for Philadelphia. However, the guy at that station looked at my boarding pass and assured me solemnly that it really was gate 5 where I should be. 10:55 came and went. I and many others kept crossing the airport over and over again checking the gate that was boarding people and was staffed. No one ever did show up at gate 7. Finally, some 45 minutes later, someone said he had heard that we were boarding over at the other side of the airport. Everyone rushed over there and sure enough, they did board the flight back to Cleveland, some two hours late. They said the gates had been changed for security reasons. The captain said the flight had been delayed by a couple of brief rain showers that morning.You know, the thing that symbolizes the whole miserable experience is that ice bucket in the room and no way to get ice. Much promise. Little, if any, performance. Avoid this place. As long winded as all that was, it wasn't the half of it.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	1	2	2	

<Author>hmnjacques
<Content>Save your money!!! Natura Park, Punta Cana, Dominican Republic...41/2 * to 5 * ???Date: Dec 22 to Dec 28/06Reviewer: We're just a couple who want to save you some grief and hard earned money!What a nightmare this trip was...here is why:1st night NO AIRCONDITONING  our fridge was LOCKED in our room which holds our free beer and soft drinks plus other items you can pay for which we didn't do. They didn't open our fridge for 3 days...which cost us precious time away from the beach to constantly check up on this complaint. Then we expierenced NO HOT WATER one morning and STILL A LOCKED FRIDGE!Our Christmas dinner they served was horrible. We had reservations for 7 and we still didn't have all the courses served to us by 9 pm. One of the dishes were lobster, which I couldn't eat because of allergies and there was no substitute and others said it was smothered in mayo and cold, and tasted like crayfish! We then were served a broth that smelled terrible and I couldn't stand the smell of it never mind the taste of it. They sereved us a 1/2 of a frozen lime filled with sorbet that melted by the time we got it. The main course was suppossably turkey, but I've tasted better and played it safe and only ate my vegies. We left then not waiting for dessert and hoping to eat something at the buffet ...wrong again...this area was also transformed into the Christmas a la carte restaruant...and if you didn't make reservations like an oriental couple, you just DIDN'T GET TO EAT ANYTHING!The pool, and only 1 pool with no hot tub, only whirlpool with 1/2 the jets working was disgusting. Never looked after it and it was filthy dirty with hair, sunscreen and other nastys floating about it.There was never anything opened to snack on when we wanted to. I didn't appreciate that there were time limits on when to snack...never opened late enough.Drinks were weak and we always had to double up on the shots and they didn' t serve any dirnks in fancy p'apples or coconuts done up...just plain old glasses.No one smiled, and if they did, it wasn't often. You NEVER heard any of the staff wish people a Merry Christmas unless I said it first? No one sang or looked happy or made us feel happy for being there.The front desk was always in chaos! There isn't a proper manager there to deal with the complaints from the people. They always said to us, we'll write it down and let the manager know OR we'll take care if it in 5 min which is 2 - 3 hours there time or NEVER!...our rep. Julo, was a joke, he only came to our resort from 4:30 till 5:30 - 1 hr each day! No backbone on him. He was bomb barded with complaints  hassels from other tourists, I felt sorry for him. Get another job! The hotel was overbooked too so none of us could pay for a later extention on our rooms as we weren't leaving until 7:10 pm the next night. There was NOTHING they ever did to take control of a situation to make it better. All empty words of comfort and we picked up on that quickly as did others.My husband was so angry and upset at our situation that when we talked again to our rep, who could do NOTHING for us, became so sick and had to walk away from him before he would hit him! His last night there was spent in bed popping pills for his head and stomach and couldn't wait to get out of there. Our vacation was a nightmare and a waste of our hard earned money.I suppose if I had to say just one good thing about this place it would have to be that the sun was out everyday and the ocean was warm...but the beach/sand was always dirty with the ocean wash up...not like what you see on the pictures on line.WE'RE GLAD WE'RE HOME...SAVE YOUR MONEY AND GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	3	1	1	2	

<Author>emkww
<Content>Everything was as told - 100% satisfied Natura Park was better then the description I read about.Service was as good as it gets. The a la carte dining could nothave been any better. You GET MORE amenities then what otherresorts offer for more money. The beach  the ocean water couldnot have been any better. For the money I rate it a TEN. EMK  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>kittylit
<Content>our favorite! My (now) fiance and I just spent the last week of october at natura park. It was our second trip back to this resort and we LOVE it!The grounds are beautiful, the people lovely and very kind, and, of course, the Presidente is always cold! Although October is rainy season, we had only 20 minutes of rain one day of our stay. The food tends to be a bit bland, but we weren't there for the cuisine..although it is perfectly passable (Hooray rice and beans!) Apple vacations took very good care of us too. This was our first time using them and we would choose them again. I definitely reccommend this resort to anyone wanting to get away from it all.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>671tlu
<Content>Mixed Opinion My husband and I just returned (Nov4rth) from a 6 night stay at this resort. i have very mixed feelings. if the tip is right the service is great even though there were exceptions. Luz in Guest Services was excellent, friendly, responsive to the guest needs. our first room smelled very bad even though the location (on the beach, near the pool) was great. Our Apple representative arranged for our room to be changed very quickly and the resort was very obliging. the second room definitely smelled better but needed some repairs (bathroom sliding louvered door did not work. all the drawers in the closet were broken.) However, there was sufficient room for us to put our belongings away. i would definitely recommend the Santo Domingo tour, if you do not mind riding on a bus for over 3 hours. Restroom facilites midtrip not appealing. I would also suggest the Outback Safari. we enjoyed this more than Santo Domingo. Weather was excellent. i followed all the suggested accessory needs (Immodium, calamine, bug spray, etc.) but did not need any but the bug spray and after bite. the food while adequate was nothing to rave about. we met some wonderful people there with whom we plan to keep in touch with. Perhaps i expected too much after hearing friends rave about the all inclusive resorts for the price we paid (very reasonable). we will go to other all inclusive resorts but not to Natura Park.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Flortrav22
<Content>Keep Expectations Low My wife and I spent 5 days at Natura Park Resort from Oct 11-15th.It is a beautiful place, with outstanding landscape and lots of birds.Our biggest mistake was using Cocoa Tours, they were a joke. We arrived on Wednesday afternoon and had to track them down in the lobby only to have them take our main travel voucher and keep it (note here: run at least 2 copies of your paperwork and KEEP at least one at all times). The people at the resort asked us for this 3 separate times and were not happy we did not have the pink copy that the tour people kept. We finally got a note from the rep to meet him Friday afternoon (keep in mind we arrived Wednesday) to explain the all inclusive guidelines and discuss excursions. We asked to go on the shopping excursion only to be informed they only went Mon-Fri and we were leaving on Sunday, BUT if we wanted to pay $40 each they would take us on Saturday. He also informed us that there is a $20 per person exit fee to be paid when you get to the airport; NOTE: There are no exit fees to leave the DR!! He was after some quick cash!The only real shopping we go to do was at the airport when we left. The resort is quite a ways from anything and there is little to do but lay by the pool and relax, which is all we really wanted to do anyway, do not expect much more.As far as the people, I will leave it to say that Americans seem much more welcome in other areas of the Carribean. The people were cordial but not overly friendly and the language differences seemed to be a problem only when they wanted it to be.The resort rooms are older and contain quite a bit of mold and mildew, a roon freshener would be a good idea to bring. They kept them clean and with a good tip, you can even get an extra bottle of water.If you are after quiet and relaxing without expecting more than a Motel 8 atmosphere you would enjoy a visit there.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lizzylibrarian
<Content>Can't wait to go back! We stayed at Natura Park for three nights in August, 2006. It was an Apple Vacation that we booked through a travel agent. We had an absolutely wonderful time. Before we left I read the reviews on this site and took the advice of other reviewers re: bug spray, lots of $1 bills and taking coozies to keep our drinks cool, etc.We arrived at our hotel about 30 min. after leaving the airport. Our check in was very comprehensive and the staff was very good at explaining the mini bar (what was included, what wasn't etc.) and how to turn on the power in the room.A porter carried our bags to the room and showed us everything in the room. Everything was very clean and the room was practically freezing when we got there and stayed freezing throughout our stay. The power had been kept on by a brochure that was already in the slot by the door.We never lost power nor lost hot water while we were there. We also never had a problem communicating in the resort. My husband and I learned the basics but are really not Spanish speakers. But keep in mind you are in a spanish-speaking country, staying at a resort owned by Spaniards in which I would estimate 95% of the guests are Spanish speaking. It will serve you well to learn some Spanish. We are all guests in their country and should act accordingly.My husband, the picky one, LOVED the food, I thought it was okay. I certainly could always find something that I liked, even if I didn't know exactly what it was. My husband had no bowel problems. I did, but nothing major. (Immodium was my friend!) Since my husband practically gorged himself at every meal and had no problems, I think my problems were more due to the fact that the food was different, than it was that the food was spoiled or bad. We ate at the Seafood a la carte restaurant. It was wonderful. The lobster was awesome!We went on the Apple excursion to Santo Domingo. It's a long drive, but I loved it. We saw a lot of the country along the way. And Santo Domingo is of course amazing. I wished the excursion were longer, and I wished we had more free time in the city, but they work very hard to get you from A to B to see as much as you can in so little time. I suggest visitors take sunscreen with an SPF of *at least* 30, if not 50 or 60. Dominican Republic + August = HOT sun. We met a woman who had worn SPF 15 the day before, and was a tomato. I wore 30 and my very fair husband wore 50 and we had no problems. Apply often!I have read some complaints about the room number on the key. That is not exactly true. The number is on the key fob, so all you have to do is separate the fob from the key ring, and Bob's your uncle! We just put the fob in the slot on the wall to keep the A/C on. And we put our safe key on the same ring with our room key.I also read a review that in effect said if anyone had a rave review of this resort it is because they have never stayed at another resort. That is also not true. I have stayed at much fancier places, but YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR. I could not believe how inexpensive our trip was and kept that in mind while I was there. I have paid much much more for other vacations and stayed at *much* fancier hotels but was not always impressed because I did not think I got what I paid for. At Natura Park you get more than what you've paid for, in my opinion. If you are used to top notch resorts, or require resorts that cater to Americans, this place is probably not for you. I honestly loved the evening entertainment. It indeed was cheesy, but also cute and fun. I was never bothered by them when they did stuff by the pool, and in fact thought it was great. But if you do think you might be bothered by them, all you have to do is walk down the beach a little ways and you can't really hear any music at the pool. My husband and I are late risers and never had a problem getting a chair either by the pool or on the beach under a hut because we didn't go out until after lunch. We loved both the pool and the beach.The only true complaint we have about our trip was our Apple representative, not Natura Park itself. Jaison, our Apple rep's only day off was Sunday. We left on Monday. Apple/USA 3000 flights are confirmed the day before they leave. Jaison told us he would call on Sunday to confirm our flight. Of course he never called and he didn't answer his cell when we called. Of course we simply assumed that our flight was still on but we were concerned because the pick-up time seemed extraordinarily early. Another couple that was in the same boat as us asked about sharing a cab the next morning so we could sleep a bit longer. Wimpy me was nervous about not towing the line so we just got up super early and got the Apple shuttle. Boy am I glad we did!!! Since the USA 3000 flights are essentially Apple flights they have their own way of doing things. Basically they get all the passengers on the same flight at the airport at the same time and check-in is done by flight. I'm not sure what happens if they close your flight's check-in before you get there, but I did see some close calls for passengers who missed their Apple shuttle. Long story short, even though we were at the airport super early, our flight ended up leaving 40 min. early too.We are now so excited to know that paradise is now only a 3.5 hr. direct flight from our house! We truly cannot wait to go back! We may try another resort, but for the right price would not hesitate to go back to Natura Park!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>okguerita
<Content>Do you really want to get away? Then this is the place. Two friends and I stayed for 3 nights at the Natura (24-26 Aug 2006). This resort provided the perfect long-weekend escape we'd hoped for.UPSHOT- While not the fanciest resort in the area, Natura provides a laid-back atmosphere, a lovely beach, many activities for the whole family - and the opportunity for guests from the USA to really get away from the everyday. A vast majority of our fellow guests were from Spain (~90%), with the remaining 10% from Germany, Canada and the USA. The Natura is appealing to folks wanting a relaxing get-away, families and the like. In other words, don't expect a huge party atmosphere.GROUNDS: The Park's grounds are lovely. They're nicely maintained and don't have that hyper-manicured look you'd expect at a super-high-end resort. Kids will enjoy seeing the flamingoes during the day and hearing the frogs at night in one of Natura's many ponds. The freshwater fish are fun to watch and feed from the pedestrian bridges.DINING: They offer a wide range of items in their breakfast, lunch and dinner offerings. Most everyone can find something they like. Picky eaters, food snobs and the like will most likely be underwhelmed: a culinary gem the Natura is not, so keep expectations in check.BEACH: Really nice. The white sand is super soft, the water is turquoise/blue, and the palm trees sway on cue. Little thatched shelters are plentiful, but get there mid-morning at the latest to secure one. The Natura is located at the end of a string of resorts, which means you can expect minimal foot traffic along the beach. This provided a sense of privacy definitely not available at nearby resorts. ROOMS: Comfortable and clean. The AC worked well, which came in handy when the temp soared to 95 degrees F in the afternoon. Our room got pretty muggy at times, which was to be expected given the tropical location.STAFF: Courteous and hard-working. Don't expect everyone there to speak fluent English. Tips are appreciated.I would stay at the Natura again in future visits.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Dman51
<Content>Very Nice Trip. I just got back from Punta Cana and man was it a vacation of stress fun and relaxation. We had originally stayed at the Allegro just down the beach of Natura Park. The Allegro was a definite NO! It was rated a 4 by Apple Tours but when we asked the front desk we found out it was a 3 star, so i guess that explains the ants in the rooms the celling falling and no reservations. Our Apple Rep helped us alot and was always there for us, he helped us move to Natura Park which for the minimal price difference was worth it. It felt much more like a resort. The pool didn't feel like pee like the Allegro but very refreshing. Reservations at Natura werern't any better for the a la carte resturants as the Allegro but the hotel is much nicer. Satellite TV was a nice feature. Also the buffet and the Snack bar were much better and more Americanized at Natura if you know what I mean. One night they had a Dominican Market come in and it was very fun barganing with these guys. They told me that a shirt and a necklace was $48 but when I walked away from him he immediatly shouted Sir what is your price! I said $15 and he said ok so dont be afraid of barganing these guys. The shows at both place weren't bad one night at Natura they had a pagent. Miss Natura Park. It was very fun and exciting. In one part of it i had my shirt ripped off by a contestant but for the game. Natura Park was a nice 4 star hotel. I would maybe go back but just not so soon. And one other thing to add Natura had a nice swim in swim out pool bar. Enjoy your stay and I hope I help. If you experience anything thing as I did like Ms.Natura Park Let me Know. Thanks Dust  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nisey
<Content>Tropical Paradise Went on vacation to celebrate a 20 year friendship. We had a great time. The staff was ver friendly. Always saying Hola as you passed them by. The hotel was very clean. Some of the nicest landscaping I have ever seen. The room was spacious, and beautiful. We had plenty of room to put all of our belongings and plenty of room in the bathrooms for all of the toiletries two women would bring. Make sure you get extra towels. There weren't enough. The bathroom door was not very sound proof. It was a metal slat door that really gave no privacy. The food was very good and they gave you way too many choices. The alacarte restaurants were great. The staff was very attentive. The only complaint I had was, they only allowed maybe 8 parites or less in at a time. Had way too many empty seats for all of the people that were there. Maybe that was a way they saved money. Only allowing a certain number or reservations at a time. The pool was clean and a great temperature. Which made it great for cooling off. It was very hot! The drinks were always good and never short on alcohol. The evening entertainment was just ok. I found that the shows were boring and not very entertaining at all. I think they need some more rehearsal time. All in all it was a good trip. Very relaxing. If you are looking for nightlife stay somewhere else. I think everyone was in bed by 11:00pm.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>MKandZK
<Content>Engaged on the beach! What a great vacation! And for the price... you just can't beat it! My boyfriend and I went to Natura Park from January 20-27 of 2006. He soon became my fiance... because he proposed to me on the beach on our very first night! The resort is beautiful, full of plants and flowers and wildlife. The beach is beautiful too- I had heard that people were turned off by the seaweed, but there really was very little seaweed in the water. There are maintenance staff who sweep it off the beach- I did not think it was a problem at all. The pool was very clean and very large! We really enjoyed getting pina coladas at the swim-up bar! There are not a lot of kids there, which is something that we wanted. It was 95% adults, very few children. For us, that was a good thing. The food was very good... but it is not americanized at all. So chinese food is not exactly what you're used to... but if you have an open mind, I think you'll enjoy it. We had dinner at all three restaurants, steakhouse, Italian, and seafood- and they were all great! My favorite was the seafood. We had a great week, got very tan, ate good food, enjoyed pina coladas and bahama mamas... relaxed a lot... exactly what we wanted. We took an excursion to the capital of the DR, Santo Domingo, and that was really interesting and fun. It was neat to see the city and the culture of the residents. We really had a great week, and...we liked it so much that we are thinking of going back this fall for our honeymoon! If you are looking for very relaxing, mellow vacation... this is for you. If you want a crazy spring break/nightlife vacation, this would not be it. We loved it, hope you do too!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good time had by all We just returned from the Natura having stayed June 28th-July 1. My husband and I went with my sister and her husband. We have stayed at several all inclusives and this one ranked right up there with the others. The grounds are beautiful and the ground keepers work very hard to maintain it. One was cutting down some fruit from a tree, I am assuming so it would not fall on someone walking by and offered it to me. The flamingos are beautiful and it was fun to see the geese laying on their eggs. The peacock was fun especially when it came right up to our table at the main buffet. The rooms were pretty good. It does have a natural feel. It would have been nice to have a more private bathroom door. The maids were good and even came back and re-mopped our floor after the maintance men had to fix a leaking toilet. They put flowers on the bed each day. The pool was nice although we spent most of the time in the ocean. The swim up bar was fun. The bar above the swim up bar was a nice cool place to sit at night. Too bad the bartender, Francisco didn't work at night. He made the best banana mamas. The beach was great. We didn't have trouble finding a hut to sit under but if you want one right close to the water, you should go down early and reserve one. There was some sea grass floating but it wasn't slimy so it didn't really bother us. Plus, you are in the ocean so things will be floating from time to time. I felt so sorry for the worker who had to sweep it each day, put it in a wheel barrel and wheel it down the beach to where he dumped it for a truck to pick it up. And we all complain about our jobs!!!!! We went snorkeling to the left of the beach when you are looking at the water. There is a tree fallen down and there are two good locations. The better of the two, which is farther out is not real safe as it is outside the protected swim area and you have to watch out for speed boats coming by. There is also an area right outside the rope in the swim area that was nice. Make sure you take bread with you and your underwater camera. We took rafts to float out in the ocean and I would highly recommend doing that. Talk about relaxing. We bought cheap ones and then left them there instead of deflating. There are shops down the beach, but we found them not to be real cheap as in someother countries we have been to. You can deal with them, but it takes persistence on your part. I don't know if it is the same day each week, but Thursday night, they were up by the main buffet. Now about the food. It was pretty good, nothing great though. We definitely did not go hungry though. There is the main buffet which is where we had breakfast. Then there is the steak house, which we ate at and it was good. We did not eat at the Italian. My sister and brother in law ate at the seafood one night and said it was good. We usually ate lunch at the buffet by the pool as you could just walk in with your suits on and it had a beautiful view of the ocean. We noticed that men without long pants were eating in the steakhouse and the main buffet at night although we were told that you were supposed to wear long pants. So we tried it one night and didn't have any problems. There isn't much night life but that was ok since we were there with another couple. Not many people spoke English as a first language but we didn't have any trouble in terms of a language barrier. Now for a couple negatives, it rained briefly one night right before we ate dinner at the steakhouse by the pond. Just as we were finishing our meals, the mosquitos decided it was time for them to eat. But the staff was right there with bug spray although we still encountered many bites. So bring bug spray and be proactive and spray it on before you eat. You have to call for the mini fridge to be unlocked after you arrive and they lock it the day before you leave. But they did come get out the free stuff when we called and asked them to open it back up. So we got the sodas and the beers for the night, but they weren't cold. It would be nice if the fridge was just stocked with the freebies and then you wouldn't have that hassel. Also the electricity went off a couple times, but for 5-10 minutes tops. I still wished I had brought a flashlight. Also, there are no clocks so you might want to bring one. It didn't really bother us that much, since we weren't concerned with time. We did pay the $50.00 for a late check out since our shuttle to the airport wasn't coming until 7:00 for our 10:20 flight. There is a small locker room that you can shower in but when we went to check it out, it was hot and the luggage area was not secured by a staff person. As mentioned in other reviews, the is a switch that you have to keep something inserted into in order to keep your electricity on. When we got to our room, it was already going. Someone had stuck a brochure in it. So we didn't have any problems with that. It was slightly a pain to have to worry about the key to the safe. I like the code safes better, but I just took an extra key ring and put it on there or you could attach it to your room key. We felt safe leaving our things on the beach unattended but remember that your room key does have your room number on it so one could access your room and your safe if it was lost or stolen. Overall, for the price we paid for the trip (we did get a really good deal), we thought the resort was great. We didn't venture off the resort so I cannot comment on anything off the resort. We would good back to Punta Cana and would consider going back to the resort when we have seen the other places we want to go to or if we get another great deal. Try it, you'll like it.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>czbird
<Content>Beautiful!       lots of wildlife  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Ashanti137
<Content>Spectacular! Natura Park is a slice of heaven. The grounds with all of its vegetation and wildlife are spectacular. There are all kinds of beautiful birds, peacock, flamingos, varieties of ducks and fish. The resort is very well maintained.Despite language differences, the staff was very helpful, friendly, and accomodating. In particular, the activities staff members are young, professional, energetic, and sincerely dedicated to helping guests get involved and have fun. We participated in many of the beach games, getting to know numerous guests from all over. Our room was quite spacious with a walk-in closet. The room had the usual iron and board, blow-dryer, stocked mini-bar, coffee-maker, and safe. There was a large balcony overlooking a small lake. The lay-out of the room maximized privacy with the inclusion of a small foyer-like entry area from which the bedroom and bathroom areas were not visible. The main dining area, La Cana, was conveniently located. There was a very wide variety of dishes and many different specialty centers for things like fresh-made fresh-fruit smoothies, omelettes, pasta dishes, breads desserts, and coffees. The hostesses and waiters, especially Miguel, were exceptional in their hospitality and service. The executive chef was also very personalble and genuinely concerned about the guests' satisfaction and enjoyment of not only the meals, but thewhole Natura Park experience. We were able to get a reservation, with some difficulty, in the seafood restaurant, La Perla. The grilled lobster and wine were very, very good. The Spa at Natura Park is very nice. My fiance and I had massages and we were both very pleased. The prices were very good ($65 for 55 minutes). There's also a sauna, steamroom, exercise facility, and hair salon within the spa.Despite very full days, we managed to muster up the energy to go to the evening shows on the premise. Great band and excellent dancers and choreography! Each night had a different theme and different activities. One night there was a dance contest in which the audience voted by applause to select a winner among four couples. The ceiling fans in the area where the shows were could have been on much higher as the room was quite warm. One suggestion that we wish we'd remembered was to carry our own large thermal-type containers to keep soemthing cold to drink nearby! The plastic cups were very small and the ice melted immediately!We took an excursion booked through a third-party agent. I would strongly recommend going directly through a tour agent such as CoCo Tours. At first we were told by the agent at Connect Travel Services that the tour (to Sonoa Island) was full and we would have to reschedule. However, since we were leaving the next day, we insisted on keeping the reservation for the day for which we were supposedly confirmed for. The Connect Travel agent agreed and scheduled us for pick-up on the morning of the original reservation date. The Connect Travel bus arrived actually early that morning. We had a rather short ride to another location where we were to meet up with the rest of the tour party. We waited for over an hour and a half at a restaurant in nearby Higuley. Once the other bus arrived, we had a rather long, but scenic and interesting drive to the port. Overall, the excursion was loads of fun and well worth the cost.I would highly recommend Natura Park to those who love beautiful natural surroundings and want a wide variety of on-site activiities, including plain old RR! After a couple of brief visits to other hotels in the area, we were very glad we'd chosen Natura Park. And when it was time to leave, the sadness we felt as we said our goodbyes to new friends, assured us that we had discovered a very special place with very special people.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Searchin 4 Sun
<Content>A great time at a great price My wife and I came with no preconceived notions since we ended up at Natura Park on a 4 Apple Square Deal from May 12th to the 19th. All in all, the positives far outweigh the negatives. The beach is beautiful and relaxing and the pool and the lunch buffet are just a few steps away. The grounds are also beautiful. Our room was fine except for a drip from the air conditioner.The staff is very friendly, particulularly when you consider that they work 12-14 hours a day for 11 days in a row, before getting 3 days off. Many of the ones we got to know told us that their families lived hours away and they only got to see them on their three day weekend. They greatly appreciate and need any small tip you can give them. Since my wife speaks fluent Spanish (mine is ok) we were able to communicate with no problem but I can see how it might be difficult for someone who doesn't speak any Spanish. The drinks were of decent quality for an all-inclusive and they carried name brands such as Stoly, Tanquarey and Johnny Walker. The food was medicore at best but we didn't go there to eat.For shopping there are little shacks down the beach. We recommend Papito in store # 13.Perhaps our biggest complaint was a lack of late night activity as not much goes on after 11:30. This, however, turned into a positive when we organized midnight taxi trips to the Mangu disco which is about 20 minutes away. ($24 each way split between 8 people). We met a lot of interesting people at Natura Park from Europe and from the U.S. and our trips to the disco were great bonding experiences. So if you have an open mind and are a little adventuresome there is some late night fun to be had.I would advise folks to bring a lot of small US bills for tips, shopping and incidentals. It is can be very difficult to get money since the ATMs right off the grounds rarely have money in them. If you are able to get money out of the ATM (Dominican of course) it is even more difficult to get it converted into dollars.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TDUBS
<Content>Fabulous time at Natura Park       Room 3133  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had an amazing vacation! My husband and I just returned from a wonderfully relaxing holiday at Natura Park. Thanks to the mixed reviews for the resort, we weren't sure what to expect. However, we found the staff to be incredibly friendly and accomodating, the food to be great and plentiful (especially the wonderful juice bar at breakfast), the grounds, pool, and beach to be BEAUTIFUL, and our air-conditioned room to be fantastic (and not at ALL run down). We loved the open-air structure of the main building, which contains the buffet restaurant, performance stage, a bar, a game room, an internet access room, the gift shop and reception. I especially enjoyed passing by flamingos, ducks, peacocks, and geese (which were nesting!) during every walk through the grounds.  I know some people were upset that your key needs to be inserted into a slot on the wall of the room for the lights to work, but that is simply because Natura Park is an Eco Resort that is making a very welcome effort to save energy. One of the helpful resort staff walked us to our room after we checked in and showed us how it worked. My husband and I were extremely pleased to note the many efforts that the management is making to conserve energy and resources while still accomodating guests to an extremely high quality! Personally, I don't know why people would want to keep the lights on in their room while they are not in it anyway. My husband and I were at the resort for six days and could easily have spent another week there. We didn't even partake in all of the free activities that were available (such as paddle boating, a SCUBA lesson in the pool, and wind surfing) because we were so occupied with other activies...as well as simply relaxing!! We did go kayaking and snorkeling, played tennis every day, went on a fantastic excursion during which we were able to drive speed boats and snorkel at a beautiful nearby coral reef, attended the evening entertainment (performed by resort staff with incredible dancing talent and great senses of humor), and enjoyed the pool bar :)We are not wealthy people and do not have the funds to go to a so-called five star resort, but I certainly don't understand why Natura Park is not rated higher than it is. My husband and I would return in a heartbeat. My one piece of advice is to bring a large supply of sunblock because it is very expensive in the gift shop - between $14 to $27 per bottle. We had to buy some when ours ran out. Otherwise, we had a perfect experience and we highly recommend this resort to anyone who wants to relax in a gorgeous location surrounded by travelers from around the world and the most friendly resort staff I have ever had the pleasure of knowing.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Funfishing
<Content>Resort of Pardox!-Better know some espanol. Stayed here May29th-June5th-06.This may be longwinded but if you read before you consider this resort it may help.On the bus ride to airport as we were departing we were handed a map of places to go,things to see.Might have been useful upon arrival.Upon checking out 4 hrs prior to flight home found front desk failed to give us our bus pass to ID us .Took 4hrs the day before and 1 hour at checkout to review the phone charges.Don't dial9 from your room trying to use ATT prepaid Sams cards-NO GOOD.Everytime you use the room phone they charge $3US wether you connect or not.Took our duaghter 5 tries to get us from home to our room due to fact at front desk there was few if anyone on duty that understood english to transfer her calls, so she spoke to everyone in the resort but us.Apple representative either sick or dancing but rarely at his desk,so no real help here.Booked a few activities.Deep sea fishing went like this.Met row boat to go to Barbavro marina at 7:30am.Got onto boat by 8am.Waited for the Capt.to find more anglers til9:30am. The 4 hr. trip ended in 2and a half at 12noon.My wife caught a 40lb.Dorado which I paid $40US to fillet and after zip locking gave to the Capt. and 1st mate except for 6 to 8 lbs.of prime fillet.Iced down and took back to Natura Park to grill.Told my fish was toxic and a health risk to all the other guests if they allowed it to be cooked on pemise.Told us to go to the Allegro up the beach and have them cook it.Told MGT. if I needed to do this I would stay at the Allegro.Strange thing is the two employees I gave the fish fillets took it gladly and after they and their families consumed,did'nt die or get sick,Go Figure!Asked for some peanuts at two different bars at resort.One time got sliced pineapple and the second time got toothpicks.Monday and weds. the resort allows Carribean market vendors at the main restaurant.If you like being harassed and totally bothered then you'll like this scene.The gems are cheaper on the beach as well as much better quality.If your in the market for blue rocks and petrified tree sap set in .925 silver then buy it in town or at the giftshop.Entertainment repetitive but energetic.Service from Kelvin at the main restaurant was really superior.This guy went out of his way to make your stay pleasant.Food good and plenty to choose from.If we go back to Punta cana will book a golden apple 6 star at Barbavro.This was like camping out inside.Lastly the value for the $ was OK.,but unless they learn more english this resort is an effort.Funny thing is all the employees as well as MGT. love the US buck.I know this is mostly negative but true.Comments made by the travel agents on this resort should be listened to. I will focus on forgetting the bad and planning better for our next trip.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Resort rooms are very run down and outdated We were at Natura park May 22-27. The grounds are beautiful and the pool was clean. We arrived very late on Sat the 20th . We had no problems checking in but when we got to our room i was very dissapointed. It took us a while to figure out how to get the electricity to work in our room. You have to insert a card in the wall to get the lights and air to work. We weren't told about that. Also our air took mostof the week to cool off the room. It finally felt comfortable the day we left. This is our third trip to Punta Cana and our least favorite resort . The dining is open air..no airconditioning to cool off after a hot day in the sun. Very Very hot...I suggest to go in March or April..not May. Very very buggy..we are from Wisconsin and are used to mosquitos..but wow lots of bugs. The staff was very nice. We met the new manager and he is working hard to get the resort up to date. Yes..the resort is a Europpean resort..definitely not geared for Americans. The new manager is really trying hard to change that. If it werent for the amazing couple from Chicago that we met the first night I would of been extremely dissapointed. We laughed alot about the primative ameniities. Rooms definitely need a makeover. We might go back to Natura Park if they make major rennovations. On a positive note..the weather was wonderful and the beach like everywhere in Punta cana was beautiful. The Apple rep should get fired..he was a no show the three times my husband went for the informative meeting. So basically we were in the dark the whole week as to what was going on. We have used Apple Vacations many times and this rep was a DISGRACE to Apple Vacations.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>2	4	1	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>snorkelgal
<Content>Good snorkeling location       grounds Natura Park  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RR010363
<Content>Great time We were there in march and our first night we had 2 double beds but we went to the front dest and the next day they gave us the queen size room , because our travel agent told us thats what we paid for. The rest of the week was great. We had good service from the resort and the weather was good too. The out back day trip was something we will never forget. It was worth every penny we spent and we never laughed so much in our lives. I would go back to this resort again. Next time i would stay 10 days to 2 weeks, instead of 1 week. The food was great, even if you were a picky eater im sure you could find something there to eat.  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>an agents view My husband and I are both travel agents and returned recently from the Natura Resort, Punta Cana. So I will give you some hints and tell you what the rest seem to leave out. Yes the grounds are as lovely as all the reviews say, the pool is a good size and yes it is not heated. There are very few heated pool in the Caribbean or Mexico, the sun does it naturally and with the hot temps a cool pool is refreshing most days.ROOMS; were large, the bed very firm, but surprisingly comfortable. A huge walkin closet, bring extra hangers there were 8. We opened the balcony doors for a while and the room aired out. RESTAURANTS; the buffet is ok Breakfast is the best of the three meals, lunch and dinner are so so. There are lots of choices but it would rate the least favourite of all the inclusive resorts we have stayed at. The specialty restaurants are wonderful. The first day you are there go to the customer service desk in the lobby 9am -1pm and 4pm-8pm and they will book all three restaurants, give you slips with confimations and times and you are set for the week. I suggest booking early times to eat, some of the popular entrees run out later.If you try to do this on a daily basis you will never get in.This is a Spanish owned hotel that is a favourite of Europeans. You will find that there will be no facetowels in the rooms on arrival. Bring some from home and as soon as you meet your maid she will provide faceclothes and extra towels. Europeans do not use facetowels nomally. We had no problem once our maid knew we were from Canada.Because so many guests are from Europe be prepared for smokers, everywhere. In the pools(with cups for ashes) on the beach, in the restaurants, shows. The European women also like to go topless. On the beach, at the pool, the beach bar, swimup bar etc.STAFF; we had no problem with english at the desk, customer service and most restaurants. Very little english is spoken at the bars and we had a few with waiters.The maids do not speak english.Bring a clock there aren't any in the rooms and wake-up calls are not reliable. The resort was fine. We enjoyed good swimming and an nice beach. Would we go back to the Dominican, no never. There was a a feeling of never being really safe, and we were very aware that the Europeans are the perfered guests.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Much BetterThan Expected I was very skeptical about staying at this hotel, after reading some of the reviews in this site. In fact, after reading the mixed reviews I was ready to change my mind. However, my other choices were sold out. Then, I decided to take a chance, telling my wife not to expect the world.I am so glad the other hotels were sold out, because I had a great time. I do not understand the bad reviews. I am a seasoned traveler and I have stayed in all kinds of hotels from 5 to 0 stars. This hotel is a lot better than its rating. The grounds are beautiful, the food is good and plentiful, and everywhere you go there is good food and drinks. The shows were good but not the best in Punta Cana (Melia Caribe Tropical has better shows)Few things that need to get better:The vendors were kind of annoying, but only came one evening in the week. Not a big deal.The cleaning ladies talk too loud. I complaint and the next day it was quiet.The drinks are not the best brand name; but I am not much af a drinker. The Presidente Beer was fine with me.Reservation to the a la carte restaurant is not the easiest thing to do. I was happy with my lobster in the seafood restaurant and the Italian restaurant鈥檚 steak was great. Could not get in the other one. The buffet was fine. Needless to say I am planning my next trip with the whole family.  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise My two sons (21 and 14) and I just returned from a wonderful vacation in Punta Cana. Very relaxing, beautiful grounds and beach, very well maintained. Staff are pleasant and accomodating. A must is the Safari excursion, and boys enjoyed 4-wheelers. Food was plentiful and a la carte restaurants were good (steak - great; pasta and seafood - ok). Would definately return to Punta Cana and Natura. Downsides - room was clean but needed some basic maintenance, we did not complain, but the phone, fridge did not work and the shower drained slower than we would have liked, but plenty of hot water!!! Not enough to keep the 14 year old busy. Go with a open mind and enjoy, don't allow small inadequacies to stress you and RELAX!  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Browboom
<Content>Think Twice My husband and I signed up with apple vacation, 4 star square deal. We thought, how bad can a four star hotel be. Well, we stayed at Natura Park Beach for a week. It was the week from hell. The over all service was terrible. We got the impression; Americans were not wanted in their resort. The rooms were smelly. We had a hard time requesting a new room. The people at the front desk could barely speak English and were rude. The food was terrible. The same type of food for breakfast and lunch. Hot food was cold. We tried to order room service the 1st night, but no one would answer the phone. The beach was nice. The pool was small and the water was cold. I would not recommend this resort to anyone.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Heaven on Earth This was my first time to the Dominican, and I believe that I found heaven on earth. This resort has stunning landscaping and scenary anywhere you go. The ocean is breath taking and the walk down the beach to the left of the resort is unforgetable. The steakhouse was one of the best meals of my life. Although the other 2 speciality restaurents where medicore, I was not dissappointed with the resort. This country has some of the happiest people going about their busniess, asking Don't you just love our country? When will you come back again???When I try to compare the Dominican to Mexico, The Domincan WINS. I shed a tear as my taxi pulled away from the resort. My only warning to furture travelers is don't eat the lobster, and don't use the mini-bar. If you can afford go on the tours sold by the vacation providers or have fun bartering at the markets!!! I highly recommend the Nurse Shark/Bob Marley tour, it is a very fun filled day  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would go back in a heart beat! I returned from this resort a few days ago, and I did not want to leave. I would definitely return to this resort, and I encourage you to go for 10 days if possible; 7 days wasn't enough.The grounds were very beautiful, they were a source of entertainment in itself. My boyfriend and I spent at least half an hour a day walking around feeding the animals. The hotel has actually installed little boxes filled with bread to feed the birds and fish. Beware of the geese! One tried chasing me when I walked by and didn't give it anything.The rooms were spotless. We had returned to our room in the middle and saw that the floors are moped and washed every day, even the balconies. We never ran out of hot water as I have in other resorts. I have no complaints about the rooms. Be sure to request a queen or king bed if you are a couple, as we got stuck with two double beds (we opted to move the furniture around!). We met another couple who is more demanding in terms of rooms, and management accomodated them 100% by changing their room as many times as they requested (this couple was notorious for changing rooms many times in a week). The rooms were soooo clean that when we moved the beds around, there wasn't even a ball of dust to be seen underneath them.The resort beach area was acceptable, but take a walk to the left and you will find the most beautiful beach. It was truely picturesque. No sea weed, no crowds. It was breath taking.My complaints:1. They offer motorized water sports, and I felt that there were many boats going by relatively close to the swimming area, mostly like to avoid the reef.2. Not much to do at night, entertainement was mediocre. We retired early on many occasions which was not necessarily bad on a realxing vacation.3. VERY HARD TO GET MONEY. Stack up on 1$ bills for tips and try to avoid having to withdraw money at the resort as it is a small walk outside the grounds to an ATM machine with only dominican pesos (obviously). The staff also appreciated commodities like tooth paste or perfum as an alternative to money, so bring those old perfums you don't use that your great aunt gave you.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Resort My family and I just came back from this all-inclusive resort last week. The grounds were beautiful as was the pool and beach area. Food at the buffet was very good, varied and plentiful. The 3 specialty restaurants [Italian, seafood and steak ] were excellent, but you had to make reservations and all were difficult to get into. Drink choices were limited and often the bartender couldn't understand what I was talking about. Didn't order anything fancy-asked for an apple martini. My BIG complaint was the 2 times that week that the resort allowed outside vendors to come in and set up next to the buffet.You had to walk past those tables to get to the buffet and these people chased you almost into that area! Very annoying! All in all we had a good time, but wouldn't go back.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lab52
<Content>Loved it! If you would like a serene, calm and restorative experience, the Natura Park is for you! We have traveled to many islands and this was the best run resort we have been at. Everything ran smoothly, on-time, and most importantly- anytime you had a question, they answered it easily and quickly. We were a few of the only Americans there- mostly Germans and eastern Europeans. Lots of Domincans there for the weekend EAster holiday. Blau is a German resort company.ROOM- Clean, comfortable, not as fancy as some hotels, but nice. We didn't think the beds were wonderful, but we slept well each night. MAID SERVICE- Following a previous traveler's tip, we left a little gift each day for our maid and asked for anything we needed. She was a doll and went out of her way to help us. She was very appreciative of our gifts. (Her name was Nedia)LOBBY, BARS- Beautiful! Helpful people, comfortable. There is a large giftshop, medical cneter, restrooms, help desk, registration.ENTERTAINMENT-They have a wonderful house jazz band with a fantastic trumpet player. For the later evening there is a resident dance troupe that puts on great shows. What energy! Don't miss the From the Movies show- it is wonderful!!!!!BEACH- We loved it. We like to snorkel and there are wonderful things to see right off the beach. There is a little seaweed, but they keep it very well raked up. The pristine beaches have no fish!!! MAny, many people were snorkeling all week.GROUNDS- Different from any other resort. They have received awards for their ecological management. The buildings are no higher than 3 stories and use a lot of natural materials. The grounds are full of beautiful (labeled for you gardeners!) plants and ponds full of fish, egrets and other fishing birds. there are pairs of geese and ducks everywhere and peacocks. Very entertaining.FOOD- If you can't find something to eat here, you are way too fussy. From our experience, sticking to native specialities is always a good idea and sure enough the chicken, rice and bean dishes were great, but there were roasts, steaks, pork chops and a million salads, veggies, stir-fires and paellas. There is afternoon tea and pastries in the lobby bar each afternoon. Don't miss the whipped cream cakes! The coffee is amazing.TRIPS- We took the Caribbean Fest snorkeling trip- go for the dancers on board, but not for the snorkeling! Too crowded!!!We also took the cave trip to Los Haitises What an adventure!!!!! Not for the faint of heart (or legs) but a trip I will never forget. AFter a 2 1/2 hour ride, we arrived at our site and hiked for 45 minutes (rugged hike) then went on horseback for 1/ 2 hour. We had a light breakfast at the ranch and donned canvas overalls and rubber boots (you can't take anything else with you at this point) At the mouth of the cave you are put in a mountaineering harness and lowered 60 ft into a cave. It is a 2 hour trip to 120 feet underground with amazing formations and a swim in an underground river. The guide helped me since I am not a swimmer. It was AWESOME and worth every penney. The guide is Jaoni (sp?) and he is great and entertaining.The airport is wretched- very unfriendly and confusing. Check you are in the right place, We almost missed our flight and I found out afterwards that also happened to friends later in the week.So try NATURA PARK- you won't be sorry!LB from Stockton, NY  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ladievicious
<Content>Loved Natura Park!!       Flamingos near Media Luna  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nquinn9234
<Content>Urgent Security Notice This is a factual notice not a review. My family and I stayed at Natura Park 4/12-4/19/06. We thought we would have 2 adjoining rooms when we got there. Instead we got 2 rooms side by side. I had concerns, but my husband and I stayed in one room and my children (1 week shy of 11 and 13 years old) stayed in the other. On the first night my son opened our door with his key. The keys are not plastic pass keys they are the same type that you would open your own front door with. I was having many concerns but it was not the kind of thing that you could just change your room and everything would be OK. On the second day we had mentioned it to a couple that we met on the way down. They could not believe it. That evening they tried their key in another person's door and the door opened. On the third day my husband asked a women that was staying in the same area as us to try her key in our door and the key opened the door.At this point I was very nervous but I figured that at least the door has a security lock on it so once we were in the rooms we would be safe. We kept our valuables in the safe which uses a key not a code, so if your shorts are stolen on the beach they have your room key with your room number on it and your safe key.On the evening of the third day I went to open my son's room with my room key and he said,  How did you open the door with the security lock on? So with the security lock on, which is just a button in the door knob that you press, I was able to get into another room with my room key. That was the last straw. My children were not safe at this room. I went to the assistant hotel manager (because the hotel manager was not working) and in private explained to him what I knew about his hotel and that my children were not safe and that I needed to be in a suite so that I knew they were safe.The assistant manager told me he had no idea that one key opened more than one door and he put us in a beautiful suite overlooking the ocean. They were so accomadating and so nice that I feel bad writing this review but I would feel much worse if something horrible happened to someone because I witheld this information. I do believe that they had to know about the keys because they are the ones that copy the keys. I also believe that they knew the security locks did not work, and I brought to their attention that it was rediculous that the room number is stamped on the key and that you need a key to get into the safe.Bottom line- The grounds of the hotel are beautiful and the managment is excellent, however, you can't stay in a hotel that in effect does not have a lock on the door. This hotel must get modern security locks, pass keys and safes to protect it's guests. I also hold Apple and GoGo travel responsible for selling packages in a hotel without verifying whether or not their patrons will be safe.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Elkmeister
<Content>Don't believe the bad reviews We stayed at Natura Park for 5 nights and had a fantastic time. The room was big and clean, the grounds are very tropical and absolutely beautiful. The beach was great and the seaweed did get raked up every day and was no problem (This is a natural beach after all, not a pool) We loved the fish and the different birds. The buffet was huge, with a different selection every day and it was very good. The drinks were great, too. The staff was very friendly and always had a smile on their face. People complaining about the staff not speaking English should maybe consider learning Spanish -you are a visitor to their country!!! We don't understand people who go to a foreign country and expect everything to be just like at home -those people should maybe just stay at home- it is also puzzleling to us how people can pay so little for a vacation but expect to get the Waldorf Astoria treatment.Just remember that you will be eating different and familiar food that is prepared different, so take some Pepto and some Imodium with you, just in case..!The Natura Park is a wonderful resort and we would go back at any time.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>clc3897
<Content>Our Vacation in Paradise       View Outside our Room Window  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unfortunatly... The Hotel is great, the rooms are clean and the gardens are absolutely beautiful! The food was good especially in the A La Carte restaurants, very very good.Unfortunatly, we had bad weather most of the week, so we needed a little more service wich was difficult to get. The staff doesn't always understand or speak english, wich is odd for what is considered a five star hotel.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>missingpurse
<Content>disappointing in buffet and seafood a la carte One week of buffet and one night of seafood a la carte has been more than enough for me. yes your steakhouse a la carte and the Italian a la carte were fine with no complaints but you could only get 1 night at each. We begged and tried over and over but with no luck. The buffet had things to eat and lots but it did not look very inviting. I stuck with chicken, french fries ,lettuce, tomato, cucumber, and hotdogs.( Breakfast was mainly fruit or omlette and rolls .) The seafood was scary but the bottle of wine was great and we got a good laugh over the food. The room was great , clean and our maid was a sweetheart. We took her gifts and she told me she had 3 children and was so happy to receive the gifts of hats, school supplies, and other items my friend and I left. There were 6 in our group and we all were able to have rooms on the same floor and unit close to each other.Our maid left flowers on our bed every day and even suppled us with facecloths and extra water. The beach was handy to our room and yes there is seaweed but what can you expect , it's the ocean!!The water is warm and beautiful alot warmer than Nova Scotia ocean!! No one on the beach hassling you to buy the jewerley and etc. but there is a Cheapie ,Cheapie down the beach from the resort. ( We bought at the resort just as cheap with no hassle) The shows were okay but the music was way too loud. The dancers work hard but 4 nights of them doing the same dance with different costumes and wiggly the same thing gets boring. More karoke and skits would of been better. We took one tour called The Country  through Sunwing at the resort. We up into the mountains and horse back riding for half the day then on a catamarran for the rest of the day .Cost $99.U.S. I enjoyed it very much but didn't think driving tourist by the dump was a necessary part of the tour. I could of done without that and so could everyone else. The church they told us about, would of been a far better choice for the tourist to see and SMELL!!!!! Our weather was not the greatest but we are Canadians we are used to that. Now , I must say something about Sunwing and what I think of them. First I was not impressed when we booked our trip ,the next day they lower the price by $60.00 and we called our travel agent they refused to adjust our price to the lower one. After many calls back and forth they said they could do nothing our price stands. I got on the internet and contacted Sunwing myself who e-mailed me back offering free seat selection down and back in exchange, which I gladly accepted. Secondly, they were not prepare fpr us in Halifax as they never had any earphones for us so that meant no movie,and they ran out of food (on the way to Punta Cana). That was the first flight out of Halifax the stewardess told us. The food they had was good and yes we had champaange. Thirdly, at the resort we had no problems with checkin and briefing the next day. And when one of our group took sick and could not go on tour with us her money refunded with no questions or hassle. But the FOURTH and most important thing I found with Sunwing was when I needed them most of all they were there every step of the way. On the trip home , at the airport in Punta Cana after going through customs, getting my boarding pass, and going to duty free, I bought a bottle of water and sat with 2 friends eating a snack waiting for our plane. I got up put my garbage in can and walked over to watch the planes to take a picture and discovered my purse was missing.!!!!! Panic set in big time. No passport, no boarding pass, no Money, no I D's. I contacted airport security (they could not under stand me and I them ),found someone who was supervisor he called Sunwing rep who came to help me. Stephanie was her name she made call after call, checked planes about to leave , fought for my reissued boarding pass , reasurred me she'd take me home with her if I didn't get on the plane.Everyone was so good to me, so help full, I'll never forget it as long as I live. The policeman from Halifax, the lady from customs, the man from Detroit who offered to buy me another ticket, the gentleman in the plaid shirt thank you for keeping me calm,the man from Truro who offered his help, the young guy in a yellow shirt for checking the garbage cans etc. and my 5 very best friends in the world for putting up with me and my panic. No, I never got my purse back or my ID's etc. but I was able to get home from all the help from everyone. Customs was waitng for me at Halifax, they new I was on the plane and Canada welcome me home .God, I was never so happy to be a Canadian and back where I belong. THANK YOU SUNWING AND EVERYONE FOR YOUR HELP AND SUPPORT . I have blocked all doucuments so if you try to use them you will be arrested.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>5daystogo
<Content>It's Paradise!!! Two friends and I just returned from Natura Park yesterday. We were nervous about all of the reviews before we left....don't believe everything you read. It was an amazing week and none of us wanted to leave. The entire trip was unbelievable...we found paradise.The grounds were amazing. Lots to look at and tons of exotic birds. The ponds and bridges were a great touch.The rooms were large and the patio and added bonus. We had three woman in one room with no problems. Even the sleeper bed was fine, a little hard but okay.The food was great. Never went hungry and always had lots of choice. We ate at the Italian and steakhouse A La Carts. The steakhouse was amazing. We had the beef tenderloin...Wow! The atmosphere was good and the service wonderful. The drinks were never ending my favorite was the Blaus cocktail..I'm trying to figure out how to have them imported!We didn't leave the beach all week. It was wonderful. You could walk forever and it was all untouched beach. There was some seaweed but people were cleaning it daily and it added to the tropical feeling.All in all I would have to give it a 5 star. None of us wanted to leave and would go back in a heartbeat. It rained one day and even that couldn't dampen the trip. I would recommend this resort to anyone!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JAMAICA-LUVR
<Content>You Get What You Pay For My first impression of the hotel was ok, the lobby is set up nice, but it was all downhill from there. I will tell you up front if anybody says they LOVED this place, this must be your first trip to a resort. There are so many other places where it is much nicer. The rooms were less than average, they were full of these tiny little spiderish/ant bugs. They are all over EVERYTHING. They sprayed outside all the rooms while we were there, so I think all the bugs took shelter in the rooms. The blowdryer worked when it wanted. The maids yell to each other across the courtyards  up  down the stairs beginning very early in the morning. The acoustics are wonderful--unfortunately for guests who would like to sleep in. The beach was beatiful, but crowded. Don't even try to find a chair by the 1 swimming pool--as they are reserved by guests by 6am. They seem to do an ok job cleaning up the seaweed on the beach. Please beware of jellyfish, one washed up on the beach alive in the middle of the afternoon. I'm not saying they are all over, but it was a vibrant pink  purple color and would have been very attractive to a small child. The beer was cold, the tropical drinks were good. We should have stuck to a liquid diet. The buffet was repetative  had alot of UFO's.(unidentified food objects) The food was barely edible, and we became VIOLENTLY ill for two days. The hotel has EXCELLENT plumbing. The 3 alacarte restaurants were ok, but when we went to the seafood restaurant they had lobster bisque on the menu. I ordered it, it was brown  gross. Consequently the next day at the lunch buffet by the beach, they had seafood soup. It was the same gross brown bisque from the night before. We got sick after we ate at the steak restaurant. I will never eat lambchops again. My friend did not eat any of the same foods as I did at the steakhouse  she was sick, too. We took turns in  out of the bathroom for 2 days. The bathroom doors are not soundproof, they are like wooden blinds. We wasted alot of tap water running the sink as not to offend each other with various bathroom noises. Forget the room service. We called  told them we were sick  asked for bread, a fruit plate  lemon lime soda. After 2 hours they showed up with pineapple  diet cola...rough on a bad stomach. The property itself is clean  well maintained. The staff is friendly. The music is merengue or however you spell it. I was not impressed with this resort at all, but it was lower priced than most of the others. Like I say, you get what you pay for!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful, mature nature resort My husband and I celebrated our 25th wedding anniversary at this all-inclusive resort, our first. The pictures we had seen of this resort didn't do it justice. The nature and scenery were spectacular. For such a large resort we didn't get the feeling of there being a lot of people even though the resort was full. The layout was well planned. Our room was very clean and generally in good condition. My husband thought the room was starting to look a little tired. It wouldn't need a lot of fixing up. We had a room with a garden view and the view was beautiful and quiet from our balcony.The food from the main buffet was a litttle iffy. The cold mixed salads looked beautiful but tasted all disappointingly the same(salty). There seemed to be a chef or 2 that had a heavy hand with the salt--noticed with some soups as well. Overall once you got past those the food was very good.Staff was friendly and generally helpful.We would highly recommend this resort and would go again.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Beach If you are planning to go to Punta Cana, Dominican Rep., I can recommend the beautiful resort, Natura Park Eco Resort. In this resort, you can find a beautiful natural environment, wild birds , very quiet and clean rooms, great and friendly people (even though not all staff speak English, however, all of them are willing to make your vacation enjoyable). The beach is beautiful with white sand and you can walk forever. There are no vendors harassing guests on the beach. The water is clear and the beach is well maintained with plenty of lounge chairs. There were the usual resort activities: volleyball, water polo, some meringue lessons.On the other hand, in our experience there are many things that the management could improve and make this a 5 star Resort. For example: If you like alcoholic beverages be prepared to drink a lot because in my opinion the bottles are diluted with something, but I am not sure. Some wine was poured from a large white plastic bleach container!If you purchased all inclusive package you have the right to have a la carte dinners in each of the 3 restaurants, my advice; if you drink wine (red or white) purchase your own at the Duty Free because the Spanish house wine that they serve with the meals is terrible! The food was better than the buffet, but in this resort, food and drink is not the highlight.Talking about the buffet, in my personal opinion, in general its ok. Some of the meals in the buffet were very greasy, and very salty, and the seafood is not great as I expected. We were a little sick after eating seafood but we are not sure if the seafood was the cause. However, be prepared and take a big bottle of Pepto Bismol with you (helps). Another good piece of advice is; bring small bills in American dollars because it is very difficult to change large bills for small ones. Tip your room maid the first day and you will get plenty of water, coffee, beer extra towels and changed linens when you want. There is a spa on site, (extra charge) the mud massage (called fango) was great. 3 clay tennis available. After spending a week in Natura Park, I found our time was enjoyable, we had a good time in a beautiful place, and people were very hospitable. However, I won鈥檛 come back there, I will try another resort in the Caribbean next time.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lesley4746
<Content>several robberies The place was fine. Good beach, good weather. Food ok- plenty of variety but quality is what you'd expect for an all-inclusive.The second night of our stay, we went to dinner for about 1 1/2hrs. When I returned to the room, I noticed somebody had been in our room to change out some burned out lightbulbs. Our safe key was hidden among our belongings. (This was the only time we had forgotten to take it with us) When I checked the safe, I realized all of our cash, except the $1's, had been taken.Given that we could easily identify the time this occurred, I had hoped we'd get support from management. We spent 3 days being told to go see somebody else (guest services, front desk, somebody came to our room). But ultimately, the hotel was unwilling to either refund any money (not that I expected it) nor were they willing to give us the equivalent in services. (As we had planned on spending the $300 in Scuba and spa services) If I had known how little they were willing to do, I wouldn't have wasted my time or anxiety over helping them with an investigation.That same day, a woman came running down the beach screaming as banditos had held up she  her husband on the beach and took anything they had on them. Middle of the day, surrounded by other tourists walking the beach. Not a great feeling.Apple Reps avoided us like the plague. As long as they could smile and sell their additional trips, they really didn't want the hassle of these issues.Would I go back? Not sure.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dont believe the negative reviews!! This hotel is beautiful!! I recently returned from Natura Park Resort and had Truly a week of A Vacationers Paradise!Im a single guy and travelled there alone after booking at the last moment.A few days prior to my leaving for this trip i had read many reviews on this resort.I was a bit leary and had very mixed thoughts going through my head.Following my gutt feeling to just go there with a clean slate in my head and let me judge for myself.I did just that!Im glad i did!The resort is very unique and charming with nature and its beautiful surroundings .The immaculatly maintained grounds were so relaxing and extremly beautiful beyond ones imagination.The Resort is very Unique in its design and concept.The pool ,beach and restaurants ,bars etc are all so close that you need not wonder far for all of them.There was a bit of seaweed on the beach most days,some more than others but it didnt take away any of the beauty and charm from this beautiful destination!As for bugs,come on of course you have them where you have beach,sand,nature.i was lucky they left me alone.Id most certainly return to this hotel.The staff were extremly helpful and made an effort to try and assist and make the vacation even better.Yes there were a lot of Europeans and Spaniards and Canadians and fewer Americans.The language was NOT A PROBLEM,try learning a few words in Spanish before going it will work wonders!!I am a Canadian ,French is our second language here in Canada and I still Speak Spanish.Isnt Spanish the second language in THE UNITED STATES?Dont go there expecting THE RITZ CARLTON,you are going to the caribean.Go there for a vacation and let the ambiance and uniqeness of this beautiful place let you have a great holiday!I recommend the Saona Island tour its a beautiful excursion!There were many single woman there and even a single gay guy like I had a wonderful vacation!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If it wouldn't be for Hector the vacation would be a disappointment For Spring Break, I went to Natura Park with my mom. We had a blast because the alcohol was always flowing. A great variety of alcohol. The food, on the other hand, was not good, but we did not go there to eat. We survived on cheese fries and yummy fresh fruit. The entertainment staff was nice especially Hector and Feliks. Oh so dreamy. The waiters were also not bad, especially Teofilo. A negative aspect was that everyone expected tips constantly. It was annoying, this American custom truly spoiled themThe night life was not exciting. We went to Allegro and Bavaro to party and that was nice. There is a nice mixture of people that go to Natura: Belgians, Germans, Spanish, New Yorkers, Jersey, Canadians etc. Fun vacation in Natura but we would not go back.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Qdoggy
<Content>Loved Natura Park A group of 10 Cheesheads from WI. stayed at Natura Park from March 17-24, 2006. We booked our vacation with Apple Vacation and from the get go our trip was great. Our flight from Milwaukee was on time and on flight from Puna Cana home was also on time.The bus ride from the airport to the hotel was about 30 minutes. We arrived at the hotel and the front desk was waiting for us. Check in went great and there were no problems with communication with any people at the front desk. We all found our rooms and the ones that requested king beds got them and the others were happy with there oversized twins beds. I thought the furnishing in the rooms were fine the beds were a little hard but ok. The table and chairs out on the balcony were nice. The daily maid service was fine, never had a problem with towels, wash clothes or anything else.The hotel itself was beautiful. The grounds are well maintained by the gardeners and the people working on the beach did their best everyday to clean up the weeds that had washed up over night. It was windy at times and the weeds did build up but were no problem and didn't interfer with swimming. The pool was nice and clean and really refreshing, the waterfall to get up to the bar was a little challenging but fun.The drinks were always good and never had a problem with service at the bars. The hotel has many bridges and ponds where people could feed the fish, ducks, geese, turtles, and whatever else flew over for a bite.The food at the buffet was really good and you could always find something to eat. We found that if you went around 7:00-7:30 the food was always hot. We were all impressed when the chefs would fill a dish when it was only half empty. The broasted chicken was so good one night they ran out 3 times. The other resturants were also very good. We ate at the Seafood resturant and had lobster and fish and its was very good.We also ate at the Steakhouse, the food there was exceptly good and the service was awesome. The bottle of wine they brought to your table on ice was a nice touch. We all had the beef tenderloins they were very tender and we wished we could eat there again and order something else that was on that menu.The lunch buffet down by the beach was also very good and the hotdogs and french fries were good. They even cooked under a tent for lunch some days shrimp.clams,fish.chicken and rice.We went on the OO7 boat trip. It was a lot of fun and well worth the money. Other that that we went shopping one day and walked down to the shacks on the beach. The entertainment at the hotel was ok but after a while the music all sounded the same.We all met at the bar above the pool after dinner had some Baileys on the rocks and just relaxed. Later some of us would go sit by the ocean.About the only thing we found bad about our trip was the way the vendors everywhere would continue to bug you about buying things. We found things to be very expensive and didn't buy as much as we usually do.All in all our trip to Natura Park was awesome and we all would return in a flash.Anyone needing any questions answered email me and I will anwser them ok.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful and Exotic       Sunset at Natura Beach  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>saskid
<Content>Beautiful; Friendly....A great vacation       bar above the pool  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a Great Time!       Beach View  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kazamaza
<Content>Stay where you are! I have been travelling 2-3 times per year for the last 15 years. Never got sick in the past, but this time I did! This trip ended up costing us a fortune since my wife and I had to both miss work on our return because of the illness (especially terrible vomiting). My 2 years old daughter has not revovered yet. We ate at the boring buffet all the time: 7 days = same food, food sitting in 30 degree temperature on the buffet for hours. Staff were courteous and nice, beautiful landscape... but who needs that if you end up talking to a toilet bowl! I will never go back, thank you!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>dommies
<Content>First Time at Natura- No Complaints My boyfriend and I stayed here 4 days/3nights. It was our first time to Punta Cana and it will not be our last. Very nice hotel. Grounds and beach area were very nice and clean. I would reccommend this hotel to couples definetly. The food does get a little boring, but what do you expect? Your not in America and their cooking for hundreds of taste buds. Eat so that your not starving, then move on, that's my advice. Otherwise the complaining some people did on their reviews should not sway your decision. Experience for yourself. Each person is different. Have a good time.I would recommend the outback safari, take some tylenol prior or along because you may be be sore from the bumpy ride. The safari was awesome- great view of the villages and culture!!!One last thing if you ARE LOOKING FOR NIGHT LIFE OUTSIDE OF THE RESORT, NOT A BIG SELECTION! If your going to relax and don't care about night entertainment you'll be happy with your trip.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It My husband and 2 sons stayed at Natura Park during March Break (Mar 13-20) I must say this was our first vacation to the Dominican Republic and we absolutely loved it even though we got sick for one day, please make sure you walk with Immodium you're bound to get sick the first couple of days. StaffThe staff was amazing they are always friendly and helpful the maid cleaned up our room everyday, fresh towels was always there the floors was mopped every day. The staff at the beach that provided activities and dancing lessons was absolutely the best, always a smile on their face and friendly. The kids had activities everyday and was alway included. The staff are the most hard working people, please make sure you do tip them as they go out of their way to make you feel at home. BeachThe beach was great, they were seaweeds on the beach and there was always someone there everyday cleaning up the seaweeds, lots of beach chairs it was fanastic.PoolThe pool was also great, cold but once you're in the there you don't feel it that much especially when the sun is out the swim up bar is excellent. They should clean up the pool every day, while we were there we saw a guy cleaning the pool out of the 7 days we were there. There was dirty cups in the pool they need to clean it everyday other than that it was great.ResturantsThe buffet resturant is okay should have more variety or they should do a theme of different meals everday other than that it was okay. The Steak and Grill resturant was excellent and so was the sea food that was also excellent you might want to skip the Italian Resturant as I was told by friends the food wasn't great and didn't offer much italian selections.OverallVery very nice resort it was always kept clean, the entertainment at night was the best, the bars was good the buffet resturant they should have more variety of food, the resturant on the beach should also include chicken or veggie for people that are vegetarians. Great Resort.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It, but beware My wife and I spent one glorious week at the Natura Park Resort from March 4 - 11, 2006. On the whole the resort was fantastic. The grounds are stunning, the facilities are above average and the beach is perfect (some seaweed, but it is not a problem). Alot of wildlife wander the grounds. We met Bossy Boots and the wife(ducks) who absolutely have control over the grounds. They are no problem whatsover, and provide alot of fun. ROOMS: The rooms are average sized and are kept very clean. The cleaning staff ensured the rooms were cleaned and the sheets were changed regularly. We always had hot water and towels; our request for extra toilet paper was answered quickly! The shower would leak when used but again it was no problem.FOOD: We would have to say the food was average, the buffet may have been a little boring as far as selection goes. The steakhouse was by far the best a la carte restaurant, followed by the Italian restaurant, we did not eat in the Seafood restaurant but heard from other guests it was okay. We would liked to have seen more snacks available during the day. Unfortunately we were both sick one day. Don;t forget to take the Immodium. FACILITIES: The pool and beach were perfect, the swim up bar saw a lot of action! The pool was extremely clean and the water was refreshing. People have said they found it cold, we did not. The beach was great. The water was very warm, just perfect. Some seaweed would wash up, as expected, but there was always a crew on duty to clean it up. The drinks are in no way watered down you are always served with a smile. Highly recommended, the Blau's. Lots of activities are planned daily, the crazy games are fun , the beer chugging contest always will provide a laugh. The staff in charge of the activities were absolutely wonderful and they also included the children.(childrens) The 10:00 am call was Wakey Wakey for the stretching. These people were stil there at 10:00 pm. at night.(They worked very hard).WEATHER: Perfect, one day of clouds, there is always a wind blowing. From our experience mornings tend to be cloudy, but the clouds did retreat by mid-morning.STAFF: Generally the staff were terrific. The waiters, bartenders, cleaning staff, and hostesses were more than friendly and always willing to help you to ensure you are comfortable. These people were always grateful for any tips, which they deserved! However please be aware that the staff you wish to be the most helpful and friendly, namely the reception staff, guest services staff and our tour operator were the least helpful of all! We experienced problems in securing our reservations for the a la carte restaurants (for some reason we were always asked to come back at a later time, and when we did so were told no reservations were available, then when pushed a reservation for a later time was opened). The reception staff did not seem interested in providing assistance. We were running low on money, we were told that an ATM was just off-site of the grounds. We discovered however the ATM was out of service and had been for the previous couple of days and the staff was aware of this, yet still were directing guests to use it. After much discussion we were advised there was a bank located at a neighboring resort approximately 5 minutes away by cab. We asked reception staff to call us a cab repeatedly. After 45 minutes of waiting it was clear that none of the staff saw to our request. By chance our tour operator from Sunwing happened by and when he was told of our predicament he showed no interest in helping us nor did he provide us with any assistance other than calling us a cab and asking us If we were happy now? The tour operator also directed us to the ATM but when we advised him it was not in service he acknowledged that he knew that but did not offer any explanation as to why he would send us back there knowing it was not in service. Please be aware that if you need to go to a bank make sure you have your passport with you. ATM's dispense only pesos. This was another bit of info that was not relayed to us which they were aware of . We spent $10.00 on a cab , got to the bank and they would not help us without a passport. Also be aware that if you have a late flight out of the country the resort will give you an option of retaining your room beyond the noon hour checkout(if available)for an additional fee of $25.00 U.S. per person. We decided to take advantage of this and were told we could retain our room until 4:30 the day of our checkout, but what was not told to us prior was that payment was cash only!We discovered this when we were checking out not having sufficient U.S. funds left they would not accept payment for this charge on our credit card. After much discussion and asking to speak with management, they finally accepted the credit card but they were not happy to do so. The hotel did give you a complimentary room for showers and luggage storage but there was a lineup of about 5 people at one time wanting to use the facilities about an hour before the bus was picking us up. OVERALL: Overall we have to say our stay was enjoyable. Although frustrating the problems encountered did not damper our vacation too much. This was our first time to the Dominican having travelled in Mexico previously there is a discernable difference between the 2 countries. We will know better next time if we decide to return to the DR. We met some very fantastic people that only added to our enjoyment. We would like to say hi to Rich  Dianne from New Jersey, Ryan  Shannon from Montreal, and Bambi and the gang from Pittsburgh if any of you are reading this we would love to keep in touch and our e-mail address is engler79@sympatico.ca. One bit of advice if we may to the European travellers, staff at the resort are not your personal valets or your personal staff. Treat them with some respect, a smile can go a long way. In concluding I am sure everyone will enjoy their stay at this resort.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>cboer711
<Content>Saw a dead rat, it must have eaten the buffet food First of all the food was inedible. One our third day, on the way to the beach, I noticed a dead rat by the beach restaurant. The food was of really questionable quality, I wonder if the rat didn't end up in one of the dishes. It was scary eating anything, always with the thought that I would get sick. I didn't, but I stick to rice tacos and vegetables. There are so many all inclusive resorts in punta cana, do not stay at natura park or you may end up like the rat. That being said, Natura Park is an aesthetically pleasing resort. The ocean is beautiful and the seaweed on the beach is not that bad. The other positive is that there are no resorts to the north for at least 4 or 5 miles and it is a beautiful walk. The positives will end there. At check in we were put in one of the worst rooms I have ever seen. Even with the low cost of the hotel, I complained after much pushing we were changed to another room closer to the beach for the first night and a nicer ocean view room for the rest of the stay (which made the stay bearable). It seems that management tries to put you in the worst rooms available, as there were rooms open but many newcomers were put into the worst rooms. There is a lot of standing water on the property that creates a mosquito breeding ground. Also, it is nice that there are ducks and flamingos on the property, but they are incredible noisy at all hours. Additionally, the resort claims it is an eco-resort, which could not be farther from the truth. The birds wings were clipped, there is constant feeding of the animals, and it seems that they use the eco name to avoid having to wash or change your sheets or to reuse old food.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible!!! We just returned from the Dominican and stayed at Natura Park in Punta Cana. What a nightmare! The property itself was beautiful but everything else was terrible. The rooms are dirty and very tired looking. Tiles falling off the walls in the bathroom, no working blow dryers, dirty floors. The food in the buffet was barely edible. Very little choices and the quality was poor.When we did try to complain with the management there were dozens of guests in front of us trying to do the same. The general attitude of the staff was who cares. The staff spoke very poor English.I wouldn't stay here again if the trip was free!!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice place to go I haven't been in RD before and I won't be able to compare Natural Park with the other hotels. However, I, my wife and my two years old son had a great time at Natural Park. We had a lot of fun and met a lot of people. Food was great, but I think they could have more variety. For example fresh fruit juices were missing.Overall, It was a great place and I do recommend natural Park to my friends  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Funbobby69
<Content>Nice resort but watch the food. Feb 2006 - Natura Park Punta Cana (Elissa and Rob from Toronto Canada) Check inNo problems there. They spoke English well and we had no troubles communicating with them.RoomFantastic! Clean and had a great view. Two double beds, but that was fine. Doors seem to let every sound through but other than that it was good. The very last day we had no hot water. That sucked. If you have a late flight home be prepared to pay $50 per person to keep your room after 1pm. They do not budge on that. Not once were we offered to have a shower in a room like some of the other reviews have said. They did say we could shower in the gym with everyone else. But again there was no hot water.GroundsVERY VERY beautiful!! Out of a postcard. BeachVery disappointed. Lots of seaweed on beach and in the water. Go for a walk up the beach to get away from that. (Weird how at the resort there was a LOT of seaweed but up the beach (were there are NO resorts) it was a lot better) We saw one guy on ONE day cleaning the seaweed off the beach at the resort. Good place to propose though. 飦?Trust me.. LOL. Specialty RestaurantsVery good food at the steak house.(we ate there twice it was so good) We ate at the Italian restaurant and got sick (we think it was the meat in the spaghetti sauce) Buffet RestaurantsNot good at all!!!! If you want any chance of not getting sick get to the restaurants as soon they open. Everything is left out till they close. Not sure about the water either. I travel A LOT and have never gotten sick. This trip gave me two full weeks of the runs and two visits to the doctor. I think it was parasites in the water but I can鈥檛 be sure. Good luck getting a good cup of coffee too.PoolVery misleading according to all the pictures we saw of the resort. Don鈥檛 get me wrong it was very nice and clean but very small, COLD, and there is only one pool. It did have a cool little swim up bar under a waterfall. OverallVery nice resort. They need to do something about the food. That is our main complaint. Other things to know before going there is it seemed to be a homosexual resort. LOTS of same sex partners (which is fine but we just did not expect to see so many gay men in speedo鈥檚) YUK. Bring lots of Imodium and gravol and pepto鈥?  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a 4 star maybe a 3 at best. Booked 14 nights at the Natura 2-16Feb 2006.The hotel from the outside looks great, very nice grounds and a very impressive front lobby.The rooms are outdated and very worn out.When we checked in we were given a room with two double beds, I went to the front desk to complain and was told come back tomorrow, so I did and was told to come back tomorrow again. I demanded to see the manager he or she refused to see us but the room was finally changed.My main complaint with the Natura was the food its the same thing everyday. By the 3rd day I was sick of the buffet.The breakfasts were ok, the lunch menu was the same thing everyday, I never want to see a hot dog wrapped in bacon again. The lunch menu consisted of hamburgers, hot dogs, iceburg lettuce,chicken, pork and fish. Everything was cooked the same way everyday.Oh yeah I forgot the taco chips.The seafood restaurant was disgusting the steakhouse restaurant was good, great tenderloin. The Italian restaurant was ok.I ordered room service after an hour I phoned to see what was happening and I was told it was on its way, another hour past and I gave up. We talked to another guest who had ordered a wake up call and missed her tour because no one phoned.At 7:00am every morning the maids yell at each other in the courtyards so sleeping in was impossible.The beach was very nice except they only clean up the seaweed once in the morning so by lunch its everywhere.The seaweed might sound like a silly complaint but you go to Punta Cana for the spectacular beaches so the seaweed should be cleaned up more than once a day.After 7 days of eating slop I phoned my Travel agent and he switched us to the Catalonia resort. The Catalonia is a 4 star and it shows. I was angry at myself for staying at the Natura for seven days I should phoned my Travel agent and switched hotels by the 3rd day. If your ignore my warnings and go to Natura please make sure your walk to hotels to the right of the Natura and see what good food looks like. And please walk to the Catalonia it about a 15 minute walk to the right of the Natura and you'll see what 4 star food looks like.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>njgal13
<Content>The Best Ever! A friend and I just got back from a seven-night eight day stay. We have been so many places, Aruba, Nassau, Grand Bahama, Bermuda, St. Martin - almost every island in the Carribean and this was our best vacation ever.If you are new to the Dominican Republic you'll be amazed at how un-spoiled it is. From the moment you arrive at the airport (the nicest I've ever seen!) you feel your in paradise.Natura Park is beyond beautiful. It is not a posh resort, the rooms are simple, a bit old, but the setting and native feel it has are unbelieveable. The value is amazing.We loved taking the Outback Safari trip - Alex was our guide and wonderful - it was so much fun and worth every penny! You really get a feel for this beautiful place and it's lovely people.We also took the trip to LaRomana - nice but I wished we had done the one of the boat trips instead - it was a very long bus ride.The food was wonderful -- you need to make reservations for the three specialty restaurants the minute you arrive. Beach chairs were hard to get but it's really no big deal getting up a little early to reserve yours (we went down at 7:00 each morning)Again, absolutely the most wonderful time - we can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Natura Park was great Feb 16, 2006 - After reading some of the reviews earlier about Natura, we were a little concerned about things like the meals, condition of the beach, etc... What a great relief!! This place is like Heaven on earth! The food was great; The beach was great - the entire resort was great! There is a little bit of seaweed on the beach but you are in a reef-protected area. What do you expect? I just found it made for more enjoyable snorkeling. The grassy underwater hills, just off to the left were full of life; a little seaweed is a small price to pay. I don't know how anyone could complain about anything here - We can't wait until next year to enjoy it again...P.S. - Make sure you take in Manati Park while you are here, the bus leaves right from the resort and the park is excellent! - but the shark died, the pool is now full of crabs...  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Didn't want to leave We just returned from Natura Park resort yesterday. We had beautiful weather every day and a really good time. It was very windy a couple of the days on the beach, but never a problem and up at the pool area, you barely noticed wind at all. The grounds are beautiful, you can get a lot of great photos. Birds, ducks, beautiful flamingo's and peacocks roam freely on this resort. The gym is great and spa was very nice. Rooms are large and very clean. The resort was very busy, actually more people than we anticipated, but it is prime time for people to get away from winter. Just takes a day to settle in. The beach chairs are a problem, you have to reserve them early (before breakfast) or they're all gone and you end up spending your day laying on your towel. It's no fun wandering around trying to find a spot to sit on the beach, so if you want a chair, get up early. Seaweed was bad on the windy days, but raked up daily. There is lots of activity on this resort. The staff was always friendly and helpful. Food was ok. If you keep to the basics you'll be ok. Lots of food we would never eat, but we managed out ok. They make great omlettes and fruit smoothy's. We ate lunch at the beach resturaunt every day, pizza, fries, burger (weren't great) nacho's and an assortment of salads, pasta, fruit and desserts. We enjoyed our dinners in the specialty resturaunts, the Italian was good and the steakhouse was the best. The seafood ok. The buffet suppers were ok, but again lots of different foods that we don't like. You can't expect the food to be like it is a home. Don't over-indulge and don't mix drinks. Stick to what you're familiar with. The quality of liquor isn't the same as at home. We bought duty-free liquor, poured it into a pepsi bottle and took it in our beach bag every day and just got the pepsi from the bar. The lobby bar is the nicest, larger range of drinks but the beach bar is very nice at night. You can sit and listen to the ocean. We enjoyed this resort but it would have been perfect if there had been a relaxation pool. The main pool is very busy, but had an awesome swim-up bar with a waterfall and bubble pool. We would recommend this resort, just keep in mind, things are different in the Dominican, don't expect it to be perfect and relax.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Grounds! I would have to say that overall we had a pretty good time at Natura Park. We went from Feb 7 - Feb 14, my boyfriend and I. You really do have to experience it yourself and ignore the reviews. The place is beautiful, the grounds are kept very clean, the rooms were clean and very well kept. The food is average, you get tired of the same thing by the end of the week. The steakhouse, best beef tenderloin ever!!!! The beach is Beautiful, I think i miss that the most. You can always find a chair, as long as you are there before 10am. The only problem I really had was the pesticide spray every night at 7:00pm. It was pretty bad inhaling that stuff, but it doesn't last very long, and it does keep the bugs away. Oh! and one more problem, when you are leaving look on the reception counter for delayed flights because no one will tell you anything. We got delayed 5 hours and I found out from an 8 year old boy. The bartenders are awesome, especially night bartender PEDRO!! He's the best!!!!Pretty much, treat others how you want to be treated!! you are in the Dominican, realize that. The staff was very good, considering they do not know much english. but they try!!. Overall, it was a great vacation and I would probably go back. Oh YA!! The Expresso bar, Awesome touch, cause the coffee is garbage! For people who don't drink I recommend the San Franisco - very good drink!! Pedro makes it the best. So, in conclusion, Experience it for yourself, everyone has different thoughts on the place. It was worth the money and it was nicer weather than here. So, saying that it was Awesome!!!! One more thing if you are going to buy things at the market, buy it in pesos. We found that you get better deals. Go to Market # 4, those guys are the greatest and give the best deals!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful       A La Carte Steak House  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Made friends at Natura Park I traveled to the DR from Dec 26-31 with my 2 daughters and their friend Keenan. We were unimpressed with the Resort from the beginning because we were starving upon our arrival and the food stations were dirty, smelly and covered with flies. When we finally were able to get a meal the food selections were boring and rotten fruit served as the centerpiece of the buffet areas. The restaurant selections were the same as the buffet every night. The rooms were clean and the service was good. The employees were friendly. The pool was refreshing and the ocean water was great especially the snorkeling. The seaweed wasn't pleasant to swim through but made it more interesting. The best part of the trip was the couple from Toronto we met; they were very kind and great company to spend time with each day. We also met a wonderful group of French Boys, Spanish Boys who were very kind to my daughter Megan. They continue to keep in touch with her via internet. I probably won't go back to Punta Cana but I am grateful for the people we met!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great time Just returned from a great week at Natura Park Resort. The grounds were great and very well maintained. The rooms large and very clean, the a/c worked very well, water pressure excellent and always had hot water. The pool was very nice, the kids had a great time there. The beach was a little murky and there was some seaweed, if you walked down a little way from the resort beach it was better. Most mornings it was cloudy or rainy but this cleared up every day by noon hour, then it was full sunshine and hot hot hot. The food was ok, lots of variety and you could always find something that was good. The ala carte steakhouse was the best by far... the beef tenderloin was excellent and the portions were huge. Found the vendors at the market quite pushy so if you do not like high pressure--do not go, if you do, be sure to offer less than the asking price. Overall we had a great time and would recommend this resort.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great resort We arrived from ottawa canada around midnight feb 04Flight was great NP and I am not comfortable with the airport flying thing. Had our luggage and were on the bus in no time. Bus driver was laidback and cautious yea really he was. Check in was a breeze though directions to our room didnot happen the bellhop just said have a drink and and he would bring us to the room. 10 minutes later he found us and escorted to our room. Extremely friendly and polite. The room was smaller than expected with 2 twins but spotless. Still no complaints we were not there for the room we there for you know the sun fun and rum. 1 annoyance was the light switch no power unless you set your key tag in the light switch slot. I guess from others trying to bypass this the switch was on it's last legs hanging by the wires. I left the key tag in and just carried the key. Others told us the switch could operate with a piece of cardboard jammed in the slot. We were supplied with 2 bottles of water per day. Would have liked more but you could get the bottles refilled at the bars. Food at the buffet was good and there was plenty of choice no complaints there a la cart we tried the seafood grilled rock lobster with a beef type gravy drizzed over it asked others about this some said yea they had gravy some said they had garlic butter. Nice bottle of Spanish white (el terra) served with the meal. Coffee was cappucino cold and foamy asked the server if we could have hot coffee no problem put the capo in the microwave too funny. Staff what can I say these are the most caring and friendly people on the face of the earth. I read the reviews that complain about the language barrier c'mon people if you give an effort you will have a great time learning about their lives. I know very little Spanish and communicating was not a problem. I want to mention Iris at the pool bar. She is a doll her warmth towards my wife and I made this trip a wonderful holiday. I had made a small gift pack for her and her family. the basics pencils paper a doll some make-up a Canadian flag pin an evelope with 5.00 inside I had written a small note in Spanish on the envelope for her. I gave this to her early in the morning before our swim she was busy setting the bar up I later looked over to the bar to see her reading the note and wiping her eyes. The note was simple that we appreciated her kindness. Man to see her tears of joy over something that was so simple has stuck in my heart. If there is a moral to this story it must be enjoy your stay and don't get bent over the small stuff. The people of the DR are hard working and kind people. They are not our servants keep the arrogance at home and enjoy. Though Iris stands out she is not the exception all the staff are kind and patient. Anyhow this is a great resort with a great beach and we are hoping to get back there next year.Kindness is a universal currency that can buy you a lot more than things that are shiny and get broken.cheers  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Natura Park  I thought that the old caribbean, the one where you could walk a beach for miles undisturbed, was gone. It's alive at Natura Park. The hotel has a great beach, and from there you can meander next door onto the park's beach and enjoy even greater peace. The resort is just beautiful. There are lakes everywhere on the hotel property, with beautiful plants, lots of waterfowl and fish. The rooms are simple and clean, which is all that we needed. Meals are generous and the specialty restaurants are very, very good. I can't comment on the pool- it seems to have all the bells and whistles (swim up bar, games), but I didn't use it. The staff is amazing, very helpful. We will be back.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Older 5 star Hotel       beach  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CODA1
<Content>Great Resort for the Price! We'll Be Back We stayed1-30THRU 2-5 and booked thru Apple Vacations. Apple reps.were very helpful The resort and staff were excellent and pleasant The guests on the other hand鈥?most nice some rude and demanding beach lovely.drinks and buffet filling and satisfying.ala carte resterants very good . small tips and gifts go a long way here. Most appreciative and un expecting of tips and gifts were hamburger guy night security towel boy of coarse a few bucks for the maid our only complaint is the bed was quite firm . over all it was great! we would  probably will go back.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ratrout
<Content>Beautiful Resort       Beach at night  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>paradise       one of the "patios" of rooms  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>travel_guy_toronto
<Content>Loved it...       beach picture  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Most Reviews are correct. Your attitude determines outcome! Ok, it's going to be long and detailed...Let me start by saying, that this was our third trip to Dominican Republic, and the two previous trips were to far more elite and expensive resorts. None the less we enjoyed this particular vacation the most. This is not to say that the hotel was the best, it's just the attitude. First and foremost - we were well familiar with Dominican style by now, and knew very well what to expect. Most reviewers - good and bad, provide the correct information on this forum. The resulting conclusions and rating, IMO is just a result of their attitude towards it.Let me set an example of a wrong attitude right away: One morning I was in the buffet standing in lane for the omlettes. The chef did not speak any English to talk about (as many of the staff), but made great omlettes and fried eggs, a few hand gestures and sometimes spanish words you could find in most phrase books did the trick. Before me was a couple of cocky Americans. They showed chef the eggs and said two over easies!. He put eggs on the grill. Then when they were almost ready chef asked them by gesture if they wanted the eggs flipped. Their response: Comon, everyone knows what over easy is!. No hand gesture, just these words and look of disappointment on their faces. If this is your attitude - you may want to choose a different hotel, or even a different country, where English is widely spoken and service is more like in the States.Now to the details - I'll try to go through things I read in this forum prior to visiting the hotel and give a more or less objective evaluation to them.1. Language:As I mentioned in example above, if you live in the world where English is the only language, and you expect that it'll be spoken in every corner of the world you visit, and you feel insulted when not understood in plain and simple English - choose a different hotel, and even better a different country. After all, when people from Spain visit the United States, they don't get insulted that YOU don't speak Spanish, do they? Ok, English is very little there. VERY. Remember, that Blau, the company that manages this hotel is Spanish, and most tourists are non English-Speaking. So English is not requirement for most jobs in this resort. Not even on Front Desk everyone speaks English, though there at front desk and in a la carte restaurants everyone knows how to say basic things related to their duties. We never had much trouble getting the point across. The staff is very nice and appreciative, especially when they see you try to communicate with them using the 5-6 words you know in Spanish. 2. Dominican Minute:This is an ongoing joke I've heard in all three visits to DR. The people there are slow. SLOW. If someone tells you they'll be there in 5 minutes - don't expect them in 5 minutes. It's Dominican minutes, and one Dominican minute may last up to regular 10 minutes or more. They know it, and they joke about it all the time. If you are not getting what you want, ask again! Yes, we had to ask at the front desk and make 2 phone calls to have our minibar unlocked on the first day of our trip. So that's how Dominicans are. If you want things done fast - go to New York!3. Staff, tipping, etc: People there are friendly. If you are friendly to them. We never yelled or demanded things from people, and they always responded kindly. A little tip here and there is always appreciated, though nobody expects you to tip (a couple of times I had to almost chase down the waitress to give tip). However - don't expect that if you tip, you'll get a VIP treatment right away. May happen, may not. We tipped staff occasionly, always tipped the maid (and left her little gifts we brought along from a 99 cent store). There were always smiles, and sometimes some extras. When we were just checking in, I immediately tipped the receptionist, winked and asked that he get us a good room. Don't know what would've happen otherwise, but our room had no problems people were talking about in other reviews. 4. Other tourists: Most people in the resort were there to enjoy their vacations. Again, the majority were not Americans. Lots of people from Spain, Italy, Germany, Netherlands, Austria, Russia, etc. Also folks from South America. I've personally seen more Canadians than Americans during our trip. What I didn't see were rude europeans as some reviewers describe them. Of course there may be one or two individuals that wre not nice. But I won't generalize. Let me stress once again - if you are not willing to accept that there are cultures other than American, you may want to visit an all-American resort or stay in the States. Maybe this is because we ourselves were born in Eastern Europe and immigrated to the States as teenagers we had a better time being around this crowd. But if you simply don't understand their language - it doesn't mean they're bad. And during the nightly shows, when audience participation was required - thanks to those Europeans they were really fun! There was at least one large group of Spanish students that we saw on a few occasions. No problems with them. They may have made a little noise, but nothing to complain about. This is a resort - a place where people relax. If you don't like somebody, just step away from them. To conclude the topic - we actually enjoyed being among the crowd that's nothing like what we see every day at home. It's different, it's fun and it's relaxing. Loosen your breaks and enjoy the stay.5. Territory: I think this is the only topic on which most reviewers before me agreed. The territory is absolutely beautiful and well kept. 6. Mosquitos: Do bring some mosquito repellant. You may need it - or you may not. There is a lot of standing water on the territory, so naturally there are mosquitos. However, we only had one close encounter with little beasts. When we dined in the Steakhouse a la carte restaurant (Media Luna), which is positioned right over the artificial pond - the little creatures had their own fest on us. Stepping just a few yards away, and there were none. No mosquitos to be found in our room (we kept the screen door closed on the patio) or other restaurants, lobby, etc. If you live in one of the patios that's directly above water - it may be a bigger problem though, I can't testify to that...7. Beach: This is not the best piece of beach to be found in DR. However it has some advantages, and really big ones. Firstly, the sea weed was somewhat a problem, though not big enough to spoil the vacation. There was plenty washed out to the shore. Hotel staff kept working on removing it all day long. Also some ween in the sea. The sea, however, was clear enough to see where the weed spots are and they could be easily avoided when going in the water. But here's the good part - about half a mile into the sea there's a massive coral reef running right across the beach. It provides excellent protection against the rough sea. First few days of our vacation were very windy (20 miles per hour according to forecasts I've seen before departing). But our sea was calm! Just small waves, nothing to be worrying about. We could see huge waves breaking up against the reef far in the sea. None reached us! This is great compared to our previous trips to hotels farther north. No reef there, and in windy weather it was quite a showtime in the sea! Now, here's another thing about beach. This resort is last in the line, and from there a few miles of uninhibited beach stretch northward. Some of the places on that beach were nicer than at hotel. So many people took advantage by visiting them or even bringing their towels and spending all day there! If you want to go for a long walk on that beach - bring a footwear. At certain point (and we walked as far as next chain of hotels) beach becomes some sort of clay and rocks, and you may want to take the footpath in the forest, 15 feet from the beach. But you want to wear something on your feet there, simple flip-flops will do.8. Accomodations:As mentioned above - don't know if the initial $5 tip made it that way, but I would rate our room 5 out of 5. Clean, well maintained, no mossy smell or mold to be found. We were on the second floor of the three floors in patio II. The room was surprisingly big. Not a typical hotel room. Furniture - not many, a king bed (request one in advance, per their web site limited king bed rooms are available), a desk, couple of chairs, and that's it. Walk-in closet was a nice touch. It didn't have much shelves to put stuff on, however there was a big bench on which we settled our suitecases and used them as the makeshift closet. Shower, bathroom - no problems to report. The bathtub form prompted some water to end up on the floor when we showered, that's probably the only problem. A quick wipe with the towel solved it for us. Our room was not far from the lobby, and yes, we could hear very well the music from the nightly enterntainment/disco. Especially when veranda door was open, which we liked to do instead of AC. It ran pretty late (till 1.30am, I think), so if it bothers you - request a room closer to the beach. We slept very well to the sound of merengue though ;-)9. Food:If eating gourmet meals is the purpose of your trip - skip this resort. We always found something to eat, but food is definetly not the selling point for this place. For breakfest - omlettes were great, a good choice of European style meets and cheeses available as well. No American style continental breakfest. Scrambled egg looked a little scarry, but we were not funs of that anyway. For lunch we liked the beach buffet better. Chicken was always good. Burgers on the beach not very attractive. Dinner - a la carte food wasn't bad. I've ate a better lobster (I won't rate it bad either - just not very remarkable), but the Italian and Steakhouse were pretty good. Service was excellent in a la carte (except, maybe, steakhouse). Waiters stood by waiting for a first sign that you need them, just like in the most expensive restaurants I've been to. Dinner buffet - not bad. Every night there was a different theme - Japanses, Dominican, Italian, etc., with different dishes served. Plus the standard collection of dishes available every night. If nothing else appealed - pasta was always there to enjoy. Food temperature: Ok, this is a painful topic to many. Let's set it straight - all restaurants are open air. Food cools down very quickly, even if standing on heaters all the time. I made an interesting observation: One morning I picked up two pieces of boiled ham in the breakfest buffet, while waiting for my omlette to be done. I was very hungry, so I just ate one right away, and it was comfortably warm (warm enough for enjoyment, but not too hot to keep on cooking). Then I picked up my omlette, a glass of orange juice and settled at the table. When I bit on the second piece, it was cold. So, things get cold there quickly. Hard to keep them hot. The lunch chicken in beach buffet was always hot, because we ate during the peak time, and it went very fast. They kept cooking and putting out new trays. So no problem there. But if it's been out for 15 minutes, even on heater, don't expect to eat it hot. Once again - if you go there for food, you'll be disappointed, as with several exceptions the general food quality was medium.10: Drinks:In Lobby bars drinks were generally better than on the beach. They don't use things like shakers or blenders at all. Just mix drinks in the glass and use crushed ice from the machines for frozen drinks. Other than that - drinks were decent. Definetly not a five-star bar service, but I found them acceptable. Surprisingly, in the bars the service was quick, given the number of people making orders. I guess not using shakers/blenders helped to speed things up, but I've never had to wait for more than a minute before somebody took my order and never more than another minute or two before it was completed. Provided a number of people around the bar at all times and the dominican minute concept described above - I think this is a great speed!11: Activities/spa/etc.:When the wind settled there was a run of things you could do on the beach for free: kayaking, katamarans, etc., but you had to reserve those in advance. Also a good selection of motorized sports. We went to Parasailing and loved it. Reserved and paid for right through hotel - not through guys sitting in their speedboats between hotels as it often happens. Spa was good - my wife really enjoyed the package she got there. And the prices were right. I thought they were pretty cheap for a resort! Jacuzzi not included. At first we were disappointed, but then we realized something else. You have to make a reservation to use it. However when we came for the first time not knowing that, they just looked that it's not reserved right now and made us a reservation for right now. Soecond for a small fee of just $5 per person we had jacuzzy for ourselves. No need to squeeze yourself between 12 pepole you've never met, as I've seen it in other resorts. We didn't book any outside excursions, but I don't think they are different than in other hotels. These are usually operated by same companies that contract hotels and they just pick you up wherever you stay.12: Entertainment:I'll rate it in the middle of the scale. During the day animation team ran some games on the beach and poolside. We are not funs of these activities, so can't comment on these, except that they seemed to always be there busy with something. Nightly shows: main complaint - they started too late. There was occasional kids show or just live music at 8pm, but the main show didn't start until 10pm. Good side is that you can have both the dinner and the show, but not wake up early next morning!. The shows themselves: Ones that were dancing and theatrical we found somewhat boring. Ok, we come from New York, the home of Broadway, and such, so we may be spoiled. But I'll still have to give them a medium to low mark. The interactive shows on the contrary were quite fun. In big part because the audience was very active and willing to participate and fool around a great deal. Of course nobody was required to participate. We just sat back there and watched the fun while enjoyed our drinks supplied from the bar by a friendly waitress. Secondly, I think the host of these shows did a great job. Speaking in 4 or 5 languages for everybody to understand he made them real enjoyable things to watch. Disco started after the main show, at 11:15-11:30 or so. Mostly latin music - merengue and such. Also some dancing could be done between the 8pm and 10pm shows, when animation folks often invited lonely members of the audience for a dance or two.13. Shopping:Hotel stores - pathetic. Two times during week local vendors came to the hotel with their craft. Haggle hard and you'll get a great deal! Finally, just 5-10 minutes walk down the beach to the south there's a small marketplace right on the beach. The vendors there are a bit pushy, but we got the best deals there, not in the hotel. Haggle. That's the main point. Go through all stalls, find one that has all things you need, get them all out, and negotiate the price for the entire set. Just make sure you know how much YOU want to pay for it before starting to haggle. Never pay more than half of their initial offer, and sometimes you can get as low as 1/3 or even 1/4 of that. Overall conclusion:This was the best value for the money we ever spent on vacation. We stayed in some much more expensive resorts, that were almost twice the cost of Natura Park and I don't feel like they were twice as good. Maybe time and a half in some respects, and even worse in others. It is definetly not a five star resort, I think 3.5 stars is a fair overall raiting for it. But I didn't find it *bad*. Once again, we loved our vacation. Will we come back? Honestly - not likely. But the reason is: we are just the kind of people who like to travel to a different place every year regardless of whether we liked the previous stay or not. On the other hand I will recommend this resort to most people I know, except the ones who like all american service if they can get a good deal on it!  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tidobandito
<Content>Fantastic Experience My wife and I stayed at Natura Park from January 27-February 3. This was our second trip to the D.R. and we have traveled extensively in the Carribean and Europe. Usually, I look at reviews of the resort which accounts for 20% of my desision . Then price is 70%,location 10%.To sum it up we had a 100% unbelievable time at this resort.The check in was the easiest of any place we've ever stayed. We arrived at noon and our room was ready.I e-mailed the resort prior to our arrival to request a room with king bed and near the ocean. We unlocked the door of our room to find a king bed and a beautiful balcony that overlooked the ocean. The beach which is one of the most important features for us was great. It was scattered with gifts from the sea each morning but by late afternoon the hard working staff had cleared it. Basically, it was like shoveling snow with pitchfork for them. After watching them work all day I offered a beer and some broken conversation with one worker. He was very eager to learn english as I was spanish.The food was fabulous. Nothing over the top just tasty with variety. The specialty resturants were all very good. Do bring bug spray to the Steak restaurant. We especially like Ramon at the beach bar. He kept us full of champagne all week. Tips are always appreciated. We left our maid packs of paper and pencils, markers, toys, and candy and always had a clean room fully stocked. We are already talking about coming back here in May for our anniversary.I would recommend this resort to anyone. Yes, it helps to know BASIC spanish. You really don't need to know complete sentences to get your point across just key words. You can check out language tapes for free at your library. Besides, it's fun to learn new language and customs. The point is we are guests in their beautiful country, why not make an effort to show your appreciation.Overall, our experience at this resort was excellent. Remember while reading reviews: Some people travel to experience the culture,art,beauty of the land and it's people while some people should just not travel. Also, bingo will never be the same thanks to Danny  Susan  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Jillian
<Content>Great Vacation!! My husband and I were at Natura Park January 16th thru the 23rd and had a great time. Check-in was a breeze, had a garden view room bldg. #XI-2nd floor which was perfect, right in the middle of the resort. The maid service was excellent, the mini fridge was always stocked. Weather was very nice sunny and low to mid 80's. Pool area was very clean, as well as the beach area. The bar by the pool is great! Bartender Francesco always with a smile! Hello there FRANCESCO!!!If you walk to the right on the beach you will find lots of shopping. Food at the buffet was good, large variety. We loved the steak house restaurant also the seafood. Italian restaurant was just ok. Service was excellent at the steak and seafood restaurant. At the lobby bar where everyone gathered before and after dinner was a lot of fun! Shows were fun too! Staff was very friendly always trying to show you a good time. They work very hard to keep this resort clean. I did read other reviews about the language barrier, but we did not find that a problem.We would definately return to this resort.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KateSW
<Content>Would not go again We stayed at the hotel from Jan 21 to 28th 2006. We are a middle aged married couple who have done lots of traveling to many places overseas. The welcome at the desk was fine but take my advise and do not fly in from Baltimore- they land at La Romana which is 1 1/2 hours away from Punta Cana and I was pretty tired after the freezing bumpy ride and frustrated not to be able to get out and be among the people!! Our room was very large and comfortable with plenty of hot water, towels, soap, and drinking water. We were across from the nightclub so got to hear the show each night without even leaving the room! I would recommend making your reservations for the specialty restaurants soon after arrival and space them through the week as the food in the buffet does get old fast. I found the temp of the foods fine but the taste was sometimes a little off as if the chef had never tasted an original of whatever dish he was cooking. Do not miss Dominican night as the food was really superb that night. We did not have the best weather, not warm enough to swim and lots of wind on the beach. There is a problem with getting a chair poolside- they are all reserved fairly early in the am but there are plenty out on the lovely white sand beach. We were on an Apple vacation so all booze was covered (except from minibar) and the drinks were nice. This resort is out of the town so plan to spend about 38 US$ to get to town or just decide to stay put and enjoy a lazy stay. We did do the Crocodile dundee tour- mostly as a way to get out and see the countryside- it is stunningly beautiful and if you want to drink all day long this is the tour for you. They do have lovely grounds with lots of different birds and fish to look at and feed the leftover bread. My major problem is that I got an intestinal infection and I ate only what the resort provided the 24 hours prior to onset- my plane ride home was one I do not ever want to repeat. I believe I got the infection from chicken served at the taco bar so if you go eat only the grilled chicken and not the chopped up stuff they put out for nachos. A final word about dress- they ask for gentlemen to wear closed shoes and long pants at dinner especially in specialty restaurants but this was flagrantly ignored wear what makes you happy. I would not return to this resort as the food got tiresome and I prefer a little more local color and flavor in my travel.(Like camping under the stars with lions roaring all around me)  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>audiogal
<Content>A a good Time for a good price My husband and I stayed at Natura Park from 1/22-1/29/06. We paid a total of $900 per person from New York. We spoke to people from Canada, and even New Jersey, who paid less. For that price I think the resort was just fine. The grounds are lovely. The rooms were clean, though the bathrooms are a bit dated, with air conditioning that worked and a comfortable bed. Bring your own hair dryer. Afew times we did not have enough hot water. I got one bug bite all week. The beach is lovely. Yes there's some seaweed but it is cleaned several times per day. Get there early for a choice seat. The pool is a bit small for the size of the resort. The Punta Cana Princess has half the rooms and a bigger pool. We are beach people and only sat by the pool on the windiest of days. The staff could not be nicer. If you speak a little bit of Spanish it will go far. Learn to say hello (hola), please ( por favor), thank you (gracias) as it is common courtesy and much appreciated. There are many Europeans at the resort. I find them rude in a quiet way. They will reach over you to get food or a drink as if you're not there. They do not make eye contact if you speak. Europeans do not tip. I believe in Europe the tip is included so tipping is not their custom. This is a poor country and tipping is very much appreciated. I thought the food here was better than at the Punta Cana Princess (which cost more). Of course that's not saying much since the food is mediocre at best at these types of places. If you want a great meal go to New York, Chicago, L.A., Miami, Boston etc. not here. The food in Mexico is just a touch better. There was always something to eat here. The temperature of the food, hot or cold, would not pass the inspection of the department of health anywhere in the US. One night they had fresh pork that was tasty. Pasta was OK but ask them to cook it more (mas) to have it hotter. The buffet by the beach has rotisserie chicken every day at lunch which was usually fine. Once it was a bit overcooked, but I prefer that to undercooked! Rice and beans where good as was the salad and guacamole. We ate at the Italian restaurant. I had chicken and it was OK. My husband had steak and it was chewy and tasteless. The champagne was not bad and kept nicely chilled. Dinner at the steakhouse was better. The house band was really good and I would have liked to hear them play more. I only saw 10 nimutes of one of the 10pm shows and it was not worth staying up for. For the right price I would go back in a heartbeat. If you have any questions feel free to ask. mamie56@optonline.net  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>deejay
<Content>Would go back again!          Walking in the Water  
<Date>Feb 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We found this resort below our expectations We just got back from a week at Natura park,along with us were two other couples. My husband and I do alot of traveling and found this resort very depressing. The first day after getting into our room, which was before 3:00,we could not open our mini bar and called for someone to help us. Their response was 20 minutes. We were unaware that 20 minutes was the time line for anything and everything having to do with how long it would take . Several more calls were made for this problem. No response. The second day our friends had a knock on their door and were told they were there to open the mini bar. They informed them that they were at the wrong room and told them our room #. They never showed up. By mid afternoon after my husband made a few more calls with no response, he informedd them that he was going to trash the place if they did not correct the problem. Our mini bar was unlocked almost immediatly.A few days later we had no hot water and brought it to their attention. It was a building problem and they would have it fixed ASAP. By the following late evening, it was fixed. I would like to mention our maid, Shoana, was the best thing at the resort. She kept our room clean and well stocked. She should be commended for her job well done.The food was awful,and never hot enough! I read the above reviews and realized that the chefs must have quit before we got there. The selection was not good for us and were glad they had a pasta station to get somewhat warm food.We later found out, if you have them cook your pasta and they want to put it in your bowl, to have them cook it 2 more times, it is hot and good.The speciality restaurants were a welcome change. My cannaloni was cold so I sent it back only to have it returned over heated and hard. My pasta I got at the seafood rest. was very good and the beef tenderloin was very tasty in the steakhouse. They did have a nice variety of food on the buffet table, but the temp. was off on everything. It was nice to come home to hot food!!We had a few windy days and thought the over blown sand in the pool area should have been maintained alittle better. I guess they didn't mind all the sand and debris in the pool. My husband thought more chairs were neccesary in the pool area as well. And alot more pads for the chairs.When the pool was clean, it was beautiful. But that wasn't the case while we were there, Jan.23-30 2006.Will we come back...No, and we will not recommend Natura Park to anyone who should ask us.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>1	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>caribkid
<Content>Nice but not again This is one of the most beautiful resorts that we have been to. There is some draw back tho. If you are a person that enjoys quaulity foods don,t go here. We had some problems with are stomachs. The food was never warm or cold. The chefs never had gloves on. We also seen chicken sat out for hours near the pool snack bar. We also had roaches in our room. We ask for something to be done, they gave us a can of bug spray. The pool was only clean two days of are seven day trip. The staff are the best they made the a lot better.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>slayer
<Content>Very nice resort and service       beach restrooms  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mrvic_60
<Content>A wonderful vacation My wife and I stayed at this resort 1/13 to 1/20, and it was awesome. The grounds are beautiful with exotic birds everywhere. The food wasn't bad, always found something we liked, and tip the hostess a dollar or two a night and your drink will never go empty. Highly recommend this resort, and for the price you can't beat it.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sorry America, but we loved this place. It's funny what expectations can do to a vacation. Last year we paid $1,900 each for Dreams Cancun for 9 days. It was too windy, so-so food and no beach to walk on.. .crazed layover in Miami and didn't even have seats together on the flight home. This year we went on the cheap end: $771 for 8 days all-inclusive including taxes and non-stop flights from New York.LOVED IT. Relaxing days. The place, the service.. Oh yeah, not a single mosquito in sight until our departure at the airport. Too bad then I had packed away the Off! Why does no one mention the gorgeous birds? pink flamingos, herons, peacocks, adorable geese and ducks. How 'bout immaculately maintained grounds where there is not a bad seat in the house dining or drinking. Okay, so I didn't care for the LOBSTER. Next time I'll order the shrimp. I can't stop now. How many places have espresso bars? Well this place does. You bet I tipped!!!!No one mentions the adjoinging mile of palm tree lined beach to walk on. ooooooooh seaweed! so?Stay away Cleveland. The Spaniards, French, Germans, Russians and Poles seem to have fun there. So did I. Next time try Disney World and spend a few grand.Go again? I'm going again in April if I can.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Solo Traveller - Had a Fabulous Time at Natura Park Hello,I just came back from Natura Park. The grounds were fabulous!!! The pool was adequate, pretty, and deep enough for a good swim. My review is a bit long...It is interesting to hear different perspectives on this resort.I travelled alone as my husband was working and I wanted a pre-40th birthday treat.The negative reviews are surprising, but maybe my expectations were a little lower. We were in a third world country after all.Fellow travellers are right in saying that the staff's English was limited. Remember that in general, many Dominicans have not had the same opportunities as us. Problems were avoided because I made an effort to learn question words and some key verbs, and learned more vocabulary from the staff. Guest services were pretty good, especially Ximena, and Cindi. The staff were very helpful and kind to me, especially because I was alone and reached out to them, expressing gratitude in their language, albeit badly. ;-) I would like: QuisieroPlease; Por favorThank you; graciasA pleasure to meet you; mucho gustoGet a Spanish phrase book!!These politesses go a long way in making your stay much more pleasant. Treating the staff with kindness and respect will result in you being treated well in return. I think that more tourists need to learn this. I was appalled at how the staff were treated by some. I tipped occasionally, and the staff did not expect tips like in Cuba. I do wish that I brought things like notebooks, toothpaste, brushes, and other necessities for the people there.It was great meeting people from all over the world (Spain, Germany, France (love to practice my French),Belgium, the US... )and seeing the fun European fashions. The water was rather murky (but still turquoise) due to high winds and seaweed. The beach was really interesting as it is full of palm trees. The gentleman at the water sports centre told me that because we are in between rainy and dry season, the winds are a little higher and the weather is a bit turbulent. The clouds were pretty and the rain didn't bother me because it was warm. Unfortunately, they cancelled the 12$ snorkelling excursions due to the wind. I think it is a good deal. Windsurfing lessons were out of the question, too. I agree that it was frustrating to not get a seat on the beach or pool. A couple of times, after marked seats were vacant for a couple of hours, I just folded people's towels, placed them at the foot of the lounger, away from me, and sat on it. I had a copy of the multilingual hotel brochure in case I was challenged. No-one came back. ha haMy room was a little musty, but guest services helped with air fresheners and I loved my firm bed. I liked my room very much. The food was not too bad- lots of fruit, some veggies, good chicken, bad beef and lamb -mutton. ;-}The beach restaurant had good chicken and salsa.The buffet was not too bad. You can't go wrong with chicken!!Just south of the resort is hucksters' row ha ha. Cheapie cheapie, 99% off... Pay about 25% of what they ask. they can be agresssive. Be polite and they will be nicer.I enjoyed playing volleyball at the Occidental resort as well, just to the south of NP.North of the resort is a quieter beach which is interesting. I enjoyed our guided walk around the resort and on that beach.The Country Adventure tour was interesting and worth doing, but be prepared for a lot of time on the jeep thingie and a turbulent ride due to potholes. I was not feeling well that night and part of the next day due to the ride and the deisel fuel. Also, at the ranch it is wise to only eat the cooked food because you never know.. Bring hand sanitizer on these trips as well.I loved Natura Park because it wasn't a tacky party place. It had beautiful palapas and I think unpolished marble on the walls. The lobby is lovely and the sunsets are nice from there.The shows were fun (athletic dance routines - all 'round good fun). The animation team were lovely and I loved playing sports (v-ball, tennis, swimming, using the nice gym, and the merengue lessons. If you play tennis, make sure that you reserve and if you are a serious player, you may want to bring your own racquet. The racquets were adequate at best.There was a disco that lasted until just after one- a reasonable hour for an oldie like me. Overall, I give this holiday an 8.5 out of 10 (more than above average and less than excellent= 5 star at home. I had a fabulous, relaxing time and would consider bringing my husband back there. This resort is wonderful, and good value for the money paid.Cheers,Helen PS. bring insect repellant. The wretched bugs loved my skinny British ankles and wrists. I didn't feel them, until later. ;-0  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Grumpi
<Content>Great place : Lacking service We have just returned from the Natura Park Resort on Jan 15th. I must say that on the whole we had an enjoyable and relaxing holiday.The hotel and the grounds are beautiful and well maintained. It was fun to feed the fish and the birds that are there.The room we had was clean and very comfortable. Our maid kept us supplied with towels, coffee and bottled water. Our minibar was replentished every day with Pepsi and beer and it kept our water cold. We had a nice balcony to sit and have morning coffee or an early evening drink. We did tip our maid and leave some small gifts daily. The only problem we found was before the disco closed they tended to turn up the music for about half an hour. When we asked guest services about this he laughed and said he did not even know they had a disco.The food was good but not great. There was no need for you to go hungry as there is plenty of choice. My wife is a picky eater and she always had something she liked. They do have to make more of an effort to serve food that is hot. This problem was even noticed in the a la carte restaraunts.The service in the restarants is fair to poor. Tipping did not seem to help. At times I felt that when given a tip it embarased them and they would not come back.The bars and bar service was very good. They quickly got to know what you wanted and even with long lines they worked quickly and happily. Tips are appretiated here.All other areas such as activities, beach and pool have been thoroughly covered in previous reviews.Remember you are in the Dominican Republic Do not let the negative things like cold food and slow service in restaurrant ruin you holiday. Relax let it happen.PSTake mosquito repelant and apply it for the evenings.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>3	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>rude people ,invisible managment Do not go to this resort!!!! We were there from 1/7 to 1/14. This was the worst vacation we ever had! The people were rude and self centered. The food, not very good; the drinks, okay. The only nice person was the bartender who I tipped!! The beds were hard. Rooms have mold and bugs!!! The last night there my wife and I went to eat at the Italian restaurant. She took her first bite of lasagna and bit into a piece of glass and chipped two teeth. We asked to talk to the manager and were told he would meet with us the next morning. When we arrived for the meeting, the general manager never did talk to us. Actually, no manager was willing to meet with us. These two chipped teeth will cost $$$$$$$$$ They don't care. Glass was in the food and they don't care!!!!!!! I beg you not to go to this resort and find something with more apples. This place should be rated 2 apple at best.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Little Disappointing We just returned from a week at Natura Park, Punta Cana. The grounds were beautiful and the rooms were spacious and clean. The staff was very friendly but on the slow side. Service at the buffet was disappointing and we had to go search for coffee, cutlery and mugs.If you want a chair at the beach you must have to get up at 4:00. We were on the beach by 7:00 and most of the chairs already have towels on them even though the hotel's brochure said you cannot hold the chairs for more than 15 minutes. This was disappointing and most chairs were left vacant all day which I thought was very unfair. The weather was extremely windy and the beach was average. I actually preferred Puerta Plata and thought the water was cleaner, calmer and without boat traffic everywhere. The beach was covered with weeds most days as the crew must not have been able to keep up due to the windy conditions.The best feature I found with this resort was the friendly staff but the food was only average. My friend got sun poisoning and she suffered with swelling and an itchy rash all week. My husband loved the deep sea fishing and caught quite a few fish. Sail Fish and Maui Maui I believe.I wouldn't recommend any day excursions because they were way too overcrowded and would have rather stayed at the beach on the resort.I would give this trip an overall rating of 7/10 due to the beach and swimming conditions.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>polacy
<Content>Jusk OK The resort itself is very nice and the beach is beautiful although there is some seaweed that builds up each morning... It is raked up at about 11... Food was not good at all. It was the same thing everyday with little or no variety. The specialty restaurants were ok. Nothing special. To rate them... Fish (not good at all)... Italian (ok)... Steak (good)... The employees overall do not seem to care and are lacking overall customer service. We had four rooms and wanted to get one of them closer to the ocean. Not on the beach nor with a view, just closer. They said there is nothing they can do and to come back tomorrow. We came the next day again, but they said the same thing so we gave up.On the trip back we spoke with some people that this was their second trip here and they said that it was much better a year ago and that they would not come back. We will not either. The entertainment was not very good and we only went three times and then we realized that it is the same thing over and over. The bar does not have top shelf alcohol. Mostly local with very few of the known names and they seem to have a specified amount that they can serve of the good stuff and then they say that there is not more available.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>maggieisourgirl
<Content>Natura Park Resort Just OK My fiance and I stayed at the Natura Park Resort from Dec 24 - Jan 1, 2005. We had problems with the tourist cards to start off with. The travel operator gave us green cards, then on the plane, they said they weren't valid, so we got blue ones. Then going through customs in the D.R., we had to pay $10 each for a tourist card. Some other people in our group had no tourist card, and some got them for free. It was very disorganized. The resort itself is nice, good layout, and lush greens. The beach is nice too, but seaweed built up, but they raked it away 2x per week. Our room had 2 single beds, the toilet had no pressure, so I called the front desk, but our phone didn't work. We went to the desk and asked to change rooms. They said there is nothing they can do and to come back tomorrow (later I found out, this is their standard answer to everything!). We came the next day again, but they said the same thing. Someone came out to fix our toilet, and then it leaked the whole week. The phone was then conveniently connected. We didn't want this to ruin our vacation, we made the best of it. A lot of the staff don't speak english, that is a problem. A lot of Europeans on the resort that speak Italian/Spanish so I guess we were the minoirity. Even our tour operator said that the market guys will charge you a higher price because you are white/don't speak Spanish! Because of all this we mostly stayed on the beach and did one day trip. The entertainment was not good, only one night was funny when they had the audience participate. The disco was empty all the time it seemed. I probably wouldn't go back, especially not for our honeymoon next year! Oh, and my legs go eaten up by flies the first 2 days, it looked like I had the measles!! Bring bug spray!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent vacation We spend a week (Dec 24-31) At the Natura Park. We travel with two kids (6-8) we and they have a great time. The beach, the pool, the hotel, the merengue classes, the variety of food, the people working at the facility made of this vacation a great time. Great place to relax, forget about the net/cell phone etc. Great show for the kids (activities all day) and a great night show (everyday with a different theme)for the whole family. Speaking with other vacationers they all had a great time (dominican time). Be prepare to negotited your price when shopping. Offer 1/2 of what they ask and problably you will be walking with the item. Overall a GREAT time and the hotel was just a great facility.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>natura park = paradise We stayed at Natura Park from the 19th through 26th November.The grounds are gorgeous and the staff is very friendly.English is somewhat of a problem BUT the resort makes up for it.NO nightlife BUT we went for relaxation and that's what we got.NO ticks NO mosquitos just beautiful grounds and friendly folks around.This was the second resort we had been to and for our money Natura Park it will be from here on.Truly worth every penny!!!!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>coppens
<Content>Paradise at Natura Park This was our second wonderful week at Natura Park. It is my favorite! The beach and grounds are spectular! Georgeous white sand and the water is great for swiming. It is the last resort in a row, and borders on a deserted stretch of beach, very nice for long walks. The beach and grounds were kept much cleaner than any of the other resorts close by. The grounds crew were always working and they appreciated my tips as I appreciated their work. There were beautiful plants, flowers and birds everywhere. The people are beautiful and have always treated us extreamly well. Don't expect anything in a hurry, your in the carribean. They have perfect pina coladas on tap and the local beer El Presidente is great and you can get all you want whenever you want. The staff is very appreciative of tips and will take good care of you. I brought some toy cars, dolls, paper and crayons for our maids children as these items are difficult to get there. Our room was kept clean and well stocked. The room had 2 single beds, so my husband and I snuggled in one bed. It was fine. The food was great! Lots of variety enough to please anyone. We went on a horseback riding tour and dinner both times we were there. It was incredible! I highly recommed it, we were treated extreamly well and the dinner we excellent! I recommend the sunset tour along the beach to the north of the resort. Keep track of your beach towel, you will be charged if you lose it. There is a market just down the beach. You will get the best deals if you buy everything from one vendor. Overall, it is a great resort and a bargin for a week in paradise.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel and best people Nothing is perfect, but this people make you feel at home. Nice place, total relax, no stress at all, the hotel is very good but the best is how they make you feel there. A lot of food, variety, entertaining at nights, and day time in the pool or the beach. Don麓t miss this trip. Mosquitoes is something common in this country but they go everyday treating this.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>crappies23
<Content>Got eaten alive by ticks and mosquitos We just got back from Natura Park Eco Resort last Saturday. It was a trip that I will not forget. There were four of us and when we made the reservation, we requested two non-smoking rooms. We were suppose to check in at 3pm but when we went to our rooms, one of them was still occupied and people were smoking in the room. When they finally left and when the room was being made up, we went into the room to check it out. The bathroom smells aweful as if someone had just threw up in the toilet. We went back to the front desk and requested to be placed in another room. Guess what, the guy at the front desk speaks very, very little English.Our children was finally placed in a room that's a block from us.The breakfast, lunch and dinner were buffet style and after two to three days of the same food, we got tired of it.We found that 99% of the hotel staff does not speak English, which at times can be quite challanging. They will not change your bed sheets because the resort want to conserve water and will change your sheets only once a week. The only way we got the maid to change our sheet was to physically get her to come into the room and rip the sheet from our bed and tell her CHANGE PLEASE. My sons luggage was left in our room as they are always in our room. My son left the remote for the TV, a pair of shorts and sun tan lotion in their room in the morning, but when they return at night, they have all disappeared. We had to ask the cleaning lady the next morning about these items (show them the remote, shorts, sun tan lotion) and these things were returned to us. If you do not speak Spanish, you do not stand a chance, please do not go to this resort. It can be very, very frustrating. I had one resort security guard at the beach come up to me and ask me for a US dollar.The beach is ok, except that there are ticks in the water or in the sea weeds. I must have close to 60 bites on both of my legs and they itch like hell. On two of the seven days, the beach is covered with sea weeds because of the wind was blowing in instead of out.Overall this is definitely not a 4 1/2 star resort. The most I will give it is a two star. If you can afford a little more money, I suggest that you stay at the Occidental Grand Flamenco Hotel. It is much, much, much better.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>mshklar
<Content>Paradise! My family just retuned from a week at Natura Park and had an absolutely wonderful vacation! The resort is gorgeous as might be expected given its focus on nature, but it exceeded all expectations. We booked our stay through Apple Vacations which used US Air. All flights and connections were on time. Airport transfers were perfect, and the check-in process was smooth. I had had some concerns based on the negative reviews on this site, and thought it might help other to explain the resort a bit.If you are lookeing for a high-energy vacation with lots of activites being organized for you, this is the wrong place to go. It is very low-key and relaxing (heavenly). Activities are certainly available.The resort is run by a Spanish company. Thus, the food bears a Spanish influence The breakfast buffet was very nice, lunches and the beach-side snack bar fine, and the dinner buffet very good. At the buffets it is best to concentrate on the fresh items (fruit, etc). and those which are featured. At all dinners there is a pasta bar and at brekfast an omlette station. The 3 specialty restaurants were very good, especially the seafood and the steak ones. Do not expect american-style food. Things like pasta dishes and pizza are a bit diffrent and very good.Rooms were exceptionally clean and certainly spacious for 2 people. No problems with utilities, etc. We were on the first floor (presumably the budget rooms) and had no noise issues.Staff were extremely kind and helpful, even though we do not speak Spanish. However, as an English-peaker you will be a minority here. If this makes you uncomfortable, you may not be happy although you can certainly take care of anything in Englsih with the resort staff. Waiters at all restaurants were very cheerful and helpful. Ditto housekeeping as all minor requests (exta water, bath towels etc) were attended to by leaving a note (using Berlitz' phrase book...)The beach is ;ove;y-- powdery sand, clear water. There is seaweed (it's an ocean, fool...) and it is cleaned up daily. There really isnt that much of it. NThere are adequate chase lounges at the beach and anough umbrellas for all. The pool was more of a hit with my teenage children but was also clean and well maintained. I spent a lot of time on the beach with a book, an umbrella, and lots of various ddrinks from the beachside bar (both alcohilic and not). Mixed drinks were not strong, but since you're not charged by the drink anbd are in the hot sun it doesn't matter. Minor warning. Many women do not wear tops.- this is a european resort.Oddly, there were no mosquitos. What a SHAME! A lot of the complaints on the site seem to be a matter of either bad luck or inflated expectatins (e.g. they change the sheets weekly-- well, I don't change them more often at home!) Also it is a tropical third world country with a Spanish influence. Don't expect ANYTHING to move fast!Oh, I do recommend leaving tips- the staff is probably not paid all that well, this is a poor county, and if you can afford almost $1,000 for a vacation per person, a few 100 peso bills (about $3.50) is no big deal. Dollars are, by the way accepted-- especiall on the 2 nights a week when local merchants sell jewelry and artworks. These folks are pushy salesmen, and you should vigorously bargain with them-- it's expected.I have been to a number of beautiful places (Kauai, Bermuda, Wyoming, Nova Scotia, PEI) and live in one (New Hampshire). This is one of the most stunning places I've seen and the most relaxing vacation ever.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Spanish : Don't go there! If you are not a Spanish Speaker you don't stand a chance here. The staff are friendly, but pretend to understand when really they don't. The standard of cleanliness is not what it could be and the food is really terrible unless you eat in one of the specialist restaurants, when the food is great. This makes the truly mediocre food in the main restaurant all the more difficult to understand.The grounds however are beautiful and very well kept, although it would be nice if the staff had ever heard of 'background music' as continuouisly repeating the same two or three numbers at full volume, day and night, can get a little overpowering - especially when staff think it's funny when you have heard the same number 15 times over in quick succession.If you like crabmeat - don't eat the stuff dished up here unless you like the shells minced in with it - because that's what you will get. The chicken is pink near the bone, and the burgers are not cooked properly. The staff will willingly change them if you mention it, but this can often be too late. The hash browns are inedible, and the boiled eggs can be bounced (a German friend was just disuaded from trying this)None of the food is covered, and guests can have anything that the birds leave. Covering it would very little more trouble. The waste must be dreadful.It is not the fault of the staff if guests spit on the floor, but it really should not be left for anyone to step in. Has no one ever heard of tuberculosis? Also, people urinating in the pool is not a laughing matter, even if they are the Dominicans in on a day ticket at the weekend.Other than in the matter of the grounds, the hotel in no way deserves the 5 star rating it gives itself.Don't be dissapointed as we were, go somewhere else and enjoy yourself.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Relaxing Stayed at Natura Park on a last minute booking. Contrary to some of the reviews on this site our stay was a pleasure. Rooms: Well-maintained rooms.Grounds: Excellent grounds, very well kept with plenty of wildlife. Lovely for children to enjoy. Only lacking in benches. Despite all the water bugs were not terry bad as long as one took care at night.Beach: Very large given the hotels size, pleanty of excellent shades. A bit too much boating activity. Food: In general good and very good at the a la carte restaurants. Entertainment: Mediocre entertainment and a very hot poorly ventilated stage area. Health and spa facilities: GoodOverall a great place to relax, but probably not so good if one is looking for entertainment and nightlife.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Grounds! I have stayed at several all-inclusive resorts and truly this was one of the better ones. We were here about a year ago Grounds: The grounds were beautiful! Lush ponds, birds, act. to enjoy on the short walk to the beach. The grounds also created a beautiful environment for the open-air restaurants.Beach: The beach was nice. There was quite a bit of seaweed, but I believe that this is typical in Punta Cana. Food and drinks were available. Keep in mind that there are MANY topless sunbathers (mostly Europeans)who are far from modest! Food: The buffet was okay, but nothing to brag about. Typical for an all-inclusive. We were very happy with the food and service in the restraunts. Be sure to book as many as you can! The mixed drinks weren't the greatest, so I stuck to beer and wine. Again, I think this is pretty typical. The beer on the beach wasn't very cold, so I occasionally ordered an new one before finishing the first. No big deal at an all-inclusive resort.Room: The room was clean, but nothing special. I believe all the rooms are pretty close to the beach. Only a few could be ocean view.Entertainment: The afternoon entertainment was pretty good and fun. The evening shows were fair.Spa: I had a pedicure that was great. The staff was great and we had fun trying to converse in Spanish  English!Service: Fine. No problems.We rented bikes one day and one broke down about a mile from the resort! Not a big deal since we weren't there to ride bikes, but don't expect much.Although I wouldn't rave about this resort, it was very nice and I would certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>chadsirishtours
<Content>Some Vacationer's Should Stay Home! I just happened to be reading some of the reviews on this place and I couldn't believe what I was reading. Seaweed on the beaches, bugs will eat you alive, you've got to be kidding me! You're on a beach! I visit the Dominican Republic on a regular basis and even my worst trips there are better than the ones I've had in the States(Cost and Staff Alone). Staff are great, food is excellent, swimming pool was unbelievable ( I guess some reviewers have seen better pools at the Hilton's in the States) Give me a break! I thought the Natura Park was excellent and I talk it up to all my buddies who are thinking about visiting the Dominican. I think I am more annoyed by the people giving the negative reviews on these places than anything. I get irritated everytime I read a negative review about a place I've truly enjoyed. Some people need to do everyone else a favor and just stay home. I've loved every spot of been to in the Dominican and I've been there quite a bit. Don't listen to the negatives and find out for yourselves what paradise is truly like.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing vacation Hi,I'm just back from a somewhat disappointing stay at Natura Park Hotel in Punta Cana. To prevent a long boring story I'll try to award stars (5 stars = highest award) with some comments:appurtenant structures - 4 stars - real beautiful park with a lot of animal attractions (flammingo, goose, fish, species of birds etc.)beach - 3 stars (nice beach but two blemishes: a) a lot of seagrass at the beach b)marina boats crossing very close to the beach - snorkeling somewhat dangerous!!! Beside that: Exhaust gas pollution - air smells sometimes like a gas station. I've a deep pity with all of those who booked the Sunscrape Hotel which is almost at the marina harbor - penetrantly smell of gas in the air!).Food - In the main restaurant: 1 star - not much variety, unappetising look, loveless cooked. In the special restaurants (possible to book 3 times a week, but with bad look you only get one reservation a week!): 4 starsreception desk: 2,5 stars kindly but be very careful if you'll pay the final revision by the check out: there might be minibar payment you should accurate check. Also check the currency exchange!! Ohter case it'll be possible you gave a good tip!!!One big advice from me: Don't make so much phone calls from your room, you would be astonished about the bill if you'd did!Service: 1,5 stars - 11 days the same bed linen - you'll smell like a hog!! Otherside: Friendly but less other language knowledges.Entertainment: No award possible, didn't take care of that!Cleanliness, hygiene: 1,5 stars - what I really hate: moldy tea bags, cockroaches, lice, ants in the rooms. Lots of people got sick with diarrhea!! Prepare to have a good insurance! The costs in the medical store lack on any foundation. If not necessary: Don't go to the hospital!All inclusive provide: 1 star - it's not a really all inclusive provide!! Sometimes you got no food (from 11:00 am to 12:30 pm, 16:00 pm to 18:30pm) sometimes you got real junk food (15:00 pm to 16:00pm). If you had ever been in a RIU or Iberostar hotel you'll find out what a really all inclusive provide is.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dont waste your money here If you do come on vacation to D R make sure that your so called 5 star hotel like Natura Park has air conditioning in the restaurants, apart from our rooms and the toilets at the restaurants area there was no air conditioning and to make things worse men are not allowed in vests at dinner, so you can imagine what its like, quality of food bad, one day they didnt even have bananas, it sounds like a joke being in the carribean. The seashore and part of the beach was fool of seaweed so i spent most of the week at the pool as my 6 and 11 year old refused to get in the water. Another thing was that to get to the volley ball court you would pinch your feet if you didnt wear your flip flops so careful there, it was a bit wild.Make sure you take insect repellent or when you go to see the night shows you will be eaten away.Well nothing much good to say apart from the entertainment staff who were fabulous at all times, we made great friends with Geja, Carmen and Felix I think its the only good thing I can talk about, so think about coming here I even read all this advice trips and still came here as last year I went to the Hotel Grand Paradise 4 star which was brilliant so I automatically assumed this would be even better.The name of the beach at Grand Paradise is Playa de arena gorda and is a clean beautiful beach, if your hotels beach is around Cabeza de toro like Hotel Natura Park I wouldnt go, so dont waste your money and go to Grand Paradise.One last thing the hotel rooms arent very nice, quite old but the hotel surroundings are very nice with a lot of trees and flowers, ducks turtles, even flamingoes but for a 5 star I wouldnt have paid even half of the money. Make sure to ask for receipts when paying at the reception area for your mini bar or any other things as most of the time they dont clear it from the computer and will make you pay again, this happened to me with the checking out fee of $50 I had to pay to keep my room longer as checking out was 12 o clock and my plane left at 12.15 at night, anyway the lady who I paid was there and she sorted things out saying she had cashed the money but still didnt show on the screen. So go some where else and have a good time.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>clare
<Content>paradise island I travelled with my partner and twin 8 year olds from the 23rd may till the 6th june.FLIGHT: 9 Hours , we were also delayed for about 30 mins , flew with thomson from manchester. Food on flight good, no activity pack for kids thought was bad for a long haul flight.PUNTA CANA AIRPORT: Lovley airport , nicest i have ever seen.apart from having to fill in 4 visa it was very fast getting cases etc.Bell boys waiting to take your cases, oh they take a photo of you when you arrive in the airport for you to purchase on your way home $7TRANSFER: About 30 mins, nice air conditioned coach.ARRIVING AT NATURA: We were the only guests to arrive so we got top class service, we were greeted with a cocktail (non alcholic) each(very nice)and given our keys (one for the safe in your room) and towel cards(to get your beach towels every day)We were then taken to our Room block x room 4111.We were a little but dissappointed that we were on ground and didnt have a sea view, but ok really.Air con great couldnt have coped with out it.ROOMS: Pretty basic but clean. Mini bar , only beer and pepsi or 7 up free.GROUNDS: This is paradise, its the selling point of the place, ducks, geese, chickens , cockrel , peacock, peahen, turtles, fish, birds, its really good towatch the king fishers and these other large birds fish, theres a basket of bread at the main buffet for you to feed the birds and fish.FOOD: excellent. Main buffet good, lots of choice , if you like desserts than this place is heaven for you., fresh juice done while you wait, you choose what you want the fruit it already prepared(the smell is sooo yummy)(breakfast only)Pool buffet(lunch) this is good for a quick something to eat while around the pool , a good choice all the same though.snack bar on the beach for pizza . hotdogs and burgers, make sure its cooked well though)DRINKS : Plenty of choice, but not much for kids (sunscape had a better choice) Try the READY TO GO .AL A CARTE : MEAT: The best of the 3.nice surroundings over the flamingo lake; best serviceITAILIAN: Food good, service very slowFISH: This is the pool buffet during the day and is next to the beach, we only went the once as were not that impressed; we had lobster which was ok , we were eaten alive in the resturant though, with mosi's, they had forgot to put the screens down, they did apoligise though.POOL: nice size , not over crowed apart from one day when the dominicans got a day pass , they took over the whole pool and were very noisy.Do reserve a sunbed early (no later than 8:30pm) if you want one with shade.BEACH:, Lovely, a fair bit of seaweed but they do try to clear it up , the sea is warm, we took some bread and fed the fish in the sea.ENTERTAINMENT: The shows were excellent , only problem was they didnt start while 10:15pm , so from the kids disco at 8 pm till 840pm there wasnt much to do. Daytime entertainment was good for adults but was hard to join in as they didnt speak much english, we did join in though.STAFF: What lovley people, always friendly , they would do anything for you.ROOM SERVICE: We only gottwice , but very good tipped them a couple of dollars.EXCURSIONS: We did the Monster Truck , great day out , Take things for the children in the sugar canes if you go hey are the poorest.Dophin island: RIP OFF, dont waste your moneyMy other half did the swim with sharks and stingrays and loved it .SHOPPING: the shop is really nice (also nice and cool) lots of gift ideas and at a affordable price. The beach vendors are very pushy but just be tough back and there ok. Dominican night is a thursday in the hotel and they have vendors all around the main buffet and entertainment part they too are pushy, if you dont want anything just say no money, it worked for us.REP: Our rep was fantastic, she even bought me a bottle of rum for my birthday , she bought my kids colouring books and pencil crayons for the flight home because they didnt get anything coming, many thanks joanne.Flight Home : 4 hour delay , but at least we were told in resort so we got pickec up 4 hours later. We all got a newpaper on the plane and a complimentry drink for the inconvenice, the flight back took 7 hour 50 mins.Overall: A lovely place, but no english speaking guests . Will try sunscape nxt time , though still as been the best holiday we have had.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LucasGiavonna
<Content>Natura Park Resort and Spa was the best I need to tell you all out there how wonderful the Natura Park was. My boyfriend and I stayed there for 8 days in early April, 2005. I wish my stay was 16 days, it was that good. Before we left we read alot of reviews from trip advisor and I will be honest with you. I was a little scared. All of the people who gave this resort less than excellent need to open your eyes and enjoy your life a little bit instead of complaing about this resort. We had the time of our lives. The food was very good. The buffet and the special restraunts all had wonderful service and excellent food. I loved the seafood restraunt and yes lobster is on the menu. The staff, housekeeping and entertainment all was a+. The grounds were spotless and beautiful. I loved all the fish and birds. The roosters were my early morning wakeup call. We were thrilled with every minute of the day. I gave the housekeeper a small gift like bathgel or scented soap or a scented candle, everyday. She did everything above and beyond. One day we asked for extra coffee and she left us 6. Another day we asked for 2 extra bottles of water, she left us 6. I would reccomend this resort to anyone. We have been to lots of resorts, this one was by far the best. I can't beliveit is not rated 5 stars, it should be. Do not listen to everything you read or you will miss out on a wonderful experience. Natura Park Resort and Spa is a must see.  
<Date>May 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Natura park is a trip into nature!!!       Resort  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SMP2
<Content>Not what we were expecting The grounds themselves were very pretty, but the Spring Break kids from Spain practically ruined our trip. We went at the end of February to avoid the Spring break crowd, I specifically STRESSED to our travel agent that we wanted to avoid the Spring Breakers numerous times. Well when we got there I would venture to say that roughly 75% of the resorts guests were Spring Break kids from Spain. Loud, non-stop heavy smoking, annoying kids everywhere !!!!! We avoided lounging around at the pool, which is typically where we like to spend the majority of our time, because the kids overtook everything. And I do mean everything. By the fourth day I had to get out of there, I couldn't take it anymore. I have never seen so many people smoking at one time, they had cigarettes in the pool, in the resaurants, in the lounges, I couldn't get away from this thick cloud of smoke. It was the same at the beach. On day number 4 I spoke with the Apple representative, Danelys, who was absolutely wonderful about everything. She upgraded us to Sunscape Punta Cana Grand a little further down the beach and she salvaged the last half of our vacation. Wow !!! What a difference. Everything was so much better there. The staff, the grounds, the pool (it was CLEAN), the food, the entertainment, you name it, it was better than Natura Park. I had read that Natura Park had a No Spring Breakers policy. So naturally, I was very, very disappointed with the entire experience while there. Perhaps I would have had a different perspective on our stay there had the resort not been overrun by kids, but there were there in full force, ruining our vacation. The rooms were so-so, nothing at all to brag about, beds were hard and musty smelling, bathrooms were more like a stall than a bathroom. The staff did not try very hard to communicate with the English speaking guests. The drinks were ridiculously sweet, like drinking syrup. I don't know what good to say about this place other than the grounds themselves were beautiful. There were flamingos, peacocks, cranes and ducks walking around which was pretty cool, but most everything else was a big let down. Out of 10, I would give this place a 5. The cleaning staff was always shouting too. They would be in the tiny courtyards outside the doors to the guest rooms and they would shout to each other even though they were only 10 feet away from each other. I don't like being woke while on vacation at 7:00 am by the sound of someone yelling outside our door. It was really, really bothersome. All I can say is thank God for the Apple representative who was kind enough to get us away from this resort and upgrade us to another. I doubt that I would have ever considered going back to Punta Cana had she not done that for us. The Sunscape Punta Cana Grand, where she transferred us to, saved the day on all levels. It was GREAT !!!Go to Sunscape Grand, you will have a much, much better time.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>hugsxo
<Content>Wonderful Vacation at Natura Park! Just returned from a visit to Natura Park Eco Resort and Spa Feb. 19 to 26 with Air Canada Vacations and had a wonderful holiday. We were very concerned about malaria, norovirus before leaving so decided to take the malaria medication Malaron - no side effects whatsoever - and was glad we did as there were some mosquitos. This resort is surrounded by water and mangroves and lots of other beautiful vegetation so we expected a few insects. On Wednesday evening fogging for mosquitos was done.The flights with Air Canada were on time with full meal and bar service and the transportation at Punta Cana airport well organized with large air conditioned buses, music and very friendly tour guide provided by the Dominican tourist service. Check-in at the hotel was very fast and the porter showed us promptly to our room, although one can carry one's own luggage without being hassled. We took an all-inclusive package but tipped on several occasions because the staff works very hard, long hours and appreciate their efforts being rewarded.The resort should be rated 5 stars for the surroundings, quality of service and cleanliness.Our room was near the main buffet, ground level with a small patio. Everything worked as it should from the hair dryer to the air conditioning to the minibar which was restocked every day. Warning! Only certain items in the fridge are free - these are mentioned at check in - other items, including the small bottles of water must be paid for. However, the maid regularly provided us with as many large bottles of water as we needed. We simply put the large bottle on top of the Pepsi in the fridge to chill. The water in the taps and shower has been chlorinated but should not be drunk. All water used for food preparation has been treated and it is perfectly safe to use ice cubes.Our room was spacious and spotlessly clean. We left a small tip each day for the maid together with a brief note on whatever extras we wanted - tissues, etc. - and the items were always provided. The coffeemaker was missing but was provided when we requested it. The air conditioning does stop when the door to the patio is opened. And the key tag has to be inserted into a slot for the electricity to work. When our maid noticed that we liked the air conditioning on, she simply stuck a comb (which was provided with the toilet articles) in the electricity slot and voila! our room was cool upon our return. Satellite television provided programming in English, German and Spanish so we kept up to date with CNN.The food was good with lots of variety. There was a selection of items for a custom-made omelet, choices of fruits for smoothies and a variety of hot and cold items for all meals. The food was served in smaller bowls and platters and the buffet was restocked regularly so there was no fear of anything spoiling. Wine was served generously with lunch and dinner. Thursday night is Dominican night at the buffet with a choice of national dishes in addition to regular menu items and the restaurant was beautifully decorated. Vendors arrive to sell there wares for those who don't want to walk to the beach shops which are just past the Allegro resort next door. And you are expected to barter with the hotel vendors as well.There are 3 a la carte restaurants - Italian (La Gondola, which is a portioned off section of the main buffet), seafood (La Perla at the beach) and steak (Media Luna on stilts over the pond with pink flamingos). We booked our alloted 3 visits the first day there very quickly with Guest Services. The food and service at those three locations are superb. A sip from your wine glass brings a server to promptly replenish. Even at the buffet as well as at the a la carte restaurants there are white table linens, napkins and fresh flowers. Don't miss out on the lobster at La Perla and the Tournedos at Media Luna. The salmon at La Gondola was perfectly cooked and lightly covered in a delicious caper butter sauce. And the desserts are to die for! Any chocoholic will be happy here!The beach was uncrowded and we found shady space at any time of the day. However, it had been and was quite windy for the first 3 days of our holiday so there was some seaweed in the water and the ocean bottom had been churned up. But men work every day cleaning the seaweed off the beach. There are the usual water sports and at the Allegro there are parasailing and banana boat rides for a fee. Typical Dominican weather returned by Wednesday - hot and humid with a wonderful breeze at the beach.There are international brand name liquors in addition to local brands. The bartenders work very hard and are always smiling whether given a tip or not. The staff give the appearance that they really enjoy their jobs. Try the espresso at the main bar.For those travelling with young children there is a mini club with attendant to watch the small ones. There is a wading pool as well as a beautiful free form pool and jaccuzi and a swim-up bar under a waterfall. The bar at the pool is open air for those who don't enjoy the cigarette smoke at the lobby bar or the show room bar.Entertainment on the nights we watched was excellent. The performers all have other jobs to do during the day but put on a spirited performance of dancing and singing in the evening. Hats off to them! There was a live band, a children's participation show and several animators to dance with the singletons.There is a very nice spa or one can have a massage at the beach. My husband used the gym 5 times while he was there and there was a supervisor at the facility. Weightlifting, step machines, and cycles are provided. At the beach instruction is proved in aerobics, water exercises, merengue lessons and various games. There is an archery target as well as beach volleyball.Beach towel service was excellent - usually you are allotted one towel for the day and if you turn it in, then you wait until the next day to exchange your card for a new one. But we were offered a clean towel upn exchange. At the towel house there are books, an assortment of games and the opportunity to book horseback riding. Several representatives wander the beach for go karting and visits to the Manatee Park. Tours can be booked with the vacation package representatives.This resort seems very popular with Spanish-speaking people, Germans, French, Italians, Russians, but not too many English-speaking people. Our purpose for this vacation was to read, lounge and rest so we didn't mind the lack of interaction with our fellow residents. As it was university break, there were several groups in the 19 to 25 year age, none were rowdy or overimbibed that we saw. Women do go topless at the beach, but most covered up when leaving thier sun tanning spot. And some young children enjoyed being in their birthday suits!If anyone were to become ill at this resort, it would have to be self-inflicted! The bathrooms were spotless. I have never been to a resort where the bathrooms at the beach had marble floors and sinks, fresh flowers and a regular attendant.You can walk for miles on this beach, although there has been some damage from last fall's Hurricane Jeanne and parts of the beach are now quite narrow with 2 to 3 feet gouges having been taken out of the shoreline. Any damage to the resort has long since been repaired and workers were busy restaining the wooden bridges and stairs. The game room and library were out of commission for this work to be done. The grounds of the resort are a series of walkways and bridges over water areas beside manicured lawns, trees, shrubs and flowers, with geese, ducks, flamingos and peacocks and fish in the ponds. Very beautiful and well-maintained!For those who might be interested, there is a Catholic mass at the Allegro resort, a 5-minute walk away, at 8 p.m. on Sunday evening. Since most of the congregation was English at the mass we attended, my husband volunteered to do the readings.Late check-out is very well organized at this resort. If you wish to keep your room beyond 12 noon, the charge is $25 per person and a sheet advising this is put in your room the day before check-out. However, we opted to pack up and leave our bags at the locked and supervised baggage room. We enjoyed a full day at the beach, retrieved the one bag in which we had organized our toiletries and clothes and made use of the shower room facilites off the lobby. Then we enjoyed a last pina colada, watching the sunset from the cool lobby area while waiting for our bus to the airport.There is a well-stocked gift shop at the resort, but beware! Prices are in U.S. dollars and I noticed a very small bottle of PeptoBismal for $8. So just take along whatever you might need in plentiful supply or be prepared to pay much more than you would at home for items.The only negative point about this resort is that the show room and main buffet are located at the entrance area of the resort, which may mean a long walk if you have an ocean-view room. Also, we found the ventilation in the main bar and show room quite poor and were bothered by the cigarette smoke. But then we are spoiled since we live in a smoke-free city.Overall, this resort in my estimation should be rated more than 4 star. We have stayed at the Barcelo chain and the Allegro before it was taken over by Occidental and the service at Natura Park, the beauty and cleanliness of the surroundings and the cheerfulness and helpfulness of the staff certainly put it in a 5-star category. I hope you will enjoy it as much as we did!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nicelytanned
<Content>Wonderful Resort       Snorkeling in the pool  
<Date>Feb 20, 2005
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>nicelytanned
<Content>A Great Place to Relax!!! (with kids too)       Swing set  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful we have just returned from a weeks stay at the natura park resort ,we had a wonderful time ,food and service were excellent also found not many english speaking maid service was a little to be desired they seem to do things in stages like towels would be there in morning some time later beds would be made then later still toilet paper would arrive,grounds were very well maintained and the people who work there were very helpful and friendly, beaches were better in cuba,all in all we would rate this as it is in brochure.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>swimmmer
<Content>good resort ...but...no english speaking guests Just got back yesterday and here are a few comments............  rooms: excellent, air conditioned well, well kept, and nicely decorated.  Buffet: They had a host/tess seat you every time, decent variety, but repetitive, but always something for a person to find that was good. Omelets were not as good for breakfast as other places i have been. Lots of fruit juices and they willmake your own combo juice of your choice in front of your eyes. Service impeccable.  Ala carte Restaurantes: Seafood, - lobster incredible, seafood soup a little plain tasting. fettucine with prawns not so good. Steak house, Brochettes reallly good, ribs could use a bit more sauce, but real tender. Cigar and Cognac at teh end of meal was classy. and the pasta in the italian was superb.  Beach Restaurant: Either pick items at the grill, eg. haburgers etc.. or they had their own buffet as well.......soda fountain with booze available to pour your own really nice.  Pool: cold, but most are in thecarribean, warmed up as the days got hotter and late in the day  Bars, - no spanish cofees, did not alwys understand english , but tried very hard. Pool bar in a bad place in the shade and had to get wet to enter under a water fall.  Shows: Always good, not repettive, but could use more performers as I have seen in other resorts. Not an open air theatre and quite small seating area for such a large hotel  Day time entertainement: Did not participate, as it was not catred to english speaking guest........my one biggest dissapointment ...........VERY VERY VERY FEW ENGLISH SPEAKING GUESTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Wild life/entertainement: Beautiful and breathtaking, pink flamingos, ducks, peacocks.  Flea Market: Bargain Bargain Bargain...nothng has a set price..also be prepared to to be puled in and pressured to buy. Or the Gift shop has reasonable prices, with no pressure..your choice.  Para Sailing: cheap---35.00 per person, although I didn't try it.  Toplessness: plenty , if it offends you somehting to take note of.  Airline: Sky Service, Much better than air Transat, not toomuch leg room , but par for the course with most airlines.. seats nice and wide, good hot meals. Excellent Flight Attendants, always helpful.  Beach: more seaweed than in Beaches Varadero resort, but not bothersome, Ocean Sand was powder, mostly , but some grainy spots.  Weather: Hot and sunny except for maybe 2 days out of 15.  Chair, reserve by 9:30 am if the resort is buys at the pool.  Overall a great resort, but only hindered by the fact i travelled alone and very little english guest.   
<Date>Feb 12, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>angeleo02
<Content>A great escape!!!       flamingo  
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Buzgal
<Content>Animals are treated better! 4- days no water, could not flush toilet, no shower not even offered different room until 4 days later...food was good waiters, waitress, bartenders and maids great. Would never go back to that resort or country again!!!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Horrible Experience on all Counts On December 11, 2004 we had the unfortunate luck to stay at Natura Park for less than 24 hours. This hotel was closed for approximately two months in the fall of 2004 for remodelling and reopened about two weeks before our stay. Its reopening was obviously premature.We were a party of four; three adults and a child. We were assigned two first-floor rooms. In one of the rooms the air conditioner did not function, the toilet did not flush completely and there was a severe leak from the bathroom above. We reported these faults and no one ever came to inspect them, never mind repair them. We repeatedly requested ice for the other room and regardless to whom we spoke to were told that it was the responsibility of someone else.A note is in order here. We are all native Spanish speakers and residents of the Dominican Republic, therefore we should not have had communication problems nor unreasonable expectations of hotel staff in the Dominican Republic. We can only imagine how much more frustrating the experiences would be for non Spanish speakers.The following day we had breakfast and lunch. The child in the party ate a ham salad plate (with mayonnaise). A few hours after lunch and on our return trip to Santo Domingo she began to complain of stomach pains and nausea. Soon after she experienced projectile vomiting and that evening continued with abdominal pain and severe diarrhea. The next day we took her to a pediatrician and after a battery of tests, she was diagnosed with salmonella, an intestinal disease associated with typhoid fever which produces symptoms within only a few hours and contracted through contaminated food and often times from mayonnaise that has not adequately refrigerated.There are other gross failures that we could report, but these should suffice. There are many excellent hotels in the Bavaro/Punta Cana area to choose from. We recommend that one stays away from Natura Park.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wlslb
<Content>Great getaway and very relaxing atmosphere My husband and I went for three days during spring break. We were lucky that it wasn't the crowded partying getaway spot. The resort was very well maintained with a variety of birds, turtles and wildlife. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Our room was fantastic. We definitely enjoyed it. The all inclusive made it easier as we didn't have to plan where we will dine. The buffet food was very good as well. Definitely a great resort and good value!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Good, The Bad  The Good: The grounds were lovely with varying flowers  palm trees, flamingo  coy ponds, winding pathways  bridges with flamingos, egrets, gesse, ducks and turtles all the way down to the beach. Best stretch of beach compared to Allegro  Sunscape (American toursit hotel) which were to right of Natura. They had the marina in front so there was a lot more seaweed and tons of boats in the water when you went in, not pretty to look at. To the left was miles of empty beach so you could walk down for miles  enjoy the peace and scenery. The rooms were nice, we had a 3rd floor with cathederal ceiling  walk in closet. Plaid upholstery needed updating. Tipped the maid $2 per day, left a cryptic message in my best Spanish  got all we asked for  more, except no clean towels one day. The staff seemed to work endlessly  hard long days. The overall landscaping and layout of the grounds was much nicer than Allegro or Sunscape (eventhough Sunscape was American oriented, had air conditioned restarunts  a hopping disco). Went horseback rididng out by Breezes, the resort  beach were gorgeous, no seaweed, ice blue ocean. Try to pick a resort further from the airport (40 mins to an hour) like Breezes, Secrets Excellence, Iberostar Bavaro, or Melia Caribe Tropicale for the best beaches and service. It's a longer trip but worth it.The Bad: No air conditioning 1st night, had to leave balcony door open  could not sleep because of droning music somewhere on the beach all night long. This was fixed next day the all was well. The food was the exact same every single day  night. Although it was just okay, they need more variety, it got really old, really fast. The specialty restaurants were no better, my chicken was raw at the Steakhouse when served to me. (Satyed at Iberostar in Puerto Plata last year  all food, shows, beach, pool  service was awesome). None of the restaurants were air conditioned nor where the bars, which were all thatched roof open air. Although this was nice, the show room got way too hot (there was no air circulation)  we didn't see more than 15 minutes of any show . I knew of the language barrier before going so tried to speak and much (cryptic) Spanish as possible, but I'm sorry, I think at least the bartenders should speak English. Even the europeans who tried to order in English had a problem. I ended up translating for this nice German man. The pool was REALLY SMALL compared to the pictures. The swim up bar had visible mold under the counter and on the outside walls as you appproached which was a turn off  can easily be cleaned. The waterfall entry to bar was nice but the kids wanted to play in it (who can blame them), so they were jumping of barstools and splashing around the swim up bar, very annoying for adults. The pool was dirty most of the time with debris, dead bugs  a film of suntan lotion. I knew there was no disco, so night life after shows was boring. They really need to add one  there is room, so why not. Refused to get up early to play the usual  predictable reserve a chair game. This is my vacation. We found a spot on the grass by the pool  it worked for us. This is most annoying because 90% of the chairs reserved with a towel remained empty most of the day. We only did one outside trip  spent every day by the pool, so this is not exaggerated.The Ugly: guests from other countries that is, NOT the Dominican people, they were lovely. I will not mention a country of origin, but I have never seen such arrogant, ill-mannered, down right rude behavior in my life. They would physically push you out of their way, cut the buffet line (What line?, What's a line? because they sure as heck don't know), grab serving untensils from your hand when you weren't done (this happened to my husband, no kidding), would not even look at you or acknowledge your presence if you didn't speak their language. I have traveled extensively to almost every caribbean island and have never experienced such rude behavior in my life! The unfortunate part of the Natura staff was by waiting on them first, even though they obviously cut in front of you, only helped validate that their rude behavior was acceptable, or maybe it was just the norm.We still had a nice time and met some nice people we plan to visit next year. Do your self a favor and spend the extra $$$ to stay at a 5 or 6 star. We usually do and will not skimp again. As they say You get what you pay for. I would return to Punta Cana again but stay at another resort.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>breathtaking vacation We just returned from our vacation which started on 25 july. Contrary to other reviews we thought the hotel and stay was wonderful. The trip from your room to the beach and to the restaurant is very short. There are birds that are present and are very beautiful. The beach is magnificent and not dirty at all and the staff do work tirelessly to clean it. The snorkelling is also very good and diverse. The food is really delicious and there are a lot of choices. The room is pretty good, the bed is not hard and it does get cleaned regularly (the sheets do not need to be washed every day and they are trying to save water). We did take two excursions where we went horseback riding and snokelling off a bigger beach, and both were really nice. We tried almost all the non-motorized watersports and they are a lot of fun if you are the adventurous type but you could always find something for you. There is beach entertainment like dancing and some contests. We went shopping in the flea market and you can get great bargains but you do have to bargain quite a bit. We really enjoyed our rest and only wanted it to last longer.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would Definitely Not Go Back to Natura Spa  Just returned July 4, 2004 and 7 Nights was way too long to stay at the Natura Spa  Resort! The beach was dirty (cigarette butts, glasses, seaweed) and the water was not the beautiful turquoise color we seen last year when we stayed at the Iberostar Bavara. It was clear, but green (Atlantic). The rooms were just okay but the beds were HORRIBLE. It was just a mattress, no box springs, close to the floor and HARD! They won't just automatically change your sheets...you have to pin a tag on them. First time we experienced that. Also, our location was close to the food but a long walk to the pool and beach. Our balcony faced an access road. UGLY! Food was just so, so, definitely nothing was great. The staff is not friendly in the least OR helpful. You receive no information on anything and we paid $40 for a cab to go to town to do some shopping just to find out that the hotel had a bus that came there for that purpose and was free. Upon leaving, they also over-charged us for the mini-bar, even though prices were posted in your room. They tried to say that didn't matter. It was quite a little fight before that was rectified and they weren't going to let us leave unless we paid the new price. It was not a good experience and I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone! The Iberostar Bavaro was GREAT last year and that's why we came back to the Dominican. What a dissapointment in every way! Any questions, please e-mail me.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Resort w/ beautiful grounds, and fab. food The single most amazing thing at Natura was the food! It was quite delicious. The great variety was starteling considering the time but in to make each dish as good as it proved to be. There was never a boring moment between the beach, the bars (amazing! also serve non-alcoholic drinks, great for children), the tennis and shops. Don't bring too much spending money though. As a row of shops are not three hundred steps from your room. These shops are quite different than what you are used to in the states though. There owners are desperate to make a sale and the nearly force you to buy. Choosing an ideal price and bartering down to it is the best way. If you don't want that the resort gift shop might be better. Higher prices, but much easier. An over prices computer room is near the main lobby, but i would advise you to stay away. The beach was amazing!!! It was beath taking. If you aren't a fan of laying down all dayreading a book while sucking down a ppina colada from the near by bar. There is a number of optional excursions and you may borrow snorkeling gear for free, along with other water equiptment. Including scuba lessons. You can even get certified their! You may sign up for bannana boating(amazing and cheap), para-sailing (bring a camera, pricey but worth the view), and many others. The travel comainy I traveled with also had a helpful rep. whenever you want them. They can also sign you up for tours of neighboring islands and snorkeling tours.The resort itself had exotic animals on the grounds, which were not only neat to look at, but made great pictures.I would recomend this resort to anyone. It's a great escape and will get you a great tan.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'll Be Back! ! ! I spent 8 days in Punta Cana, and I had the time of my life! This is the vacation spot for anyone needing R  R. My flight on USA 3000 was comfortable, quick and a delight. (Stay away from the chicken!) A beautiful moment is being above the clouds and the sun setting. My stay at Natura Park was GREAT! The grounds are beautiful, well kept, and a place to be admired. Natura Park is a natural park setting with the animals roaming the grounds freely and enjoying a free bite, too! The rooms are simple and clean, what more can you ask for? Be careful of the mini-bar in your room, bring your own snacks.This vacation was with a colleague, who like I needed a rest! Our daily beach moments always left us feeling refreshed, relaxed and calm. Take time to walk the beach and absorb the fresh air you'll be glad you did! If you need more action, there's enough water sports to enjoy as well as other entertainment. The Food was AWESOME! Some people complained, but I can't imagine why. Every food taste could be accommodated. The Italian Restaurant is the best! I sincerely admire the hard work of the people of the D.R. They were friendly, helpful and kind. Although I do not speak Spanish and sometimes communication could be difficult, it was still fun!I'LL BE BACK! ! !P.S. This is a great site for information and reviews, keep up the great work!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>halcyonlondon
<Content>Beautiful and highly recommended Spent five days at the Natura Park in late May. The resort is absolutely gorgeous, clearly the best we saw in the Punta Cana area. This was especially surprising since it was one of the less expensive choices. The grounds are impeccable--tropical modern architecture with rooms set around a series of intimate court-gardens which are particulary impressive at night. It's an exceptionally well-manicured place, with lush landscaped grounds and tranquil lagoons, free-roaming flamingoes and exotic birds. The food was reasonable, although nothing special or terribly memorable. Caters to European tastes, lots of sliced meats and cheeses, decent breads, stewed meats, vegetable and potato salads, casseroles, and high-calorie desserts. Disappointed with the lack of simple Dominican criollo fare. Natura Park has a very international feel--primarily Spanish, Austrian, German, and French guests with perhaps 10% Americans/Canadians---a very nice clientele. The place has a relaxed, decidedly upscale, atmosphere. Natura Park's beach is exceptional when compared with the Melia Caribe, Allegro, and Suncape--its immediate neighborbors. Natura Park's overall atmosphere was more peaceful and exclusive rather than wild and loud. Contemplated the Melia Caribe prior to booking, which is also quite nice, though we found the Natura Park far better overall. I highly recommend the hotel and Punta Cana for four or five nights of peace and relaxation. Over five days, one may wish to contemplate an area closer to Santo Domingo for easier access to other attractions beyond the beach.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We will go back!! We spent a week at the Natura in early May with our two boys aged 11  13. It is only about 20 minutes on the coach from Punta Cana airport which is a big bonus if you have to cross the atlantic to get there!!The grounds are fabulous and superbly maintained with many species of birds living in the resort ponds such as herons flamingos and very well fed geese! Although there is a lot of water in the grounds the mosquitos were not any worse than other places we have stayed.It is quite obvious that this is one of the older hotels on the island and some of the furntiure could do with upgrading, however the whole place including our rooms was spotless. The beds were comfortable and I think the matressses and bed linen had been replaced quite recently.Mini bar alert!! Some things are included and some not so do pay attention at reception when you check in. The chamber maid re-stocks the free water. The staff are very friendly and helpful. We had a leak from the room above and it was fixed the same day. They even left us a job sheet to tell us what they had done!!The main restaurant was very good with lots of choices especially for vegetarians. Nothing was left hanging around on the buffet either becuase it was eaten or replaced with a fresh dish every so offten. We tried the Italian restaurant as the others are meat and fish which didnt appeal to one or other of us. This was also good. We were served the red wine that we drink at home so that was fine!! Called Liria - Spanish- try it!! Dont panic if it is chilled we drink like that here in the summer!!I have to agree with the others that dominican beef is probably best avoided!The beach is endless and they work hard to get rid of the seaweed which cannot be avoided on this coast. Lots of activities on the beach and around the pool. If you do nothing else then at least borrow a snorkel and mask from the diving center on the beach. The fish are amazing!People will try to sell you excursions, however if you say no they will be just as happy to stand and have a chat. We did a full day self drive jeep safari in convoy. Driving is quite an adventure in itself. Make sure you adopt the attitude that all other drivers are blind and have no brakes and you wil be fine! The morning session was great with several interesting stops. But the afternoon dragged with lots of driving through quite uninteresting areas which was a pity.We all went horseriding which was a lovely way to spend a couple of hours. Book it near the pool. they will pick you up from reception and take you to the stables. the horses know exactly where to go so just sit and pretend you know what you are doing!!!So alll in all it was good. We all enjoyed ourselves. If you want a flash new hotel try somewhere else but if you want value for money then I would give it a try.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ABSOLUTELY THE BEST TIME!!! When I chose Natura Park, I was not sure what to expect. Most reviews I read were positive while others were not so positive. I decided that I would just need to see it for myself. I was wonderfully surprised by Natura Park. The grounds are well kept, and the natural surroundings are peaceful. The birds that live on the grounds are amusing, especially the duck family ( the little gosling was so precious). There are also flamingos, egrets, and some peacocks. There is so much natural diversity. For nature lovers, this place really delivers. (as a sidebar - I should also mention the mosquitos can be a bit uncomfortable. Bring bug spray.)The resort staff was very friendly. Many staff members can speak limited English, but I strongly recommend bringing along a spanish phrasebook. My attempts at Spanish really made the difference between being a stanger and being a friend. There is no disco at Natura Park, although, there is nightly entertainment that offers up variety shows, including karoke, and a mini disco. Not a big show by any means, but a fun time nevertheless. There is a little local spot down the beach - about a 10 minute walk. The place is small, but the dancing is fantastic. Staff members invited me to go, and we had the time of our lives. I went to Natura Park by myself, but I was not alone when I arrived. There are many Europeans, and of course, the locals. I met so many people from so many different places. I am glad that I brought my business cards. All in all, it was the absolutely best time I have ever had.   
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful hotel, beach,and people  My boyfriend and I visited Natura Park May 1-8 , this being his first trip EVER ... The grounds of the hotel are beautiful . Don't miss out on feeding the fish , geese , flamingos etc., The restaurant (buffet ) leaves a basket of bread out every morning . There weren't alot of American people at this hotel but we came across many from other hotels in our travels . We did the Saona island excursion ($80 usd) I was glad to be out on the boat but not super impressed with the island . The stop on the way back to swim in the natural shallow pool was neat ,THE STARFISH WERE HUGE!! It was nice to see alittle of the country on the 1 and a1/2 hour ride to LaRomana where the boat went out . I only wish I would have brought some toys or Red Sox memorabelia to give out to the kids/men . I did end up giving$'s to the children instead . They are very poor but very happy people .  Back to the hotel breakfast was great . The rest of the food was good but different like any other foreign country . We didn't starve at all but missed some of the foods we eat at home . Try the lobster at the seafood restaurant . It's good , but not from Maine . Steakhouse and Italian were both good but not great . Don't go here on a low carb diet , the potatos at every meal were delicious and so was the bread .  Be careful we watched quite a few people get attacked by the geese !!!!  The staff , most of them ,was great except for the blond at guest relations . Ask around for I think his first name was Juan Guerrero , he took great care of our every need and then some .I know thats his last name . The guy at the towel shack was cool too . Tell him Peter Martinez and Daniella sent you  Natura Park was clean , friendly and absolutely worth every penny . I would return there . I didn't want to come home .  
<Date>May 30, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous! I had ready all of the reviews I could get my eyes on before we left, and I have to disagree with many, many of the complainers I read about. Yes, there was a bit of seaweed here and there and more on certain days, etc.; however, nothing overwhelming and certainly nothing to stop me from enjoying wading or swimming in the water. The buffet for breakfast and dinner did leave a bit to be desired, but I still managed to pack on some pounds, so there must have been enough to keep my hunger pangs from being outrageous - that and the constant food display down by the pool/beach throughout the day. When we first arrived, our room was not was we requested (not a King bed), but once we found out and told them that's not what we asked for, next thing we knew, we were in our King-bed room.We didn't understand a whole lot of the people around us as we were minority speaking English, and found that to be the perfect thing for relaxing. We knew enough spanish to make our way around, as well as found several other couples who too spoke English if we really felt we needed to rattle off a conversation with someone other than ourselves and the excellent bartenders who were always fun to try and communicate back and forth with (by the way - Jose down at the beach bar is the man you need to see - a little Mamma Wanna each night and you'll be set). The resort is perfectly located down from a shopping area, as well as it offers snorkeling, horse-back riding, parasailing, sun bathing, exercise, sports, and there are reps who offer taking a boat to other places to get dinner and/or do shopping elsewhere. I recommend the Lobster/seafood place (Langosta del Caribe) about 15 minutes down the beach by boat - fabulous food, more shops to see (inside a little community) and all the drinks you can take in while you sit and dine through a several-course, great meal. It even downpoured while we were eating, and the Cana tree awnings provided all the protection we needed - didn't get a drop on us! We brought the wash clothes as recommended in other reviews, but noticed there is one included in the hotel, it's just a little unnoticeable as it's in the basket under the shampoos, comb, etc. they provide for you... so if nobody ever seems to use it, yeah, I imagine people think the hotel doesn't have them. The room itself was cleaned very well, and the maid was excellent to us - leave a dollar next to the bottle of water and she'll bring you more bottles of water than you can even drink the next day.I highly recommend for buying your jewelry or pictures to take a walk down the beach to the left. There is a man that boats in his stuff daily and sells it cheaper than the gift shop and WITHOUT ANY HASSLE!Only thing I would have liked to see in Natura Park resort that wasn't offered is a disco place. I was hoping to dance a little while I was there, but that wasn't an option.I don't have any other experiences to compare it to as it's my first time being there, but I do know that I would return to Natura Park - great place, great people, great time, great sites. Wish I was there now!  
<Date>May 11, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I loved it A week ago i've been in Natura Park with a group of friends and we just loved. The staff were very friendly, the beaches unforgetable. I think we will never forget that week in paradise.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pricecVt
<Content>A nice all inclusive My husband and I just returned from a week at the Natura Park Resort (April 17-24) and had a lovely time. We travel quite a bit to the Caribbean but this was my husband's first experience with an all-inclusive resort and he really enjoyed it.Rooms - as others have said, rooms are just okay. Nothing spectucalar but they were fine. True you do not get soap or wash clothes, so you should bring them along. Our room was on the back side of the resort in building IV on the second floor and it was extremely quiet. We were originally given a room in building XII but it was too close to the main restaurants/night club so we asked to switch. I think most of the rooms facing the courtyard were probably a bit noisier.The resort was at full capacity while we were there due to European holidays and US school vacation week so it was definltey busy and I think the staff did a great job with the number of people there. Most clientele was Euopean with the majority of people to be Spaniards, German, and French. Very few people from North America at our resort. It gave the resort a lovely international flavor which we really enjoyed.Beaches - beaches are lovely but listen to other's advice and get up and claim your lounge chair first thing in the morning, especially when the hotel is full. If you did not, there would be no lounge chair for you. This kind of surprised my husband but he was okay with it and we would get up at 7 am, go out to claim our chair and then go for a long walk along the beach to the left of the resort which was all Natural Park. We would be completely alone and then come back for a nice breakfast. Yes, the water has seawood but the works work tirelessly all day to keep the beaches clear for the guests. And one more word of advice for those that like to take long walks, bring your shoes along with you. When the sandy beach ends, you get to an area with a bit of coral and the beach walk becomes a hard sandy path next to the coral. The walk is beautiful and through a strand of palms that eventually leads to where the other resorts are. The walk is worth it but bare feet are definitely not comfortable there.The beach is also very, very busy so if you are looking for total solitude on the beach, then this is not the beach for you. Everyone is sunning, lounging, resting, etc. but the beach is extremely active. There are a myriad of boats in the water offering fishing trips, glass bottom boat tours, parasailing, jet boat rides, bumper boat rides, party boat tours, helicopter tours, etc. all in front of the 3 resorts on this beach. Additionally, every resort has all of their non-motorized water sports going on so there is always something happening. We like lots of quiet on the beach spending lots of time on Cape Hatteras in NC but this is a totally different experience so you have to be open minded and adjusted and enjoyed it.Beach bar was very fun and the beach lunch was enjoyable. They do have a drink list at both bars if you want to experiment with some of their more funky drinks. Try the mamajuana - which is a specialty rum drink they make at the resort - it is a combination of spices, rum, honey and I think red wine. It is a wild combination and very unique. But stay away from the grappa after dinner - it is like drinking lighter fluid!! We loved the beach bar for its breeze in the evening but spent more time at the front lobby bar which is classier and serves drinks with regular glasses. Bartenders are very friendly at both bars.Food - we loved the food. It was completely different at every meal and was not Americanized at all. Very European and Spanish flavor and we always found it interesting. My one complaint was that they didn't always tell you what each item was and you were guessing, but other than that we loved the food. We ate at Media Luna and La Perla restaurants. Both included wine with the meals and the wines were excellent as was the service at dinner.Shops were good in the resort and prices excellent. They did bring in local marketeers Thursday night if you want to bargain. There was also a little bargaining shack/village down the beach toward the sunscape. Lots of vendors in their own stalls. They are very aggressive but if you want to barter and get good deals this is the place to go. I personally found them to be a bit too aggressive for my tastes. They are very in your face.Hope you enjoy this resort if you choose to go.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great time, but needs maintenance. Had a great week. We went GWV their reps were all great and very helpful. Airline was wonderful food was even good. We were a little surprised at the lack of maintenance at the resort. We were there in April 2000 and everything had a brand new look to it. Now it needs TLC. Nothing bad but you can see the four years of wear and tear with little to no maintenance. We had four rooms, went with family. Won't go back to Nautra Park. TV in one room did not work the whole time we were there even after phone call to desk. The refrigerator in same room didn't work. Tiles were cracked and any color was put down to try to fix, if at all. One room was very musty and had to be switched as people were having headaches. Beach and pool were great. Food, well its not America! Would fo back to Punta Cana, but to different resort!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Grat Hotel Nice place. The grounds are impeccable. Lots of birds that live on the grounds. large rooms. There are some rooms that the balconies face noise area. But the room we had was at the back, very private. The court yards echo a bit if people are talking out side. Only saw one caulk roach. Good for tropical country. The beaches are the best. You can walk for miles of virgin beaches. No resorts to walk by. Good food, even if you are picky. Nice beach bar, and snack restaurant. Room service included. Good snorkelling off the beach, or a short boat ride to the reef. Diving was so so. The conditions were bad when I was there. Good day trips: Sanona island, Monster truck to the hills. Caution if you don't like to see poverty. cab drivers and buss drivers are animals! Bad divers. All and all a good place to go, but still a four star.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Think twice before going!!! We just came back from Natura Park March 19 2004. We would not recommend this resort to anyone!!! We have been to Mexico a few times and our trips there far exceeded our tip to Punta Cana. We were given a room far in the back corner of the resort where the patio faced a dirt road (not even part of the resort). Our shower curtain was covered in stains and gave off an awful smell, and we also found a few cockroaches in our room - and they were not small by any means. The food in the buffet was okay, however the speciality restaurants were quite dissapointing. We must have caught a bug from something we ate because we were sick during and a week after our trip.On the good side, the beach was extremely beautiful and for the most part, the staff was quite friendly. Many of the reviews on this site rave about this place, but our experience was quite the opposite. If you are planing a trip to Punta Cana, I recommend you think of trying a newer resort, and one with a higher star rating. This place, was far from being a four star.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>star60
<Content>Day Trips sold on the beach Our stay at Natura Park on the whole was a good one.We enjoyed the food and our hotel room was nice and clean. We were bumped to another resort the first night we arrived and according to people we talked to on the beach overbooking especially on the weekend is de rigeur for Natura Park. The nightly entertainment was slightly amateurish and is not something that would make us want to return. The staff was friendly and helpful but unorganized at times. At check-in we were not told we needed to put a down-payment of $20.00 US or no remote control OR that we needed to ask to have someone unlock our fridge which made our first two hours in our room frustrating with returns and calls to the front desk. A few items of clothing went missing from our room. Some calls to their laundry for the articles, which just happened to be nice lingerie, went unanswered. People walk-in from the beach and use the bars, beach buffet and the night club and main buffet. I think this resort could use identification bracelets. One person to avoid on the beach is a young man named ORLANDO who sells short day-trips to a restaurant called Lagoustine for $40.00 US pp. He'll tell you you are going to see the Natura Pools and then go to the restaurant for lunch and that you get two free gifts you choose from Lagoustines gift shop. What happens is that you get dropped off at the restaurant a mile up the beach and you are given 2 for $1.00 items . No choice of gifts, no swim at the Natura Pools. The restaurant itself is a good beach restaurant but they should get rid of the guy putting $20.00 US grass hats on patrons heads while they're eating and the guy snapping your picture and trying to sell you a bottle of cheap rum with your picture on it for $15.00 US while you eat your dessert. The meal and boat ride there (we were told there would be 6 people in our boat and 14 showed up) weren't worth $80.00 US a couple. It's a gaff. Natura Park should simply get rid of this guy. There are other ways to get to see other areas including water taxis you can rent. The hotel beach was crowded but you can find a quiet spot up an endless beach. There are sand fleas so bring bug spray.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We are going back! We traveled to Natura Park a year ago last November and had a very good time. We hated to leave and felt that it was a little piece of paradise. It is all that the other POSITIVE reviewer's said it is but I have something I would like to add. Something happened that could have been a disaster for us but thanks to our maid all turned out fine. My husband had opened the safe to get some money out and got distracted and forgot to lock it before we left to go to the beach for the day. You can imagine the horror we felt when we returned to the room and found the safe open and empty. It contained our money and passports. We quickly found out that the maid found it open and gave everything to the manager. Everything was returned to us. You can be sure we tipped her well. So for all the other nice things other reviewers have already said about the doninicans I need to add honesty. We are returning there in three weeks and I am really looking forward to that gorgeous beach and a massage while lying under a cabanna on it.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>King Cesar to the rescue My husband and I stayed at Natura Park the first week of March 2004. It is beautiful and the beaches- like a picture postcard. We had requested a king bed. The gal in reception told us we got one, but when we entered the room we saw two small doubles. My husband and I sleep in a king bed at home and the first night of our vacation, we had to sleep in separate beds. It had been a long day of traveling and we were not happy about this, especially since we were celebrating our 5th wedding anniversary. The same thing happened to us in Riviera Maya at the Palladium last year at this time. Both trips were booked through Apple Vacations and our travel agent was very upfront that we could only make the request, but it wasn't guarenteed. It would be nice if it was an option to pay more and get it. We were disappointed, but our Apple Vacations Rep at Natura saved the day. His name is Cesar and he made sure we got the king the next day. He deserves a raise because at first we thought...that's it, we're done with Apple. Cesar took care of us and his kindness and attention to detail are superb. We will travel with Apple again and can hopefully find a place that can guarentee requests. We met a lot of nice people, including a couple from Cincinatti, Ohio and Brian and John, the dive instructors from Canada. There were a lot of people from Canada there, but most seemed to be from Spain. The food was good- mainly European and the soft ice cream machine by the beach was a big hit with everyone. It kept running out and they'd just fill it up. I liked the pool aerobics, but didn't like the hassle of getting a chair each morning. Go get your towels early, when they open at 8a and leave them on the chairs, then go eat breakfast. If you wait, it's hard to get a chair. Yes, we had a few hassles, but overall Natura park is appealing. The highlight of our trip was tandem parasailing.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Smooth Operation! Just spent two good weeks here! Feb. 28th to March 14th, 2004. As you examine the brochures of this hotel you are led to believe that it is a secluded resort. This is not the case. The resort is one of three along this section of beach. Natura has the largest area of beach. The other two hotels are the Sunscape and an Allegro. Natura and Sunscape don't use identity wrist bands so you can move between the two easily!pNatura's beach is long and wide. There is plenty of white powder soft sand here. The busy section is in the centre. You can find a quieter spot alone on east end. There are plenty of chaises but you have to get up at 7 a.m. to use your towels to claim your spot. Then just go back to bed! If you want to see it, the sun rises at about 6:15 a.m. If you walk far enough to the west end of the beach you come to a rocky point. Walk up onto the grass and you will find a horseback trail, continue on west and you will come upon the Bavaro Hotels. It is about 5 kilometers all together. Wear plenty of sunscreen. The water is busy with water sports, parasailing, speed boats, helicopters, tour boats, party boats and scuba boats. There is a large reef about 2 kilometers out from the beach. The waves break on the reef thereby protecting the beach some what. There are 15 dive sites which are rotated to give you variety. They take place on the other side of the reef. There is shipwreck covered with beautiful coral, nurse sharks, sting rays and countless colouful fish. There is seaweed which washes onto the shore constantly. It is cleaned up daily. The beach water bottom is sandy.pThe hotel is kept very clean. The grounds are impeccable. There are a number of wooden bridges and large ponds filled with fish. 10 Healthy Flamigos, 8 Geese, 6 Egrets, a Heron, and a number of smaller species share the property. Rooms are spacious. The beds are firm and the shower water pressure and temperature is good. Bottled water is provided. The courtyards do echo a bit.pThe majority of the clientele is from Spain, France and Germany and some from North America. Kids are welcome here. You can book a baby sitter for $5.00US an hour. There are activities for them even a little dance time with a Clown in the evening. The entertainment is very professional. A cast of good dancers does their best to give you a fun show each night.pThere are some mosquitos. They fumigate the property every night at 7 p.m. A market is set up on Thursday nights. The quality of silver workmanship is poor The wood carvings are well done. The cigar vendor is selling counterfiet Cuban Cohibas in glass lidded boxes. Cohiba doesn't use this style of packaging.pInternational liquors! The food is good. Lots of fresh fruit juices and fruits like papaya, mango, pineapple and watermelon. Pasta bar, seafood. I found green beans, smoked salmon and Brie cheese! Stay away from the beef unless you like to eat leather. The a la carte restaurants were so so except that they served red Chilean wine which was very good. Did I forget anything? The beach bar is the most casual and is relaxed. They serve up a good lunch everyday. On saturday you get a great Paella cooked on a large beach barbecue.pWe arrived home rested and satisfied. We even made some new friends! Yes...I would go back!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Natura Park Resort Natura Park was beautiful! Metomophosis Spa is a must, as well as La Perla Restaurant. Primarily Europeans and families. Overall a good experience. Great weather. Helps to speak a little spanish. Not impressed with the buffets, but it was our first 'all inclusive'. The ocean was beutiful. A little seaweed, but great to swim.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cnostadt
<Content>very nice experience this was a great time. 03/02-03/09. i used other reviews to decide where to go and many of the natura park reviews are right on. flying out of windsor got us to punta cana early and our room was not available but we were prepared for this from other reviews and had our suits packed in our carry-on. the food was very plentiful and a wide variety. there are many ethnic dishes to try and if you don't like them american food could also be found. the buffet at the beach was my favorite with more recognizable food! the 3 restaurants fill up fast so make your reservations when you arrive at quest services. steak/seafood/italian are the choices. usually 1 week gets you 2 choices but at check-in the receptionist gave us a third voucher (another nice touch). the staff are very hard workers, never just standing around. grounds are very, very nice. rooms are alittle dated but i didn't spend much time in it and our maid kept it very clean. chairs around the pool are taken early but we never had trouble getting one on the beach. lots of activities scheduled on the beach (soccer, volleyball, salsa lessons!) the staff are very cool who lead these activities. nightly entertainment was fun to watch. i would definitely go back  
<Date>Mar 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Value, But Too Noisy The resort offered a great value with the meals and bar tab included in the price. The food was decent and the staff atentive. The grounds were clean and well kept and the rooms were fine. However, if you are looking to rest up from a stressful lifestyle this is not the place for you. The nightly bar entertainment was noisy and that was expected. What was not expected was how noisy the hotel was in general. The marble courtyard and thin wall construction made for loud nights and mornings with the other patrons and staff having their conversations bounce off the walls and onto your thin wood door. I got more rest at home working two jobs and exercising 3 times a week. If you sleep late and wake early, then this is place for you.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would go back in a minute! We had a scare the first night, room problems, but the staff took care of our problems and gave us a new room.We loved the place, the room was good and clean, nothing overly fancy, but we didn't go there to sit in the room. The weather was perfect all week and the beach was great! There was a lot to do right there on the beach, snorkeling, wind surfing and sailing. We really saw no reason to go out of the resort.The food was good and plentiful, we tried a lot of different things. We stayed for a week so we had a chance to visit the resturants twice. You should make these reservations on your first day. Even the buffet was good, especially breakfast.On the negitive side, the Travel Agents want to send you on tours becasue they get a commision. We were disipointed on the trip to Catalina Island. A lot of time on a bus that would have been better spent at the resort.We had a great time. The Dominican people were very nice and when we go back we plan on staying at the same resort.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lovejazz
<Content>great place for winter vacations we went with family for a February kids vacation. rooms were sparkling clean, food was very good, great variety of fruits, salads, deserts, you name it... and people around were the best-very helpful and kind. beach is OK, you have some seeweeds at the high tide, but it did not bother us. we did some sailing, windsurfing and snorkling.we'll definetely come back next year. it is worth every buck we pay for this trip.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Counting the weeks until we can go back We were in Punta Cana from 2/8 through 2/15 and we loved it so much we are hoping to go back next year with some family members.We booked this resort based on price mostly because we had never gone to a resort before and had little expectations. We just wanted to escape the cold weather.I will agree with what some of the other reviewers have said regarding the off - resort tours. We left the resort twice. The first one was for an all day trip that cost about $80 per person. We spent a lot of time on the bus, saw a few interesting things, but at the end of the day wished we'd stayed at the resort.We DID enjoy our other excursion, which was the horseback riding. It took less than 3 hours of our time one morning (we were back at the resort by 10:30). We spent an hour riding on the beach at a nearby resort. I would reccommend this to anyone. We had a small group - only 5 tourists and they sent two guides with us. One stayed in the back with the less experienced riders while the other went ahead with the more adventurous. It felt like something right out of a movie scene. My husband was so proud of himself because he galloped his horse. The price was $25 per person.We bought a little spanish language book and had fun trying to say simple phrases, mostly asking for our morning coffee. We learned that solo means you take your coffee black. The waiters seemed to appreciate our feeble efforts.There was one unfortunate mishap during our stay, but it has already been mentioned in another review. If anyone would like to write to me privately, I would love to talk to anyone who has been or is thinking of going to this wonderful place.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>JUST RETURNED FROM BEAUTIFUL AND WONDERFUL NATURA/PUNTA CANA My boyfriend and I stayed at Natura Park from 2/13-2/20 and we couldn't have been happier with the service, beach and food. The reviews I read before traveling were very helpful which is why I脗 d like to share my experience and help anyone else in return. I have traveled to the Bahamas and the Virgin Islands and by far our vacation to Punta Cana has been the best, mainly because it offered the best service, affordability, friendliest people and beautiful beach. We booked our trip through Apple Vacations and they did a great job in making the entire process seamless and easy. Our only disappointment was the excursion to Saona Island, which we booked through Apple. The cost was $170 US dollars for both of us. We were expecting a beautiful island with an incredible beach and in reality the beach at Natura Park was by far cleaner and more beautiful. The buffet lunch they provided was not appetizing and the numerous wasps and flies made matters worse. We felt as though we lost a day of our vacation since the bus picked us up at 7:30 a.m. and brought us back at 6:30 p.m. We would have had a better time staying at the resort that day and enjoying the beach and free drinks/food there. The only item that I don脗 t think has been mentioned in the other recent reviews is to be sure to bring bug repellant for the evenings. I brought some but neglected to wear it the first couple evenings and highly regretted it the remainder of the trip. Not sure if it was mosquitoes or sand fleas but either way they were extremely itchy!! If anyone has any questions or concerns about Natura Park, please feel free to email me.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>unfortunate event ruins family vacation The resort was fine(accomodations,food, etc.), unfortunately there was an accident at the pool that will mark our memory of this vacation(especially for my ten year old son)Please know that pool regulations regarding safety are quite different than those in the U.S.- keep an eye on your children.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful, fun and relaxing We got back on the 9th of February and absolutely loved it. My wife and I went with our two friends, and we were accomodated with rooms directly across from each other that had views of the grounds (that looks like candy, they're so nice) and even a bit of the ocean. The little terraces each room has are very nice. Everything is pretty close, and the walk from the main buffet area to the rooms  then to the beach is extremely pleasant. I will try to hit a few thing other reviews may have missed.You can walk FOREVER...miles in either direction if you want to. We did that  it was extremely enjoyable. On the walk if you're thirsty, you can work out a deal with the kids to shimmy up the coconut trees and bring down  open cocos (10 pesos/20cents is a fair price per) that you can drink the milk of. On our long walks, we saw MANY other hotels (10, I'd say) and Natura Park was the nicest of all of them. The nicer walk is to the left, where you hit a very long stretch of undeveloped beach...but if you walk an hour or so, there are more hotels...pretty nice  you can use those restrooms and get drinks  food (though of course not for free).Speaking of food. I really liked it. There's always something pretty good  there's TONS of fresh juice (maybe 6 kinds) and fruit, including papaya, mango, pineapple, passion fruit, bananas, apples oranges etc. The variety is SIGNIFICANT...tons of stuff. This place is HUGE. I've never seen so many people eating in one place...and overall things are pretty efficient  well managed. It actually did rain a bit on 2 or 3 days, but cleared off  was sunny after an hour. This time of year gets very little rain...more in the summer  fall.We did an excursion, renting a car at the hotel (handy) for $70 a day  going to Santa Domingo. Long drive for one day. Car died, but we got immediate service  a new car in Santa Domingo, so had an easy trip. We came back to just vegetate on the beach, drinking the pina coladas  eating too much. Easy way to go. I would absolutely recommend it.Lets see, the gym is OK and there are lots of fun activities, dancing and games if you're into that kind of thing. Crowd was not rowdy at all  probably with a median age of 40 or so.Last issue is nationality, which has been discussed in other posts. We came with a Spanish group as my wife is Spanish  our friends are Spanish  Irish (I'm American). I would say about half American or Canadian and almost all the rest European, with good Spanish  German representation, some French, a few Russians, etc. We found it very very fun to watch people  gossip. Pina Coladas facilitate this sort of activity.Thumbs up!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value, location, and people Arrived 01/28/04 with no problems in bus transportation or check in.I'm not going to write a book here but I would recommend this resort highly.I do know a bit of Spanish but don't think it's absolutely necessary. A smile and pantomine works pretty well if you don't know the words. Take a dictionary and improve your mind, get better service, and it helps keep you from being an ugly American touristHOWEVER - if you expect McDonald's or other mass produced US food, don't go. If you expect the staff to speak English as if you were staying in a Holiday Inn in Des Moines, don't go.It's a great place that will really make you feel that you HAVE traveled somewhere different. I enjoyed the different tastes of the foods - I didn't like all of them but there is so much food provided I had no problem getting plenty to eat.If you're a picky eater, eat at the pool for hamburgers, hot dogs, and pizza.The room was clean and the maid service good.Yes, many of the Euro visitors seemed to lack common courtesy or manners.Bottom line, it was an excellent getaway for a week.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful place Just got back from a week at Natura Park with two friends. We had a wonderful stay. Our room was large and spotless, with three beds made up, and a view over the pond where the flamigoes live. It seemed that all the rooms have great views over the gorgeous grounds. The beach is great, with a huge undeveloped area next door, making for long, long walks on the beach without seeing hardly anyone. True what others wrote about needing to reserve seats at the beach, the earlier the better if you like some shade. But then, getting to the beach early meant seeing the sun rise, so it was well worth it. The weather went from breezy to windy while we were there. We found the swimming nice at the beach, but even better if you walk a bit to the left around the point, especially when it was really windy. Just watch out for the boats that zoom by close to shore! The food was good, lots of choice at all the meals. We really enjoyed the beach buffet at lunch, it was nice to not have to walk back up to the hotel. We met a lot of return visitors when we were there, it's the kind of place people like to go back to. Lots of Europeans, fewer Canadians and Americans, we loved hearing all the different languages around us. A wonderful place to go for relaxing outdoor time in beautiful surroundings.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bumped - Reservations don't mean anything! When we arrived at Natura Park on Jan 18 for our confirmed one week stay we were told they were overbooked and we were being bumped for one night. They sent us to Sunscape which was not expecting us; we were not on the list of 12-18 people being bumped that day! Sunscape found us a room (with water running out of the bathroom wall).The next day we were fortunate to have the Air Canada Vacations rep drive us back to Natura Park because the other people who had been bumped waited an hour for the promised transportation and finally paid a passing bus driver to take them back.They did have a room ready for us a day late, but the desk clerk offered us a free massage and tried to trick us into signing a waiver stating that this was full compensation for our poor treatment!It's a lovely resort and we ultimately enjoyed our stay, but their business practices are appalling!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JerseyLady
<Content>Beautiful What a beautiful place. Natural grounds. It was such a relaxing vacations. 4Star. Been to other all inclusives and this one was pretty good. More relaxing than partying. It's not the place to go if you just want to party. The only thing I had read from some-one that they were bumped to another hotel when they arrived. I figured it would never happen to me. Well it did to a whole group of us. It was a bit of an inconvenience. We had to be sent to a hotel down the road which was a 5 Star (Sunscape) very nice. Natura Park was to send us a taxi the next day for the return trip. They never did. We all wasted time waiting to get back. They comp. us by offering a free massage, or 2hr horse back riding or 4wheeler. They also allowed us to eat at all 3 or their special restaurants. They only all you to eat at one, or two or three depending on how many nights you plan to stay. The longer you stay the more you are allowed to make reservations for, and make the early upon arrival. They were very nice places to eat. GREAT service. Also get to the beach no later than 7:30 am if you want a spot in the shade. Bring your towel or something not valuable (magazine) to leave on your spot. This way you'll have a place to sit when you get there (a lot of topless sitting among you). My husband  I took turns finding a spot. If your room is closer to the lobby and buffet restaurant you had a nice walk down to the beach and back. The grounds are all spread out with beautiful landscaping and flamingos and other birds walking freely. Shows at night start at 10PM. Nice shows but much in spanish. I would go back especiall for the price. It was sure worth it. If you have any questions you can email me.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Weather My husband and I stayed at the Natura Park for our Honeymoon and for the most part we loved it.Myself I liked how clean everything was and the staff was very polite and helpful.Being a Vegan I am not the best person to ask how the food was, the was lots of fruit and breads (basically what I lived off of) my husband for the most part enjoyed the meals. He especially like the A La Catre restaurants (we chose la Gondola (my favorite) and Media Luna.) The only thing he didn't like was that there was only 1 buffet restaurant for breakfast and dinner.If you are going to Punta Cana to party and meet people Natura Park wouldn't be the best place to go unless you speak alot of French and German.But it was a beautiful place to relax and enjoy the beach, (make sure you bring something down to the beach before 8:00 to reserve your chair!!)I would definitly reccomend Natura Park to anyone that is looking for some R 'n' R and basking in the sun for hours on end.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay Natura Park Spa and Hotel is a wonderful place for someone looking just to veg out,enjoy the sun and relax,relax,relax, I've been there two times already and when I save up more money I will likely go back again. I'm pretty fussy about traveling as to where I stay and accomidations and room,etc. This place met all that I wanted except for just one small problem and that I don't speak spanish, but managed to get along and the other problem was the beef. I found their beef very hard to chew and therefore was dissaponited about that only. The food is pleantiful especially the breakfasts, lunch also very good and dinners, well if you stick to chicken and their fish you won't be dissapointed. Go early and watch the sun rise, reserve your chairs and then have breakfast and then enjoy, enjoy , enjoy. The staff are excellent and the spa for a massage or sauna or both is great and the cost is unbeatable. I would suggest an early flight and a late return flight to reap the benefits before leaving. I strongly reccomed it. I would give it 5 stars as a rating...  
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing Trip and Beautiful Surroundings Let me start by saying that I don't really understand why some people were complaining about this resort. I read trip advisor and kept in mind that some people aren't happy unless they're being waited on hand and foot while on vacation. After experiencing Natura Park, I believe this to be the case of those people who were complaining. The rooms were of average size that you would find at any typical hotel you stayed at with a balcony for each room. However, you don't spend all your time in your room while you're at a beach resort such as this. Everyone that was there, from the staff to the other guests who were predominantly Spanish and Italian, were very friendly. The beach was a beautiful white and kept clean by the staff daily. If you walked to the right on the beach, you'd come to Allegro and Sunscape resorts. You could tell when you were on their property 'cause the sand was more packed down and not kept clean like at our resort. If you walked to the left along the beach, it was completely uninhabited land that was amazing and a lot of people did their swimming in this part. The food was good if you aren't picky and not afraid of trying something other than your typical American/Canadian cuisines. They had a lot of variety there and no one should have any problem finding something that they could eat happily. A lot of the staff didn't quite understand English but they made a good effort to try and understand what you were saying. Besides, after a few days there, you were able to pick up on key words that they were saying in order to communicate. Overall, it was a really great resort and I had an amazing time. I made many new friends and plan on returning. I really can't see myself staying any place else when I return to Punta Cana. If you would like to know anything else, feel free to e-mail me.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The perfect tanning weather We had great beach weather, nice breeze coming off the ocean the entire week. I would consider the hotel a 3 or 4 rating. Two of our mornings we didn't have hot water for the shower, it wasn't fixed till the after 2:00 pm. The rooms were clean, a bit of a musty smell however. A tip from the maid, as she had left a piece of paper, to trip the circuit where the key is to be placed, on the wall at door of the room, if your key is not in this cubby slot, nothing works, no air conditioning, no lights so it helped us by leaving that paper in the slot the whole week. We had no problems getting reservations for the special resturants, but are only allowed 2 visits for our week stay. It is there where the dress code of men wear pants apply. Not at the regular buffet. The mini bar is weird, but they do tell you that and which ones are included. Like the soda , water, and beer. The beach had alot of vegitation and litter on it , its a shame that they care so little for the natural beauty that they have. I probably will return to the Dom Rep, but I'll shop around a little more.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful week at Natura Park Nov 9-16, 2003 Just returned from a fabulous week at Natura Park. It rained quite a bit but still a great week. The staff is very friendly and courteous and everything we asked for we got. We were bumped the first night due to the Dominican Holiday to Sunscape which is 2 hotels away. It was nice to see another hotel and experience the difference. Sunscape did not require reservations for their Italian Restaurant so we were able to have a great meal. The next day Natura Park paid for the cab from Sunscape as they said they would, even though hotel was close it would be difficult to walk with luggage. Our room was ready upon arrival,we asked for it to be changed as we wanted a king sized bed and they honored the request. We were offered 1/2 hour massages and late check out for the inconvience. We tried all three specialty restaurants at Natura and all were fabulous. The main dining room was also great food. We did not hear much english for the first 4 days of our stay but it was not a problem you really can communicate if you try as we had conversations with non english speaking guests. We would definitely go back. The beach was great and the rooms clean and comfortable. The beach was clean, a little seaweed but not an issue. I would suggest this property for the well traveled with a flexible palate. Dishes from all different countries were served. On Saturday they made paella on the beach with all sorts of fresh seafood,yum. The massages were great. Can't wait to return to this wonderful place.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nature-friendly resort In August of 3003, my husband and I, two of our adult children, and my sister spent one week at Natura Park Resort and Spa in Punta Cana (Dominican Republic). We had a wonderful time, and we're writing this review to share some of our experiences with others.We've stayed at eight other all-inclusive resorts throughout the Caribbean, and we would have to say that this was one of our best vacations overall. The grounds at Natura Park are its very best asset; they are immaculately maintained and aethestically very beautiful. Flamingoes, storks, geese and other exotic birds roam freely over the grounds. Our room overlooked the flamingo lagoon, and while sitting on our balcony, you'd swear you were on Fantasy Island.The rooms themselves were large, and most everything was in working order. They were not as fancy as some we've stayed in, but they were clean and comfortable. Beds tended to be on the hard side. Maid service varied greatly, depending on the maid who cleaned your room on any given day. Most maids were very attentive and responsive, and they must have chuckled at my feeble attempts to leave notes in Spanish. Most maids at Natura Park do not speak fluent English. One maid in particular was not very efficient; dirty towels were consistently left in the room, requests for bottled water were ignored, although tips were always removed. Thankfully, this was not true of all the maids at Natura Park.The beach was wonderful; there was always plenty of shade for those who desired to escape the tropical sun. Seaweed was somewhat problematic at Natura Park, although the grounds crew worked diligently to rake the beach each morning. Motor boat rentals offshore beside Natura Park created some unwanted noise, but the water was so soothing that you could successfully tune out this distraction. Finding beach chairs each morning was not an issue, provided that someone in your party reserves those (by placing a towel on them) by 8:30 A.M. We didn't spend much time in the pool; we were there for the magnificent ocean.The staff at Natura Park were magnanimous and extremely friendly. Some were very adept at speaking English while others were not. We've stayed at other all-inclusive resorts where resort staff virtually ignored guests. This was NOT the case with Natura Park. In general, we found the Domincians to be very hospitable people.We had some concern, however, about a strange practice in the hotel gift stores. When asked to quote you a price from Dominican pesos to dollars, you'd be quoted one price at the counter; then, upon paying at the register, a higher price would be charged. This happened on a consistent basis and did cause us some concern. My sister asked a manager about this practice; he didn't seem at all surprised, and we assumed that this practice has been condoned by management. We realize that the Dominicans are not wealthy people, but we would rather tip well than to be charged more for something than we had originally been quoted. This would not deter us from returning to Natura Park again, but it was somewhat disconcerting.Others have complained about aggressive time share salespeople. We saw NONE during our week at Natura Park. We also found the availability/quality of beach towels to be just fine (another source of complaint we had read about before going to this particular resort). The mini-bar had also been a common complaint we had read about; we thought that it was made explicitly clear which items were included in the all-inclusive rate and which ones involved an extra fee.The food at Natura Park was very good -- varied, fresh, and in great abundance... One would never go hungry while staying at this resort. We had read before visiting Natura Park that this was a paradise for vegetarians. My sister and daughter are vegetarians, and they would wholeheartedly concur. I did not sample many of the meat/fish dishes, as they weren't always properly labelled. Some people tried (and liked) goat meat; I definitely tried to stay clear of that particular dish. Fruit was always in great supply, as were rice and veggie dishes. We found that the grill a la carte restaurant was our favorite!We did not drink the tap water, and for the most part, bottled water was made readily available. Only one person out of five in our party became ill while at Natura Park, and we're not sure why he was sick. It might have had nothing to do with the water. The rest of us remained extremely healthy.Before going to this particular resort, we had been forewarned by our travel agent that this resort catered primarily to Europeans (Spanish-speaking people, Germans, Belgians, French). In fact, we were told that only 10% of the guests were from the United States. We found that to be an underestimate; during the entire week there, we only met one other couple from Canada and one from the United States. One would go most of an entire day without hearing a word of English, but we found that to be remarkably refreshing. We had also read reviews about rude, aggressive European guests. We did see some of that, but most of the Europeans were very polite and gentile.In summary, would we return to Natura Park? IN A HEARTBEAT! In fact, all five of us plan on returning to this same resort next August. We had an awesome time, and overall this was our most positive all-inclusive experience.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Malgorzata
<Content>go at your own risk! To start with - it was my third trip to DR this year so I was not expecting anything luxurious knowing that 5 stars are not 5 stars in DR. I have chosen Natura Park based on recommendations of a guest service person from a resort in Juan Dolio. So I went there hoping for a nice, fun, relaxing time, which I had previously this year in Coral Hamaca in Boca Chica and Barcelo Capella in Juan Dolio. Well, well, well ... It started with the 'announcement' that they have to move me to another resort because Natura Park was overbooked. The following day I was not picked up, as promised, by so called person in charge of the front desk to be moved from Sunscape to Natura at the prearranged time, so the taxi had to be taken. Surrounding? Yes, quite nice until you relize that ponds smell something rotten. Rooms? A run down establishment with two full size uncomfortable beds. Food? No luck to get a reservation to any restaurant during my five days stay, thus the buffet was the only choice to eat (on the way back, I was so happy to munch on the AA food !! - got the picture ?). Water sports? Good joke. Booked for days in advance. But I guess I was 'lucky' to cut the waiting list with $$ talk, so I was able to get a catamaran to sail on a couple of occasions for an hour. Enjoyment on the beach? Overcrowded place to hunt for a chair at 8AM and be packed like sardines chair by chair. Staff/people? How unfriendly comparing to Santo Domingo and towns around it. I could go on and complain but what for? :). Just one line - if you plan to go to Natura Park, go at your own risk!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>grandmonsterb
<Content>Good place in Punta Cana I've spent 8 days in Natura Park Resort in May of 2003.Price: $850 all inclusive from NYC booked via Expedia.com.Hotel: definitely not 5 star but I would say 4 star.The hotels is located right on the beach but you have to realize that there are about 15 building at the resort. Some of them(#12, 13) are located pretty far away from the beach(about 10-15 minutes walk). Other buildings(#1,2, 3,4) are located right near the beach and the swimming pool but it would take you about 10 minutes to walk from these building towards the main restaurant(where the breakfast and lunch are being served).The hotel grounds are absolutely beautiful: little ponds, lots of trees, geese and exotic fish in the ponds, flamingos walking freely at the territory. The buldings are styled to be 'part of the nature' with a lot of wooden panels and flowers. The rooms are decent in size, wooden panels, A/C works pretty well. Normal size bathroom - it didn't flush when we arrived- but it was fixed within half an hour. Food: There is a main buffet restaurant in the main lobby building - breakfast and lunch are served.Breakfast: good variaty...eggs, ommeletts, sereals, milk, yogurt to die for...try it.., lots of breads, cold meats, salads.Lunch: main buffer...lots of choices..salad, meats, pasta, fish, chicken vegetables, etc...Dinner: several restaurant with advance reservations: Italian-pretty good...classic italian dishes...good service, La Perla...on the beach...very good seafood, and another restaurant in between those beatuiful ponds with flamingos....several meat dishes...nothing spectacular. Also, buffer restaurant is open for dinner...no reservation required....standard choice of fish and meat dishes, salads, pasta, carving station, etc.Overall, the food is OK ....nothing spectacular...being from New York City...I would say it would be hard to really impress me with something special...but overall the food is OK.Be carefull not to drink any water other than the one from the bottles. Service: Most of the people serving you don't speak English or speak very little. So don't expect they would follow your order right away or give you one of those 'american smiles'. Overall, the service is OK. Also, be patient: this is careabean...everythign is moving several times slower than in NYC.Beach: pretty large with some areas under the palms that would provide you some protection against the sun. But you have to wake up early....about 7:30AM to have a chance to get one of those locations under the shade.The ocean is very clean...sometimes there is some seaweed but not a lot. The waters are very calms with lots of medium size fishes...no sharks....If you really would like to swim in some extra clean water, walk to the left of the main beach abot 300 feet where the island makes a turn. The water is so clear you could really see the buttom. Also, this is a very romantic place to have a picture taken.Entertainment: Very little, there are some performences on some nights in a small room. Nothing great even compare to the hotels adjacent to this one. There are few ping-pong tables, few computers with internet available for $7 per hour.Tours: There are several tours from the hotel but be aware that the bus will bring you to the main Tours building first and then several buses would be going to the different destinations...that could take a while...we were waiting for 40 minutes at the main Tours building before we actually departed.Also, be sure to inquire what exactly the tour costists of: we signed up for a tour of Village of De Chavon which is man-built village in the Spanish/Italian style with narrow streets, ancient-looking buildings, reastaruant, shops, and the view to die for. Unfortunately, on the way to that location we made several unannounced shops: the main Cathedral-huge church with nothing special inside- wasted about 30 minute under 100 degrees weather. Another stop in some littel church - just to give some tips to the tour guy - absolutely nothing to see there. Then another stop at the little shop with 'best prices' - a rip off...don't buy anything there. So make sure you inquire what is the conent of each tour and if you see some unexpected stops, make sure you say something..you would be supported by other people on the bus. As a result of these stops, we had about 30 minutes to spend at the 'main' location....which is not near enough...there are some interested shops, lost of places to make pictures, restaurants, etc.How far from the Punta Cana airport: the driving time is really about 20 minutes. But there is no guarantee that the bus from the airport would depart right away-we were waiting for about 30 minutes for bus to get 'filled'.Airport at Punta Cana: Pretty small, the check in/arrival procedures are pretty slow...especially if you flighing from PC to USA(especially to NYC).Climate: In May mostly sunny, around 85-88 F. There are some days with tropical rains but those are rare in May. Pretty humid and you have to use sun-block at least 45....if you don't use one...you would get a burn in 15 minutes...Overall: pretty good hotel with OK service, great beach and not very expensive. I would come back.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Check teh rating - not a 5 star hotel! I just returned from my first trip to the Dominican. I had very mixed feelings about going to Natura after reading the reviews, but now have my own opinion based on my stay. First, the grounds are absolutely spectacular. It truly is a beautiful resort; however, the food was terrible, the staff barely spoke English, our air conditioner broke twice during our stay, and we could not get a single reservation for dinner even though we tried booking immediately after arriving. We were told that they were all full and we could eat the buffet each night or order room service. Our third night we opted to eat in, but our order was lost and we did not receive our food until three hours and four phone calls later. There is only one pool and it had so many kids screaming and yelling and throwing cups and bumping into you that it became very difficult to relax and enjoy. Overall, it was very disappointing. Fortunately the grounds and the weather were both perfect. I guess it wasn't a total wash. I did come back with a really nice tan after all.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great The resort was great, the beach was incredible, I saw my first sea snake, and swam with nurse sharks. The only down fall was the the spa my i had a pedicure and manicure the day before i came home, and they totally ruined my legs and hands. But if your going for an incredible view, to relax or to have an adventure. its the the perfect place. and the food was really good, and the seafood at la perla was excellent. i would and am thinking of going back, just staying away from the spa.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Vacation You cannot expect anything else for your money at Natura Park. The staff was ready and willing to help at anytime. You have to remember that a lot of the employees do not speak fluent english, so if they cannot understand you, they cannot help you. I would suggest learning a couple of phrases e.g., more towels please.When we first went into our room, they have given us a king suite. We needed a family suite with two double beds. I called the front desk and someone was there within 10 minutes--we didn't even have to carry our bags.The only down side is the food, but who goes on vacation for just the food. The beaches were beautiful, the pool was clean, and the grounds were unbelievable. The employees would come around and pick up any dirty dishes or glasses around the pool.I would definately go here again. Much much much better than the Riu Resorts!! I went there two years ago and thought that I would never go to Punta Cana again, I am glad I changed my mind.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An experience to remember My three friends and I went to Punta Cana for 8 days and just arrived back on May 30th. It was my first time in the Dominican Republic and quite frankly I think I expected too much of the island. I really liked the resort. The food was really good and the drinks were even better. I really enjoyed the nightly entertainment, however the club could use a new d.j. There were too many Europians and they catered to their music. The grounds were well kept and yes....the geese tried to attack us. I didn't enjoy the beach because it had to much sea weed and medium size fishes right on shore. I enjoyed the spa very much. I got a package deal for $105, this package would have cost over $300 in CT. The service was always great. I really felt bad for the locals especially the kids. They looked really poor even though so many tourist are going to Punta Cana. I hope that the government is able to use some of that money to build the economy. The locals only get paid $150 to $250 a month. I would recommend Natura Park to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Know how some complain! My wife and I just returned from Punta Cana and our stay at the Natura Park Resort. We arrived back at JFK on April 26th. By far, this was one of our best vacations! The staff at Natura pPark were exceptional to say the least. Our room was ready immediately upon arrival at the property. The ride to the property was a quick 20 minutes. There wasn't much to see along the way however, you got a small taste of what life is really like for those less fortunate than many.We had a king bed in a very large room with sattelite TV. Plenty of American television if you had a rainy day. I am a chef currently in my second year at the Culinary Institute of America, Hyde Park, NY. and trust me, I am the worlds worst food critic. I have to say, I was impressed!Not only was the food exceptional, it was plentiful as well! We spent 8 days and not once did I get bored with any of the the buffets or individual resturants. The pasta stations were my favorite! The steak at Cafe Media Luna was melt in your mouth good! The staff were incredibly attentive and worthy of great tips!The booze was there for the taking! Trust me, if you tipped a buck or two, you got what you wanted when you wanted it without hassle or wait. The beaches are killer! My wife and I must have spent 8 hours each day lounging, drinking, and walking the beach. We snorkeled, kyacked, ate, drank, laughed at some of the sites, relaxed and enjoyed this not so far away peace of paradise!Roughly 10% of the woman on the beach are topless and way to many of the old chubby farts are wearing speedos. The boobs are ok, but the speedos got to go! If your desire is to take a short flight for a little bit of money and relax until the cows come home, well, pack your bags and jet to Punta Cana. The beds are a bit hard, I might look for an air matress for future visits but i will definetlely be back!! Everything else was perfect!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Extremely Nice Grounds Since i saw some of the reviews of this place i had second thoughts about my up vacation coming up. However i am pleased to say that the hotel gardens and grounds were extremely beutiful. I loved all the flamingoes and geese and wildlife on the resort. The geese seem to attack you and bite you for your food. My family found it quite comical and laughed at the fact of those damn man-eaters that would hang out and bite the people walking by. Ive been down to the carribean as well as Mexico and I thought that the hotel as a whole was well kept and alot of fun. The food is great. Im a picky eater and I still thought the food was better then all the other resorts that ive stayed at. I do have to say the drinks could have been better. THEY dont even put a banana in a banana mama. They seem to have a different method of doing things. The pina coladas were pretty good and your beer and mixes are the same were ever you go. The beach was really great. There are no waves so if you are a surfer and wave rider dont plan this area to ride waves. The waves break out on the reef way out in front of the hotel. The snorkeling could not have been any better. I mean right by the shore there isn't much corel but if you take a boat out for like $10 dollars/person you go to the coral reef and that is absolutely incredable. Bring in a piece of bread and you will have thousands of fish swarming around you of all different colors. The water is as clear aqua blue as can be. People some what complain about the seawead that washes ashore but it is cleaned up every early morning. If you want all you have to do is walk down the beach for like 2 minutes to the nature park and that is nothing but white sand and few if any weeds. Over all i would definatly recommend the resort to people. The service is great these people would bend over backwards for you more then other caribean peoples. The food is great. The water is great. The resort is great.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Think before you book I have been to Punta Cana before and loved it, but this resort made me rethink my plans here again. I was very disappointed in the service and not once did we sit down to a clean table at the buffet. Getting service at the bar was like waiting at the doctor's office. It took forever. Even though it was practically empty. Even if you tipped the service was not any better. Our floor in our room was dirty and we asked for it to be cleaned. The maid handed us a broom. So much for the tip she took the day before so readily. Not to mention the mouse droppings on the bed linens. If you really want to see Punta Cana and it's beautiful beaches, choose a resort that is worth it.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lily511
<Content>Perfect vacation We visited Natura Park from March 15-22, 2003 with four teenagers ages 14-20, and we loved it! The hotel is beautiful, pink stone and tile, with large clean rooms with balconies. The furnishings are made of natural, local materials. Our rooms overlooked the gardens and lagoons. We liked being toward the central courtyard rather than near the beach, because we enjoyed the short stroll through the lush gardens to get to the beach every day. The grounds have pathways winding around ponds and lagoons, with flamingoes and egrets. The grounds were very well maintained; people were working constantly to trim and water the foliage. We spent most of our time at the beach, swimming and snorkeling. We could always find chairs together, and moved them from sun to shade as our mood or the temperature merited. The weather was perfect. I'd swim out in the turquoise water, turn to look at the white sand and palm trees, and remind myself that I was really there! We visited the flea markets near the other hotels, but usually walked in the other direction - there is empty beach and forested land for miles! We used the sea kayaks and snorkeling equipment provided by the resort, and took full advantage of the variety of food venues. I had pinas coladas from the beach restaurant, the main bar, the other main bar, and the in-the-pool-under-the-waterfall bar. We all spent time in the beautiful, huge pool that wraps around palm trees. It has shallow, kiddy areas and a jacuzzi section. And a swim-up bar serving drinks for all tastes and ages. We found plenty of food to suit us, with lots of fresh fruit and yogurt. Even the fussiest eaters were happy. I had pineapple at every meal for a week, and the mangoes were amazing. We liked the European feel of the place, and the fact that we heard mostly languages other than English. All the staff were very friendly, and we did not tip until our departure. We took the outback safari trip, because we wanted to get off the resort and see the countryside. It was a lot of driving, but , and the beach we visited was stunning. The guides were very entertaining. Altogether, it was the most deeeply relaxing time in the most beautiful place, and I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Beach, That's all First time visitors to Dominican Republic. Went there with open mind looking for great beaches and lots of relaxation. Got that. Don't go expecting the craziness of Cancun. Architecture was interesting but it rained two days out of seven that we were there. The thatched roofs over the main bar leaked badly and there were buckets and puddles everywhere. The floors being tile were a real hazzard. My legs were bitten quite badly that I think came from the sleeping quarters although my wife had none. This was inspite of the fact that each night they sprayed heavily for bugs right at dinner time leaving a fowl taste in your mouth. Time share folks were relentless. NO means NO. We were accousted several times a day each day we were there and there was no escaping them as they hung around the main lobby all day long. The grounds were beautiful and manicured daily. Unfortunately the workers chose to use the bushes directly outside our room for their urinal each day. When we were there, the bathroom at the beach was closed and they had converted two hotel rooms into outhouse facilities. We made several trips to our room to avoid the lines. One day we took a $40 round trip taxi ride to the local shopping area and found that each store had the same items but were more than willing to bargain with you. One hour was more than enough. Finally the airport was a hoot. Only 4 gates and the facilities are open air and thatched roofs. Upon depature, I swear that everyone on the Island was leaving at the exact same time as there were not seats available. Our flight was delayed several hours as was everyone elses. Food was OK but boring after several days. Fish was a disappointment. With so many other tropical paradises to try, we will not be returning to Natura Park in the near future.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Is Natura Park For You? Stayed at Natura Park 3/16 - 3/23. First of all, was almost scared off from this resort by some of the reviews. I read and reread them all and am THRILLED to say that this turned out be be my best vacation EVER. I traveled with a girlfriend, we are both 40ish. I will write some of our experiences.. Something we weren't told - there is a $10.00 per person fee to get into the country. You pay this at the airport when arriving. Checking in- no problem at all, fast and effiecient. The room was clean, and large, would have loved a view of the ocean, but certainly the garden views were acceptable and pretty. Carmen, our maid, was accomadating and helpful. We never waited for towels or hot water. Yes, we did bring her little gifts, but she would do special things like fan-fold back our sheets, giving the room an extra special touch. Food - different but good and plentiful. At every meal we could find something that we loved. The omelettes and pasta station were favorites, and it is a flan lovers dream. I didn't find service to be a problem. I slipped the waiter a dollar when he delivered our first round of drinks with our meals and found that our drinks would be filled without even asking. The beach and water were PERFECT. Seaweed was only a problem on one day, and that day was spent in the pool. We also saw Antonio for the horseback riding at sunset on the beach - $45 US per person, money well spent. BEAUTIFUL vistas, once in a lifetime experience. Have to admit, couldn't walk for 2 days afterwards, but a better excuse to just lounge by the ocean. The Dominicans - helpful, happy, polite, charming, hard-working people. We were always greeted with a smile and an hola. They were patient with our feeble attempt at Spanish and we shared info about our cultures. While there, the breakdown was about 50% French, 25% Spanish, 20% German, and 5% American. Seemed to be more Americans toward the end of the week. The French seemed a little distand and aloof - could be that is because weV - got many stations including CNN. Met some wonderful Americans there. Hola to Marilyn and Don, Tommy and Keith! All in all I think it takes a special kind of person to appreciate this resort. There is no white glove treatment, there is, however, a beauty and relaxfulness that you don't find at many resorts. I would go back in a heartbeat...and plan to! If anyone has any questions that I can help with, please feel free to drop me a line!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Heather987
<Content>Paradise We traveled to Natura Park Resort and Spa from March 11-18 and had a fabulous time. I cannot understand what some of the previous people who wrote reviews are complaining about. As we all know, some people will always find something to complain about....and that is too bad for them because these people will never be satisfied. If you want American food, American resorts, American shopping and American entertainment then you should just stay in America. If you are not willing to travel with an open mind, then just stay home and stop complaining! As for our trip to Natura Park...we could not have asked for a better time. I have traveled a lot and have stayed at many 5 and 6 star hotels during my travels including Hyatt, Hilton, the Westin and the Ritz Carlton. Natura Park was not exactly the same as these, but came pretty close. (However, you must always remember that you are in another country....the Dominican Republic is not the USA!) I have also been fortunate enough to travel to Hawaii, Cancun, St. Martin and the Cayman Islands and I would have to say Punta Cana is just as beautiful as these other places. Do not hesitate to come to this paradise island in the caribbean. From what we saw (we went on the Outback Safari Tour, an all day tour to see the countryside - A GREAT time!) the island is very clean, the people in the villages are extremely friendly and we felt safe the entire time, out in the villages and in our hotel. Natura Park gets a 5 star rating from us and remember I am comparing it to other 5 and 6 star hotels in the USA. We stayed on the 3rd floor in building 4 which is non-smoking. I requested this one week before we left and we were assigned this room right when we checked in. ( we had absolutely no problems checking in). The rooms were average, but VERY clean and spacious. (This is quite alright though because when you go to the Caribbean you should not spend most of your time in your room---go to the beach!) They had wonderful balconys overlooking the beautiful grounds. There were no bugs in the rooms ever. We always had water pressure and hot water. Our toliet NEVER leaked. The housekeepers gave us clean towels and filled our minibar everyday. I brought my own hairdryer and there was already an adapter in the room for me and it worked just as well as it did at home. The food was only okay, but what can you expect from an all-inclusive hotel that is IN ANOTHER COUNTRY!!! I am an extremely picky eater in the USA and I did fine. There was always something to eat and food is served almost all the time. The Steak restaurant was the best. The beach bar was good also. The entertainment every night was fun. Remember, you are not in Las Vegas. The entertainers try very hard and get the audience involved every night. We went to the shows every night and had a good time. Have an open mind, relax and enjoy the show. You can even go as far as getting involved if you would like. Also remember, you will get out of it, what you put into it! If you like to go to clubs or the disco, Natura has a shuttle after the entertainment that takes you over there every night around 11pm. I believe this is free, but we did not go. The grounds are gorgeous and constantly being maintained. The beach is breathtaking and the water is clean and crisp. There was not that much seaweed and for pete sake, it is an ocean! I think I have seen more seaweed in St. Martin and Caymans and even Lake Michigan. The pool is clean and there were never more than 10 people in it at a time and we were there during the busy season. You can always find a chair on the beach with a Cabana. I think Natura Park's beach is the biggest and most spread out compared to the 2 other resorts next to it (Allegro and Sunscape). The Staff.....very helpful and friendly. We do not know any Spanish at all. I brought a Spanish/English dictionary and this helped a lot, but if you try, even just a little, the staff will thrive off of that. The waiters/waitresses. bartenders, entertainers, housekeepers, front desk employees, guest services, etc were all wonderful. Basically my main motto everywhere I go is treat people the way you would like to be treated and you will really always get farther by sticking to this. All you have to do is make a little effort and the staff will receive you with open arms. ALWAYS say Hello and give them a smile. They work very hard and very long hours and are dedicated to making sure their guests have a pleasant time. I brought a small bag of gifts from Walmart to give to the housekeeper everyday (nail polish, stationary, Blistex, perfume, etc.) and some T-shirts and ball caps for the staff members we talked with a lot. They really appreciated this and were extremely greatful. I recommend doing this, not only because you will get even better service, but by the end of the trip you will WANT to do this for the people you have connected with. Overall, we had a great time and would return in a heartbeat. I was exteremly sad to go home. I was hesitant to come to Punta Cana because I was uneducated about the Dominican Republic. I held the same stereotypes many Americans hold against this beautiful island, however, my stay at Natura Park in Punta Cana proved that I was very wrong. The Domnican Republic is truly the hidden paradise in the Caribbean. While I was here for my short stay of 7 nights, I fell in love with the beaches, the resort, the countryside/landscaping and most of all, the wonderful people. Give this resort and island a chance. I am confident that if you go with an open mind, you will have a great time and will want to return again!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>it was great After reading some of the reviews, I have to wonder where some of these people were staying or maybe did they drink so much they didn't know what was going on around them. We visited in Feb.  had a great time. It is only about 20 minutes from the airport which is really nice. No long bus ride to your motel. The staff were all friendly; no problems at checkin or at any time. Service was a little slow at times at the bar. They did have a good variety of International Drinks (Dewers, Beefeater, etc). The food was the usual at all inclusives in the Islands; same food all week, but if you eat a different type of meat and veggy at each meal it doesn't get boring. The only thing I found was that the omellettes were more like fried eggs than omellettes. But if you want the food to taste like it does at home, then stay at home.The grounds were beautiful. Rained for about 10 seconds during the whole week. Room was nice with a big balcony with a view of a pond at the back of the building. The only problem was twin beds instead of doubles. No big deal. We were on the second floor. There was no musty smell that some people complained about. The food at the Luna restaurant was very good (had steak once and chicken the next time- both were excellent)  the waiters were very pleasant. We ate there twice. They could use another washroom on the beach as it gets quite busy during the day. I found it faster just to go to our room to use the washroom. We got up early, put our towels on chairs then went for breakfast. The beach did have some seaweed during the week, but you can't control nature (at least it didn't smell.) and the beach did not have any rocks in the water; it was very sandy and firm. The last place I stayed on the Mayan Riviera in Mexico we had to step over a lot of small rocks to get into the water, and there also were rocks in the water; but not here. WE took the kayaks and paddle boats out every day. There is entertainment by the pool every day if you want to get involved, as well as voll when the water was very cool in the shower, but if everyone comes in around suppertime to shower, you are going to have this problem. We showered a little later in the day before going for supper  found we always had hot water. The burgers at the beach were great. Pool was big. Nice long beach for walks. Entertainment wasn't the best, but it was good. Didn't have a problem with mosquitos. The timeshare people were the biggest pests. We were approached a number of times near the lobby, and they just didn't seem to understand NO. As for getting the best rate for US to pesos, it differs depending on where you change your money. This is the same in every country you visit. (At least they accept other foreign currency, unlike the US which will only accept its own currency) It is best to ask your tour rep. or check things out first before you change your money to see were you would get the best rate. I would definately like to return to NaturaPark. We had a great time, very relaxing, excellent weather, nice motel, nice people. You have to remember when you are visiting a foreign country, you are not at home, don't expect everything to be the same as it is at home.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful! When we arrived at Natura Park we were very impressed by the cleanliness, hospitable staff, and beautiful scenery. Although it would help if you know Spanish, you could still muddle your way through the communication barrier. The food was pretty good, but the best part of the trip was the being albe to lay on the beautiful beaches and by the pool, the whole point of our vacation.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beauty is in the Eye of the Beholder I read reviews here prior to leaving for The Natura Park Resort, and after returning. There are more negative reviews now than before we left and I wanted to give some balance. As with any vacation what really matters is what you are looking for.I will start with what we did find disappointing.. The first room we received was on the lower level and was very musty smelling. It was clean, but due to the nature of the resort and the climate, the lower rooms smell musty. We explained the problem we had and were moved to a 3rd floor room and loved the accomodations. . I honestly don't know if it's Natura Park or all of Punta Cana, but they are not big on hot water. Showers were luke warm usually, warm very occasionally, and cold from time to time. The Jacuzzi in the pool is the same temp as the rest of the pool which is understandable. but even the small Jaccuzzi in the Spa was cool water.. The service we received in the Steak specialty restaraunt was, although not outright rude, very indifferent.These were our only disappointments. Following are things that were fine with us but could be important to others.. Lack of English use. Many of the resort staff do not speak English. If you don't speak spanish, don't hold it against them. Have fun with it. My wife and I had Spanish in High school many years ago, but enjoyed trying to communicate and found that in the vast majority of the cases the staff had fun as well. It was our first trip where Americans were in the minority - and by a long shot. Germans, French, Italians, and Hispanics from many nations flock to Punta Cana.. Meals - I cannot say I was disappointed in the food, but I did get a little tired of the buffet. We stayed 7 nights which entitled us to just 2 Ala Carte dinners at the specialty restaraunts. The food was good, healthy, clean. We had no stomach problems the entire trip, we never went hungry and the quality was from good to outstanding. Fruits and desserts were the best overall quality in our estimation.. Open Air - With the exception of your room, no public structures at the resorts are enclosed. All are under massive Thatched roofs, with outstanding construction - very interesting architecture. We arrived on a Tuesday had no rain until Sunday night, and Monday was the only day we had any bug issues, and they were minor. The more rain/humidity the more bugs. We hit a good week.. Entertainment - There were many events by the pool for kids, The nightly entertainment is just okay. If your looking for huge wild dance parties, this isn't the place. But it is local music which can be lively at times and mostly Spanish in language. Entertainment isn't big on our list.The following we found to be exceptional:. The Beach is amazing. I read some complaints about seaweed and it's true - there is seaweed but it is the ocean. This is nature, not a sign of a poor run resort. Although there were times much busier than others we were never without a lounge chair and shade. Had to look for a few minutes a couple of times but always found one.. Along all of Bavaro Beach of which Natura Park is set in the middle of many other resorts, no structure is allowed to be taller than the tallest Palm tree. When in/on the ocean or walking down the shoreline you do not see endless rows of towering high rise hotels. You see the natural beauty of this remarkable island.. The Grounds of Natura Park are breathtaking. Pathways run through exotic trees, birds and flora. Bridges run over ponds full of fish that you can feed bread to over the rail. The geese are beautiful but can be a bit annoying when they get honking but it is all part of the setting. Large white heron type birds fly around the interior garden area along with woodpeckers, Hummingbirds and many other species.Well maintained natural setting.We were looking for a relaxing week on a beach, and got that and a lot more. This is not a 4 star hotel by American norms, but it is 5 star in natural beauty and relaxation. It is not Sandals, it is not the Hyatt Regency. It is Punta Cana and it is beautiful.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KBW
<Content>Loved Natura Park! The reviews I read on this website really made me nervous before we left for our trip. Contrary to what I read though, we had a great time at Natura Park. Our room was clean and spacious. The food wasn't great but it wasn't terrible - the DR is a foreign country so I would expect that it would be a little different from what I eat every day. The beach was beautiful -lots of chairs under little cabanas for shade when you wanted it. You couldn't ask for better weather. We took a catamaran out on the ocean each day, as well as kayaks and paddle boats. There is at least 2.5 miles of undeveloped beach front to the left of the resort that you can walk along. We set an alarm for 6:30 each morning so that we could go out on the beach, stake our claim on our beach chairs for the day and watch the sun come up. Such a great trip - I was so sad to leave. Go with an open mind and have a fun trip!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>warm weather cold shoulder My husband and I have been on many vacations but, this was by far the worst. I read some of the reviews on this web site but, hoped for the best. On arrival at the hotel there was nobody at the desk to welcome you and get you to a room. The people in front of us said they had been standing there for 2 hours. Very poor service at the front desk. Well, we got a room after a while and guess what ? The toliet doesn't flush. We went to the guest service desk and reported it. They said someone would be there soon to fix it. Needless to say nobody came until we complained again and again. This was a day and a half later. Now the toliet won't stop running. Oh well, guess we will live with that. Food was poor, rooms musty, spray for bugs while you are eating at an outside restaurant. I could go on but, I think you get the message. We would never go back.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would we go back? We just returned from Natura Park Saturday p.m. March 8th. We travelled through 'TNT' (Boston) with no hitches, our travel documents, flight and transfers were all o.k., no problems. We actually stayed at the Hampton Inn the night before our departure, so we would have a place to leave our car for a week, $90 room  park for a week, what a deal. Our flight left early so we arrived early in Punta Cana @ 10:00 a.m. We breezed through customs, the bus ride to Natura Park was 20 minutes, and we were on the beach by 11:10 a.m. Since we had bathing suits on underneath our jeans etc., we wouldn't have to change there. We checked in to our room early, at 2:00 p.m. I found the front desk staff very cordial and went way out of their way to get us rooms early. I had e-mailed the resort a room request prior to departure and recieved no reply, so I was curious to find out what our room would turn out like. (After not recieving a reply, I emailed their headquarters and recieved no reply from them either...) I will say that they put us in a ground level floor room at first, that smelled really musty-mildewy and the air conditioner did not work. We changed rooms to a 3rd level room where everything worked, but was still a bit musty/cigarette smelly. I had requested a non-smoking room, but didn't get one. I did see that they have a wing of non-smoking rooms 'Patio 4?' They call the clusters of rooms 'Patios'. We tipped our maid $2 everyday. The fridge is packed with sodas, beer and other odds  ends. We cleared out what we didn't want and asked Manuela to just give us extra water and 'Presidente' beer which was free. Our room was spotless every day, and usually cleaned by 3 p.m. We found the staff very friendly and most could get by with speaking English, with exception of the waitstaff/servers and 'Maids'. Get to know the bartenders. We kicked them a few bucks and we never had an empty glass. They do appreciate this will get to know you quickly. I never saw any Europeans tip once. od was interesting. Me being a Chef, I had no problems with the food, although after a week I was bored with it. My Fiance is not big on tons of protien, so she was tired of the food after a few days. The buffet was a protien feast, with lots of beans, rice, pork, beef, mystery fish and chicken. The food was repetative in the way that there was usually the same meats everyday, they just changed the sauces or style. Thursday is Local night and was one of our best meals. In general, the vegetables were the typical carrot-greenbean 'ho-hum' either overcooked or undercooked. They usually had an interesting 'Yucca' dish to throw-off your mouth. Breads, fruits and desserts were pretty decent. Great Ice cream. Breakfast was the best meal I think, you can get eggs any way you want etc., but they cook bacon 'in clumps' and the link sausage was a tad wierd. A person was cutting fresh fruit every morning, the coffee was good. Breakfast, lunch and dinner there always seemed to be tons of sliced deli-meats and cheeses. I found the cheeses bland (most dairy products there are bland also), and they always had 3 different types of thin-sliced ham?, 'olive loaf' etc. The potatoes were different, usually mixed with protiens or wierd sauces. The juices really lacked! Not fresh, most too sweet and obviously from concentrate. It was nice to see self-serve coffee(and 'espresso'), soda and juice stations at the beach and buffet. They put a bottle each of white-rum, dark-rum and 'whisky' out at the beach serve-yourself staion to make your own rum  cokes etc, which was a nice touch. The meat 'specialty' restaurant Media Luna was the best; our friends had the steak or Churrasco that was reportedly very good and tender. I had the 'Tournedos', which were good, tasty and tender; the pork chops and Brochette got the big yawn. The seafood 'specialty' restaurant was a huge dissappointment! No fresh fish, we both had shrimp. She ordered the 'grilled shrimp and vegetables' dish, which came buttery and hadappropriate for the dress-code, but the dishes both tasted good. We didn't want to bargain on the Dorado or their local fish, as we had seen it on the buffet all week. The salmon our friends said was white!? and bland. My appetizer was Coquilles St. Jacques, you know the scallop-shell stuffed with scallops in a creamy sauce, usually topped with a breading or cheese and browned under a broiler? What they served me was more like seafood-flavored bread stuffing, VERY DRY, stuffed in a scallop shell topped with melted cheese and not one scallop... did I say dry?We didn't hear anything regarding the Italian restaurant. Many people were going down to Sunscape for food, which was reportedly much better. The Chef Executivo seemed to be walking around alot or standing in the beach bar area, maybe he should have been spending more time showing his staff how to cook or cooking himself? The beach was good with soft sand and lots of palm-coconut trees for shade, a bit crowded, but good. Get there early to get a beach umbrella or Palapa at least by 7:15 a.m., there were usually plenty of lounges available otherwise throughout the day. I was not fond of the seaweed in the water. Natura Park seems to get more than its share of seaweed. They have a crew that cleans it off the beach every a.m. though. Bring plenty of sunscreen. We 'pre-tanned' a few days prior to our trip which helped out emensely, so by Tuesday and Wednesday we were using SPF #4 mostly, with a few exceptions. We were only accosted by the time-share people once, Royal Holidays their company is named, we just walked away and usually said nothing or no-thanks. The ocean was warmer than the pool! There were no vendors on the beach bothering you, like in Antigua etc. Lot's of topless sunbathers and thong wearers, which made for an interesting day most of them were an eye-sore. The only day the resort ran out of towels was Sat. our first day there, as it seems tor the locals or islanders. We went on the Bavaro Runners day-trip, it was worth it and a great day out. You do get 'lassoed' into buying a few hokie things though, but all in all it was fun and worth it. Our guide Matthew was very fun and informative. A few loud and party-minded Canadians made for a long day. They were in a hurry to get back to their hotel for more rum  cokes', and offended our guide unknowingly several times. Tip the guide will Ya? After all the crap he puts up with all day!We didn't buy many souveniers as we didn't trust the flea-market people much. We read about 'fake amber' and cigars etc., so we were a bit cautious. Definately check around on prices first before you buy, you'll probably find a better deal later in the week somewhere else. I got bitten by mosquitos for a few days, but finally resorted to using our Deet spray, (Yuk), then all was o.k. Natura Park was a great place. Not quite 4* by my book, but nice. Flamingos, Egrits?(or Herons) and Geese meandering around and very nice-well kept grounds made for an enjoyable week for us. The populous was comprised of mostly Germans, Spanish, Canadians some Chileans and then Americans. We are not typically ones to usually go to the same place every year, so we probably wouldn't go back UNLESS they changed-up the food and quality OR if it was a lot cheaper than what we paid for our this last trip there. Hope this helps...  
<Date>Mar 10, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Make English a lanuage in Punta Cana The shows seemed good if you could understand the. Everything was done in a diffrent language. Never ENGLISH  
<Date>Mar 9, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The nitty gritty on Natura Where do I start, we arrived at the hotel and were the last ones out of a large group to get our hotel room. I did not have high expectations and it was a good thing. The rooms smelled very musty and did not appear very clean, no where near a 4* (apparently upgraded to a 5* not sure how). We changed rooms three times before I was somewhat happy....the second room, the hairdryer was broken the shower and toilet leaked and it was near the disco so it very loud til 1 a.m. The third room was ok and at least quiet and everything worked (the toilet, hairdryer, shower ). The nightly entertainement was a joke. We tried to watch three times and had to leave twice, one night was decent (maybe becasue it was Independence Day in D.R) The food is par and that's it we had two good meals for dinner out seven (the steak house is the best) On a positive note, the spa was really good I had an aloe vera body wrap and my partner had a massage...very good. The beaches and the view were breathtaking and we had great weather every day. If you want chairs you have to get up early (7a.m.) or forget it. I would go back to Punta Cana but not to Natura Park. The people at the front desk were very passive and ususallly ignored you even when trying to check out. The rest of the staff was very nice and friendly.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Pit   showReview(859835, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dump Leaking toilet all week long, their idea of fixing a toilet is using a mop. Always short on towels for the room and for the beach. 5 days out of 7 there were no beach towels. They only speak english when they need to. Food was horrid, the place is beautiful but it has been run into the ground and the service.......there is no service. They even screw you on money transaction for pesos. We cashed in some money and got 20 pesos per dollar and come to find out that afternoon, the rate is 25 pesos and the flea market person said that has not changed for awhile and she goes to the bank in Higuey every day. The place is a DUMP.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>M First Trip To Dominician Republic   showReview(858258, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>knock 3 times   showReview(857152, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean, environmentally friendly   showReview(847746, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good   showReview(845897, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2003
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Expectations Met!   showReview(838047, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Grounds   showReview(824720, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 16, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Staff and grounds are fabulous   showReview(811254, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Natura Parl resort and spa   showReview(697643, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wonderful vacation   showReview(643424, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MARIANA082
<Content>la naturalez es lo mas destacado de este resort   showReview(23403848, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2009
<Rating>3	5	3	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚ner Urlaub!!!   showReview(23335966, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>carolemichel
<Content>super site naturel   showReview(23254959, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>juloyann69
<Content>Des vacances de r锚ve   showReview(23049625, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Guimo
<Content>Tr猫s satisfaits !   showReview(22874187, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>tos78300
<Content>Vancances Paradis       Plage de l'hotel  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Hotel....   showReview(22961890, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Francois-de-Paris
<Content>Hotel tres sympas et s茅curis茅 pour se reposer sous le soleil.       la piscine  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚ne Anlage-gutes Personal-Vorsession   showReview(22957193, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Barquito
<Content>Sol, playa, "vitamina" (rhum) y amor   showReview(22195477, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>CristalRoederer
<Content>Ne m茅rite pas ses 5 茅toiles...   showReview(22109911, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	2	4	4	5	2	

<Author>nataliaZaragoza
<Content>Genial, fantastico, espectacular   showReview(22005366, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	3	5	5	5	

<Author>Lili13
<Content>la t锚te pleine d'images magnifiques   showReview(21932049, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kattsu
<Content>Site merveilleux, mer       Algues dans la mer  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	5	4	3	3	

<Author>minifee09
<Content>Allez ailleurs sauf si vous 锚tes cass茅s!   showReview(21821595, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	4	1	3	2	

<Author>CVD485
<Content>Excellent rapport qualit茅-prix       Plage  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Ivett
<Content>Fabuloso Hotel Natura Park       Restaurant  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>pommme
<Content>La vrai nature       poissons  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wie die Preis so die Ware   showReview(22957930, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nenettefamily
<Content>top vacances   showReview(20852576, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tmarcell
<Content>Fatal trato para los dominicanos   showReview(20602722, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	5	1	3	

<Author>finas
<Content>si quereis disfrutar de las vacaciones no elijais este hotel   showReview(20344031, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>MAFRADIS
<Content>驴El paraiso?   showReview(20115985, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	2	3	1	2	

<Author>Kodanschubse
<Content>Sehr sch枚ner Naturpark       Ein Blick auf ein Restaurant der Anlage  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	3	4	3	

<Author>vacancesausoleil
<Content>superbes vacances! a refaire!!!   showReview(20002738, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Elepop
<Content>Que no cunda el panico   showReview(19869772, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>charli6200
<Content>DECEPCION TOTAL!   showReview(19835758, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	3	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>puntacaneraMadrid
<Content>SI VAIS A IR LEER ESTE   showReview(19831827, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>vanessagiramondo
<Content>splendida vacanza       bar e piscina  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>JuanmanuelMadrid
<Content>Pros y Contras   showReview(19333664, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>aliena10
<Content>Aceptable       detalle habitacion  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Natur Pur   showReview(22948928, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Urlaub mit kleinen Abstrichen   showReview(22946383, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Karibik 2008   showReview(22944049, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BondGirl069
<Content>Y'en a qui chialent vraiment pour rien!!!       La plage  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>ik1973
<Content>Preciosos jardines y un personal correct铆simo       La piscina con un bar-restaurante al fondo  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	4	2	

<Author>chusdanae
<Content>hice realidad mi sue帽o   showReview(17887818, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>LindaSalzburg
<Content>Der Natura Park war genial   showReview(17293170, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>mariolino1974
<Content>Servizio scadente hotel passabile       natura park  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>1	2	4	3	3	1	1	1	

<Author>SALEMBURGOS
<Content>No est谩 mal   showReview(16812749, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	4	3	

<Author>satine_jess
<Content>Muy recomendable       Comiendo en el restaurante de la piscina al mediodia  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>sonbcn
<Content>Volver茅   showReview(16572426, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>maveChile
<Content>De acuerdo con no creer todo lo que dicen   showReview(16034145, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ClaudiaQc
<Content>Des vacances reposantes   showReview(15384468, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>miriam042
<Content>Quiero volver!!   showReview(15272769, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Louloudelphi
<Content>D茅莽ue !!!   showReview(15111618, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kamay74
<Content>Endroit paradisiaque. Services qui laissent 脿 d茅sirer.   showReview(14981968, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	2	2	2	2	1	

<Author>Bellechassoise
<Content>Tr猫s belles vacances   showReview(14809062, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>vyviann
<Content>super belle place !   showReview(14642952, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>bilodeau
<Content>Excellent choix !       Plusieurs pavillons comme celui-ci sont sur le site  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>asbesto
<Content>Allez ailleur   showReview(14201092, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	3	2	4	

<Author>papillon1
<Content>Un gros Z脡RO pour le Service   showReview(14043928, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	3	2	2	1	

<Author>nickyed
<Content>belle hotel   showReview(13653274, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	3	2	4	

<Author>menou69
<Content>Je m'attendais a plus...       Les complexes  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	4	2	

<Author>SIlou
<Content>D茅cor enchanteur et personnel dynamique et chaleureux !   showReview(13211821, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lafilleaquebec
<Content>tr猫s bien sauf la plage   showReview(13031029, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>ALEVZLA
<Content>No creas todo lo que escriben!!!       jardines  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Matrichia
<Content>Petite d茅ception   showReview(12084218, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	3	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>Bouboune
<Content>Un d茅cor merveilleux, id茅al pour la famille!   showReview(12047185, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>TitounettePaysBasque
<Content>Cadre exceptionnel   showReview(11113712, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>meve09
<Content>Un endroit familial   showReview(10741262, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Annrox21
<Content>Anny M y Leonardo M: Nos encant贸 el Hotel en General, lo recomendamos 100%   showReview(10643704, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Trotamundosforever
<Content>Muy acogedor   showReview(10081236, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lucero103
<Content>Fantastico   showReview(10047435, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>flacavenezuela
<Content>muy bueno sencillo pero muy bueno!   showReview(10041020, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>viajera13
<Content>Zona bonita, hotel reformado   showReview(8658156, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	4	2	1	

<Author>Marie2207
<Content>je ne le conseille pas   showReview(8614812, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	3	5	4	3	4	

<Author>tarufe
<Content>5 estrellas ni de lejos   showReview(8612402, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Papurrito
<Content>Papu en el Paraiso de Punta Cana   showReview(8449028, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mirabouille
<Content>Vacances au paradis   showReview(8371933, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>langostino
<Content>Mal Director   showReview(8248181, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>alipeque
<Content>Regular   showReview(8190862, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brosadam
<Content>Un endroit agr茅able, une semaine innoubliable!   showReview(8083835, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>ale65
<Content>ASSOLUTAMENTE NO!!!!!!   showReview(7856917, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	2	1	1	

<Author>Beauchatgris
<Content>Paradis terrestre ???   showReview(7780635, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	1	4	2	

<Author>skabe
<Content>H么tel dangereux   showReview(7753920, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>1	4	4	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>rwrewrwerw
<Content>Horrible, no recomiendo!!!!!   showReview(7628247, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	5	3	1	3	1	

<Author>Karyann
<Content>Une nature luxuriante       Int茅rieur du complexe  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>melanie27Outaouais
<Content>Tr猫s belle vacance       Int茅rieur du complexe  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>sissiVilleLorraine
<Content>merveilleux site de vacances       Int茅rieur du complexe  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rosavalladolid
<Content>Natura Park (mi peor semana en Punta Cana   showReview(7380666, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	1	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>mogette72
<Content>Tr猫s Bel hotel   showReview(7364482, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tigrisGranby
<Content>tres belle hotel   showReview(7307878, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Gia1982
<Content>Tres beau noel dans un belle hotel       Plage de punta cana natura park  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>franli
<Content>natura park un peu decu   showReview(6819602, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	3	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>Milly207
<Content>Falta de mantenimiento/servicio   showReview(6750473, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	2	3	3	2	

<Author>badlieutenant
<Content>Les yeux ferm茅s!   showReview(6477263, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>cche
<Content>la nature pr茅serv茅e ...   showReview(5981613, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>myrian
<Content>No lo recomendar铆a   showReview(5809226, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kusturica
<Content>Correcto   showReview(5776480, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>mxoc
<Content>No lo recomendaria   showReview(5522540, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	1	4	2	4	1	

