<Author>Vic_Traveller_8
<Content>Wonderful time spent at Seminyak       Breakfast area  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dunc8
<Content>OK, a bit old The hotel is a little run down and the bathrooms are fairly old.The spa, Le Spa is not worth going to.Very average hotel.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>MelbourneBaligirl
<Content>Relaxing and Easy Stay We stayed at the Sofitel Seminayak as part of a package trip to Bali in January 2008. In general the hotel was wonderful - the breakfasts were amazing with so many options you often didn't even know where to start. The only (very little!) problem was that they had exactly the same music playing at breakfast every morning. We were there for 7 mornings - and we would just laugh every time we walked into the breakfast area.The hotel seems to be very popular with europeans - and as an australian I sometimes found their manner with staff and other guests a little rude (but this obviously isn't the hotels' fault!). The staff are lovely - my travelling partner got very bad food poisening and was extremely sick for a few days. They were great at organising for us to stay extra days as she couldn't travel and providing extra water and changing bed sheets when we requested etc. Both reception and room service staff were wonderful.My only downside would be the beach! It was not at all what we were expecting. There were large amounts of rubbish and I went swimming twice only to be surrounded by floating pieces of rubbish! Yuck. I heard from the lifeguards that this is a bad problem in the wet season because the ocean currents are floating from Java to Bali and all the rubbish comes across. Aparently this is not a problem at other times of the year??Many of those rude European guests also come down to the pool lounges before breakfast put down a towel and book on the lounge to 'reserve it' and then don't reappear to until many hours later. I would often come down to the pool/beach and be unable to find a free lounge - despite many of them not actually having a person lying on them. The pool staff were always helpful and tried their best to find something for me.This is good hotel and would be GREAT for families as everything is easy and it is lovely surrounds for children to play/walk around in. I would return to this hotel if I just wanted an abosolutely relaxing break - with no hassles or worries. personally for me it was lacking a little Bali personality - but this was a much fancier hotel than I usually stay in!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Readybluedragon
<Content>Divine and so relaxing!       Our room  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>leonie33
<Content>Disappointing on many levels Staying at the Sofitel was a really strange experience. We booked 3 nights on our arrival in Bali, and after a very long and drawn-out check-in procedure were told that the hotel was overbooked (for our pre-paid stay) and that we'd be moved to another property. (The agent's explanation was that they had been having a computer malfunction for the past 4 months. I got the impression this was a common occurrence.)The property they moved us to was very nice; however, it was a couple of miles away and featured few of the amenities which we had wanted when we'd booked the Sofitel. For instance, no beach, no pool, and no hotel gym, among other things. They did, however, provide a car service to shuttle us back and forth so that we could enjoy the beach and the other amenities of the Sofitel. Still, it wasn't the same as actually being there.On our last night in Bali, we returned to the Sofitel for one night, and were actually very disappointed in the rooms there. There were a lot of instances of deferred maintenance, such as mold in the shower grout, missing faucet trim, chipped tiles, stained towels, and so forth. For a $200 a night room (in Bali, where for half that price a very decent room can be had) we were extremely disappointed. Considering the hotel is less than 4 years old, I wonder how bad it will be in another year or two.In addition, the hotel gym was sad (and hot inside) and the pool, when it wasn't closed for cleaning, was murky.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	2	5	-1	

<Author>zachuk
<Content>Nice Hotel, shame about the little things A nice Hotel, but the holiday was spoiled by the Hotel messing up the booking and then being dishonest about it.Not what you expect from an Accor Hotel. (if you are interested the full saga is at the end)Swimming Pool was good, however there were not enough loungers. The pool itself was a strange green colour, with algae growing around the sides! Funny taste to the water.Rooms, although very tastefully decorated were lacking in some basics; blinds that did not close properly, poor air-conditioning, lack of hot water in the evening, not what you expect from a four star hotel. Very noisy kids on the adjoining balcony, which isn't the hotels fault but the sound proofing was very poor.I would give this place 3 stars.Booking Saga......Booked the Hotel via the Accor Website in March 2008 giving them my credit card, as is usual with AccorReceived an e-mail from the Sofitel in Bali a week before we were due to travel asking for my credit card details.Replied, saying I have already booked and I'm not prepared to send them again via e-mail. They said the room would be cancelled unless I sent the Credit Card details.Spoke to Accor in the UK, who thought this very unusual and advised me NOT to send them the details, they confirmed my booking with Accor was already made and guaranteed. I advised the Hotel this, and suddenly they changed tack, now they said they were over booked and the first two nights were to be spent in a 'Luxury villa'. I protested and queried why I was not told earlier, no reply. Reluctantly agreed.Met at Airport and driven to villa, very nice, but; 5kms from the beach, stinking hot and in the middle of no where. They then said we would have to spend 4 nights there.Protested and showed the staff the correspondence that said only two nights. Balinese smiles all round but difficult to get a straight answer.After 30minutes staying at the Villa the heat had gotten too much and got a taxis to the Sofitel Hotel to complain.At the very least we wanted a beach front hotel for two nights, Eventually reached a compromise. They booked us at the Hotel Padma which is on the beach about 1km to the south.It had good rooms/location/pool, all in all a better hotel and cheaper rates than the Sofitel.After all this hastle, not a word from Accor Customers services, just a free sports massage from the hotel worth a few pounds!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	1	4	2	

<Author>Chook00
<Content>Loved the Sofitel       Beach front pool  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>teenCollie
<Content>lovely sofitel Just returned from a weeks stay at the sofitel with 2 other couples. it was my husbands first time to bali so thought i'd take him somewhere nice and a bit quieter than staying in kuta. hotel was lovely and the staff very friendly and helpful. would definitly stay there for a more peaceful holiday.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Trickskier
<Content>Relaxing Beach Stay This hotel is located in Seminyak, which is north of Kuta. This is a good thing. The beach is less crowded with less hawkers. There is still plenty of sand to squeeze between your toes.The hotel itself has a good location. Many bars, restaurants, and shops are within walking distance. Many more are within a short cab ride (less than $3). It is also close enough to walk down the beach to the beach front cafes in Legin. It is also secluded enough that once you are at the resort, you don't here or think about all of the craziness that happens on the streets of Bali.We stayed in two different rooms during our week long stay. The rooms are large, comfortable bed and a nice balcony. Really the only downfall to the rooms are the bathrooms. The fixtures and finishing touches just don't measure up to the rest of the property. This isn't a deal breaker, it is just something to note. The Sofitel needs to throw some dollars at their bathroom.The rest of the hotel is quite nice. The staff is very friendly and helpful. There are two pools one of which has a very nice beach view. There are two restaurants and one bar that serves food. The poolside bar has excellent food and great sunset views.The hotel never felt crowded. You didn't have to fight for a chair at the pool during the day, but the place didn't feel empty either.There is no wireless internet access in the rooms but it is available in the lobby. There are two computers available for guests. All internet access costs $, but it is very reasonable.Bottled water is complimentary in the rooms.Overall, I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>Tokyo Shirokuma
<Content>Beware of telephone communications! Called the hotel reservations DIRECTLY to ask them if they had a day use pool package (not expecting they would, actually) and the person on the other end said, yes quickly and confidently, just as quickly as she quoted the fee of 50,000 Rp for each person. Great, I thought. I also asked what their rates were for 9/7 and 8 and the agent quoted $135 per night. Too good to be true, perhaps, but I knew that the hotel isn't full or terribly popular, despite it's location. My partner and I made our plan for the next day so we could see their rooms and use their pool, with every intention of staying two nights if it all checked out. The guest relations officer said there was no such rate, said she called two higher ups and they refused us entry to the pool. We were so soured that we decided not to stay there at all. After ruining our plans for the day, which included a taxi from Kuta, we were both angry and soured. It may be a decent hotel, but this sort of communication breakdown and snobby, surly attitude from the haughty guest relations officer was a real turn off and I think you should consider this before booking here!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>picturesque08
<Content>Beautiful Sofitel We normally prefer to stay in smaller boutique hotels, but wasn't convinced with the standard that you'd get in Bali with so called 'boutique' hotel (and have read some bad reviews on some of them on this site). So we decided to go with a recognised hotel name. Sofitel didn't dissapoint. It has a very beautiful ground, lush Balinese style garden. Our Deluxe Room was generous in size and clean, but a bit dark at night (could do with more lighting); the bathroom was a little old and has some damp smell, but overall it was a fine room. Breakfast was great, especially the Indonesian/Balinese food section. General services are all very good. The pool area was fantastic, you don't feel crammed and on top of each other, or try to fight for a sunbed, as the ground is quite speadout. The location is very convenient, it is very close to the main street for eating out, shopping etc.The only downfall that we experienced at the Sofitel was the sales staff who we got at 2 locations: 1 at the breakfast who was offering the spa specials and try to get a booking from you; the second was when we were chilling out by the pool in the afternoon where a sales staff was trying to get us to view the new Sofitel at Nusa Dua and its incentive for doing so. It's ok if they'd go away when you say no, but they're so persistent and would not stop talking, and asking question about your holiday. It was quite a tiring experience due to their polite persistence! It was also our first day there so we really would have appreciated being left being alone. That's the only thing that put us off. Other than that it was a great hotel to stay and we'd definitely stay there again in the future (and would handle the 'sales staff' better next time).  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	2	4	3	4	

<Author>folicle
<Content>Relaxing......... but!!!!! Extremley relaxing!!!The breakfast food was beautiful. The hotel lacked atmosphere, and the staff did not have enough knowledge about local surroundings.We found lots of lovely restaurants in seminyak for example Gado Gado Which offered amazing food and unbelieveable cocktails at a fair price.Negitives about the hotel are:- we booked in to a cooking class and the hotel staff did not even know about the class or it exisited. We had to wake up at 5am to do the class and were told to come back at 9am. We paid $70AU only to find out we could have done the class free around the pool using the exact same recipes a couple of hours later.- the staff were dumb!! We asked them a bout a shopping centre and we paid top balianise dollar to get there only to find out the shop was not openPositives about the hotel are:- The hotel's breakfast was a highlight. it was the only good thing about the place.- the grounds were beautiful  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Beanus
<Content>Fantastic My new husband and I stayed here for 2 weeks on our honeymoon.I still get warm, happy feelings about this beautiful venue a year on!The staff were so attentive and friendly, they looked after us as if we were a member of the family.We are looking to go back within the next couple of years (seeing as we live in England it's a long way to go!)Bali is a beautiful island and i suggest anyone and everyone should go check this place out.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>klo_8
<Content>my favouritte hotel ever I have stayed in this hotel several times and cannot wait to go back (in Sept 08),Having travelled to Bali many times, this place is definately my number 1 pick of hotels.The location is perfect for me and my interests. The pool area is beautiful and I like the fact that I can see my husband surf without having to lie in Seminyal grey sand (the ocean breeze also cools things off a bit). The best shopping in Bali is all close by. You can run along the beach in either direction and get a decent workout without having to run on the road, but if you prefer roadwork, the loop up to Jln Oberoi and back past La Luciola is a good, quick circuit.Breakfast buffet is to die for, you don't feel like eating again till dinner. Quality is great.Rooms are decorated in a modern, asian theme and very clean. Room staff and service are excellent. Overall, I feel the staff and their level of service are above all expectations.Getting around is easy with the fleet of hotel taxis available with no notice.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>felmingham
<Content>Divine Upgrade       Hotel Pool  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>malibuLBK
<Content>Wonderful Experience My husband and I recently stayed at the Sofitel Bali in Semanyak for our honeymoon and had a truly wonderful experience. We had booked a deluxe room , but when we arrived we were upgraded to an incredible villa. This generosity really made our honeymoon special. The villas and grounds of the villas at the hotel are gorgeous, one feels as though they are Balinese royalty. Especially when in contact with the amazing staff - from the gardeners to the private butlers, they couldn't have been more friendly and ready to help. I obviously can't say enough about the perfection of everything at the Sofitel Bali.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JamesVki
<Content>I would not stay again, too many other Great Hotels in Bali       Pool that was closed (dark brown water)  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>clmk
<Content>okay but not great Having just come back from Bali, and staying in the Sofitel having heard how wonderful it is,for years I can really only say I was disappointed on the whole, it was nice not mindblowing. wonderful as I was lead to believe.The pool was closed all but one day of our stay having gone from light brown to a very dark brown. There was the other pool but it was busy.We were told by another guest thet this has happened before We were there 4 daysThe beach up by the Sofitel is not the best part, it has a rip which can be quite viscous.The lifeguards are very attentive thoughThe rooms were adequate, although the shower was a little weak.The bed was the most comfortable i have every exprienced. My children said the same of theirs. The gym and other amenties were fine, possibly a little lacking for a family hoilday with busy children but I quess that was not having the pool to use It is a shame that such a huge hotel has been built next door, our rooms that were probably once sea view as we booked are now other hotel view.Next time I will go back to The Padma, which has a lot more atmosphere and vibrancy about it. Or the Kumala  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	2	3	4	2	4	

<Author>katrinad
<Content>Disappointing My husband and I have just returned from a six night stay in Bali. For the first three nights we stayed at the Sheraton Laguna in Nusa Dua (see separate review) but opted to have the next three nights at the Sofitel in Seminyak to be closer to shops etc. I had high hopes for the Sofitel, but I have to say I was disappointed. Perhaps we were spoilt with the Sheraton Laguna, as it was magnificent, but the Sofitel just didn鈥檛 compare in terms of facilities or service.Upon arrival we had to wait for an hour and a half for our room. There was confusion over whether we wanted twin beds or a king bed, apparently I had asked for twin beds (which I hadn鈥檛) and they needed to organise another room for us. Not too much of a problem, we just went and looked at the shops, and we had only come from Nusa Dua (half an hour away) but if I had just arrived on a long flight I would have been much more annoyed.Our room was spacious and attractively decorated in a contemporary Balinese style, with a balcony overlooking the garden area. The bathroom was large but the toilet was positioned directly in front of the shower which made getting in and out awkward. Water pressure was low and the water was not always particularly hot.Our first morning at breakfast we arrived to be told there were no tables left! We were speechless! Fortunately they found one and we managed to eat. Breakfast was typical of large resorts with all the usual foods you would expect, but I have to say it wasn鈥檛 anything special. Service was slow and many of the staff had a disinterested manner.There were two pool areas 鈥?one large beachfront pool and a smaller 鈥済arden鈥?pool. The beachfront pool tended to be very busy and the sun lounges were quite close together so it felt crowded. It also had a very ugly view of the side of the hotel next door, complete with air-conditioning units going all the way up the side of the building. A better option was the garden pool which was much more peaceful and private. The gardens were beautiful and well maintained but most of the public areas seemed a little bit tired and in need of a good clean. I thought Seminyak (having a reputation as being more 鈥渦p market鈥?than Kuta or Legian) would have a nice beach but in reality it was black sand (which looked and felt like dirt), rubbish strewn and with stray dogs roaming all over it, not to mention the local vendors who constantly tried to get you to have massages etc. We stayed off the beach and stuck to the pool.We had a massage at the spa and again, it was a disappointment. It was more like having a massage in a suburban doctor鈥檚 office complete with a view to the carpark. I鈥檝e experienced other Balinese resort spas (like the Padma in Legian or the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel) where the spa area was like a tropical paradise, with water fountains and the smell of frangiapanni, but this was nothing like it. The massage itself was very good, but there was no 鈥渨ow鈥?factor at all.The final straw was our last swim just prior to packing up and leaving. We got to the main pool to be told it was closed as it was too 鈥渄irty鈥? I couldn鈥檛 believe it. There are some excellent restaurants nearby. Gado Gado was fantastic right on the beach and great at night. We had a great Indian meal at the The Queen's Tandoor. Also, the Thai restaurant (Wild Orchid) in the resort next door was lovely.If you want to stay in this part of Bali, I think a much better option is the Bali Padma which we stayed at in 2007. It is only a short distance away and probably a similar price, but substantially better in terms of facilities and service. For us, however, we will stick to Nusa Dua and just day trip to Kuta for shopping.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	2	3	3	3	

<Author>FvdH
<Content>Disappointing, place needs major renovation to meet Sofitel standard       villa bedroom  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>evilfairy7000
<Content>14 nights in paradise My Boyfriend and I stayed at the hotel for 14 nights at the beginning of June. For our first ever overseas trip it couldn't have been better. Yes for Bali it is expensive however in the scheme of things the price we paid for a room in what is a five star hotel was completely worth it. The huge grounds felt like a whole world away from the busy street that lay beyond the hotel gatesThe Sofitel is absolutely stunning and you can't help but feel as if you are in paradise as you stroll through the lush hotel grounds. The staff are friendly and very accommodating. They always greet you with a huge smile.Whilst I do agree that the drinks were quite expensive the service level and quality far out weigh the cost.We stayed in the superior room and whilst this was the most basic of the rooms it was spacious and had a quaint balcony which overlooked the stunning gardens. sitting out on the balcony with an ice cold drink was nothing short of bliss.On the very last night we took a tour of the the 2 bedroom villa and were absolutely speedless. The villa is beautifully appointed and spacious and has its on pool and jacuzzi and what can I say my boyfriend I were completely sold by it and will be returning for a stay in one.The breakfast was incredible the only thing i can fault is that it was always so hard to chose what you wanted as there was so much to choose from. Favourite hotel by far. Will be back. : )  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>agentshell
<Content>Great hotel We stayed at the Sofitel for 5 nights and had a great stay. We were in a Deluxe Garden room, which was large and had a small balcony over looking the pond. Bed was super comfy.Pool was goregous, nice and warm and facing the ocean. Only complaint would be the people that dump their magazine/thongs/clothes on the sun lounges and disappear all day... my fiance and I simply moved their things and sat down.Breakfast was a little disappointing in that the food was usually cold, but good selection of food and lovely outdoor sititing area.Staff were all friendly and always said hello.Would def come back.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>jollyjackee
<Content>fabulous sofitel My husband and I both in our sixties and taking our first overseas trip were recommended this hotel by our travel agent and what a gem it is. The staff are the friendliest we have ever encountered even the gardeners and cleaners were always ready with a smile.The room, we were upgraded to the superiour deluxe, was fantastic. When we go back I would gladly pay the extra for these rooms. As for Bali, we cant wait to return, the people are so friendly and there is so many things to see and do. We had ten days at the sofitel and although it is a little way out of Kuta, we found this an advantage and could readily go to Kuta on the courtesy bus or taxi was only two or three dollars. The pool is just beautiful,there is a garden pool and the main pool is right on the beach with lounges around the pool and facing the ocean, so relaxing.The pool bar and restaurants were great and the staff there were constantly on hand to cater to your every whim. The steakhouse restaurant was very good and the australian beef was cooked to perfection. We would definitly recommend the Sofitel Seminyak to other travellers  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>greggles51
<Content>Favourite in Bali Just returned from 2 weeks in Bali, 5 nights of which were at the Sofitel - 14 June to 18 JuneThis is a class establishment with many helpful staff and immaculate grounds and pools.Breakfats is a challenge as there are so many choices from the usual eggs to waffles, smoked salmon cheeses etc, etcWe were given a superior room but got upgraded to the deluxe room, very well presented. All staff willing to help at the drop of a pin. Welcome bowl of fruit on arrival.If there is a draw back it is the cost of meals in the restaurents which for Bali are expensive, but then again the food is fantastic and you know you are paying for 5 star quality.Pools were great and warm, deck chairs always made availble when staff remove towels from people who deposit and leave, a good idea.Would recommend Sofitel to anyone, Seminyak is an expensive part of Bali but is safe and a cheap cab ride to Legain or Kuta or Oberoi St for eating.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bangor5
<Content>Loved it!! We have just come back from Bali after staying for 9 nights at at the Sofitel in Seminyak. We are a family of five with children aging from 17 to 9. We had booked interconnecting rooms however on our arrival we were upgraded to a stunning villa facing the beach. All the staff were very friendly and helpful. The grounds were exquisit, with walkways and ttropical gardens.The only disappointment was how expensive the drinks and food were in the hotel. After your bill you are then charged a 21% service fee plus government taxes. This happens, however, in all the major hotels in Bali. We found some lovely restaurants to eat at in Legian just a short walk down the beach for a quarter of the price.If you are going for the beaches beware. The sand is fine but black due to the volcanos found on the island. The beach was often closed also due to the strong undertow on the outgoing tide.Semiyak itself was much nicer than further into Kuta. The beach was cleaner and quieter. The shops were great especially if you want to stay away from the markets. They are just a shuttle bus away in Kuta.I would recommend anyone to stay as our overall experience was a very relaxing and memorable holiday.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>bebelita
<Content>Amazing and surprising I have returned from Bali a few weeks ago and I still get carried away when I think about my stay at Sofitel on the beautiful Seminyak strip! I recommend this to anyone who plans to spend a few relaxed days in a stunning surrounding. The staff takes very good care of you and reads wishes from your eyes.When my husband and me wanted to change room to have see view, it was no problem as the operating manager, mr robin deb made everything possible and reacted very professionally and very very frendly. thanks to him and his staff,we will definitely return in winter!  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MelRC
<Content>Great great great       From the beach  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Shazeroni
<Content>Good Hotel       Lobby  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>AmericaninJkta29
<Content>Poor Service, Won't Come Back As an American living in Jakarta, I've been to many Bali hotesl - Uma Ubud, Melia, Villa Lumbung, Oberoi, and Tamukami Hotel. In all, I've been impressed by the excellent customer service, though these hotels have been across price ranges, the rooms quality varied with price.Though Sofitel is arguably the cheapest of the expensive hotels in Seminyak, I won't be staying here again. Check in is at 2, and when I arrived at 4, I was kept waiting for half an hour, then told my room would not be ready until 8 pm. I asked why, and was told people wanted a late check out. Then after much back and forth, they insisted there were no rooms until 8 pm. I said I was going to move to another hotel, they suddenly found another room, which was a lower price range than the one I had booked. I admit, the hotel ground are nice (though the rooms in particular bathrooms are nowhere near as nice as other nice Bali hotels and quite old), but I will not come back. Also, during check in, breakfast, and while lying by the beach, we were repeatedly approached by Sofitel staff trying to sell us a massage, cooking class, special event dinner. This has not happened at any other bali hotel, and after the initial issues we had, I found it very tacky.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>ze_succubus
<Content>Sofitel Anytime       garden pool  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>laurainhamilton
<Content>Perfect Hotel!!       waterlilies  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Andy196
<Content>Stunning Sofitel       View from our Balcony  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	3	5	3	

<Author>measha
<Content>cant wait to go back Sofitel Seminyak is just brilliant. it was everything i expected. i had a delux room and this was great, large in size, clean, made up twice a day with fresh flowers, water and even a weather forecast. The breakfast and pool were just amazing, staff were friendly and location perfect. We used the free shuttle to Kuta many times and once hired the hotel driver for half a day and found this excellent. For just over AU$1the blue taxi's just out the hotel can take you to Ji Oberoi Rd where there are lots of great restaurants, or you can walk there in 20-30mins.. overall, reccommend for families, couples and anyone just wanting a relaxing and enjoyable holiday.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>balihai08
<Content>Tranquil with beautiful grounds but in need of renovation .. We stayed here at the end of March 2008 for 5 nights. Our room was comfortable although the bathroom was outdated and in need of renovation. The bath/shower set up could easily prove problematic for many. The hotel is set in beautiful grounds and we noticed much care being taken with the gardens. There is easy access to the beach  both pools are great. Staff at the towel station were polite  friendly. Our breakfast was included so we helped ourselves at the buffet. The setting for brekkie is beautiful as you can enjoy the surrounds whilst eating. The omlette station was great. However, for a deluxe rated hotel the overall standard of the buffet could be better. The staff were very friendly but the service for coffee, tea etc needs improvement. They seemed rushed  confused at times. Internet connection in the business centre was slow for certain sites. We witnessed a couple of frustrated guests complaining as you are charged by the time used. Our stay here was relaxed  quiet which is what we sought. The tranquility comes at a cost as you are away from the hub of things  it is not as handy to shops  restaurants as hotels in Kuta. The hotel is in a great setting  the staff are friendly but considering it carries the Sofitel brand it could do with some updating/renovation  the standard could be lifted.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>JodiAustralia
<Content>Gorgeous Villas!! We stayed at the Sofitel early February for 6 nights. As it was our honeymoon we treated ourselves to a villa with private pool and were not dissopointed! From the moment we arrived we were in heaven. From its huge and extremely comfortable king size bed to the large sunken marble bath tub the villa was spacious, well appointed and thoroughly serviced every day. The villa we had (104) had an elevated pool which overlooked the ocean - magnificent! The hotel grounds were perfectly manicured by extremely courteous and friendly staff and the presence of security guards discretely placed around the hotel gave an extra sense of safety, particularly nice if you were bringing the family.The food was excellent at the hotel, yes it was expensive in Bali terms but you get what you pay for and it was still half what youd pay in Australia! The drinks were expensive however, about the same as we pay at home, so I would suggest you stock your mini bar from the local kwik mart or take a stroll down the street/beach to a bar. Breakfast was excellent.Overall I couldnt recommend this place highly enough, the villa was quite expensive but for a special occasion you couldnt go past it. Experience it for yourself - I'll be going back!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BNH752
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, Polluted Beach We recently stayed at the Sofitel in Seminyak Bali. This was our second year to Bali and decided this yr to try staying in Ubud and Seminyak as well as Tanjung Benoa and everything I read about the Sofitel Hotels sounded fantastic.We found the hotel overall was very nice and we also received an upgraded room which was very well appointed, clean and looked to be newly refurbished...very nice room.We found the staff were friendly and helpful and the food was excellent. We ate at the Husk Restaurant where the dinner was excellent and a little pricey compared to some of the restaurants down the street but deffinately worth it.The pool was nice although we felt it was small and alittle awkwardly laid out but always clean, good lounge chairs and towels and terrific service. The biggest problem we had with the hotel was that the beach was a HUGE disappointment...very dirty, garbage, plastic bags, you name it strewn all over the beach and the waves and current are so strong you cannot swim in the area. We took photos of the beach as even we could not beleive how dirty it was! This was a huge turnoff. Also it is a public beach so on Sunday hundreds of people are out on the beach playing soccer so it can be really busy.The construction next door does go on all day and just about all night and when you are at the pool you can see and hear what is going on and you will notice it a bit the first couple of days and then it becomes a bit of background noise and we did forget about it. We found the biggest problem with the construction was that they worked just about all night so when it was quiet late at night and you were in your room you could see the lights and hear a little bit of noise.On the plus side, very friendly staff, very helpful and an excellent breakfast selection...you name it they had it available  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ruthndul
<Content>Nice staff, nice garden pool. need renovation       to the pool  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Netherlands
<Content>Great hotel. Price quality Great ! We stayed here 4 nights and found it absolutely great. OK there are better hotels in Bali but this one is not so expensive as the other 5***** hotels. Great pool , friendly staff and close to the nice restaurants and Lounge bars. The rooms are big and very clean. Would stay here again !!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jetbunny
<Content>Definatly not a 5 star hotel My partner and I stayed at the Sofitel Seminyak in Feb 2008. We paid quite alot for a delux room (by bali standards anyway). The room we had was quite small and needing renovating. There was paint missing from the walls and marks everywhere. Breakfast was included in our price however some mornings we had to wait over 15 mins to get a table. On one occassion we were given a dirty table that hadnt been cleaned and the used coffee cups from the last customers sat there the entire meal. Their main restaurant Husk looked quite nice, however was over priced (but this was to be expected) What was NOT expected was the fact that the only Bali Belly either of us got on the trip was after eating at this restaurant!I have stayed at alot of sofitels before and am always very impressed by them. I had big expectations for this hotel however I was very disappointed. We had friends where were staying down the road at another hotel and were paying $100 less than us a night and their hotel was alot better. I would definatly not agree that this hotel was a 5 star.On the plus side the main pool was nice and the house keeping was very efficient. The majortiy of the staff were also very friendly. It would be a good hotel if rooms prices were on par with other bali hotels that are of the same standard however the sofitel charge alot more and certainly dont offer anything more!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	2	2	3	4	3	5	4	

<Author>jlarsonsawin
<Content>Great spot to chill       Beach view from the recliners.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>JeffStranks
<Content>Had a tremendous stay with upgrade       Pool at villa  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>SydneyGlennie
<Content>We loved the Sofitel My husband and I had a week at the Sofitel and loved every minute. Breakfast was great sitting outside overlooking the ponds and gardens with a huge range of buffet which we could not fault.Staff were friendly and nothing was too much trouble for them.Pools were beautiful. Lots of nice touches here with cold face towels supplied around the pool each day and fresh fruit on skewers. Pool staff were amazing and always around to bring us drinks and food.Restaurants at the hotel were also very good.Spa was wonderful.Rooms were very nice with huge comfortable beds.OK, maybe the rooms are a little tired but what do you expect when staying at a hotel in a very hot and humid country. Our thoughts are if you didnt like this hotel you would be very fussy.Location was great.Overall we will stay here again for alot longer next time.Oh, the resort being built next door didnt bother us one bit.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>smattox114
<Content>Absolutely loved this hotel       Sofitel Hotel Sign  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Chantiklook
<Content>Lovely villas, rooms need refurbishing to justify the price.       Main Entrance to Villa  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	3	2	

<Author>SandMAustralia
<Content>No reservations We have stayed at many Sofitel hotels around the world and are very surprised that this hotel carries a reputable brand like the Sofitel. We have stayed in this hotel previous visits to Bali  whilst it has never been a 5 star hotel, we have seen value for money. The standard of this hotel has dropped significantly and we would find this hotel barely rating a 3 star currently. Contrary to some previous reviews the new hotel complex being built adjacent to the Sofitel does affect the experience. You have a construction site working 24 hours around the clock that is visible (particularly from the pool area), noisy (from half of the hotel rooms) and the hotel management seem to be very reactive to the situation. They closed the pool bar down over the period we stayed there. We received a notification that this was due to the weather however having been a guest at this time of year many times, we have never had the pool bar closed. The breakfast area used to be lovely overlooking the pool  the ocean. Instead breakfast is in a underground room that has been unused for years. There is a musty, damp smell  one morning the ceiling had fallen in. The airconditioning does not work throughout the hotel. If its not the airconditioning, its the phone, or the shower. There is always something broken. All in all, the sofitel has a great location  could be a fabulous hotel. However, a complete renovation with costs not spared is desperately needed....followed by regular maintenance.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	4	2	2	1	

<Author>critcger
<Content>Staff makes the Sofitel a good choice We stayed at the Sofitel Seminyak 11 Nights before Christmas 2007.Overall, it is a good choice if you're looking for a place where you can retreat and relax. The hotel has a great people factor, meaning they are very consistent in their efforts and outstandingly friendly and helpful.We stayed in a deluxe room, which was really nicely decorated with Balcony. Very comfortable beds (that's Sofitel for you). Gardens and Pools as well as the Beach are very good.When the Hotel is fully booked (especially over Christams) it can get crowded down at the beach and looking for a decent chair was not always straight forward. A lot of chairs didn't have an umbrella to get some shade which I really think the hotel should ensure as the sun gets pretty strong. A lot of cushions on the chairs were ripped which gave it a not so Sofitel-like look.There are 2 Restaurants on-site, a Japanese and an international cuisine restaurant (they say). Although here the frenchy touch was too strong for me getting offered every evening Fois Gras :-(. But whatever one then ordered, the quality of cooking was very good. So, Lunch at the restaurant was ok, but too expensive when you think of the price level in Bali. We had dinner twice at the Restaurant, but it was empty all the time and the piano player played such melancholic and sad music all the time, which brought clarity to why the restaurant was empty. Plus the fact that for the overall offering the restaurant was expensive.For that money we ate at the KUDETA, one of the most upscale restaurants in Seminyak. I truly recommend to have dinner at local restaurants such as the Warung (restaurant) Made (ask the receptionist for directions) which is locally very popular, cheap and very tasty! The KUDETA is nice as well as the Lucciola, but the prices are at their limits. The Spa is really only OK. Next door to the Hotel you can visit the Contiki Spa and get a lot better offerings for 3 times less the money. Here I really felt ripped off. Don't change money at the Hotel. Very bad exchange rates. there are several money changers in the village, compare their rates as they change daily. Also, there are several ATM Machines just next to the Warung Made.Overall, it's a good choice and a nice hotel. One can just feel that this hotel had several other brand names before it became a Sofitel. Knowing the Sofitel well, I always find they manage to get the details right. This was lacking with the Sofitel Seminyak, still we enjoyed our stay and would recommend it to friends.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	5	3	

<Author>C-RonSanFrancisco
<Content>Beautiful grounds, nice rooms, good service Beautifully appointed room, gorgeous landscaping, and great location. We stayed in a delux room which was spacious and our lanai was right on a very serene and quiet lilly pond - quite stunning. There are two swimming pools: the garden pool is very pretty and hardly used, and the large beach-side pool makes you feel like you're swimming in the ocean without getting sandy and salty (and unlike the ocean, you don't get approached by hawkers when you leave the water, which is nice). The villas on the property are absolutely gorgeous, and even if you don't stay in one, it's still really nice to stroll down the little lane between them - the landscaping and architecture is so beautiful that it makes you feel like you're in a very picturesque little Balinese village. The beach in front of the hotel is very pretty, clean with fine sand, and there are occassional decent waves for surfing. I got a really fantastic price for our room through Bali Hot Deals, otherwise known as RD Tours; they got a price that was better than anything I could find online. They also transported us all around Bali while we were there which was great. Very friendly, really smart, they show you great locals-only finds, and they speak great English. I highly recommend them for all accomodations and transport in Bali; they are fantastic.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>charmm
<Content>Loved the Pool We loved the resort. The staff were always friendly, food always great, resort always clean, pool was fantastic. Would definitely stay here again !  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dave7394
<Content>What's wrong with Sofitel Some of my friends visited Bali from Sep 10 to 16.They booked the room from travel agent 2 months before they arrive there and had pay all the fee by credit card.But Sofitel refuse to let them check-in when they arrive the hotel.Their reason is they have no room for them and arrange them to stay in another cheaper hotel.All my friends are from Taiwan and only have Taiwan passport.The Sofitel actually has enough room but don't want them to check-in.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>happywanderer51
<Content>Loved the Hotel Loved the Hotel. Unfortunate that the new development next door has taken away some of the best rooms and has made the pool area feel crowded. Restaurants were all very nice, service good, room great. Great location.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JEAN-MANUEL
<Content>Honeymoon Beach Villa With Pool At Sofitel Bali       Villa 104  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ABMAC
<Content>Great place to stay Have just returned from 10 days at Sofitel Seminyak.This is a great place to stay, you dont even have to venture out if you are not into the shopping and bartering. We have been to Bali Before and stayed in a 5* in Kuta this was a much better option. You can still catch a taxi to kuta or legian if you want more shopping, howver all the stalls are pretty much the same where ever you go in bali. Food was outstanding as was the service, nothing was too much trouble. The pool and outside facilities were fantastic, every day just when you are getting a little hot and thinking you may need to retreat to the room for a siester a friendly person delivers to you a cold aromic white facecloth and then shortly after someone else with a fresh fruit kebab just to keep you going until dinner. It is walking distance to the great reastaurant Ku De Ta and others. the ladies in the spa were lovely alhough it does get a little cold, you just have to ask for a towel to keep warm so affordable i had something most days. The only thing that his place is missing is a cafe/bar where guests can meet casualy thoughout the day and chat with but know biggie.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EmaAustralia
<Content>We Loved the Sofitel MY partner and I are many time visitors to Bali and decided to stay at the sofitel for a different location on this visit.We had arrived in from Lombok and met with the driver a tthe airport as previosuly arranged, we were most impressed with being given a cold bottle of water and towel.Check in was swift our room was actually ready upon arrival at 12.30pm. We loved the room and i was relieved to find that the bathroom was really nice and clean and looked like there had been a recent refurbishment on it.We could not believe how big the actual hotel was.As i booked through the accor website breakfast was not include, after eating at Gado Gado one morning we decied that we would stick with that, on most occasions we were the only people having breakfast lovely and peacefull over looking the beach, We also had a lunch there and again it was delicious..We spent most morning on the lounges out near the beach, i was actually extremly surprised at how friendly the staff were overall but most of all in this area, They were so attentive moving chairs and lounges and umbrellas around and i loved that they had a sign up stopping people from leaving there things and coming back hours later! Earlier reviews indicated the consruction, this was rarely noticed and did not impact in our stay at all.The hotel actually emailed us prior to our stay and told us we would not be impacted.Overall i thought the Sofitel @ Seminyak was fantastic and can not wait to return again next year!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bruno66
<Content>Fantastic 5 *, 5*, 5*. What more can I say about this fab hotel. Our room was deluxe garden room and yes it was luxurious and yes maybe the bathroom could be updated but it was still fabulous. The staff went beyond their call of duty to ensure that your stay was the most enjoyable 5* experience ever. And as for Robin (Manager) he went even further than that to ensure our stay was the best ever. He not only made sure he escorted us around the fabulous grounds we even joined him for drinks on his night off, nothing was too much of an effort for both him or his staff to deliver a first class experience of Bali. We had pool / beach service so thats all you had to do was put your purple flag up and your whim was their command. Dinner at Capris was very special with the staff once more providing a fabulous service. We had cold flannels, nibbles and fresh fruit on sticks around the pool evey day. Who would want to leave i didnt. And i will most certainly go back as do many others that i met there as there is so much to do outside the hotel there, and as a mother travelling alone with her 17yr old daughter i felt very safe there. I cant wait to return, see you soon Soffitel.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>broggo14
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Arrived at the sofitel after our flight and could not fault the service from the welcoming drink and cool towels till we checked out 13 days later.The hotel is set in a lush garden setting on the beach with 2 great pools,Room was a superior and although the bathroom is starting to show its age the room was serviced daily to a high standard.Breakfast was a delight with a varity second to none.The staff in all areas where most helpfull and the service first class.The seminyak area was very quiet and if you needed to go to legian or kuta just take a pleasent stroll along the beach.Dont worry about the construction going on next door it was hardly noticeable and didn't impact our holiday in any way.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Poita
<Content>Great Resort Stayed at the resort for 7 nights with several friends. Beautiful, tranquil gardens that embrance the ambience of Bali. The buffet breakest is of high quality and quantity, with several chefs at your beck and call wanting to make you a great omlette when you are hungover from all of the Bingtang and cocktails from the previous night. The Bali hostesses are very helpful. . The pool is right on the beach front. You can sit back and view the surf while relaxing on a day bed or take a dip in the large pool. Fantastic location and the service is excellent.Do no hesitate to stay here, no need to look eny further just book it.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Taniquan
<Content>This is one of the most beautiful hotels in the world!! I have stayed at many 5 star hotels and this one is one of the best. It has its own grounds which is a true tropical paradise with lagoons, streams, and swimming pools in it. The hotel grounds are adjacent to the ocean so when you swim in the main pool you can see, hear, and feel the ocean surf pounding. It is that close. But the beach itself is not one for swimming or snorkeling. There is always a large surf and flags flying on the beach that say 鈥淒ANGER-STRONG CURRENTS鈥? So even thought I swim daily in the beaches of Southern California, in the month I was in Bali I was in the ocean a total of 3 minutes. There was no need to go in it with such lovely pools. Anyway, the pools were great, the grounds great. My room was great, service was outstanding, internet connection good and reasonably priced, breakfast great, poolside services and food were also great. Plus I had to make an emergency call to the US for about a half an hour and when I got the bill it was quite reasonable too. As for the hotels location, it was a mixed bag. The center of Bali for tourists is Kuta beach which is abut 6 km down the street., This hotel is located in the area of Seminyak. The walk from the hotel to the center of Seminyak is about 1 km or a 10 minute walk. There is everything you need in Seminyak such as restaurants, bars, massage shops (legitimate), shopping so you do not have to go into Kuta beach unless you want to go to Starbucks. At night Seminyak has a great nightlife which goes on all night. The only problem is the on the main street between the nightlife and the hotels is a major Lady-boy hangout. These lady boys got very aggressive late at night grabbing men passing by and looking into and knocking on car windows stopped in traffic. I cannot stand this so I only spent the night out in symmican once. The rest of the times I took a cab to Kuta beach which although tacky it was strictly heterosexual. And the cab fare is small, about $2 US. The main street between the hotel and Kuta beach is great and should be walked in its entirety at least once because it is the best shopping street with everything there and many stores to choose from. Be on the lookout for great silver stores which have outstanding silver/shell jewelry at rock bottom prices. After I came back I saw a jewelry show at Costco featuring jewelry from Bali and they were selling for $80 what cost $15 in Bali. I stayed at this hotel for about 3 weeks and did not want to leave. I had everything there. If I ever go back to Bali this is where I will stay.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Griswalds4
<Content>Thumbs up to Sofitel, Seminyak I stayed here recently with my mother, sister and two children (6  3) and we all really enjoyed it. The staff were very friendly and helpful, room service food  service was excellent. The pools are great - one especially if you have young children - there is a kids pool and the hotel also provides pool toys which is very useful. Sure there is construction next door (as you will read in other reviews) but whilst relaxing at the pool you really didn't notice it. if you are planning to stay in one of the villas, this is closer to the construction so you may want to consider a room in the hotel which is well away from the construction. We had adjoining rooms which were great, though i agree with other tripadvisors that bathrooms are tired. Apparently, this hotel was about to have a major refurb (a local (expat) interior designer informed me) when the Jimbaran Bay incident took place which put things on hold. i know it rates itself as 5 star but you're not paying real 5 star prices so i guess, what i'm saying is, you get what you pay for. Mosquitos were apparant. i guess this is due to water surrounding hotel. Just keep doors closed at dusk and use lots of repellent. Breakfast was great and varied and children will enjoy feeding bread to the resident 'dragon'. Gift shop also good - my sister, mother and I bought lots! Reasonable prices too. The location is great for local restaurants. Try Cafe Bali in Jalan Laksmana for lunch or dinner(just grab a taxi straight there). Did not enjoy Gado Gado (next to Sofitel) atmos great but food very ordinary. Go for a sunset drink instead. Ku De Ta great for a sunset drink too. Try Hu'u for the crab cakes - out of this world.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SydneyHottie
<Content>LOVED the Sofitel! We had quite possibly the best stay we have ever experienced in any hotel, world wide. The service was impeccable, the villa absolutely beauitful, the location super handy, and directly on the beach, the massage in the private day spa villa was amazing and the food in their Thai restaurant was absolutely delicious. We are already organising our return trip. Highly reccomended.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravellingCarlito
<Content>Value and quality in Seminyak We stayed here during the low season in February. There weren't too many tourists in Bali during this time, which may also explain the excellent rate we got during our stay. We arrived at the hotel and received a welcome drink upon arrival. Always a nice touch. Very professional service allowed our check-in to be a smooth process. We were then escorted to our fabulous room. This is just one example of the friendly service we had received during our entire stay.Our room was very comfortable and modern, with some touches of simple Balinese decor. We had a great view from our balcony over the garden and pool. The bathroom was also modern and very clean. The hotel has two pools, one in a more secluded garden setting and the other more open with a view of the beach. The secluded pool is good for a nice quiet scene and also provides more shade, should you suffer sunburn from too much sun. The pool in front of the beach is much larger and ideal for sunbathing. The Balinese sculptures and woodwork that adorn the gardens of the hotel make strolling around the hotel area very pleasant. The hotel itself is situated with direct access to the beach, where you can fall asleep on the deck chair as the sun sets. The heart of Seminyak is a short stroll away, which we did everyday. Some decent restaurants can be found closer to the main road. The location of the hotel right on the beach makes it easy to enjoy a morning stroll with a great backdrop. Overall, a great hotel with everything you would need for a relaxed stay.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>globeseekerpa
<Content>Beautiful grounds, great rooms, friendly service We spent nine nights at the Sofitel in February. Overall, I was impressed with the property and felt that it was an excellent value for the rate that we paid. The rooms were modern and stylish, with lots of dark wood. It was more of a European decor than an Asian style. Our balcony overlooked the garden and I especially liked that there was a regular door to the balcony rather than a sliding glass door. The service was excellent, I felt like the staff knew us by name after only a few days and we were always greeted with a friendly smile when entering and leaving the hotel.The grounds of the hotel were aesthetically pleasing and had a very inviting feel. The vegetation was lush and thoughtfully laid out. The gardens and pool area had a classical Balinese look with worn, dark stone. The pool was huge and overlooked the ocean, with teak wood decks and lots of seating. There were even loungers built into the stone below the water level so you could sit and lounge in the pool. The beach was not terribly exciting but there were lounge chairs and umbrellas set up for guest use. The sands were dark and extremely hot.... and the water was usually quite rough. One drawback of the pool area is that there is currently construction going on next to the hotel. There is a canvas wall set up so you don't have to stare at the scaffolding, but there is definitely some noise. I didn't really find it all that bothersome and I spent several hours each day poolside.I think the best part of the hotel was its location. It was an easy walk to restaurants and nightlife which meant you were not trapped at the hotel for your meals. Seminyak had plenty of activity without the hassles and noise of the southern part of Kuta. But if you wanted to partake in that madness it was only a short drive away. Because of its beachfront location the hotel is removed from all the noise and traffic, while still having plenty of local entertainment and dining options. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TokyoSurferboy
<Content>Nice Vacation Stayed at the Sofitel for 5 days in mid-May in one of the superior villas. Overall, our experience was very good and the weather was perfect. We have stayed at this resort several times - including when it was still called the Imperial and Royal Seminyak - and have never had any serious complaints. The villa - very spacious with all the amenities you need. Furnishings are a little worn-out but nothing major. The private pool - T-shaped - was lovely and large/warm enough to do some nice laps during the day and at night. The only issue we had with our villa was that it was located right next to a road/residential area and the noise from honking bikes/cars throughout the day/night kind of interrupted the otherwise serene atmosphere. The villa manager - very helpful person - offered us to switch to another villa located further away from the road. However, we thankfully declined since most of the other villas have less privacy; private-pool area can easily be seen from the upper balconies of the main hotel complex and surrounding hedges/greenery not fully grown yet. Main Pool - we like the main pool. It's conveniently located next to the beach and offers a very nice view of the ocean. Overall pool service was good and staff were very attentive. They have a good selection of reasonably priced dishes/snacks and drinks. Yes, there is a huge construction site right next to the pool area (they seem to be building an Anantara apartment building complex right next door), however, the site facing the pool area is completely covered by plastic sheets and you barely see any construction workers at all. Noise levels are moderate and mostly tuned-out by the sound of waves/wind/palm-trees. So, no real reason to postpone your stay.Breakfast - we loved the buffet style breakfast. They have a good selection of everything. One small complaint though; some of the tables we were sitting at were always missing napkins and/or spoons. That shouldn't happen.Ocean/Beach - the beach in front of the hotel is a typical Bali style beach: lots of vendors trying to sell you stuff. Can be annoying but a polite 'no thank you' usually works. It's not really a swimming-beach since currents can be quite strong. However, If you like surfing, you can easily walk down towards the 'double-six' area (400m), rent a board there, and catch some nice waves. One caveat though: compared to several years ago, pollution has become a real problem in this area. For most of the days we were there, some 'blankets' of foamy, yellow/dark brown, foul-smelling seawater were visible right in front of the hotel and even more though around the 'double-six' area. Overall, we had a perfect couple of days in Bali and can only recommend the Sofitel.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>marjoriepeg
<Content>Loved the Sofitel at Seminyak, Bali.       view from room  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>seoulsister
<Content>Sofitel is a Great Stay sofitel seminyak bali - what an amazing place to land after our arrival (bali ispossibly the most fragrant place on earth). the grounds are beautiful, naturallylandscaped and atmosphere is relaxing. rooms are newly renovated, clean andspacious, bed is humungous (two singles adjoined, so there's a split in themiddle which might bother you, it was fine for us) and very firm, so verycomfortable, with good down pillows. bathroom was also all marble, spic n spanclean, with separate shower and bathtub (useful when you want to rinse off sandwhile drawing your bath, and when there's two of you). buffet spread is alsogenerous and of high quality -- you'll be stuffed into the afternoon. staff iskind, we met our driver there, who we hired for a half day (at 400,000 rupiah)through the hotel, to dreamlands (for pro surfers only), padang padang, anduluwatu to watch the kecak monkey dance from 6-7pm at sunset. and then hiredindependently for subsequent day tour (also 400,000 rupiah -- hire himindependently!), to the mtns, volcanos, natural hot springs, etc. -- he knowsall the sites as he's been driving full-time for 6 year -- the trip up to ubud(he's a celuk native so can stay overnight with his family), back down to southbali a couple days later, and then to the airport. he's a good driver, safe,insured, nice and polite manner but not ingratiating and overly talkative, letsyou have your privacy and personal space (his name is brodin, may be contactedthrough sofitel hotel). re. the sofitel, the location is excellent, thoughyou'll need taxi rides to even other parts of seminyak to dine (though gado gadois right next door, and highly recommended for both food and ocean views) --seminyak/legian/kuta is way more spread out than we thought. we booked our room for $125/nite incl. tax and breakfast for deluxe withpartial ocean view. the black/grey sand beach is a wide swath, the colour didn'tbother us so much, though kuta's white/beige is obviously nicer. woulddefinitely stay at sofitel again and would recommend to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>guragu
<Content>The latest on the Sofitel Stayed here three nights in late May. Was very wary of the reviews before staying. Got an excellent deal at asiarooms.com. Here's the latest:Rooms are fine except for the the bathrooms, which could use an overall update that is more thorough than the finish-only updates that have occured (i.e., infrastructure). Service was good, including the reception. Contrary to reports below, there is bar service at the pool, and the standard offerings of complementary fruit kebabs in the afternoon. It seemed multiple restaurants were open, but with the great diversity of restaurants in Eat Street (nearby) and along the beach, why anyone would stick only to the hotel I don't know. One would pick a Seminyak hotel for its proximity to restaurants and nightlife. If you want an isolated experience, go to Nusa Dua or Jimbaran.Construction continues on both sides of the complex. The smaller construction is just a small villa-sized building. The condos being built next door are the larger project. It is definitely noisy, but not ear splittingly bad. Most of the heavy construction seems to be completed , thus really noisy items like piledriving, heavy machinery, etc, seem to be completed now that the framing is essentially complete. Facility seems to lack a fitness center, which is expected in a place claiming to be a five star. They also have an odd taxi arrangement, where its far easier to walk to the front gate and get a cab from the BlueBird (best metered taxis -- the pariahs of the old system of negotiated/rip-offs on the island). Also, the internet access is lacking, which is very strange for a modern hotel. Pluses include an excellent breakfast, beautiful grounds, a good location, nice access to the beach (especially if you walk on down towards KuDeTa), and a good value compared to the more expensive (but likely nicer) Oberoi and Legian.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>pollydoodle
<Content>beware construction noisy ++++ AVOID Got a good deal from Perth of 6 nights for 1.200 aus. with breakfast.Rooms Ok but a little tired. Grounds lovely. Staff great. Probably = to a 3 - 4 star hotel. Definately not 5. Some resturants in hotel closed. Big problem however was the huge construction site next to the hotel. Very, very noisy and it overlooks the pool area, not very nice beeing leered at by workmen. We moved to the Padma after 2 nights at our own cost. Much better. Avoid the sofitel at the moment  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	3	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>noremac
<Content>Sofitel nightmare Stayed for 10 nights at Sofitel, this was our return to Bali after 3 years absence.we were so disappointed, major building construction going on next door, very noisy hammering etc. up until 10.0pm every evening, large majority of hotels facilities we not avilable. one food and bar outlet for entire resort. I would imagine construction could continue for at least another 6 months. Staff very friendly but in lots of cases not properly trained. Beware of the money changer his exchange rate is criminal!!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	3	4	3	5	3	

<Author>Heronlake
<Content>More like a Novatel As long-time visitors to Bali, we have always stayed in the Jimbaran Bay area, but this time decided to try beachside life closer to the shops and restaurants of the Seminyak/Legian area. Of all the 5 Star hotels in the area, The Sofitel offered the best rates in a superb location.This hotel, we later realised, is the old Imperial Hotel (of Tokyo fame) and was quite dated and in need of a facelift when taken over by Sofitel - and it still is. The Lobby is newly redesigned, of course. The rooms however have been redecorated superficially, and the old bathroom fittings remain (complete with those squirty toilet seats the Japanese used to love so much in the Eighties), the old parquet flooring remains, as does the dark built-in furniture.Earlier reviews have mentioned problems with checking in, and for us it was deja vu all over again. Despite planning our arrival from Ubud for 3pm, we were advised we had been upgraded to a suite for one night only, then you must move to a single room, and that the suite was not yet available, and could we please wait for 1 hour? We did not wish to appear ungracious about the 1 night upgrade (although I would rather have declined than move twice) so took that opportunity to forego the upgrade for a room immediately. Not available. When I showed signs of exasperation, however, a room miraculously appeared.In the end, we were upgraded to a suite, and for the duration of our stay. Personally, I preferred the earlier room. It was bigger and better appointed than the bedroom of the suite, and the living room of the suite was more like a corner corridor. Had I paid for a suite in a 5* rated hotel, I would have been most upset.Elsewhere, the shabby lifts, poor lighting and ordinary facilities underlined the need for major renovation.On the good side, the grounds and pool areas are beautiful - especially the Garden Pool, a little gem tucked away and consequently quieter and serene. Sadly, a whopping great Condominium complex is being constructed right beside and overlooking the main pool, with the swimming and sunbathing guests providing the main source of entertainment for the hordes of building site workers.The beach is right there, of course, and is fine. Black sand here, but still a pretty sight, especially at sunset.The location certainly lived up to our expectations. It is a 10 minute walk up to the main shopping street, and lots of restaurants nearby, including Gado-Gado next door, which is a must for a sunset dinner.The Accor Group, to which Sofitel belongs, grades its hotels by name - Sofitel, then Novatel and on down through Mercure and Ibis, etc. This hotel is branded a Sofitel, but is most definitely not a 5* hotel, in the same league as other Sofitels worldwide. At best it is 4*  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>AussieBecs
<Content>Upgrade to the villas - trust me The Sofitel Seminyak is located at the end of a great restaurant strip in Seminyak. The hotel has direct access to the beach - unlike some Legian and Kuta hotels which have a road between the hotel and beach.The hotel grounds are massive with divine private villas, the typical hotel room spread, lovely gardens and ponds. There are two pools - one big one that overlooks the beach, and a smaller private one in the gardens. There are heaps of sun lounges, with waiters coming around periodically to provide drinks, cool towels and fruit kebabs - yum!I stayed in a 'Superior' room and wish I had spent the money for a villa. The room itself was huge - the biggest hotel room I've been in, and it had nice views, but doesn't compare to a villa. The room had a mini-bar, safe, big TV, balcony and outdoor setting. The king size bed was sensational. The bathroom was marble, but the paint a little chipped and made the bathroom look a bit tired.Unusually, the bathroom only had one towel (king size) per person - not the usual two towels. Also, no face washers. But, good amenities (hair brush, toothbrushes, bubble bath, shampoo  conditioner, lotion).Breakfast was average. Sure - lots of fruit and asian dishes. but I've travelled quite a bit to lots of 5 star hotels and am used to having direct access to the chef and watching them cook a hot breakfast. Eventually, I just had fruit salad every breakfast.Seminyak is the BEST location for restaurants - they are really outstanding here. I recommend 'Bennys Bistro', just up the road. Not glamorous, but great food at good prices. And eating outside is nice. Also recommend 'Studio 5'. This is a sensational place - 5 star quality food at rediculous prices. I had a four course meal for what turned out to be AUD$8!!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tallscottishperson
<Content>Loved the Sofitel We stayed here in August, peak season and had a wonderful time. Initially booked 4 nights stayed another 3 and came back for our last night after a tript o Ubud for a few days. Checkin was welcoming, room was fine....a bit dark but not spending much time here anyway. Staff were friendly and very welcoming and requests for ice/extra towels etc were always speedy. Loved the pool, had a problem with the sunbeds being reserved early in the morning (not just the best ones!) and at 10am there were 42 saved beds with towels and no people and nowhere to sit. This was dealt with by pool staff and later by Leisure manager who was apologetic!Can't agree with the comments re the buffet. Maybe the buffet is different during peak summer months but I have never had a better buffet. There was a huge range of fresh fruits, dried fruits, crystalised fruit, poached fruit, muesli, cereals, seeds, nuts, homemade yoghurt. Then there were freshly baked breads, the best croissants I have had outside France, pastries, cake, cheeses, cold meats, lots of Asian hot food and Yes you only got one freshly squeezed juice included but there was endless 'non freshly squeezed' on the buffet. The coffee was excellent, freshly made espresso coffee, unlike a lot of breakfast buffets where you get lukewarm filter coffee. The separate cooked breakfast a-la-carte menu meant you could have eggs, french toast, bacon etc freshly cooked to order insted of the usual overcooked buffet style. If this buffet changes off season, I will find out as we are returning in May!All in all, I would highly recommend the Sofitel as a great international style hotel, not particularly Balinese in style but beautiful gardens and great relaxing pool.The restaurants were relatively expensive compared to local eateries but great food especially in the Thai restaurant.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travel_man_hk
<Content>good hotel if all you want is the swimming pool and smily face and mosquitoes i have read many of the reviews on trip advisor and finally selected this hotel as my holiday destination for me and my wife. we did expect a lot as this was high regarded and it is an international chain hotel. but it was a let down.check-in: very smooth, friendly staff. we were presented flowers and drinks upon arrival.room conditions: looks ok from the first glance. but many amenties look old and not well maintained, especially in the bathroom. as many users commented, aircoditioning is anoher problem, too. there are a lot of mosquitoes in the room. we got biten all over the body. when was notified the front desk, all they did were to upgrade us to suite without any additional services or amenties. but the problems still persisted for so many nights.so, when you do stay here, do carry some sort of insect repellants if you want to have a good night sleep here.guest services:ZERO knowledge in local tour information. non existent of concierge. they have no brochures or any tour information in the hote. whenever we asked hote for recommendation for shops or restaurants, they were just unclear as us. so plan your trip earlier. don['t rely on the,breakfast:beautifl setting. but selections are few and not so tasty. there is a separate menu for you to order eggs or french toast, plus only one glass of fresh jucies. all this costs USD20.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NrvN
<Content>Garden swimming pool is terrific! Me and my girlfriend stayed here for 5 days around new year. The hotel is great. The beach is really dirty (OK we are somewhat spoiled spending most of our beach time in the South of Brasil), but the swimming pool and garden in front of the beach make up fully for this deficit. BUT the nicest is the garden swimming pool which most visitors probably never even noticed. Here you can sit very relaxed in the shadow, read and enjoy the pool.The room is good, not too small with a clean bathroom.The hotel restaurants are also good and reasonably priced, and of course there are more than enough eating options in the neighbourhood.One tip: forget about the nearby located trendy club Kudeta (not part of this hotel by the way), this is such an overpriced non-experience.Overall the price/quality (we paid USD 135 per night) was excellent.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>marxusboy
<Content>Great hotel if you plan on staying in that area of Bali Was here for a 4-night stay in early January 2007. Arrived there quite early in the day (around 12 noon) and they put me up right away (temporarily) in a 鈥榟ospitality suite鈥?since my room was only to be ready around 6 PM that day. Got my room a little bit after 6 as promised. I had to get a deluxe room since all of their 鈥榮uperior rooms鈥?(the cheapest rooms) were booked. I had booked my room a few days before through passionasia.com, which allowed me to get a discount of roughly USD 40 per day (the base rate on Sofitel鈥檚 website for a deluxe room is USD 155 and I paid USD 135 per day including breakfast, for which the hotel usually charges USD 20 per day on top of the room rate).The hotel is very well located: if you just walk 5 minutes on the main road away from the beach, you鈥檒l find tons of places where you can eat or drink, as well as convenience stores and Internet cafes. I tried a few restaurants there, among others: the Indian place (called 鈥楪ateway to India鈥?鈥?quite good!), the vegetarian restaurant (Zula鈥檚 鈥?an interesting discovery) and Made鈥檚 Warung (a good 20-minute walk from the hotel 鈥?decent place to get a taste of some local specialties). A fact that may be of interest to some readers: there are a lot of gay bars that can be reached in about 10 minutes on foot (e.g. Q-Bar and MixWell), and the gay beach is located about 20 minutes north (on foot).My room (#345) was quite nice, a very decent size with a huge and very comfortable bed, fresh fruit on arrival and 2 small bottles of spring water in the bathroom. One of the features I especially appreciated about the room was the larger than usual in-room safe (they have the same one in their superior rooms), which allowed enough room to store all of my valuables as well as my laptop, which is bulky by today鈥檚 standards.The hotel promises 鈥榖roadband Internet access鈥?should you need it, but it is rather expensive and was VERY unreliable during my stay. Sure, they could blame the Taiwan earthquake that had occurred just before New Year鈥檚, but I did not have the same kind of problems in other properties in Bali before I arrived at the Sofitel Seminyak. You can buy a 3 or 4-hour block of time for in-room wired access or a full day鈥檚 wireless access useable in the lobby only. They also have a business center with a couple of Internet stations near the lobby, but people who used it told me the speed was terrible. I did not buy any Internet time but someone who did told me he was able to connect only on the last day he was there (he had tried to connect in vain during the first 3 days of his stay).The rooms and villas are really spread out and the lobby is on the second floor, which makes finding your way around the resort a little tricky. The main pool is quite nice, with lots of shaded areas, but it did get quite busy there on a couple of days during my stay. The pool staff is very hardworking and attentive, so are the gardeners who work all day to keep the grounds impeccable. The beach can get dirty, but simply walk a little bit north and it quickly gets better. The water was a little rough but quite warm, so I stayed quite close to the shore (perhaps knee-deep) and had no problem. Try to swim only between the flags if you can help it 鈥?makes for a safer experience. Between 11 AM and 2 PM, the sand (which is a darker brown) can get really hot, so you have to run to the water in order not to burn your feet.Can鈥檛 say much about the food at the resort, as I mostly ate outside the hotel (except for breakfast). Their breakfast is adequate but I found there was less selection here than at other similarly-priced hotels in Bali. You can order fresh juice along with your coffee or tea when you arrive 鈥?a nice touch. If you get there when it is busier (the 9 to 10 AM breakfast rush), you may find their service to be slow and quite disorganized. Other than breakfast, I tried their spicy shrimp-spinach pizza one day for lunch and it was excellent!The staff is very gracious and attentive, the rooms are clean and comfortable and although you can do much better for the price in Bali, if you want to stay in that specific area of Kuta, I think you really can鈥檛 go wrong with this place!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>ParisPiccolo
<Content>Truly beautiful grounds Stayed at the Sofitel with a friend for 8 days in April and thoroughly enjoyed it. Day 1 was a disaster - we arrived at the hotel after a 7 hour flight to be told the hotel was overbooked (despite the fact that I had confirmed our reservation the day before!). We were shuffled off to another hotel for the night (insisted on the Padma in Legian) which was a little annoying, but the rest of the week was lovely.When we finally checked in we had an ocean view room which was spacious, modern and had great views. The balcoy was nice and out air con nice and chilly. The hotel grounds are stunning - the pools are some of the nicest in Bali.We found our beds incredibly hard and uncomfortable, which is unusual for a Sofitel, but the linen and toiletries were fine. Used the free shuttle in and out of Kuta daily and loved it - the staff were lovely and often helped carry all of our shopping!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>bellmeister
<Content>Great Value Hotel          View from balcony  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CalBears
<Content>great location and value Just came back from a week long Bali vacation and stayed at Sofitel for three nights. The hotel met almost all my expectations. The location right on the beach in Seminyak could not be beat. It's a short walk to restaurants, shops, and the Seminyak nightlife yet the distance is enough so that at night, there's peace and quiet for those who want a retreat. The service is excellent as the staff are warm and friendly. There are two pools (one facing the ocean and the other in a more secluded garden-like setting). There were plenty of beach umbrellas and lounge-chairs available for hotel guests. The rooms are furnished with a modern motif. We got a superior room for $120/night inclusive of tax. The room we got was on the ground floor with a garden view and was sufficient for two people. My one very little complaint about the hotel is the lack of a gym. Would have loved to have access to some basic exercise equipment but running on the beach was an ok substitute.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Steve Winter
<Content>Sofitel Seminyak a great place for families Stayed at Sofitel Seminyak in Bali in April with spouse and some of our teenagers and can't praise the place highly enough. The pools are excellent, as are the breakfasts. The location is quiet after dark, though there are plenty of places to eat and go for a drink within easy walking distance or an inexpensive cab ride. The bus goes downtown daily and everything feels pretty safe.The only negative is that you need to check the colour of the sea before diving in directly outside but there are miles of beach from which to choose a good spot.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Arretje
<Content>Sofitel: sun, sand and sooo relaxing! After much deliberation we choose the Sofitel to stay during our last 2 weeks on Bali. We stayed there from 16 September to 1 October 2006. We were a little bit hesitant after reading some of the reviews on this website but as the location of the hotel is exactly what we wanted and we could get a good deal ($125 p. night including breakfast for a deluxe room) we booked it anyway. We had already been traveling around Bali for 2 weeks and this was to be the 麓relax麓 part of our holiday. We arrived in the evening and were very impressed by the enormous lobby with its beautiful orchid arrangements. Check-in was very relaxed with a welcome drink and a cold towel and very courteous.The room, nr 323, was very beautiful with nice colours, fresh flowers and a welcome fruitplatter. There was enough room in drawers and cupboards (and we had to do some improvising in other five star hotels p.e. in Thailand). The bathroom was also good, with a separate shower stall. The windows and balcony offered a view of the sea (though interrupted by trees). We had no problems with the airconditiioning.The grounds of the hotel are really beautiful with flowers everywhere, ponds, bridges and a second, hidden pool. The main swimmingpool is large and very comfortable with nice sunloungers and umbrellas. Near the beach they have double sunloungers: very nice to relax with your significant other!The breakfast is delicious with a choice of fresh juices and the a la carte dishes (included in the price) are really special: p.e. the pancakes with strawberries in schezuan pepper milk, or the poached eggs provencale. The buffet itself is also very good with lots of choice in fruits, pastries, breads, cereals and eastern hot dishes.We had dinner twice and lunch once in the hotel as the prices are really high, more than European, but the quality of the food is excellent. But almost every evening we had cocktails at the poolbar and they are very good.We really do not understand some of the reviews on this site about the staff. During our stay the staff was wonderful: always smiling, knowing us by name and very attentive. Balinese people have a good sense of humor and the staff is no exception. However, they take their jobs very seriously and will do everything to make your stay comfortable, from the gardeners to the duty managers.The hotel offers a free shuttle bus to Kuta 5 times a day and we used it a few times: always on time and a nice service.The location of the hotel is very quiet: right on the beach and not near the restaurants and bars of Seminyak. Its quiet location was one of the reasons we choose this hotel.For dinner we always took a taxi to a restaurant in Kuta or Seminyak. We can recommend Rumours, Zanzibar, Ryoshi (for the food, not for the service!), Trattoria and of course Gado Gado wich is next to the Sofitel. We had a wonderful stay in Sofitel Seminyak and are seriously thinking of going there again next year!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>kyushuman
<Content>Quite Good Overall The Sofitel was much better than expected. I think some of the earlier reviews on here are from during the time when the Sofitel was changing over from the Imperial Hotel. Now, it seems quite nicely run, and I'd go back again for sure.I paid $145/night, which did not include breakfast. But, having stayed in Seminyak before, I knew there would be some places serving breakfast on Jalan Dhyana Pura, and I was right. I ended up at one place where the road curves that had an excellent full American breakfast--eggs, bacon, sausage, toast, hash browns, pancake, and fruit--for about US$3, cheaper if you don't want so much to eat.Also nearby: restaurants with cuisine from just about any country you can think of (Italian, Moroccan, American, Greek, Turkish, German, etc) are all within a 5-minute taxi or walking distance. So are at least 2-3 gay clubs, which is why I especially like Seminyak. :)As for the hotel, it was nice! Very spacious room (I didn't book the lowest category, this was the middle category available; I called the hotel and was told that the cheapest room was 39sqm, with a normal bathroom, while this one was 46sqm with a rainshower, and an upgraded bath. It was as advertised, with an upgrade based on my Sofitel Privilege card--but to be honest, I couldn't figure out what the upgrade was, possibly to the 3rd floor (the highest, with a peaked ceiling was an upgrade, vs. other floors?). Balcony with some chairs to sit on, nice amenities in the bath. A surprise was the excellent food we got from Room Service--the sweet potato curry soup was wonderful! Also had a club sandwich that was good and fresh, and all were delivered in about 20 min.Service was, without a doubt, very attentive! Every single staff member I passed by in the hall greeted me--every time. Smiles and offers of help all the time. Especially if you do pay a bit more, with the upgraded rooms, I don't see how you can go wrong with the Sofitel! In fact, for about $275-350 per night, there are also these traditional Balinese villas at the Sofitel with private plunge pools that look heavenly! Too much for me, though.Seminyak isn't the Bali people expect, however--it's extremely quiet in the daytime, the beach isn't crowded, though there are people all around. At night, however, Seminyak is really jumping--the best and most trendy restaurants, and clubs. So if you're looking for a secluded spot with no human contact, I'd go elsewhere; also, if you're looking for beaches heaving with heavenly bodies, head to Kuta.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	1	

<Author>unclechuckle
<Content>perfect.. managed to get what seemed a really good deal - $111 a night for a week in early July. Knew the seminyak area well but hads never stayed at the Sofitel before. was slightly cautious after reviews on here but was more than happy with what we ended up with - room was fine, perfectly large enough for European tastes. Did have the same problem with aircon but it was stuck on 23C not 25, so not such a problem. breakfast fantastic, as everyone has said before, and ate  drank around the pool most days - certainly no complaints, and given the decent GBP/USD rate no complaints re prices. Wine a touch expensive, but other stuff - beer (拢1.20), cocktails well within our budgets. food also of a very good standard. I would agree that sometimes the standard isn't great all the time, but they do at least make the effort, which is half the point in my opinion. For what we paid I have nothing to complain about, and will happily return.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Lovina
<Content>Sofitel Sucko In May my husband and I went to my home country, Indonesia. We were hoping for a very memorable 8 night visit to Bali since it has been 3 years that we were there. My choice was Sofitel because of the location in the hip Seminyak town. However, the hotel is definitely NOT worth the 5 star rating it gets online and on the brochures. The room was a good size but the AC didn't work! It kept showing that it's fixed on 25C which is still quite warm in our opinion. We asked the Manager on duty to send someone to our room and get it fixed. We were promised that it'll be dealt with immediately but they lied. Each day they pretended to have someone looked at it and kept saying It's fine now. However, still at 25C. The grounds are quite small in comparison to other real 5 stars hotels scattered in Nusa Dua and other parts of Bali. The pool was pretty and facing the ocean which is nice, but drinks are soooo pricey. A single vodka tonic cost US$10 incl. the hotel tax, bottled water cost about US$7. Definitely not a cool and 'happening' hotel from what I can see. Anyway, it was not what we had in mind. We live in China and to be honest, the Sofitel here is what a 5 star should look like, feel like, and comes with a superb service. I would not recommend this hotel to any of my friends.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>asmSingapore
<Content>Hotel Sofitel Seminyak: peaceful, relaxing, great staff and great room!       View from the pool side lounge chair  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FrequentFlyer123
<Content>Fantastic! Fantastic all round!We stayed here for 5 nights with a family of teenagers and this hotel suited us all prefectly. Lovely rooms, great bathrooms and amenities, magical setting. Two beautiful pools, fabulous gardens - a true tropical haven. On the beach front - though the sea at times looked less than clean. This wasn't a problem as the pools were perfect. Not crowded - always possible to get a sun-lounge. The hotel generally is beautifully maintained and all facilities are of a very high standard.True Sofitel style and standards.Breakfasts are divine!  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent!   showReview(4607010, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>certainly no 5 stars !   showReview(4597375, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Raskal44
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(4498661, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Catherine77Herts_UK
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(3985662, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CAamigo
<Content>Sofital Seminyak: Safe but not Exceptional   showReview(3984663, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Macnic
<Content>Renovations all complete   showReview(3528307, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than expected   showReview(3499461, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PhilSuisse
<Content>Dispappointed   showReview(3006546, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>hollidaytrooper
<Content>very dissapointing   showReview(3006504, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2005
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>varan54
<Content>tr茅s bon hotel   showReview(23427407, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr sch枚nes Hotel!   showReview(22953710, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Luser
<Content>Pool   showReview(21527825, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	2	3	4	5	2	

<Author>shankou
<Content>銇层仺銈婃梾銇с倐蹇仼   showReview(21390031, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>koaa
<Content>銉愩儵銉炽偣銇倛銇勩儧銉嗐儷   showReview(20009342, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偩銉笺儓銈掓簚鍠€併仹銈傜櫧浜虹敤锛?#x201d;   showReview(19956556, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>magouli
<Content>Un peu de laisser-aller   showReview(18873258, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉┿兂銈偄銉冦儣   showReview(19955795, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Ollona
<Content>Un parfait 茅quilibre       Promenade dans le parc autour de l'h么tel  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cgreg06
<Content>premi猫re fois   showReview(12742156, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>malouka
<Content>absolument parfait   showReview(12040779, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉汇兓銉绘畫蹇点€?#x201d;   showReview(19955471, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Holyvacances
<Content>Unique Vacances   showReview(8706148, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>灞呭績鍦般伄鑹亜銉涖儐銉仹銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(19955268, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>姘楁寔銇°倛銇忛亷銇斻仜銇俱仚   showReview(19955252, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广偪銈ゃ儶銉冦偡銉ャ仾銉偩銉笺儓銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19955223, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锝匡緦锝緝锞欙浇锞愶締锝蒋锝?#x201d;   showReview(19955177, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈濋銈点偆銈炽兗   showReview(19955116, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹夊績銇椼仸娉娿伨銈屻伨銇椼仧銆?#x201d;   showReview(19955032, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鑹亱銇ｃ仧   showReview(19954955, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈ゃ兂銉氥儶銈儷銇悕銇у柖...   showReview(19956255, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绉併亴琛屻仯銇熼爟銇伅銇俱仩...   showReview(19956063, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉熴儸銉嬨偄銉犮伄銇婃鏈堛伀...   showReview(19955945, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

