<Author>mayson12
<Content>A great little gem for a fantastic price. Every December I meet friends for a girls' weekend in San Francisco. We usually get rooms on Priceline, but this year decided that location took precedence and looked for a good rate on a hotel near Union Square. We found a wonderful rate through hotels.com for the Serrano Hotel, which is a Kimpton property. Knowing Kimpton's reputation and noting the fantastic location we decided to give the hotel a try and are we glad we did!Some reviews here suggest that the area is too criminal or threatening, esp. for women traveling by themselves, but we came and went after dark and never once felt threatened or afraid. We weren't even nervous. The Hilton and Nikko hotel are right around the corner and walking to and from Union Square along O'farrell is absolutely fine. Yes, you might be asked for change by someone along the way, but that can happen on almost any street downtown.The hotel itself was an easy walk from the BART station on Powell. The lobby is very cute and the decor for Christmas cheery. At the front desk, play a hand of blackjack with the clerk and if you win, you pick from a list of daily prizes (we got a bottle of wine delivered to the room). If you lose, donate to their animal charity. Check-in was fast. The elevators are tiny and on the slow side, but not annoyingly so. We had rooms with two doubles. The rooms are very small, but nicely decorated. Love the ipod docking alarm clock/radio, the down comforters and comfy beds. The flat panel TV was a nice touch also. The closet had ample room with iron/ironing board, plenty of hangers and cheetah-print robes for guest use. The bathroom again, was very tiny but well-stocked with Aveda bath amenities (shampoo, conditioner, lotion, and two kinds of soap). I love not having to pack extra toiletries, so having nice products is a big plus. There is no counter space to speak of, but there is a narrow shelf running the length of the mirror. Enough room for toothbrushes, etc. The shower is really high on the wall, perfect for tall people. The water pressure is fine. The biggest surprise for us was the absence of street noise. Our room faced O'Farrell St. and we expected it to be loud, but we remarked every morning how quiet it had been the night before. I think we're used to putting up with noisy SF streets, so it was an unexpected surprise to have such quiet nights.We did not eat at the restaurant but did attend the wine reception one afternoon. For 1 hour each afternoon, there is a wine reception in the lobby with a choice of house red or white wine. Check out a board game from the many choices at the front desk and relax. It's a lot of fun and a good time to meet other guests. There is also coffee and tea available every morning.The staff was always friendly and helpful. Everytime we walked in the doors, there was a welcome back. All in all, we really enjoyed our stay at the Serrano and would go back in an instant. The location can't be beat, the staff friendly and the beds comfy.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>cruiseshel-socal
<Content>Our Favorite Hotel in San Francisco! Visited San Fran in August '08 then husband and I returned to Serrano for anniversary getaway during Thanksgiving weekend. Can't wait to visit again!Love most everything about this boutique-style hotel. Friendly, accommodating, convenient, great rooms. Walking distance from main tourist attractions and popular restaurants. Love the comfortable bed and clean, quiet rooms. If you can, book an Executive King suite. Bathrooms are huge! I counted 7 shower heads in our shower and it even had a TV! Spacious room, 2 TV's, bed separated from living area by curtain, large sofa pullout in living area. Internet available in hotel room and lobby.Coffee and tea available free in lobby in morning. Wine hour late afternoon. Doorman great with directions. Play a quick game of blackjack when you check in and you might get a free continental breakfast. Pet friendly, restaurant on site but lots of restaurants within walking distance not to be missed.They include Taylor Street Cafe and Doris' for breakfast. Trust me. They're good and reasonable. Expect about a 45 min wait at Doris', worth it.Try Max's for dinner. Also Daily Grill is close. Lots of sushi and Indian eateries nearby. Didn't try them, maybe next trip. A few things I think could be improved. Although they offer coffee in lobby, would like a small pot in room, just to get you off the dime while you're waking up. They need a brand of soap that lasts longer. Parking is expensive, valet service about $45 a day. You don't need a car plus there's nowhere to park in city.About the area, yes, there are a lot of homeless. There are also a lot of tourists. This hotel is on fringe of Tenderloin district but just use common sense and you should be fine. It's also extremely close to one of the main cable car stations, Union Square, shopping, food, the Westfield Mall (love the food court there). And no big hills to negotiate. Serrano is just across from the Hilton so there are always plenty of taxis nearby.Overall, where we stay is a big part of the success of our trips. In this case, the Serrano is our first choice. Good value, walking distance to the main sites, quiet and clean rooms and friendly staff. Although it doesn't have the fancy amenities of luxury hotels it has everything you need in this great city. Check rates on Travelzoo and the hotel website.Happy Travels!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>fotrestsidelady
<Content>Serrano - a convenient haven. The Serrano in San Francisco is a superb hotel - we stayed 4 nights from 8th Nov 2008 and loved it. The location is very convenient for all the tourist things - Union Sq, cable car, Golden Gate(by bus from outside the hotel), China town. Also the drop off point for car rentals is just opposite. The Tenderloin is nearby and I was concerned about that but no worries we did not feel at all threatened. The staff were very friendly and helpful - when we checked in we were given a small room - perfectly adequate and comfortable except that we had been travelling for 3 weeks and had 4 large pieces of luggage. When I spoke to the receptionist about this he immediately got us a bigger room and an upgrade and threw in a complimentary breakfast- excellent service. The beds are the most comfortable ever but I would agree with a past review that the shower over the bath is dangerous - last year in a Spanish hotel in the same cicumstances my husband slipped and broke 2 ribs!! There is a free wine reception each night and this is a wonderful idea as it gives an opportunity for socialising with other guests. My only other criticism is that there is no coffee maker in the room. We arrived about noon having been driving for 4 hours and were gasping for a coffee but had to go out to find a coffee shop. Coffee is available in the lobby in the morning up until about 10 0'clock but not thereafter. In conclusion I would compliment the hotel on the friendliness of all the staff and their willingness to offer assistance and advice.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>eikendall
<Content>A Jewel We saw a room special for $99 on Travel Zoo and booked a room for Labor Day Weekend. Wow were we surpised. I booked a normal king room and was AMAZED at the room we got. It was on one of the top floors, had an AMAZING view, huge widowns that let in so much light. and the bed... OH MY GOSH!! I came home and ordered Frette linens and am trying to find the same bed (for cheaper then you can buy it from them.)A couple of downsides.. all of the staff seemed like they could have cared less if you were there or not. We were hoping for al least some smiles and pleasant conversation when we checked in. You also have no coffeemake in the room and have to go downstairs in the morning for a cup (not a pot). I wanted some tea late at night and was told I couldn't get any. Also the tub/shower combo... the tub is slpoed on both sides towards the middle, making it VERY difficult to stand in taking a shower without falling.. a little dangerous if you ask me. We had a great time otherwise and plan to return again just for the room. The hotel is in a great area and we found amazing restaurants within a block of it.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	1	1	5	

<Author>PinkyGreen
<Content>Serrano Hotel San Francisco       Room at the Serrano  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>meg_to_go
<Content>Had a great time at the Serrano We spent a long weekend at the Serrano before flying home from a trip through Wine Country. Everyone on the staff was courteous and helpful and the hotel itself was charming and well-cared-for.The complimentary wine reception was a great opportunity to relax and socialize between a day of walking and exploring and an evening of great dining.The location was perfect, we dropped off our rental car the first day and walked everywhere. At no time did we feel uncomfortable in the area surrounding the hotel, even walking to and from local restaurants each evening.We would highly recommend the Serrano as a great place to stay while visiting San Francisco.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>asher3121
<Content>Good find! After reading the reviews on the Serrano I have to say i was a little scared of its location and what I might find!That said San Francisco is rife with homeless, they are everywhere and you cant avoid them and for an Australian like me its hard to digest and hard to ignore and its scary.... but its such a great city you shouldnt let this deter you!The Serrano however was in a great location and so close to Union Sq and the Cable Cars and anything you might want! The staff with courteous, friendly and quick to assist (they have a great doorman!), the rooms were clean, well equipped el;egant and with character (stylish character not worn out charm!)... wine tasting is a great touch, they stock the bathroom with Aveda (my fav!) and the beds are delicious!Dont worry about the location issues others may have mentioned as i mentioned above the homeless are everywhere and there is no way you can avoid them. A sad and sorry sight but otherwise a fabulous city and hotel!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>chickee44
<Content>Wonderful, more than I even expected, experience at the Serrano I recently returned from a 6 day stay at the Serrano and I have nothing but kind words for the entire staff. The doormen were a pleasant welcome coming back from a long day of traveling the city and the front desk staff and concierge were full of helpful dinner/city tips. Complimentary wine fit the experience and gave a great reason to mingle in the cozy lobby.The location of the hotel really couldn't have been better in my opinion. Taking the front desk's advice, take an EASY walk toward Market and you've got everything you need from shopping/transportation/restaurants at your disposal.As far as the rooms, we had to check in early due to the fact we were coming from another hotel (the Serrano didn't have availability our first night). The hotel manager, Antonio was more then accomodating and we were welcomed to a ready-room that was sparkling clean every night when we returned.I would highly recommend this hotel, have absolutely no complaints, and look forward to staying here again.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>richparr
<Content>Very Impressed with everything. I booked the Serrano as part of a trip as a present to my Mother for her 65th birthday.She was a bit nervous at first as this was her first visit to the USA, but within minutes of arriving she felt right at home.All the staff we came across were friendly and welcoming, and the service we received from the doormen, check-in staff and restaurant staff was excellent from start to finish.We stayed in on of the 'Luxury Suites' on the 14th floor. The rooms were big and clean with a 32 flat screen in the bedroom and living room. The 'Honor Bar' was well stocked and the bathroom was a tidy size. The nighty wine reception in the lobby from 5 to 6 was also a great bonus. Don't let the comments about the location worry you, it's only a couple of minutes walk to Union Square and we never felt threatened around the hotel once.I would have no problem recommending this hotel to anyone and would definetally stay here again if I was lucky enough to visit San Francisco again.Thanks once again to Mr Flores and his staff for a great stay.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>NJBizTraveler
<Content>Much better than expected Great, Great 4 day stay - 40 dollars from airport and never needed a car (rental comapanies are all around corner if you do need car vs. airport - caution - parking is very expensive everywhere in SF)Hotel has charm and character and is great retreat after long day or night. Great hotel for work or leisure. Friendly, helpful. Unique. A great experience.Would definitely stay again.Walkable to all conference locations - 2-5 easy and entertaining blocks.Great and varied food in area from diners, mexican, thai, chinese, you name it.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>powerofunity
<Content>FIVE STAR SERVICE, Great Getaway at the Serrano       Serrano Hotel crazy comfy bed  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>swissrena
<Content>Everything our little family needed at Serrano We stayed five days at the Serrano making it a long labor day weekend. The hotel was very busy but operations were smooth. It is an excellent place to bring a little child - the crib was brought in no time to the room and we had a high-chair in the room for the entire duration of our stay. The room was very quiet, we were lucky to be on the 15th floor where we almost couldn't hear the traffic down there.It's true that the standard room we had was on the small side but it was OK for the three of us. The restaurant (Ponzu) where breakfast is served is OK but not so much my style and rather expensive. San Fran has better places if you go out there! Also be aware of the minibar: it's full of goodies but no free lunch!Location is very convenient with easy access to the city (we walked to Fisherman's on the first day) and public transport on Market Street and the shops. If you take Powell Street to go to Market St you can avoid the Tenderloin area which I'd advise  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Toyweb
<Content>Luke Warm About Serrano First let me start by saying that the staff at the Serrano was wonderful! The door man greeted us each day by name and the concierge was most helpful in giving us information regarding city. The hotel is centrally located to Union square which makes catching the trolley to all other sites (i.e. China town, Fisherman's Wharf) easy, however, if you go 1 block down and to the east of the hotel you will be overcome by Homeless people. This made me feel extremely uncomfortable and is definetely something I'm not accustomed to seeing while on vacation. The rooms are really small. As my husband said, I can't even change my mind in this room let alone my clothes. And the closet smelled bad. We stayed 3 nights and I have to confess that I was excited to move on to our next hotel. I wish I would have listened to my husband, gone for modern, and stayed in the Financial District instead of being sucked into the charm of a bygone era.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelbee07
<Content>Close to Cable Car and Shopping This hotel is ok to stay at when visiting San Francisco. It is only 5 minutes away from the Powell cable car station (by foot) and also very close to Union Square (great shopping, Saks, Macy's, Neiman Marcus, plenty of well-known brands). 5 Starbucks in walking distance. The rooms, at least the one I stayed in, was fairly small, with a very modern TV. The room was ok, nothing outstanding. Donwside: You cannot open the window, the air is quite stuffy and the windows are steamed up from the outside, not possible to get a great view over San Francisco. They do wine-tastings in the entrance hall. The staff was helpful but not over-friendly. The waiters in the breakfast room struggled with English. For breakfast I expected more, no buffet or anything. The bagel I had was rather plain. The restaurant in the hotel was very nice though, Asian-style cuisine with very friendly and polite staff. The food was good. The staff made the dining worthwhile, you felt very welcome. The doorman said not to walk to the direction away from the Hilton (you can see the Hilton from the serrano Hotel), apparently not a nice area. If you can afford more, I would still recommend to stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>mrmqm
<Content>Great Hotel! Aug 9-10 My husband and I decided to get a jump start on our 5 year wedding anniversary, (08-16-03), by staying at SF for one night. We are SPG members and enjoy staying at Le Meridien and Westin Hotels. This was our first time at a Kimpton Hotel and the Serrano made a lasting impression. From the doorman to reception personnel, it seems as though everyone just returned from a weekend long customer service training. Smiles, how are you doing, and may I help you? from everyone. After reading many positive reviews, I found the Asst GM, Antonio Flores. I decided to confirm our stay by emailing him directly and informing him of our special occassion. The only expectation I had was for a king size bed and perhaps some chocolate on the pillows. Boy, was I surprised. Upon opening the door, we saw a small platter of strawberries and chilled champagne. The room was very nice and spacious with a jacuzzi (executive king room). Our plans were to go shopping in Union, eat at a nice restaurant (Ana Mandara) and enjoy the night life of SF. We only completed the first two and enjoy the room instead of night life. We would stay at this hotel again, not because of Mr. Flores recognized our special occassion and went the extra mile, but the overall service from staff. The hotel itself was very nice, of course, cozy and elegant. For future SF getaways, we would stay here versus our usual hotels. Location was great, two blocks from Union Square. Safety was not an issue. Lots of people enjoying the weekend night life. We parked adjacent to hotel for $30 total per night. Thank you again to Serrano Staff and Mr. Flores.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>memiller66
<Content>Incredible Stay I'm usually very cynical about hotels and don't typically write to praise a hotel. This hotel breaks the mold and has impressed me to the point of writing a positive review.The staff was incredibly friendly and professional: from the concierge acknowledgment to us as we walked in to the bellman remembering our names throughout the entire stay...we truly felt important. The rooms were very clean with plenty of room and plenty of amenities. The staff was incredibly helpful with great food recommendations that were both affordable and close. They also were helpful in general San Francisco information.This hotel bumps up against the tenderloin area, but I would never have guessed that there was ever any danger. My wife and i never once felt that we were in a threatening or uncomfortable situation concerning our safety.My only complaint with the hotel is minor in that the toilet seat would not stay up as I tried to use the restroom...my wife found this trick useful :).The Serrano Hotel was so good that my wife and I decided to call and book another Kimpton hotel when we return to San Francisco...We booked the Prescott Hotel. Nothing but the highest praises for the Serrano Hotel, the staff, and the Kimpton properties.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>smurfyjuice
<Content>Very Cool I was a little nervous since my husband was convinced the Hotel would be in the Tenderloin and I was trying to point out that it was close to Union Square. When we pulled up in the taxi the Doorman grabbed our suitcase - asked us our name and escorted us to the front desk. The service was delightful and we were 2 little blocks from Union Square - Ha Ha! So it is a perfect location. It has a very European feel to it and the guests were mostly European. They have a game theme - there are games to play in the lobby + a check-in game which I missed. And they have toys to play with in the room -- cute. We were very satisfied with our stay and we would stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>FrankieFile
<Content>Excellent hotel On our recent visit to the Bay area, we decided to try a different hotel every night. I'm partially glad we did this but also wish we had our complete stay at this excellent hotel.We stayed at The Fairmont and upgraded to a Tower Signature Suite, we had a King Executive Room at the Hotel Rex and an upgraded room at Serrano. By far, we enjoyed the Serrano the most. Mr. Antonio Flores and the rest of the excellent staff made our stay much nicer with his personalized service.Our arrival was early, nonetheless, our room was thankfully available. All requested amenities were honored, such as an upper floor with a view, feather pillows, etc. Mr. Flores made sure that there was a personalized welcome item, based on a discussion I'd had with him via email. Nobody else givers that level of service!The hotel is on the cusp of the Tenderloin district but we had no issues and quickly learned to avoid walking in that direction. I felt completely safe in the immediate area around and within the hotel and in the direction of Union Square. The hotel is an easy walk to excellent shopping and transportation (giving easy access to the entire city). I was a bit surprised at the relative paucity of fine dining in the entire area, but this is no reflection on the hotel (and maybe I just didn't wander to the right spots).Our room was large and the bathroom, with jacuzzi, had the best shower of all three hotels. I believe that this was the hotel that had Aveeda bath products, my personal favorite. Our room was clean, had free Internet access, and well lit. Emergency routes were well-marked. The only fault I could come up with is that it's impossible to get to the bathroom if the sofa bed is extended. But, being part acrobat, I was able to get there without waking my family.The concierge was most helpful in arranging a last minute tour for us and ensured that it all went smoothly. He had great suggestions. I really can't say too may good things about this facility and, even without considering the most reasonable room rate, Serrano beat out its competitors...hands down, including the upgraded Fairmont room.I heartily recommend this hotel, regardless of travel budget. A final special thanks again to Mr. Flores.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MimiCSeattle
<Content>Consistently Kimpton I often stay at Kimpton Hotels for work, but this week visited the Serrano in San Francisco for fun. What I really like about this chain is that the quality and little perks are consistent. I know they'll have good coffee in the lobby every morning and the New York Times. The wine in the afternoon is such a nice bonus. My room in SF was spotless, as always. The sheets are always crisp and I love the feather pillows of assorted sizes. One quirk that it might be time to address is the cheesy robes that look like they came out of a 70s bachelor pad. Leopard print terry is not tasteful. Let's think about some white waffle weave spa robes. Additionally, I've been pretty impressed with the frequent traveller program. I've been consistently upgraded at almost every stay. Other programs say they'll do that but they never seem to deliver. If I had one gripe it's the astronomical parking fees. $40, even for SF is excessive and seems wrong when directly across the street the garage is charging $10 less. It sends the a nickel-and-diming message to guest and it really stands out since so much is on the mark.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Estells
<Content>Good hotel for the adventuresome The Serrano is a lovely old hotel billed as being in the theatre district of San Francisco. The hotel itself was very nice. Interesting old world feel to the lobby. Very helpful staff. Extremely spacious rooms. Nice added touch is the afternoon wine tasting. However, the location, while only 3 blocks from Union Square, appeared to be a little iffy. The theatres I saw were a couple of blocks away and appeared dark. Maybe the area is better when shows are playing.The other downside was the restaurant at breakfast. It didn't open until 8 am on the weekends. Not good for a group trying to catch a tour bus at 8:15! The one day we were able to eat there, it was extremely slow with one waitress constantly telling us I'm not the only server whenever we would ask for something. Breakfast food was average at best.Overall, it was a good hotel with a spacious room and very comfortable bed. Pluses do outweigh the minuses.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	3	4	4	4	

<Author>PubliusTX
<Content>We enjoyed our stay at the Serrano My significant other and I very much enjoyed our stay at the Serrano!We targeted this hotel on priceline, and were happy to get a great rate at what turned out to be a really nice property. I emailed Mr. Antonio Flores before our trip, and he was helpful in accommodating our late check-out request. Check-in was fast and professional (no mention of the priceline reservation).Here are the pluses and minuses of our room:+ Funky decor (Kimpton hotels aren't cookie cutter hotels, that's for sure! This Kimpton is fun, although it may not suit all tastes).+ Super Comfy Bed (this is really important to me).+ Impeccably clean (the room was spotless)+ Evening wine/beer reception in lobby (we only made one of these, but it was fun)+ Super helpful and friendly staff- Small rooms. (This is an old building, so space is tight. We knew this going in and I would actually count this as part of the charm, but people with different tastes should be aware).In all, I'd love to stay at the Serrano again. It's a nicely run operation!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bunkerbuster
<Content>Cheap and average I was on 3 day break from London to see friends in San Francisco. This hotel was cheap being booked through Kimpton's website, with a discount that you get if you subscribe to their in-touch programme (which is free). The cost was only about æ‹¢60 per night and for that then you really don't get the right to complain about much.The room was fine although on the small side and a little noisy near the elevator and on a low level (I had requested the opposite but the hotel was full). Reasonably clean although the bathroom was tiny and I had to angle my legs to sit on the toilet because the bath was too close on one side.The air con outlet made a strange rattling noise which was bothersome.As a base to go out and party though it's fine, the location is good enough and despite the minor issues this place does represent good value and I would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>3	5	2	2	3	3	-1	4	

<Author>PamelaDahhling
<Content>Not one of Kimpton's best... Kimpton has a reputation for having beautiful, boutique-style hotels that offer exceptional service. The Serrano Hotel in San Francisco was a disappointment. The location is fantastic in the most walkable city in America. We were able to get to all modes of transportation easily, great shopping was nearby, and great restaurants were convenient. But the hotel is not run like a typical Kimpton.Be prepared...because it is in downtown, the spaces in the hotel feel squeezed. The rooms are small. I stayed in a double-double with my husband, two kids, and a dog, luckily for just one night. Afterwards, I stayed in a queen room, corner of the building, and the room felt perfect for one person. Kimpton is supposed to be pet friendly. Though my dog was allowed, no special attention was given, as occurs at other Kimptons. Also, next time I go to San Fran with a pet, I need to choose a place that has some grass/plants around so he can do his business!Except for the doormen, all the staff assisted us with a smile. However, they had odd policies. Kimpton places a placard in the bathrooms to let you know what they can provide in case you forgot something. But when my friend mentioned she needed a toothbrush (something the placard says the hotel will provide free), she was told to get one from the honor bar! At $3.00. The hotel provides room service, but don't plan on using it early in the morning on the weekend. We had an 8 am bus to catch, and room service was not available until 8 oclock that morning. Unfortunately, I hadn't seen the fine print on the order form and was counting on a 7 am meal from the hotel. I had to give my money to the Starbucks in the hotel across the street instead.My complaints are all relatively small, but when you expect exceptional service and don't experience it, then the interpretation is disappointing. Won't stay there again...sorry, Serrano.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	5	2	2	

<Author>moncast
<Content>clean and friendly It's a small but chic hotel. It was busy during our stay due to the trade show semiconwest but the service and friendliness of the hotel staff was always outstanding. Everyone greets you with a smile and good morning. The rooms are clean and comfortable. We were lucky to be upgraded to a Luxury Suite and it is beautiful. Thank you Mr. Flores. The kids liked having their own room and TV. Coffee and tea were great in the mornings. Oh and the games are great entertainment for the kids. They played a different one each day. Location is not bad, yes a little close to the homeless, but never felt unsafe. Would definitely go back. C. Family  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>sailornep5
<Content>Nice boutique hotel, would stay here again I won this hotel through Priceline, and felt we got a great deal for the price. The hotel is located right next to the Tenderloin, which leads to some questionable activities if you walk two blocks in the wrong direction, but it is also really close to all the great shopping and eats in Union Square. Since we were pretty familiar with the area, we knew where to walk and where to avoid, so the location was good for what we wanted to do. Parking here is indeed pricey, but there are two parking garages next to the hotel that offer overnight parking for $30. We've stayed in a couple of Kimpton properties before that were more contemporary and modern, but we liked the feel of this hotel nonetheless. The rooms are cozy (which is the case in most hotels here in SF) but clean and well furnished. We liked the wine and beer tasting in the lobby between 5-6pm, even if our anti-social selves just used it to take some free wine up to our room! Only downside was when we called the front desk to ask for some toothbrushes/toothpaste (yup, we are the travelers that forgot) and after waiting in our rooms for half an hour, finally went downstairs to get it. Apparently the front desk person forgot to send it up - he did apologize, and then informed us he only had toothbrushes, no paste. We were told we could walk down to the corner market and pick up some. This wasn't a big deal, but since the room has signs that clearly state a list of complementary items they had available for us forgetful travelers (and toothpaste was one of them), I thought it was a bit discouraging.Overall, I thought this was a nice hotel with a decent location. If you can score it for under $100/night, you won't be displeased!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>cabogolf19
<Content>We Keep Coming Back As I told the front desk staff at checkout, every stay at the Serrano gets better. I have stayed at the Serrano 4 times in the last few months and will continue to come back. We stayed over the 4th of July holiday weekend and you would never know the property was sold out. It was quiet and the only time we saw other guests, was either in the elevator or at the awesome wine/beer hour. From the doorman, front desk staff, housekeeping and maintenance staff we were always greet you with a hello. There are many choices in and around Union Square and honestly, we continue to choose the Serrano for its laid back, comfortable hospitality. The only thing that could be better, is to have a Kimpton Hotel in Fresno!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>McKneely
<Content>Nice Stay but Use Priceline for Better Rate Would never have thought to stay here if it weren't the winner of my priceline bid. For a Sunday night stay I bid $80 and was charged $99 with taxes. To book the same room next Sunday on Expedia the rate is $230.Overnight valet parking cost $39.Room was pleasant. Bed linens were OK, but was just a duvet...no top sheet. Business center has two Macs. I was charged $5.95 for 15 minutes access. Disappointing considering most hotels I've stayed at recently, including Doubletree and Hilton Garden Inn have complimentary internet access in the business center.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	3	3	5	4	3	

<Author>wish71
<Content>Great hotel This hotel was in a great location -- close to main transportation lines, shopping and main sights. The staff was friendly. I got an upgrade to a suite simply for being a points member. The room was clean and the hotel was generally quiet. The heating and cooling system was loud though.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>ctmiller
<Content>Very nice experience, well managed I have just returned home today from a very pleasant stay at the Serrano Hotel. We were pleased with everything about our stay and the hotel seems to be very well managed. Our cozy room was clean, comfortable and quiet. The location was very central and just a short walk to the trolley, train, great shopping around Union Square etc. The employees were very polite and most helpful. I would definitely recommend the Serrano to other guests and will stay here again in the future.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>christi5321
<Content>Good hotel...with scrabble in the lobby! We really enjoyed the happy hour every evening, coffee every morning, and the friendly staff.Chad the doorman recommended a great restaurant and was VERY attentive to our needs! Comfy bed, and very quiet room!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	5	5	

<Author>MrsPolly
<Content>We were satisfied. This is a nice hotel, although not in an especially pretty neighborhood being two blocks from Union Square. The room was small, but very nicely furnished. The bed was very comfortable and we had a down comforter and lots of pillows. The staff is very friendly and helpful, and the wine reception at night was a nice touch. If I were to recommend one thing it would be for a safety bar in the tub area. I had a difficult time getting out of the narrow deep tub with nothing to hold on to. They serve coffee in the morning in the lobby. There is a nice little cafe nearby that serves a very reasonable breakfast. The hotel is four blocks from Powell  Market Street although we were able to get off the Cable Car at O'Farrrell which was two blocks away.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Victoria001
<Content>Serrano was Grand Serrano hotel was fabulous, we stayed for 4 nights and had the most enjoyable time. The staff were so helpful with directions, what to see and do around the city. The location was ideal. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>texashappygal
<Content>Great Hotel Great Hotel. We were traveling with my stepdaughter  this hotel offered a suite with a King  a fold-out Queen sleeper. Had a drape that we could close between the rooms.Two armoires with TVs, huge bath with steam shower. Jacuzzi bath was another option.Great location near Union Square, but next to the border of bum town.Free wine happy hour from 5-6 daily in the lobby was fun way to meet other guests.Wonderful beds  pillows. Only negative, our room had no view. However, we got a decent rate because of that.Gorgeous lobby. Small, chic hotel.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>catalicious
<Content>Liked the Hotel and Staff We really liked the hotel. The staff is very pleasant and cheerful. We stayed at the same time as others who reviewed this hotel negatively. We received our room at a rate of $99 (before taxes of course), which we received when we used the hotel website.For our purposes, it was my first time in SF and my boyfriend's 15th, we were total tourists. So this hotel was in a good location. I did find out when we went out one night, that you have to watch out which streets you go down b/c the hotel is located near the tenderloin district, but I have to do that in NYC, so it wasn't a big deal and we had no problems.We liked that we could get coffee in the morning in the Lobby as well as newspapers. Also, there is an afternoon wine and beer hour that is free to guests. The wines were very nice and my boyfriend liked their choice of beer.The cons were that our room was very small, but it was comfortable and clean.I would recommend this hotel to friends.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>puwawawoman
<Content>Did not meet expectations ...... CONS - Let's just start off with the CONS so you don't waste your time researching for the Serrano HotelFirst, let me start off with the hotel rates. I saw the rates for $104.88 per night on travelocity, so I decided to book via the hotel website itself incase i wanted to cancel for a better rate if available at the Westin. When I called in to request for a rate, they gave me $140+. I then asked why it was so high compared to what I saw on travelocity, and they put me on hold for a quick minute and then responded with we will match that. I think that alone is very decieving as they were able to knock off $40 per night for us within 1 min.Second - although you see all the reviews of this location being in a convenient spot, at night, this street is pretty quiet and so is the intersection where the Hilton is located. There also seems to be more homeless people loitering around this area compared to others. Third - This hotel will charge you $50 (believe this is some insurance charge) each night you stay on top of the room rate. This will be deducted from your form of payment and supposedly will be returned back to your account. Either right after check out or 48 hours after check out. Which is fine if they actually return the money back to you. Fourth - When my boyfriend and I checked in, the person at the front desk gave us two key cards that did not even work for our hotel room PLUS charged us TWICE for our stay and didn't even acknowledge what he did. My boyfriend didn't know either until he looked at his online statement - thankfully for that. When we notified the front desk of this situation, all they did was apologize and contacted their accounting dept who unfortunately told us they couldn't even do anything. So I stepped in and asked, if you are going to return our $50 insurance charge per night upon our check out, why can't you return the second charge as this is not a valid charge? They could not even give me an answer nor did they try to resolve it. So finally, the next front desk person we spoke with said she will try the accounting dept. again and give us a call the following business day, Monday (we left on a friday). At this point - it is now Thursday, no refund was made nor did they even bother contacting us. I believe they are waiting and expecting us to dispute the charge from the bank which is completely insane and the transaction and investigation for the dispute will take weeks compared to just a refund from the hotel itself - we have already notified them of this delay and nothing has been done. This amount was a lot too and he had used his debit card. Fifth - They give you keys for the bar which is located in the tv shelf. They tell you the keys are for the bar and make it sound like anything from the bar is complimentary. I first thought the drinks/snacks were complimentary but they don't mention you have to pay for everything until you ask - nor do they leave a sign anywhere about it compared the other hotels I've stayed at. Conclusion - Hotel was really small, pictures of the hotel gave a much bigger and nicer impression of the hotel until we walked in it. The next time I visit, I think I will stay at the Westin and pay 50 dollars more for just the convenience, safety, security, bigger room and a staff who can provide even an ounce of satisfaction to their guests. PROSDoormen were nice and rooms were clean.Please find a hotel that's either by Fisherman's Wharf or right next to the Union Square park. Spending that extra money per night is worth it.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>Mclaren1Ireland
<Content>Good Location, needs a facelift       I Pod clock radio  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	5	2	5	5	5	

<Author>sachikowong
<Content>Stop Looking and Book Here! We ended up staying here after the Palace and the Sir Francis Drake were sold out. I'm so glad that our first two choices were booked because our misfortune led us to my favourite hotel, hands down! First off, the price was moderate considering how expensive boutique hotels in Union Square are. Then we had the option to upgrade our room to a king sized suite for only $49 extra/night. It was well worth it. The room was beautiful and the bathroom was to die for. The decor of the bedroom was fabulously fun and chic without being pretentious. In fact, I loved the room so much that I was trying to cancel some of the activities I had planned just so I could spend more time lounging in our amazing room! Also, the bed was incredibly comfortable. In addition to all this, the hotel rooms and amenities were well thought out and I found myself discovering little details that made my stay even more enjoyable (board games and such).The decor in the lobby and elevators is a lovely introduction to the hotel and the front desk personnel and door men are very helpful (Pam in particular at the front desk made my trip much easier).Anyways, I could make this already long and glowing review even longer because I loved the Serrano so much but I'll stop here and urge people reading this to book a room here ASAP! This will definitely be the only hotel I stay in when I go back to San Fran!  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>otherrat
<Content>Poor Customer Service First off, when you book a room, the preferences you select don't actually mean anything. We booked a two bed smoking room, and when we arrived, were told that they could not accommodate us. Great.So we go up to the room. Seems ok. I start to unpack and find a pair of dirty undies in the closet. I go downstairs, and they tell me there is nothing they can do because the hotel is completely sold out for the night. I demand some sort of compensation and am basically called a liar by the manager on duty.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>RogerDonoghue
<Content>Great location, small room, superb staff. V Happy We booked via Hotwire.com so got a rate around $120 a night. And for that, it was superb. The hotel is lovely, the lobby great, the free wine - a nice perk, the staff, all of them, 100% fantastic.We suffered no problems with noise. The panhandlers seem a common feature of SF and none were aggressive. To be honest, all my memories of the panhandlers are of charming people trying to charm a few cents off you (I went outside for smokes frequently so met a fair few of them lol)The only thing I'd say is that if I'd paid rack rates for the same Queen room I'd have been very miffed at $299 - the room was as small as could be. It was lovely, and worked well, but put it this way, if you have your TV cabinet doors extended, you can't get from one side of the bed to the other. Not a problem, but not worth 300 bucks in my mind. Saying that - it probably is for central SF.I wholeheartedly recommend this hotel if space is not an issue. Oh - free Internet, which is essential for us as we are travelling extensively.We have now moved to the Cathedral Hill Hotel - which has rack rates at the same as the Hotwire rates for the Serrano - none of the charm but the room is twice the size. This counts a lot for us as we are here for 5 nights. But put it this way, we'd have stayed at the Serrano if we could have secured more nights at the same rate.Book with confidence! (oh and for Hotwire fans - it's the 3.5 star thumbs up Boutique option in the area :-) )  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jjodoin
<Content>Great Hotel       room  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	3	4	3	

<Author>amksba
<Content>Had a great stay! We found a great deal for this hotel - $109/night for a King room - so we booked a two night stay right away! For the most part, we really enjoyed our stay. We got in late Saturday night and were upgraded to a suite, which was an unexpected surprise. The hotel was beautiful, had great detail, and the rooms were clean and comfortable. The one small problem we had was that the walls are very thin. We often heard doors slamming, and people's conversations, and that was a bit annoying. In addition, there were $20/night in taxes, and the parking was $40/night! There is a safe place to park (I was worried it might not be as safe to not use the hotel's parking) on Taylor right next to the hotel - only $24/night. They were full when we got there, so we just sucked it up, but I would definitely recommend it.The location of the hotel makes it VERY easy to get to Union Square - we had a couple dodgy moments, but we still felt as safe as we were in other areas. But overall - the hotel was great, the beds were super comfy, and everything was nice and clean. I would definitely stay at this hotel again...  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ergosum
<Content>Lovely Stayed at the Serrano for a week around newyears. Quite a bargain for approx 90 euro's a night including taxes, considering location and quality of service. Very close to all the shops and Union Square. Cable car around the corner, as well as the BART - a breeze to get to and from the airport via public transportation. Service was good: efficient and friendly. The room wasn't huge, but more than adequate. Good shower, nice amenities, and - most importantly - a great bed. The leopard-print bathrobes are hilarious (in a good way). No problems with noise, inside or outside the hotel. On the downside windows don't open, which can create a bit of a stuffy atmosphere. Unfortunately far too many hotels have this issue. In short, an excellent place to stay if you're visiting SF. The odd interior won me over in the end; it beats the cookie-cutter hotel average. The Serrano deserves a higher rating on the popularity index than it current position in the 50s.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Calliopea
<Content>Loved the free wine! Found this hotel with a great review on travelzoo.com when it was going for $100 a night - definitely a steal!My sister and I enjoyed the complimentary wine bar from 5-6. They were very generous pourers, and we quickly found ourselves talking to the other guests and sharing stories and tips about the city.The rooms were a little on the small side, but comfy, especially the beds and the down comforters and pillows! Aveda ammenities were also a nice touch.If breakfast is not included in the rate, I suggest skipping the hotel's b-fast and head out to one of the many dinners on your walk to union square. It will cost you less.Location is great and not too noisy. There is a section near the hotel that you shouldn't cross into at night, but we didn't have any trouble.Definitely would recommend the hotel, especially at $100 a night!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>donnaaries
<Content>Great location, great service Booked the Serrano for a 3-night weekend stay in San Francisco. The location is great, it's right across the street from the Hilton San Francisco, easy access to Powell Station for Cable Cars, BART, and MUNI.The room and bathroom were a little cramped for 2 double beds, but this is downtown San Francisco, you're not spending your time in the hotel room. Room was exceptionally clean.Late check-in and luggage storage were handled with great care. Had no issues.Favorite part of the stay? Every evening at 5:00pm there is a Wines of the World reception in the lobby with complimentary wine and beer. Great way to unwind after walking around the city!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>riogrl1
<Content>Great price/location We stayed at the Serrano Hotel for 5 days in March  had a great time in San Francisco. The hotel was close to Union Square (within walking distance), the BART station and the Powell St cable car line. Lots of dining locations to choose from. If you take the BART from the SF Airport - take Powell St north to O'Farrell and head west to Taylor St. We made the mistake of heading east from the BART and walked through the Tenderloin District - not the nicest area, lots of homeless people. All in all, a good place to stay - love the evening wine service in the lobby and the board games available for playing anytime. Take the cable car to the wharf - about 2 mile walk - but it actually takes awhile with the steep hills.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>d.reid11
<Content>Great Start!!! Would go again..... Great start to our honeymoon, were a little worried reading some reviews going on about the area. We had no problems, Yes you might see the odd weirdo but lets face it you can see them anywhere. The hotel was more than expected, the room was very clean and comfortable, and as it was our honeymoon we had asked for a high room and the hotel obliged by giving us a room on the top floor 17th or something like that. The location is handy for everything (Dollar rent a car is right round the corner) and if travelling to San Fran again I would stay in this hotel again. Overall an excelent start to our trip round the USA. Next stop Santa Barbara.5*  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Rose1208
<Content>Serrano was absolutely perfect We have just returned from a trip to California/Las Vegas and San Francisco was our first stop. The Serrano sounded so good on Tripadvisor and it lived up to its reputation.The room was absolutely beautiful, extremely comfortable and clean. In reviews it was said that the rooms were small but we found it adequate and spaceous for our needs. The staff were extremely friendly and it was great to come back to the hotel after a day of sightseeing and be greeted with smiles and the use of your name. So well done all at Serrano, my husband and I will definately be back when we return to San Francisco, you made us feel welcome, special and at home.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Muriel12
<Content>Great Location--Even Better Bed The Serrano is part of the Kimpton boutique chain. All related hotels host evening wine/beer hours in the lobby, which is a very nice perk.Check-in was unbelievably smooth. I had been staying at another Kimpton (Hotel Triton) earlier in the week and checked out at noon before walking the 1/3 mile to the Serrano. I fully expected to not be able to check in, but I had hoped to at least leave my luggage before heading out again. Much to my surprise, I was greeted warmly and given my preferred room immediately.My room was on the 12th floor and had a so-so view east of Union Square. My room was wonderful--decadently comfortable queen sized bed, sufficent armoire and tv, and decent bathroom with bath/shower combo and Aveda products. The rooms aren't large, but you are hard-pressed to find large rooms in the middle of San Francisco. The room was spotless and was immaculately tended to each morning by housekeeping.I'm a member of the loyalty program with Kimpton, which includes a gift upon each arrival. When I arrived to my room, I found a 16 oz. bottle of spring water and a small box of Napa-produced truffles. Very nice touch.The concierge assisted me twice--once to arrange shuttle transportation to the airport and another time to make reservations for my party at a nearby restaurant. Each time, Chad was most gracious and helpful.My only complaint was with room-service from the adjacent restaurant (Ponzu). On my last morning there, I ordered breakfast and was told delivery would take place within 30 minutes. After 55 minutes, I called to inquire about the order since my shuttle was due to pick me up in 45 minutes. I was told that the kitchen was backed up and my order would not be ready for at least another 25 minutes. I emphasized that I had been conveyed different information when I placed the order and that I would need to cancel the order due to my shuttle. Within 5 minutes, I had a knock at the door and my breakfast was ushered into the room. The restaurant manager had delivered it and then told me it was on the house. In spite of the frustration of waiting, I felt it had been handled very well.One final note: many reviewers have commented/complained about the large number of transients in the area. San Francisco is a large city and the Serrano Hotel is located in the middle of it all. Unfortunately, homelessness is a very sad reality of city life in the United States. I did not encounter one hostile transient during my entire stay. I felt completely safe and comfortable (and spent much of my time alone). Homelessness makes much of us uncomfortable--and it should. But it is not a threatening issue that should dissuade visitors from staying in the Union Square area.It's hard to go wrong with a Kimpton property.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ausmap
<Content>Enjoyed the Serrano My daughter and I stayed at the Serrano for 4 nights and thoroughly enjoyed it. The foyer is lovely and the staff were friendly, especially John and Chad who greeted us as we came in, helped with tours and were generally fun. The room was on the small side, but had lovely decor, the beds were really comfortable and the bathroom was very clean. Close to Powell St and Union Square. There were homeless people nearby but they did not cause us any problem.One waitress in Ponzu restaurant was unfriendly at breakfast time, but the other staff were fine.I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>McHenryDad
<Content>Comfortable Room Everything about this hotel was great, except for the food.Room wasn't large, but the bed was very comfortable and the shower was terrific. Bathroom is small but they've at least tried to make some counter space. Hotel was for quiet, except for the high pressure window spraying at 6:30 am. Lobby is beautiful. I checked in very late on a Sunday night, curb service was outstanding and front desk was efficient checking in (and out.)Only problems were food related: no coffee in room. The service at Ponzu restaurant for breakfast was actually hostile, although we were able to go out into the lobby for the free coffee and bring it back into the Ponzu to drink. Bar is fine in the evening but closes early. However there are other excellent restaurants nearby, and the Hilton across the street has a top-floor bar with an awesome view.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>wpr5
<Content>Lovely Boutique Hotel       room lounge  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TunaSlayer
<Content>Sin in the City This Hotel is a great choice. It is very comfortable, very european and is just plain fun. The hotel is only 4-5 blocks from Union Square and the Embarcadero BART Station. They have a wine and beer hour 5-6PM. The Ponzu Restaraunt attached is great too. Next door is first class wine shop. The only down fall is that is right next to the Tenderloin District, but don't let that stop you. This place is a great value and awesome place to stay in the City. Also check out the lepoard print fun wear in the rooms.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PARIS182
<Content>Unique decor, nice service good location I stay at Kimpton Hotels whenever I can. First because they are pet friendly and I often bring my small dog and second you can always rely on them to be interesting, well appointed and comfortable. I found the Serrano to be no different. An older building it is attractive and has a decor that is unique. The rooms are slightly on the small side, but the beds are comfortable, there is good water pressure and they are are attractively decorated. The toiletries are nice and the rooms are always clean. The staffs are always friendly and helpful and the concierage service extraordinary. As per a previous reviewer I too have found that as Kimpton loyalty member, the Serrano does not always provide the amenities the you are supposed to get, but that said a bottle of warm water and a biscotti (that seems to be the usual for me)is really not missed. But if say you are going to provide something you should.I would definately stay at the Serrano again, in fact I am booked for this upcoming weekend. As far as the location is concerned I never felt unsafe and it is close to Union Square and Powell Street  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bon_voyage79
<Content>Good (not great) hotel if you can catch a deal on Priceline First, let me say that overall, this was a good hotel. The room was cute. It was in a good location and I would stay here again (if I can get it for $80 on Priceline, but I would never pay $200 for the room that we got). Okay, so the hotel's website is pretty misleading. Let's just say that the hotel hired an excellent photographer. The lobby and rooms look many times larger than the actual size. We just decided to pretend that our room was a bedroom, not an actual hotel room and it felt a little better. There was just enough space to walk around the bed and that was it. That said, the room was cute, very cozy and comfortable. Things weren't quite as nice as the pictures - the bedskirt was pretty rumpled and the windows were pretty dirty - but it wasn't horribly objectionable, just not what I had been expecting. Service wise, it was mixed. We arrived early, around 11 a.m., and we were able to check in at arrival and were given a room on the top (17th) floor. Yay! However, strangely, later in the day when we were returning from shopping we saw some sort of employee exiting our room. Seemed kind of wierd considering we were already checked in and it wasn't really time to start cleaning the room. We called and then went to the front desk to try to figure out what was going on. They kind of blew us off, but eventually decided that it was somebody checking the minbar. Hmm...that's the first time, I've seen that, but whatever. Also, unlike other reviewers, nobody happily greeted us upon entrance and exit. Not a big deal, but I think we were expecting a bit more of a pampering atmosphere, and it was more like self serve. In regards to location, it was conveniently located close to shopping and the BART and MUNI. That was very nice and worth quite a bit. As others have said there is a major homeless problem in the area. Normally, I can just ignore them and keep walking but this past trip was a different experience entirely. I was followed, called a [--] and had objects thrown at me. Not entirely pleasant, but I just tried to brush it off. Afterall, it makes a good story. And a side note, in regards to the oft mentioned Dottie's Tru Blue Cafe, which is about a block from the hotel. So NOT worth it. We waited in line for about an hour and a half for breakfast. The experience was interesting I guess...I mean how often do you get to watch crack heads pacing back and forth in front of you or see a drug deal on the corner? The food was good, but not great and definitely not worth the wait. Personally, I would have been just as happy with a muffin from Starbucks.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JMoyer
<Content>Tres Boutique When proffered about a hotel, boutique usually means old, small and dated. That pretty much sums up the Serrano. Add to that the neighborhood where homeless people play dice just outside the hotel entrance, and you get a less than satisfactory stay for the price.It is not a bad hotel really, but I would definitely not recommend it either. If this were a discount hotel, I would say forgive the problems and give it a try. The beds are comfortable and the staff is friendly. It is certainly adequate. It is just far from luxurious.If you are from Europe, you will be very satisfied with the room sizes. If you are used to U.S. hotel room sizes, you will be extremely disappointed. The bathroom was so small, I kept bumping my head and other body parts just turning around in it. I would complain about the size of the bedroom except that I visited a different room that a collegue was staying in and in comparison to his my room was downright spacious.They have free internet access, which is wonderful. However, despite supposedly being high speed, the speed I got was far closer to dial up. The TV was good however. They actually had quite a few channels.This has been a somewhat rambling review. The bottom line is that at the regular price, this is not the hotel for you. The rooms are clean but small and the location is on the edge of a very bad section of town. If you somehow get a bargain discount, it might be worth it. Just go into it with an open eye.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>3	1	2	1	4	4	4	2	

<Author>briannanana
<Content>Perfect! We'll be back. My boyfriend and I stayed at The Serrano for 4 days and 3 nights on a holiday weekend. We were immideatly greated by the bellman by we've been waiting for you, what took you so long? (in a friendly joking manor mind you). And for the next three nights, the same bellmen greated us with Hello Fresno after telling him where we were traveling from once. The next morning when we were asking for directions, the person at the check in counter challeneged us to a game of 21, we beat the dealer and got 2 complimentry breakfests at Ponzu. The rooms are perfect size, if you're expecting a giant hotel room that isn't old then your in the wrong city, everything in SF has charm. The hotel seemed revamed and was EXACTLY as the websites pictures showed. The sauna on the LL and fitness room are open 24/7. The hotel is about 3 blocks away from bart, trollys, and union square. Perfect location. And we did walk around the hotel at night, it's a large city people you will see bums in ANY area! We booked the hotel through a time share but I would 110% pay full price and definately stay here again!!!!!!!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>babydds1
<Content>Repeat customer disappointed this time... Stay Monday, Feb. 4 - Wednesday, Feb. 6, 2008This was my fourth time staying at the Serrano (3 times in 2007, 1st time in 2008). We have kept coming back because the experience is fun, and because as return stayers there is such a nice welcome back. Not this time...The bellman is great, friendly, he knows who you are just by teling him where you are coming from. At check-in we were asked if this was our first time staying at the hotel. I told the man that this was our 4th time, and asked if our Kimpton In-Touch loyalty number was attached to our reservation in the computer (I thought maybe it was not showing up in the computer that we were return customers because the loyalty number was not attached to the reservation). He said that our loyalty number was attached to the reservation.We proceeded to the room. In the past, there has always been a nice note and some treats (cookies, drinks, small bottle of wine) in the room welcoming us back as loyal, returning guests. There was nothing there. I thought maybe something would be coming later. Nope...nothing. So, again, I thought maybe our number is really not attached to our reservation. The following morning I went to the front desk and let them know that we usually have a little something waiting in our room as in-touch loyalty members, and nothing was there, so I just wanted to double check that the loyalty number was in the computer. The woman checked and just simply said Yes, it's there. I guess I have been spoiled, but I was disappointed that there was nothing waiting for us, and no special welcoming feel this time. We were going to head out for the day (around 8 am) and got some change from the front desk. The woman then said she would try to send up something for us, inquired where we were from, made small talk. I thought that was nice and we would have something when we get back. Nope! When we returned, the room was clean, but no goodies were there.Got back around 2 pm and took a nap. Was awoken with a knock at the door at around 4 pm. A woman handed me a bottle of water and a little box with 2 chocolates...not exactly the same touch as before.At check-out the next morning, the same woman at the front desk who the previous day looked in the computer for our loyalty number asked me if I wanted to sign up to join Kimpton In-Touch. I told her we are already members, is the number not there? (She just checked on this for me the day before) She said, oh yes, the number is here. She asked us if we have stayed at the hotel before. I told her this was our 4th visit. The hotel was not busy at all, so I was confused as to how so many staff members at the front desk didn't have a clue about anything.I booked the reservation though the Kimpton website after logging in with my loyalty number, so I was expecting to receive all the perks that go along with that. Instead, I felt like we were treated as if we booked through Priceline or something (I should have done that--I would have gotten a better deal, and the same service).I am normally not a complainer--but I definitely feel like the experience for the return customer is different now than it was in the past. I think the front desk needs some help. There are lots of hotels in SF Union Square and the reason I would return to the Serrano was consistent service where I felt they recognized repeat customers. Even with me giving them many hints, they still did not get it. I was not impressed this time, and I think it is time to try some different hotels when we go to SF.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	2	2	3	

<Author>chicagotravelling
<Content>would not go back seemed like a decent place until I tried to go to sleep... there was what sounded like a highschool party going on in the room next door, called front desk at midnight and no answer? called again later and they sounded as if this was a regular occurence and not appologetic. the building itself is old and makes a lot of noise, plumbing and heating was rather loud, and could feel what seemed to be broken tile underneath the carpeting. Not a terrible place but one of the worst nights of sleep I have had while away from home in quite a while.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Maddy76
<Content>Loved Serrano Hotel, San Francisco Booked the room the day before using Priceline, sight unseen. Paid $70 (plus taxes). Hotel was exactly what was pictured on the Internet, staff was extremely friendly and upbeat. Serrano is a boutique hotel, which would usually mean old and small, but we found it extremely charming, quiet and very clean. It was located within walking distance to Union Square. I would stay there again! Also recommend the Taylor Street Coffee Shop, just a few doors down! Excellent breakfast, great value, quick service! Recommend parking your car across the street to save a little money ($40 for valet, $30 for do-it-yourself).  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>princesscat
<Content>Wouldn't recommend       View from room  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	3	2	4	3	3	

<Author>Mtabakman
<Content>Don't Worry, Stay Here! Overlook the spotty neighborhood and try this fantastic hotel! Excellent greeting on check-in, lively atmosphere in the lobby (and free drinks in the evening!), and a comfy room too. Just avoid going any further from Union Square than the hotel's Taylor Street address.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	5	5	5	

<Author>carfaxdave
<Content>A Windy Long Weekend in San Fran My wife and I stayed four nights at the Serrano Hotel in San Francisco from January 3 to 7, 2008. We had never stayed at the Serrano Hotel before, but since it is part of the Kimpton boutique hotel chain that my wife and I enjoy, we thought that we'd give it a try. I booked our King Deluxe room via the Kimpton website for $126 per night (plus tax), a rate that I thought was very reasonable for downtown San Francisco.We arrived Thursday night at 10 pm during the worst winter storm of the season (our flight from Canada was delayed 3 hours due to the storm conditions in San Francisco). Unfortunately, after a long trip getting to San Francisco, we did not get the warm Serrano Hotel welcome advertised on many web pages and websites. Don't get me wrong, everyone was decent to us, but there was no offer of a game of 21 to upgrade our room (as mentioned in the bedside book in our room), and the concierge desk person was less than enthusiastic when I asked about any half-decent places to eat on a late Thursday evening in the immediate area (we had missed dinner due to the flight delay).Speaking of the immediate area around the Serrano Hotel, it is less than upscale. In fact, the neighbourhood, despite being only two blocks from Union Square and kitty-korner to the San Francisco Hilton, is what one might call Transitional. That is, by day the neighbourhood is okay, but come darkness, the streets are taken over by homeless people and panhandlers. Furthermore, the streets in the area are very dark, lacking sufficient municipal street lighting. Some people may find the idea of walking alone at night too scary to try...As for the Serrano Hotel itself, it is a three star property (based on the five star scale). Some websites refer to it as a four star property, but it is not! The lobby is nice and clean, with a feeling of the roaring 20s. Our room, a King Deluxe, was also clean and contained the blessed Kimpton King Size bed (there are no Tall Rooms at the Serrano Hotel). As always, we had excellent sleeps in the Kimpton bed, but our room was extremely small with a very plain and basic bathroom. We can only hope that one-day the Kimpton people will hear about flat screen Plasma and LCD television, and start installing 42 inch sets into their hotel rooms instead of the small 20 year old television sets they currently utilize. Other than our first night when we enquired about a local place to eat, we found the staff to be quite friendly, with many staff members going out of their way to say hello to us or to ask if we needed help with anything. The various concierge staff were excellent at arranging dinner reservations and taxis for us, while the cleaning staff did an excellent job of keeping our room clean and tidy.Overall, we rate our Serrano Hotel experience as okay, but not quite what we have come to expect from Kimpton properties. If one must stay in the Union Square area, then the Sir Francis Drake, also a Kimpton property, would be a much better choice. But our favorite Kimpton San Francisco area hotel remains The Argonaut Hotel at the corner of Jefferson and Hyde on Fisherman's Wharf. For just a few dollars more, The Argonaut Hotel is in a far superior class to the Serrano Hotel, and at The Argonaut Hotel you get the bonus of staying in an area of town that is fun, safe and filled with excellent tourist and eating options.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	3	4	3	

<Author>texasgirl3
<Content>Loved the Serrano! This small boutique hotel provided us with the very personal service (How are you today, Mr.  Mrs. H?) that makes you feel special. We were upgraded for free for our honeymoon. The executive suite is lovely, with large jacuzzi tub, lots of granite tile, and antique furniture. Beautiful lobby, very clean room, and pretty, cheerful decor takes away from the drab rain of the city, and is so much nicer than the generic big-box hotel rooms. Great firm mattress, fine linens and down duvet. Prompt attention to small problems or requests. Concierge got us into a great nearby restaurant (John's Grill) at the last minute for NYE. Ponzu restaurant (attached to hotel) was excellent for a romantic dinner (try the lemongrass steak and fried rice)! Top-rated Dottie's Cafe is just around the corner, and worth the wait for breakfast (awesome berry torte). While the hotel is on the edge of the Tenderloin district, we never felt like we were in an unsafe area, although there are many street people everywhere in SF, it seems. You are only 3 blocks from Union Square shopping, cable cars, etc. Other perks: free ethernet connection, mini-fridge, in-room safe, nice large LCD TV, free games to borrow from the lobby, free evening wine tasting. One caveat: the lobby was quite chilly from the frequent blasts of cold outside air whenever the door opened.One other word of warning--its true, Alcatraz tours sell out a week ahead, so buy tickets ahead or you'll be paying more to get them from a scalper or broker.You really don't need a car with all the transportation options, but the one day we rented a car to drive a little farther out, we took advantage of the free valet parking for hybrids (otherwise valet is $40, and garages nearby are 25-30/day). Would absolutely return here on our next visit to SF!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>worldwalker2008
<Content>First Class experience We stayed at the Serrano for 4 nights, from Dec. 14-18, 2007. We booked this hotel as part of a flight/hotel package on Travelocity at a very reasonable price and found it to be one of the few hotels that have an almost perfect rating on TripAdvisor and Travelocity's rating system.Well, we were not disappointed! Serrano is a 4 star hotel amenities wise, but a 5-star in terms of service, overall quality of the facility, cleanliness, location, etc. Highly recommended!Some specific points people might find useful:- Parking if you have a hybrid is free (COOL!) Otherwise, parking is VERY expensive at and around the hotel. Better to take transit or a shuttle to the hotel and rent a car by the day. Car rentals are within 1 block of the Serrano. Cheapest way to Serrano from SFO is to take the BART from the airport right to the Powell station. From there it is a 5 minute walk to the hotel. $5.15 one way per person and 30 minutes. Easy. - Serrano is part of the Kimpton managed chain. It is owned by someone else, but Kimpton does a superlative job managing it.- the hotel is located just 3 small blocks from Union Square, so is very central to the good stuff of downtown, the cable cars, nob hill, shopping, Chinatown, etc. The hotel is central to all the walking areas. I love to walk so this was important.- from 5-6pm the hotel hosts a complimentary wine hour in the lobby, which is very nice.- the rooms are spotless, well maintained, up to date, and quiet. - we booked a King deluxe and when we got there, we negotiatted at the same price for a queen for 2 nights and a suite for 2 nights. Both were excellent. The suite had a 2 person jacuzzi. Both rooms had views of the city from the 11th and 10th floors respectively.- the theme of this Kimpton hotel is games (literally) and they have a range to borrow. We saw only a young family buying into the theme and we did, but it is a nice touch that separates the Serrano from the competition and makes it more personal and fun.- the business center has big screen computers and free internet access. Free internet comes with every room too. The fitness room is bright and clean, but small. There is a dry sauna. Nothing special in this area, but people were using it. There are more expensive boutiques and the Serrano is more a boutique than a big hotel, but it is impressive in that it delivers a really great stay for a reasonable price. We will be back.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>GTGUsa
<Content>Great place to stay My husband and I stayed here for our honeymoon this summer. We had a wonderful experience. We didn't have a ton of money to spend but we still wanted to have a nice place to stay. After reading reviews and looking at rates we picked the serrano hotel. The decor is beautiful and the hotel and room was very clean which is important to me. The bed was super comfy and we had a great view of the city out the window. The room was small but that was what we expected. The bathroom in our room was a nice size and the water pressure was great. The location was the best part, within walking distance to everything! The doormen were always helpful whether it be asking for directions, hailing a cab, or just saying hello. Same goes with front desk staff. There are homeles people in the area but that is just a reality in such a big city, and they were everywhere in SF, not jsut near the hotel. Ate at Ponzu. Food was good, but pricey. We had a wonderful time throughout our stay.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>theycallmeuma
<Content>Great hotel, great location, great staff!       Bathroom area  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AlecCampbell
<Content>Great location and high standards Booked the hotel through Hotelopia as there was a great rate for a 4 night stay that brought the cost of this hotel down to just over æ‹¢50 per night for 2 people. Breakfast was not included but that was no problem as the hotel is situated one block away from the fabulous Pinecrest Diner (recommended) and Lori's diner which both served excellent varied breakfast menus. The standard room (double double) is a very good size and immaculate with a good size bathroom, sat tv and minibar. The hotel in general was spotless and the staff friendly and I cannot fault it. The location of the hotel makes it ideal for getting around and the trams for all the routes you need are close by. The major shops you need are all within 2 blocks most notably Old Navy, Bloomingdales, Nordstrom, Barneys and a fabulous Macy's are all within ten mins walk maximum.If I visit again and can get the hotel for the same bargain price I would definetly stay here again. For the price it left everything in the same price range standing and made the stay extremely comfortable even if the beds were a bit soft!!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Savannah20
<Content>Charming ! I spent 4 nights in San Francisco with my family, and we all wanted to have a nice hotel / nice location. The travel agent advised me Union Square (fabulous for shopping  restaurants!) and the Serrano Hotel, saying she personnaly spent 2 nights there. Great choice ! the staff is friendly and everybody always had a smile or a nice word during our stay. Warm atmosphere with mediterranean influences (spanish I would say)... Rooms are great size for 4 people in, nice bathrooms, well appointed. They serve morning tea and coffee in the lobby, and even if I don't travel with my doggy, I heard the hotel is a pet friendly... Concierge service is fantastic, always a good address to recommand, and there is an indoor asian restaurant, seems to be a trendy place ! You can walk any direction from here, everything you need is around, and cable car line is just 3 blocks away. I will remember this charming hotel for my next stay in town...!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sheilor
<Content>Give the Serrano a chance I'm actually sitting in my room at the Serrano as I write this review. We've stayed here for the past three nights during our first trip to San Francisco, and we've really enjoyed our stay. When we arrived Saturday night in the pouring rain, our cab was promptly greeted by a doorman with a huge umbrella and a luggage cart. Check in was smooth, and the front desk clerk could not have been nicer giving us maps and a layout of the city. I will admit that the location of this property is on the edge of a bad neighborhood, but the front desk is helpful in telling you where NOT to go to avoid the worst part. Our room is small, but I expected that, so I wasn't disappointed. The bed is super comfortable: fluffy, clean, white comforter and fluffy pillows. The bathroom is marble with a sizeable tub with shower. Water pressure is fabulous. Aveda shampoo, conditioner and lotion is a nice touch. Towels are soft and monogrammed with an S. The one problem with the bathroom is that you can't really sit straight on the toilet since it is so close to the wall.Cheetah bathrobes hanging in the closet and the toys and games they have in the mini bar area are just a fun idea. I goofed off with the etch-a-sketch for a while and my husband is still threatening to walk the dog with the yoyo. There is a safe and free internet access (wired, not wireless) and the items in the mini bar were not as ridiculously priced as some I've experienced in the past. Really good coffee is available in the lobby from 5am to 10am, and we didn't make it to the wine/beer reception, but they have that daily from 5 to 6. We got in late and ate dinner at the attached restaurant, Ponzu which was pricey but good with average service. All in all, it's been a really great experience. Every time we come back in, we're greeted with, Welcome back! and we've been happy to be back.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>balbacm
<Content>great hotel we really enjoyed this hotel. it is quite charming and friendly - great, very helpful staff. Good location, walking distance to union square. For the price we paid, however, the rooms were VERY small and cramped, even for a two night stay..  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AussieLinda
<Content>Wonderful hotel The hotel wasn't in the greatest of areas, however I learnt fairly quickly which directions to walk from the hotel, and which directions not to go. The hotel itself is absolutely wonderful, with the best service I encountered in my month in the US. I had a corner room on the 12th floor with lovely views. The decor was beautiful and the bed was the most comfortable I've ever slept on. The bathroom was small however as I was travelling alone, it wasn't a problem. The wine in the afternoon was a wonderful touch and I was pleased to see that it was Australian wine! I would defintely stay here again and I've also recommended it to all of my friends.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>EssexMichael
<Content>Great location, great service This hotel is in a great location for the good shopping of San Francisco, and is only a few blocks from the famous cable car. it also is very close to the subway and streetcar to access other parts of the city. There are many restaurants close by.The hotel is very welcoming, and the free wine hour every day goes down a treat. The room had everything I needed but felt a little small (quite common in San Fran). Although an old hotel it has been refurbished with modern rooms, with very small bathrooms, and also has a nice gym area.I would recommend this hotel for people wanting to stay where the action is with great access to Fisherman's Wharf.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Fatherof3
<Content>Very Surprised Good Hotel When in SF I usually stay at either the Marriott or Hilton. Both hotels just mentioned were booked and we ended up at the Serrano....I was prepared for the worst. Boy was I mistaken. Upon entering they have a very nicely done lobby...they were serving wine and beer free to the guest of the hotel...nice touch...also this is done daily from 5pm to 6pm. Check-in was routine and headed to my room on the 8th floor. I had a corner room. Upon entering it was clean and updated....not very big...but your in the wrong city if you plan on staying in your room too much...there is much to do in SF. The bathroom was clean and the shower head was at least 8ft up the wall.....I notice these things because I am a mid 6 footer.....and great water pressure by the way. I never ate in the hotel....too many great restaurants to go to. Be sure to eat at Dotties when in SF....it is just around the corner to your right....up 1 block on Jones street. Look at Trip Advisor comments about Dotties True Blue Cafe....its a great place to eat. When returning to SFO I will definitely keep the Serrano in mind.....very pleased with my stay.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>anectine
<Content>very nice hotel Very nice hotel, great room, small bathroom. Very nice staff. Bed and linens excellent, close to everything but questionnable neighborrood...  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Soon2BEmptyNester
<Content>Great place to stay in San Francisco We stayed at the Serrano from Oct 4-9, 2007. It was a very enjoyable experience. The staff was so friendly. We had a room with a great view as we had requested, and when we got back to our room after dinner on our first night there was a personal note from the manager along with a small box of chocolates, bottled water, and juice. Anytime we needed anything, from extra hangers to towels, they arrived within 2 or 3 minutes! Also, the bell man was so nice to arrange a taxi for us (without us asking him to) at 4:45am on our last day as we had a very eary flight out. We also had fun at the wine hour each night.The only downside to the room was the bathroom. Like other reviewers have said, there is no place to put anything in the bathroom.The location was convienent . You didn't want to walk down Taylor street, but taking O'Ferrall over toward Union Square area was just fine. Also, between 7-9am the hotel has a complimentary Town Car that will take you anywhere you want to go-FREE! They took us to the Ferry Building to catch our Wine Tour to Napa Valley.Overall, it was a very enjoyable place to stay and we would stay there again!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Northcutts
<Content>It did the trick! Clean and Comfortable...but a little cramped. This hotel stay was offered in return for attending a timeshare presentation at another location...ugh! But for an hour and a half of our time it was worth it. The hotel is not in a very savory neighborhood (The Tenderloin for those who know), but it is very close to Union Square and there are lots of hotels around there so it is not likely that you will encounter much trouble. It is in the theater district, and near Nob Hill, SoMa--long story short it is pretty convenient to get just about anywhere in the downtown area and it is near Muni (bus/streetcar) lines that will take you further out towards Golden Gate Park, Haight/Ashbury, etc. This old building has been lovingly transitioned into a perfectly lovely hotel. Nice fixtures and furnishings. Clean. Nice staff. Valet parking is free for hybrid vehicles, but others needing parking might want to try the big garage directly across the street for cheaper parking than the hotel valet offers. We actually took Bay Area Rapid Transit from the Oakland airport, got off at Powell St., and walked to the hotel from there). We did not go to Ponzu (the hotel restaurant), but it seemed to be hoppin' and seemed to draw more than just hotel guests. There is a lot of good food in the area though so that is certainly not your only option. Our room was a double with two queen beds--it was small but comfortable (2 adults and a 3 1/2 year old) and nicely appointed. It was also quiet!!! The bathroom was tiny but nice as well. The leopard print bathrobes were a fun touch. Plush towels, nice linens, ipod dock/clock radio (did not work but was quickly swapped out when they were notified). The room seemed to have the bells and whistles one would want these days...it just was not very big. I would consider staying here again and I think my husband and daughter wouldn't mind either. I am sorry I did not take pix of the hotel--I should have, but their website is representative of what we experienced.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>dublingirlabouttown
<Content>Great Little Hotel! This is a good hotel in a great location. Yes the rooms are small but for the price you cannot expect large rooms. The staff are helpful and friendly. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelLoversRichmond
<Content>Great stay at Serrano!       Serrano Lobby  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TheKwietOne
<Content>Small, small, small! It was just a one-night trip, visiting friends. I had no choice, since it was booked via Priceline the day before.First off the positives in no particular order: IPOD alarm clock, plush bed and linens, tastefully decorated.Lastly in no particular order: Mini frig, even though it's inside the TV armoire, was particularly noisy. The key for the minibar was broken, so I'm not sure an employee or a previous guest ate or drank something. Room was small, even though I seemed to have one of the bigger rooms on the floor, based on the emergency floor plan. My room number was 709 facing O'Farrell. I had a view of the Columbia Hotel (rundown) and a view of the Hilton kitty corner to the Serrano.The bathroom was small. There was no room to place toiletries. I had to use part of the bathtub and the top of the toilet to place toiletries. The toilet location was awkward. You couldn't close the door to use it, if you know what I mean. The shower pressure was excellent.The rooms along O'Farrell don't have enough sound insulation from the road noise below. I can't imagine what it must sound like on the lower floors.Room service selections sparse for a supposed 4-star hotel and you must order between 5-10pm for dinner.The area isn't too bad. Just don't go west or south (Tenderloin). Go north, and you hit Nob Hill. Go east, and you hit Union Square.If you need parking, park across the street at the California Garage for $32 total. It was advertised as $26 with in and out privileges, but there is a 25% tax on parking (RIP OFF). But it's better than paying $44 at the Serrano.What else? The fitness center was well equipped. It had 2 treadmills, a recumbant bike, 2 elliptical trainers, and I think it was one of those ski things. Anyways, the cardio equipment were equipped with personal cable TV's. It had a small area for free weights, had one multi-purpose lifting machine, and a weight bench. It was satisfactory.The business center was pay per use.Check-in was friendly; however, checkout was not after expressing my dissatisfaction with the outside noise on the O'Farrell side of the hotel.Overall, NOT a 4-star. I would maybe rate this as a 3.5 star. I would only stay here, if it was priced under $100 a night.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>livingurdream
<Content>Nice For the Price Flew into Oakland, then took the BART to Powell Station. Walked to the hotel which was about 3 blocks. Checked in, went up to the room, walked in and found it was small for what we reserved, a King Deluxe. Went back to the lobby and the desk person, Artem, was very apologetic. Sent up a bottle of wine and it was there before we made it to the room. Upgraded us to a suite with a huge walk-in shower with stereo and t.v. in it. 7 shower heads, one of which was about 10 inches in diameter. Talk about not wanting to get out. The room was on the back side of the hotel, Room 401, no view which was fine with us because there was almost no road noise. One word of caution, this area is a little iffy. If you're not comfortable with homeless or panhandlers, its probably better to take taxis or stay at Fisherman's Wharf. We rented a car for one day, with a GPS navigator for an extra $12. Best $12 we ever spent. Don't rent a car without one. It's especially great because of all the one way streets in SF. The rest of the days there we used the public transportation. If you don't mind buses, this is a good deal. We spent $18 each for a 3 day muni-pass which allowed us access to all the buses, cables cars, and old time trolley cars. We went all over the city. It took us a little longer, but we didn't have to worry about paying for parking. If you like Thai food, try the Osha Thai Noodle Cafe. It's the best Thai food we've ever had. Corner of Leavenworth and Geary. Two blocks from the hotel and its open late.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>buffyla
<Content>Horrible Experience I recently stayed at the Hotel Serrano for Labor Day weekend, along with my boyfriend and another couple. We had a horrible experience with this hotel and it's staff. We not only made a reservation, but had Pre-Paid it in advance. We originally booked 1 room with 2 double beds. We also arranged for a late check-in, since we would be driving up from Los Angeles after work. We had confirmation online, as well as over the phone a few days earlier. When we arrived at the hotel at 2 in the morning after an extremely long drive, we were not greeted by any staff. We then proceeded to check in at the front desk, when the staff member simply looked at us and said, Nope. There's 4 of you, but we only have you down for a single room with 1 bed. We disagreed, and explained that we had Pre-Paid for a double room. We even showed him the itinerary and invoice we had printed online. He just shook his head and said, Nope. He told us that all of their double rooms have been booked. He never apologized, and even got defensive saying that this was not the hotel's fault. He did not try to accommodate us at all for their mistake. When we were about to leave, he hesitantly offered us 2 separate smoking rooms. We definitely did not want to take the smoking rooms, so he then offered a suite..but we would have to pay the difference in price. Why should we have to pay more for a suite after they gave up the room that we had already reserved AND paid for?! So fine, we were so tired, we just agreed to stay in the separate single rooms for that night. The next morning, after talking to the manager of housekeeping, we were moved to a double room with 1 bed and a sofa bed (which we had to call down to the front desk again because we had no blankets/pillows for the sofa bed). For our inconvenience, they also gave us a voucher for a continental breakfast for 2, even though there were 4 of us. Whatever. When we went to redeem our voucher in the morning, their restaurant had closed early without any notice, so we were not able to get our breakfast. Lastly, upon checking out, we noticed that they had charged us an extra $120 for a late check-in! We had already arranged for a late check-in prior, and had already paid for everything in advance, but they still tried to charge us when we were leaving!! Our stay was a complete disaster, and not a single staff member was at all apologetic for their mistakes, or friendly at all for that matter. DO NOT STAY AT THE SERRANO. They treated us as if we were trying to get something for free, when all we wanted was what we had paid for! They did not want to honor our PRE-PAID RESERVATION, and we had to fight to get a mediocre room without paying extra.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	2	3	1	1	3	

<Author>langanti
<Content>Wonderful Hotel This is a wonderful hotel - excellent service from the time of check in till check out. We stayed for 4 days in August and had no problems. Rooms are typical for boutique, but you are there to see the city/area, not to hang out in the hotel room. Very clean, comfortable beds, Aveda bath products. Daily excellent coffee, wine at night. They make you very comfortable and I only paid $140/night, which I thought was an excellent value. I would strongly recommend the hotel - its at the border between Tenderloin and Union Sq, but it was very safe outside and close to the BART.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Millsmom
<Content>Wonderful place to stay I enjoyed my stay at the Serrano. I was there on business and had a wonderful three night stay. The staff was friendly and helpful. I had a suite and both the bedroom and the sitting room were nice sized, and nicely decorated. The only drawback to the Serrano was the bathroom. It was clean, but there was no place to put anything--no counter at all. I had to keep everything in the bedroom on the table and carry in my toothbrush, etc. for use in the bathroom. The restaurant in the hotel is fantastic. Great service and asian fusion fare made from the freshest ingredients. I ate there two nights of the three I was in town. I really like old buildings and converted or restored hotels, and the Serrano is a great example. Every morning there was fresh coffee and every evening a wine reception. One other reviewer said not to turn right--that to the right was the red light district. Respectfully, I disagree. If you turn right, after a couple of blocks you'll find yourself in the tenderloin district--a bit seedy and populated by the homeless. I wouldn't recommend walking alone through the tenderloin--I did it once and decided discretion was the better part of valor. But, I wouldn't worry at all if I were with someone else.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Mitre10
<Content>Nice Room, Poor Service Overall, our stay was fine but the hotel made various promises that weren't met and some of the staff demonstrated really poor customer service. Upon arrival, we could not check in 15 minutes early...and then we weren't able to check in at the advertised check in time...we finally checked in a half hour late, which was somewhat stressful because we had to get to a wedding.The room was beautifully decorated, though small. Our reservation said king room but we were given a room with a queen bed. We had to order extra pillows since we were only given two. I am a member of the Kimpton frequent sleeper program and am suppossed to get some kind of welcome amenity but that never appeared either. The room was extremely quiet, with very little street noise.The worst part of the hotel is breakfast at the attached restaurant. We thought it would be easier to just eat at the hotel, which was a mistake. The staff there provided the worst customer service i have ever recieved at a restaurant in the united states. The food was overpriced and average. We were seated by a huge group of people with several small children. We had to ask repeatedly for coffee and then we had to wait and ask repeatedly for refills. We had to ask repeatedly for a glass of water. Several parties arrived after us, and recieved their menus, coffees, and food before we did. What breakfast place doesn't keep their diners' coffee cups refilled? I could have gotten better service and the same food for $4 at a greasy spoon. There are a lot of breakfast places in the area, so I strongly encourage you to plan to eat elsewhere.Overall, the room was great but the hyped customer service and special frequent stayer's club failed to a high degree. I don't recommend.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>3	1	4	4	5	1	1	-1	

<Author>Bill&Carl
<Content>Great boutique Hotel This a lovely hotel restored to it's former glory after this area went into a long decline and was skid row for a few decades. Now it's around the corner from the theatre district and a couple of blocks from Union Square. It's a block from it's sister hotel The Monaco(which is dazzling) but a bit less expensive. We got the usual warm reception for our dog that is typical of Kimpton properties. Our room was lovely, on the 14th floor. The closet was minuscule but the rest of the room was well decorated with luxury touches and a view of the east bay and roof tops. The evening wine reception from 5-6 pm was fun and we met several lovely people from the US and overseas because of our icebreaker dog. The staff went out of the way to be friendly and helpful. They were professional but unpretentious and seemed to love working there. The 24 hour parking is absurdly expensive ($49.00) but directly across the street is an 24 hour lot with in and out privileges and high end customer service for half the rate. This hotel is close to all the main attractions and transportations. Don't miss the SF museums which are easy to reach via public transport, taxi or car. Favorite neighbourhood is the North Beach and Coit Tower area (wild parrots in the Eucalyptus trees) and wonderful, inexpensive Italian food at the bustling but comfortable Pasta Pomodoro on Market near colorful gay Castro district.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>racprint
<Content>The Most Hospitable Hotel We've Ever Stayed At This hotel is very special. We've never encountered a staff so dedicated to making us feel welcome. No matter what the request, no matter what time of day, they were there for us. And super friendly conciierge service, to the point where they remembered stuff about us that we didn't even know we had told them!!Yes, the rooms are small (many hotels in San Francisco have small rooms), and the bathroom is small. But my wife is quite resourceful. She set up the ironing board to act as another surface to put things on, and we were fine for the whole time.Coffee time in the lobby in the morning is a great time to chat with other people staying at the hotel. I got into some terrific conversations. Location is excellent. Walking distance to most of the theatres, close to all the major bus lines, and a couple of streets away from the cable car line if you are inclined to ride a cable car.The view from our window was excellent.Every day we came back to a very clean room, and the bed (especially made for Kimpton hotels) was amazingly comfortable. Overall, this was a great experience. It was our first time in San Francisco, and if we come back, I would not even consider staying anywhere else.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>S4Snowflake
<Content>Great Wine Happy Hour Great free wine  beer happy hour included with stay --- nice perk! Don't go south -- you'll run into a lot of homeless/sketchy folks. Anywhere else around the hotel is great. Close to shopping (Union Sq) and transportation (Powell St Station). Great deal via Hotwire too.. saved quite a bit of money.Cozy but workable rooms and free Internet. I'd recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>BrownbearBeats
<Content>Charming hotel in an (almost) bad neighborhood We arrived after dark, having driven through Tenderloin, a pretty bad neighborhood which seems to start /stop directly at the street where Serrano hotel is situated. North of the hotel the area is very nice, leading to the main square. However, south/east of the hotel it can get pretty frustrating, having to walk among a bunch of drugged out homeless persons. The hotel itself has a sort of 'games' theme - the lobby personnel will lend you your choice of some 30 board games that the hotel has on stock (some however, are missing a lot of pieces, etc). The rooms are tiny, although the bed is really big and comfortable. Bathroom is also quite small, but is well stocked with nice Avena toiletries. We got an upgrade and a breakfast package - the breakfast at the Ponzo restaurant was however disappointing and I would have not liked to pay for that. All in all, its an OK hotel and the Tenderloin neighborhood can easily be avoided.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>2	3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lindalindalinda
<Content>Displeased with overall experience Had we realized the location of this hotel, we would not have stayed here. Unfortunately we walked through the tenderloin area to get to the hotel after staying a couple of nights at a 5 star hotel. If you are not familiar with the tenderloin area, there are many homeless people there and some appeared to openly be using drugs After walking past a couple of police officers who directed us into the safe area, we got to the hotel. The hotel was not surrounded by great establishments and right next door was a massage parlor.The staff was pretty nice and we checked in. The room was extremely small and the bathroom was very small and not very easy to use. The showstopper for us was the strong smell of bug spray in the room. My husband and I noticed it immediately and woke up several times during the night bothered by it. It was overwhelming. As we have limited vacation time, and were uncomfortable with the location (and the bug spray smell), we cut our vacation short by two nights and got an early flight back. Unfortunately, since we booked through on online travel service, we were unable to get a refund for the last two nights ($440)! But it was worth not having to sleep in a room that smelled like bug spray. And---we were worried---if it smelled that much like bug spray, is there a big problem with bugs?In any event, most of the staff was very nice it was just the size, smell of the room, and location that was a turn off.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>OceanLu
<Content>So charming! My mom and I booked a room here for the weekend of a family gathering and to see a show at the Curran Theatre. The hotel makes a great effort to add charm and warmth to an already-welcoming space; the lobby is filled with comfortable chairs in small groups and low tables featuring classic card  board games. Some here have mentioned the well-attended wine tastings in the evening, but there is also a nice coffee service in the morning. When we returned to our hotel after the play, people were still relaxing around the fireplace with a glass of wine, playing cards. The secret, I think, to this homey feel is the extraordinarily friendly service. Everyone we interacted with at the hotel was helpful and engaging. The room was not huge, but it was much bigger than I had been led to expect from the reviews here - in fact, the room featured a well-sized bathtub. The only complaint I have is that they charge for computer access in the much-publicized business center. For a hotel in this price range, with keycode access to the biz center, it seems insulting to tack on a usage and printing charge. Overall, though, great stay!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	5	1	

<Author>planet-urko
<Content>Unhelpful staff, small room My husband ,two dtrs and I stayed here for 4 nights .The hotel is stylish but its position is rather suspect as adjoining the Tenderloin, consequently it was often a battle to walk from Union Square to the lobby door at night without being approached by homeless,druggies , drunks , itinerant folk etc. A reality check for the kids but all rather depressing after a while .We booked a double double room on a high floor which was quiet and very clean and well furnished but as stated by previous reviewers very small. Once our 4 cases were brought it there was hardly room to get around the beds. The bathroom had insufficient storage / shelving for a mum and 2 dtrs !! There is a bar/ restaurant attached which does great cocktails but this was not very well publicized by reception staff who were polite but not that helpful.My husband left his credit card in a nearby ATM just before we checked out. When he went to pay he realised and had to use my card . He explained to staff what had happened and then spent 45 mins trying to get through to cc company in UK on his mobile to cancel the card , he was very stressed as the calls were being frequently cut off. The reception staff did nothing to help, did not offer him the use of their phone or a private room as he had checked out. Leaving him to call from a very public lobby area.Their attitude seemed to be that the bill was paid so job done  Very dissappointing service , very impersonal ,overall it sullied our view of the place which we thought was slightly overpriced anyway for a boutique hotel .  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	2	5	2	2	5	

<Author>HapptravAZ
<Content>It's ok, but mjuch better in San Francisco Having stayed at multiple Kimpton group hotels over the past 6 to 12 months overall this hotel was a disappointment. The service is fine and the lobby is indeed beautiful, the downfall is the rooms even by San Francisco standards are small. In fact the bathrooms on most cruise ships almost seems spacious as compared to the room. The loo is within 3 inches of the outer wall making using it almost an experience. As with all Kimpton group hotels the rooms are quite comfortable and definitely live up to the boutique standard. The location is also suspect as it borders the start of the tenderloin district. Make sure to get directions when you leave because walking in the wrong direction even a block can lead to a potentially dangerous experience at night.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	2	5	3	4	4	

<Author>Texasbart
<Content>small, but elegant I stayed for a meeting and really enjoyed the hotel.The lobby is beautifully appointed and it was a great location for their beer and wine happy hour. Good organic beer served.The rooms are small, but that is the norm for any hotel with style in San Francisco. I was more disturbed by the size of the bathroom. Very cramped, with toothbrush, etc., fit along the narrow edge of the sink. If not for this I would have given it 5 stars.No breakfast, but good coffee in the lobby and I appreciated the selection of newspapers: SF Chronicle, WSJ, NYT.The beds are all new - they were still in the process of replacing some on the day that I arrived.The airconditioning was a pain. If it gets too cold, and you adjust the temp up, the air never turns back on. I had it at 70, but it went to 76. Twice, I had to turn it off, wait 5 min, and then turn it back on to get it to cool again.The location was great. An easy walk to Union Square and a very good breakfast place less than a block away.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>i-like-vacations
<Content>a charming hotel near union sq My husband  I enjoyed our 3 night stay at the Serrano. Rooms are small, but very nicely decorated. Lobby is nice. Staff were helpful, and always said hello, good evening, etc, as we passed by. Bathroom also was small and didn't have any counter space or shelving, but I could easily ignore it since I enjoyed the complimentary Aveda toiletries. Free morning coffee/tea  Wall St. Jo. were a nice touch. Others seemed to enjoy the evening complimentary wine. There is a public valet parking lot right across the street for $28/day with in/out privileges. We did see sketchy neighborhoods for a few blocks driving in, but I felt safe here, and just didn't walk in that direction. It is only 2-3 blocks from all the shopping in Union Square, Chinatown, and a few more blocks to the SF MOMA. If you are up for a challenge, it is along a very long walk to the Pier . For breakfast, as suggested by the hotel staff, try Dottie's True Blue Cafe (1.5 blocks away, but long line) or Maxwell's (reasonable city pricing for a hearty breakfast).  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>VC1850
<Content>Very nice staff, comfortable rooms I love the Serrano - mostly b/c when I left my cell phone charger in the room after check out, they mailed it to me for free! But the staff was very friendly, nice, and helpful anyway. I stayed here twice in December. It's a boutique hotel, so the small rooms and tiny elevator is to be expected. The decor it a little kitchy, but I like it - it reminds me of Vegas. The restaurant in the hotel, Ponzu, is really good. I highly reccommend it.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>heownby
<Content>Small hotel with small rooms My husband chose this hotel for the price and location for a meeting in May. I joined him for 2 nights. The room was adequate, but small. The bathroom was cramped at best. There was no place to set or hang cosmetic bags, except on a towel rack that was right against the toilet. One had to shut the bathroom door by backing into the toilet or sink. Good things about the hotel was the coffee and tea service in the morning and the wine reception in the afternoon. The staff were all extremely interested in the welfare of all the guests. Friendly, as welll as accomodating. They allowed us to extend our checkout until 1 when his meeting was over. The hotel was a couple blocks from Union Square. The theater district had a number of homeless sleeping on the street. We found a number of small breakfast cafes in the area, trying a different one each morning. All were reasonably priced. The hotel is only about 3 blocks from a Cable Car stop.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	3	4	4	5	4	

<Author>queen-of-tarts
<Content>Loved the Serrano Hotel A very nice experience all the way around. Lobby and common areas arevery attractive. Enjoyed the wine tasting hour in the evening. Had a corner Executive Suite which was spacious and well appointed and tastefully decorated. Staff was friendly and helpful. Everything was really well maintained and clean. Price was very reasonable compared to comparable hotels we have stayed in in SF and other big cities. Highly recommended.  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>in2xtc
<Content>Another great Kimpton hotel My husband and I had a gift certificate for a free stay but I think this hotel is well worth paying for. Check in was very friendly and attentive. As stated in previous reviews, the rooms are small but very comfortable. The bathtub is nice and deep, great for soaking. The afternoon wine reception was fun with red and white wine and organic beer. We had some appetizers and drinks at the attached Ponzu restaurant and were very pleased with the quality and the service. For anyone wanting to rent a car for the day the hotel is right around the corner from the car rental agencies on O'Farrell St. For people who like a great breakfast, the hotel is also only a block from Max's at Geary and Mason and the famous Dottie's True Blue Cafe on Jones.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>michiganmarlon
<Content>nice boutique in america's most fantastic city I just returned from a great weekend stay at the Serrano in downtown San Francisco May 11-14.The hotel is a very cool boutique property, part of the Kimpton chain. It's located in the Union Square West area, about 2 1/2 blocks from the square itself and about the same distance from the Powell Street cable car turnaround and BART/Muni station.The lobby is small, warm and boutique-chic, with ambient music playing in the background and pleasant sitting areas. The staff, from the doormen to the concierge to the front desk people, are warm and friendly, always greeting you when you walk through the door.There were only two elevators, but given that the hotel has only about 200-something rooms on 14 or so floors, that was rarely a problem.My room, a queen, was compact, but well-equipped and the space was well utilized. The Serrano is decorated in a more traditional motif than the modern minimalism that's more typical these days, with quirky light fixtures and an attractive burgundy color scheme.The bed was very comfortable, perhaps a little firmer than I like but that was a minor gripe. The armoire contained the television, minibar and closet, including two faux leopard-skin bathrobes. The bathroom was small, but with an ample shower and tub, and niceties such as Aveda bath products.The room also contained a few offbeat extras, such as a yoyo and mini Etch-a-Sketch. I didn't try the room service from the onsite restaurant, Ponzu, but the menu looked innovative.The hotel offered a daily wine reception in the lobby at 5 p.m., and there was free coffee (of good quality) in the lobby in the mornings.The location was great, close to the Union Square shopping district and lots of public transit - BART subway, MUNI buses and streetcars, and the famous cable cars. (Although you'll spend all day waiting for one at the Powell Street turnaround - best to take the Wharf trolley around to cheesy Fisherman's Wharf and take the cable car from there back to Powell Street). Yes, the seedy Tenderloin is a couple of blocks away, but the immediate area around the Serrano is your typical downtown commercial district, full of restaurants, fast food joints, offices etc etc. Dining options within a few blocks are legion, including a 24-hour Indian restaurant, Thai, Japanese, steakhouses and so on and so on.The Serrano is a nice place to stay in a great, great city. And for $75 a night on Priceline, it was a steal.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>bgosma
<Content>Great hotel, Great location I stayed at the Serrano for 5 days this summer and I had a great time. The hotel is very nice and modern, the room was quite large, and the beds were very confortable. We had free internet access in the room and free coffee/tea in the mornings. The service was very helpful and nice too. When we arrived we asked for a different room and they immediately gave it to us. The location was excellent for sightseeing. Centrally located and with very easy access to everything. We really enjoyed our stay at the Serrano and would definitely go there again if we return!  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Zoezer
<Content>Decent but nothing special Just came back from 5 days at the Serrano Hotel. I chose it for its proximity to the Hilton, as I was attending a conference at the Hilton but prefer to stay at small boutique hotels. I thought the hotel was ok. Service was generally friendly but unexceptional. We arrived in the early afternoon and the first room they gave us was tiny and faced a brick wall. They gave us a much better room (1106) later in the afternoon. The room was small but manageable by SF standards. The bathroom was very small and awkward, easy to bang your elbows on irregular walls. Decor a bit cheesy and uninspiring, although admittedly we prefer modern design. Morning coffee and evening wine reception were good. We got a parking package which was good value. Last time I attended the same conference I stayed at the Adagio which was much nicer. for similar rates Next time I would return to the Adagio, or spend a bit more for the Nikko or Clift. This hotel was fine but just nothing special  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Jetlag1621
<Content>Loved Our Stay On our first trip to San Francisco, we stayed at the Serrano for 3 days April 6th-8th, 2007. The lobby is charming and we loved the nightly hospitality hours with free wine and organic beer. In the mornings complimentary organic coffee and a variety of teas are available free to get you started for your daily adventures. The staff was very friendly and helpful, the rooms were nicely decorated, bed very comfortable, and we loved the robes provided. The room was spotless with a well stocked mini-bar/snacks and in room safe. Through our friend the travel agent, the room rate was great. The location was very close to Union Square and 2 blocks from the cable car. We loved our stay and would definately consider the Serrano again!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fourstar
<Content>Good Location A good location for shops restaurants and bars. The rooms a bit small but clean and with plenty of bath accessories.The restaurant has very limited choice of food, and with wine at 11$ for a glass expensive. lots of eating places close by.5 to 6 pm there is wine hour, not just one glass but as many as you want if you are that way inclined.Generally, not a bad hotel.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>scottie212
<Content>Great Experience My partner I and two kids stayed for six days at this lovely hotel. While in a 'fringe' neighborhood, it is centrally located to Union Square, the cable cars and major public transportation.As far as the hotel goes, it is a lovely boutique and while we knew the rooms were going to be on the smaller size, they were charming, comfortable and well appointed. If you are a family of 4, two rooms are recommended.The hotel staff is helpful, happy and very accomodating in all respects. Skip the hotel restaurant however especially for breakfast since there are many coffess shops withing a block or two of the hotel.We'd definately go back. Games for the kids; wine for the adults and coffeee in the morning all with a happy and helpful staff in an old world decor setting, very in tune with the feel of San Francisco.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Cultured_Jewel
<Content>Overrated And Overpriced! The Serrano is overrated and overpriced. The exterior and interior of the building are old, dingy and overall unimpressive. When I first saw the hotel, I was actually a bit shocked at its nondescript, old looking exterior. In addition, the room was nothing special and the bathroom had problems.On the phone when I was confirming my online reservation, I specifically requested a room on the highest level possible with the best view possible and I received the exact opposite--a room on the 5th floor with the worst view possible of the fire escape and ugly building walls. Hotel staff claimed they never received my telephonic request. What poor service! To compensate, staff subsequently offered to give me a suite for the price of a regular room on my next visit. However, I do not care to stay at the Serrano again. So, that compensation is meaningless.The bathroom was very small and a lot of water leaked from the shower whenever we used it. The bathroom was very old and reminded me of the bathroom in my grandmother's 100+ year-old house in L.A. The location is central and good for walking to Union Square. But, so what! Better hotels can be had in that general area for the same or lower price. For example, I stayed at GROSVENOR SUITES on Nob Hill for a lower price than at the Serrano and was much, much happier with the spacious room, extremely generous closet space and great customer service.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	4	3	1	3	

<Author>Amy_K_Traveler
<Content>Serrano - charming and fun Loved this hotel. I've stayed at the Monoco in Denver and felt this was comparable down to the decor and the free wine in the eveinings, aside from the fact that yes, the rooms are smaller. But as an older, restored hotel, this is to be expected. Given the location and the fact that hotel prices are higher in SFO, I thought it was a great value. The location is directly kitty corner from the Hilton and 2 blocks from the St Francis so I didn't find the location dodgy - it is SFO after all so panhandlers are to be expected. Staff was great, and I will definitely be back!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Catsfan
<Content>Loved the Serrano I recently spent four days with my wife in San Francisco and stayed in the Serrano Hotel.The Hotel itself is very nice and the staff are extremely friendly.It is located very close to Union Square and most of the Downtown Areas.I would have no hesitation in recommending this Hotel.The only downside was the enormous amount of homeless people hanging around within close proximity of the Hotel.The area itself is safe but isnt too far away from a dodgy area of San Fran.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>birches321
<Content>Small but nice. Surrounding area is so-so. Like everyone else says, the hotel room is small. Not small enough that you feel cramped, just small. The bathroom has a small counter, which is already filled up with the shampoo, soap, tissues, and complimentary make-up remover pads and cotton swabs. There is barley enough room to put down your makeup bag or your toothbrush.The bed was very nice and comfortable. The I-Pod clock was a plus, but it was never updated for the time change. The staff was very nice, and the complimentary coffee/tea in the morning was nice to grab on your way out to town.I was not impressed by the breakfast at Ponzu. They did not have a wide assortment of food, nor did they serve ice tea. We had to get up and ask for our check after sitting there for 10 minutes waiting. Ponzu's bar was expensive, but we expected that. Our sever was extremely nice and we had a fun time.The area does have come shady characters. If you smoke, be prepared for a rush of people asking to bum or buy a cigarette from you. If you go down to the BART and hesitate at the ticket machine, someone will offer to help you, but then ask for money.The F-line trolleys are all historic cars, and they will jam as many people was possible into them. Be prepared to be very close to your fellow travelers and watch out for the bumpy ride.We bought the City Pass and it was great. You never need to worry about buying trolley passes (BART not included), and you get tickets to wonderful things like the Blue  Gold cruise and The Aquarium of the Bay. Both are at Pier 39.We parked across the street at the California parking garage and it was $28 a day for hotel guests. I did not see any place cheaper near by, and the staff there was nice, so I would recommend it.We did not get to try the complimentary wine tasting but we did walk by when they were setting up and it looked very nice. Free wine is a plus!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Jean-ChristopheTHIRY
<Content>Fantastic Stay - We always come there We live in Paris, France.We stayed at the Serrano Hotel twice and travel in the US almost twice a year. We have always been received properly by the staff. The hotel is clean and people ready to help. We will stay there again in July 2007 and our romm is booked since several months... just to be sure to be THERE. The location is also great (5 minutes walk to get Union Square...).During our last stay we got a corner room located in the upper part of the hotel and we enjoyed a wonderfull view. In the morning you get free coffee in the entrance of the Hotel and there is a wine tasting session late in the afternoon. Frankly speaking we do not even read reviews related to other hotels....  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>MulberrySt
<Content>Enjoyed Stay at The Serrano We spent five nights at The Serrano in March 2007 and enjoyed the entire experience. The room was clean, well-equipped, with quirky touches (such as a recycling bin, yoga cd and so on).Each evening, there is a wine hour, which is a great opportunity to meet other people; similarly, tea/coffee are available in the lobby in the mornings.The hotel is conveniently located to Union Square and public transport connections. We loved San Francisco and will definitely go back.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>q4quality
<Content>good for tourists, great location  We stayed in a standard queen for 4 nights while on vacation in Feb'07. Good points: Hotel's location is within easy access to Union Square, where you can start your day in great style. Serrano had some really friendly and courteous staff and also offers complimentary wireless internet access.On the flip side, the size of a standard queen room is very average and they are comparatively small for 4-star standards. For SFO city tourists, it doesnéˆ¥æª› matter too much as there is plenty of options outside the room for a quality vacation time, leave alone the colour of carpets or interior wall paintings. Rooms were clean and kept nicely at appreciable standards and we had no problems at all with the room service. Hotel has an integrated restaurant (Ponzu) and offers a selection of oriental mix menu and is definitely worth trying once, though' priced a bit on the high-end. Continental breakfast offered is good but I would suggest skip that after your first day and there are plenty of options in Geary/Post Street a short walk just around the corner towards union square.Overall, quite handy hotel for tourists and of course bear in mind that it offers less space in their standard rooms. I would have given 4/5 had the rooms been bit bigger - otherwise a great hotel offering quality service. Well recommended if the practical aspect of your stay coincides with ours.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Elenita
<Content>Not Kimpton quality After staying at several Kimptons elsewhere, I was looking forward to my four nights at the Serrano. Unfortunately, it did not live up to my previously stellar Kimpton stays (Monaco and Burnham in Chicago; Muse in NYC).Many of my comments echo those of another recent reviewer. The staff, though cordial at check-in, essentially ignored my existence from then on. I was particularly surprised when, on two separate occasions, the doormen suggested that I catch a cab at the hotel on the next block rather than hailing one for me (not fun when it's cold and rainy). Desk space in the room was extremely small for the business traveler, and there is absolutely no shelf/counter space in the bathroom - though this is often true of city hotels. However, the lighting was about the worst I've ever encountered in a hotel - only one lamp on the desk and another beside the bed, leaving the other side of the room completely in the dark. It would have been impossible to read while sitting in the armchair.However, what bothered me most was the condition of my room. The carpet was absolutely filthy, turning my white socks grey in no time. The windows were horribly dirty as well - making me wonder if the place ever received anything more than a very superficial cleaning. This is quite a contrast from other Kimptons, wihch I've found to be impeccably clean. Also suprising was the fact that housekeeping didn't leave any new bars of soap, or replenish other toiletries, or empty water from the ice bucket, during my four night stay.To be fair, there were pluses: the location was great - a very short walk to Union Square and Market Street (Nordstrom/Bloomingdales); several restaurants within walking distance, including two Starbucks within a two-block range. I did not feel at all unsafe walking in the neightborhood. The room was quiet; I did not hear much street noise (though admittedly I was on an upper floor). The morning coffee and evening wine were very nice, and the lobby was as fabulous as it appears on the website (providing a very nice place to sit over coffee).In summary - not a horrible experience, but a disappointing one. I don't plan on staying there again.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dvespa
<Content>Style and Location Best Assets I stayed here for two nights on business travel. This is a stylish hotel and I liked the playfulness of the ambience. Lobby is very nice. Staff (front desk, bellmen) were very solicitous and attentive when I was checking in (late night, slow) but then the same staff didn't even acknowledge my presence the rest of my stay, e.g. open the front door, offer to help with my bags when checking out, etc. I couldn't get a hold of the front desk or operator by phone to set my wake up calls either of the two nights. It's good I brought a little travel alarm. The inconsistency re service was disconcerting. My room was nicely decorated like Kimpton hotels usually are but it was very small. The desk was cluttered with a lot of things (wine glasses, brochures, hotel information, etc.), so my laptop and business files were crowded in. Nowhere else really to put stuff. The room and bath were clean but generally pretty small. I had to put my toiletries kit and make up bag on the floor outside the bathroom since there was nowhere to place them in the bathroom since everything was so small. The one thing besides style that was in abundance was mirrors! Location is a short three-walk block from Union Square - very nice. If you have a car, park in the parking garage across the street for $28 overnight or right next door for a little less (although the latter is often full) rather than using the hotel valet for $44 overnight + tip. Restaurant was not great. Overall the size of the room was inconvenient for me as a business traveler, so I probably won't stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>miss_doyle
<Content>Good hotel, good location I stayed here for a night on 13th Feb 2007, the hotel staff were friendly and helpful and the room was lovely (although not huge). You even get a wooden puzzle to play with if you need to occupy yourself.The location is great and just a couple of blocks from Union Square. It is on the edge of Tenderloin which is hailed by many as being the place to avoid in San Francisco. I was walking through Tenderloin one day and didn't feel at all unsafe, from what I saw it seems to be homeless people milling around that seem to have earned it its 'danger' reputation but we didn't get bothered by anyone as we walked around.There is a nice, helpful, friendly wine store next door too with a good selection of Californian (and further afield) wine, they made us a great recommendation of an inexpensive but really lovely white.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Malcolm64
<Content>A great little hotel My wife and I stayed in the Serrano for a week in early February. It is a well situated hotel with very friendly and helpful staff. The rooms are on the small side (but are nicely done) and the bathrooms are tiny but this wasn't a big issue given the many good points about the hotel. Its location on the edge of the Tenderloin area wasn't a problem either. We walked all around the area and did not have any problems with homeless people. Some of the obviously mentally disturbed ones are a bit scary though. The Taylor Street Cafe is about 50m away and this is a great place for breakfast. A range of rental car companies are also located adjacent to the hotel. We would definitely recommend the Serrano as a well priced and well located hotel in SF.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>ElenaAP
<Content>Nice hotel, not so nice location The Serrano hotel is a quirky, boutique-y place to stay; cute and comfortable with great amenities for a business trip.The staff was courteous and helpful; the paper delivered every morning a nice touch.I was less enthused with the location, which is the up-and-coming Tenderloin area of San Francisco. By up-and-coming I mean it is formerly a junkie hangout area that is largely cleaned up and safe but still plagued by disheveled peoples begging for change.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	4	3	5	

<Author>LNTraveller
<Content>Good Value Hotel Good location, 2 blocks from Union Square and diagonally opposite the Hilton. The hotel has a slightly quirky feel to it, with free wine tasting 5-6pm each day, free tea and coffee every morning and a variety of bathrobes including leopard skin. Nice touches such as Aveda products generously replaced daily and an alarm clock which doubles up as a docking station for your ipod. The hotel is not quite a 4* but certainly far better than a 3*. I would happily return.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>CunningMcFar
<Content>Union Square charm My wife and I had a fun night out in the City just after Christmas (we live in Oakland). We booked a room at the Serrano for a very reasonable $110 (AAA rate), and were impressed with the friendly service and tasteful look of the grand lobby and our room. Yes, the room was on the small side and the windows do not open, but for a night out, we were quite comfortable and pleased. After walking around the Union Square area looking at different restaurants, we wound up back at Ponzu, the hotel's restaurant where earlier we had enjoyed an excellent happy hour with cocktails and small bites. Bartender was great fun. Dinner was absolutely stellar, highly recommended Asian-Pacific fusion in a very stylish setting. Too bad the hotel has raised their rates considerably after the New Year, we will probably not stay again unless we can get a discounted rate. Rack rates here are NOT a good value.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>NWTtravellers
<Content>Great with little ones We brought our 3 yr and 1 yr old to the Serrano for a week in January and it was terrific. Close to the Tenderloin, but safe. Incredible doormen, front desk and housekeepers. Don't know what to do next? Ask a doorman! When I first looked out the window of our room I wasn't particularly impressed by the view of a wallof the Monaco Hotel, but it turned out that facing that way kept things very nice and quiet for bedtime, even on New Year's Eve. If you have kids, Yerba Buena Gardens, maybe 7 blocks away, is the best place ever to shake all the sillies out before or after a day of galleries or shopping. Our sone is still talking about 'spitting hippo park'.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kimptonman
<Content>perfect for couples perfect in every way.my wife and i are very picky travelers. we stayed 4 nights in the Serrano in December right before the Holidays and it was everything we wanted. the staff was very helpful...i had an Xmas package for my wife sent there before we arrived...the name on the package was messed up but they still held it and were very helpful. the room was great, not huge but great and comfortable and romantic. very comfortable bed and pillows and a great view. good fitness center. the wine hour from 5-6 nightly is cool. park right next door in the parking garage for $18/day-cash only. no worries on the location in the Tenderloin district...it is completely safe...believe me i wouldn't stay there if it were unsafe. i even went out at night to get something to eat and it was fine...i would recommend staying between the hotel and union square...it's a little sketchy the other way...but not scary.breakfast is perfect at the Crepe restaurant 2 blocks up the hill on the right corner at Post i think...great food and inexpensive...$12-16 for 2 people. the oatmeal is great. also try Mason Cafe-mid block- 1 block over toward Union Square...service isn't 100% but it is quiet, great food, and good prices...$30 for 2 people.the hotel's restaurant also has good food and service. we had 20 minutes to eat and drink before going to see a jazz show at Yoshi's in Oakland. we told the host/waier and they got us our food and drinks in a snap...it was a bit early and there weren't any people there so that helped but they were still very nice. cafe bastille has great food and outdoor seating. they also have two other restaurants on both sides with outdoor seating. the whole street is a cool place to be at night for dinner.if you are into live jazz...go to Yoshi's in Oakland. good food...mediocre service...great music and a great scene. get there a little early and eat there.if you are an architecture fan...walk up to St. Mary's chapel...just 8 blocks from hotel Serrano opposite from Union square. it is a beautiful cast-in-place concrete structure by Pierre Luigi Nervi. The De Young is pretty cool as will be Piano's museum across from the De Young (under construction Dec. 2006). Golden Gate park is totally beautiful. Libeskind's jewish museum is also under construction by Yerba Buena gardens. should be complete late 2007 or early 2008. We had a view of Morphosis' building for the state of california out of our hotel window. it is in a seedy area but worth the visit (under construction Dec 2006). also visit frank lloyd wright's small gallery on Maiden Lane just off from Union square to the west i think...brick facade with an arched entry...on the block with all the swank shopping. it is a cool gallery, all original architecture, finishes, lighting, etc.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>JB_and_KB
<Content>Felt like a kid again Our family of four had an enjoyable overnight stay at the Serrano last night. We have stayed in many hotels in the city, and were anxious to stay at the Hotel Serrano after watching it featured on Great Hotels with Samantha Brown. We had an executive suite for the four of us which was freshly decorated and bit too cozy with the pull out sofa. We literally had to crawl over our kids to get to the bathroom at night. The gaming theme is fun and we literally spent hours as a family playing various games in the lobby or the room. The wine hour was a nice treat! This hotel does reside on the border of the Tenderloin and you will be approached by the homeless if you head out of the hotel on foot.. We never felt unsafe though. The one mistake we made was parking our SUV in the valet parking, only to note the $55 charge on our bill the next morning! We later discovered that there are two covered garages with in/out priviledges adjacent to the property at half the price. In fact, the hotel parks their cars in one of them. Pull up an extra 20 yards on Taylor St. if you want to save $25. Overall, this was a fun hotel and we would stay again.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Mowgus
<Content>Can we move in? We (a thirties something couple) loved this hotel. We were staying at a few places in California and this was, without a doubt, the best place we stayed. The room was spotless, the staff were helpful and very friendly and the location was great. It was close to shopping, cable cars, and restaurants (two or three blocks) and our 8th floor room was nice and quiet. If you're going to San Fran for the first time I recommend staying here and getting a Muni pass for transit. Transit is everywhere, frequent and very convenient. I don't recommend having a car in San Fran simply because parking will cost you $30+ a night at your downtown hotel. If you're arriving to San Fran via rental car I recommend you drop back to the rental car place downtown. Then just rent another one when you leave.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Love2travel_495
<Content>Liked the Serrano We stayed at the Serrano from Oct. 26-29. We liked it. When checking in, we were greeted by friendly people. We arrived early and were given a room right away. Unfortunately, we asked for a King size bed so we had to wait for one to be available. The rooms were small but clean. I knew ahead of time so it was no problem. We didn't spend much time there anyway. It's close to a lot of things, we walked just about everywhere. Conveniently located to the BART system, the cable cars, shopping and food places.There was some wear and tear on the room but it didn't bother us. The drapes had a tear in them and the bathroom door was a little dented but no big deal.Like the wine reception and coffee in the morning. We ate at the hotel restaurant for breakfast one day. The food was great!All in all, if you don't like boutique hotels, don't stay here. But if you do, I highly recommend it!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>aboutwalking
<Content>Enjoyed the Serrano Our stay coincided with Fleet Week in Oct., 2006, so the city was packed. We wanted a 2-bed room, which seem to be hard to come by in downtown SF. Our room was small but nicely appointed. We liked the bathrobes. We were on the top floor and had a nice view.I enjoyed the wine reception each evening and the coffee in the lobby in the morning.It's true that the hotel borders on the red light district, so it is best to walk straight up the street past the Hilton rather than going downhill and angling over if you are walking to Powell. We liked being close to the car rental agencies as we were renting a car at the end of our stay. There are many places to eat nearby, including Indian and Asian.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>danzan
<Content>Serrano a winner We loved the Serrano - great for romantics, business travelers or families. Have stayed in a bunch of Kimptons, and this is one of our favorites. The staff is terrific, and the location is great.A very positive, fun experience - and the rooms are a decent size - while at many Kimptons they can run small.A winner of a call to stay at.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Val_and_David
<Content>Great hotel, lovely staff We stayed here 3 nights at the start of our 3 week holiday in California and I have to say it was one of the most all round best hotels we stayed in. The rooms are on the small side, but quite cosy and romantic and we loved the leopard print robes!. Ours was next door to the elevator and there was NO noise. Great location for Union Square. Staff were charming and helpful and I was mightily relieved when security retrieved my camera from the lobby and handed it to reception. I thought I would never see it again, so thanks for your honesty guys.The complimentary morning coffee and evening drinks reception were a really nice touch and so was the evening visiting 'entertainment, ( a tarot card reader and a masseur). We loved sitting in the extravagantly decorated lobby, curled up on a sofa after a busy day, people watching, drink in hand.We ate at the Cafe next door a (great casual food and same great service) and visited the Monaco round the corner, also very nice. I suspect our stay was much better value and we were made more welcome than at the Hilton directly opposite.I will definitley stay in a Kimpton hotel again - they have got it sooo right!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tc7575
<Content>Serrano in a Shady Area of SanFran Just returned from the Serrano and wanted to point out that it is in a shady area of San Francisco. The doorman told us when we leave to turn left and not right. Red Light district to the right.If you have a choice stay in the Fisherman wharfs area or inUnion Square. Also, bathtubs were very European and hard forSeniors without a handicap bar.Otherwise, trip was very educational and enjoyable.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	1	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>ReginaReenie
<Content>2 Canadians loved their visit to the Serrano We visited the Serrano for 5 nights in August of 2006. It was our first time at a Kimpton hotel and if we can afford it, we will certainly stay at Kimpton's in other cities in our future travels. The Serrano has so much character. It has been beautifully restored/maintained and is very clean. The staff were very friendly and helpful and we met a number of other guests and the manager at the complementary evening wine receptions. Other guests have commented on the proximity to the tenderloin (a less 'upscale' area of SF). I must admit that had me worried a bit prior to our arrival, but we felt safe walking to both union sq area and the fisherman's wharf area from the Serrano. The proximity to all we wanted to do in SF was exceptional. Interestingly, the Hilton is kitty corner from the Serrano - and one wouldn't often think of a Hilton being in a rough area.....Our room was very quiet (I took someone's advice and requested a room away from the elevator) and very clean. I know a number of guests have commented on the small bathroom - but how much room do you really need and I'd much rather it was clean than large. Around the corner (.5 block) on O'Farrell are a number of car rental places, so take everyone's advice and only rent a car for the days you want to travel outside of SF - as the parking is VERY expensive. Just as an FYI, the cable car line ups at both Union Sq. and at Fisherman's wharf are REALLY long.... So, listen to the advice of the locals and catch it at a stop along the way and save yourself some time and energy. It's one of those must do tourist things...SF is a great city to visit. We hope to return and would most definitely stay at the Serrano again if we do. Enjoy and I hope you find this helpful.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gourmet_two
<Content>Central Serrano Good reviews on Trip Advisor led us to the Serrano Hotel where we spent three nights in July. Upon our arrival, the doorman was very friendly as was the reception staff. The lobby decor is really ornate 'Casablanca' style, which is also reflected in the rooms. Our room was rather small but adequate, bathrobes hanging in the closet. The bathroom was a bit small too (no shelf to put your things) but had lovely Aveda products.There was a room safe and fridge but tea and coffee making facilities would have been good even though this is available in the lobby in the mornings only. The hotel puts on a free 'happy hour' at 5pm each night in the lobby and it was good to see people mingling and chatting. The concierge was extremely helpful, nothing was too much trouble. The hotels location is only two blocks away from Union Square and Powell Street which was really handy. Shopping, shopping everywhere! The only down side would be that it is on the edge of the Tenderloin district which is very seedy, having said that though, the Hilton Hotel is directly across the road. There is a great little cafe down the street, The Taylor Street Cafe where we had a great breakfast for about $6 each. There were plenty of good restaurants around and the subway system only a short walk away. We got the BART rail system to and from the airport which was only $5 each and fantastic.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AWD
<Content>Pet friendly! Great stay! We chose this hotel for its location and because it's pet friendly. The room and bathroom were very clean and nicely decorated. The room itself was a nice size, never felt cramped. Great location. Every staff member we encountered were very friendly. Will definitely stay here again in the future.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>thecatsmeow
<Content>Really enjoyed the Serrano We have stayed at the Kimptons in Seattle and Portland with our 2 cats and I was thrilled when we got to take a nice long vacation and take our cats with us and stay at a Kimpton in San Francisco. It took me a long time to choose one (they have like 12 in SF alone!), but we had a lovely time and were very happy.Both front desk managers were delightful. We stayed 2 nights and I booked the first night in their standard room and then the relax and rejuvinate package for the 2nd night. The package was a deal!! It was $249 and included a plush bathrobe to keep, an hour massage (for my husband - he did most of the driving) and included the spa suite - A huge room with sitting area (large with big sofa, tv cabinet, desk etc..), bedroom that had curtains to close it off and a HUGE spa tub in a giant bathroom. Yes, the regular rooms are small, and the bathroom is tiny (for American standards), but they are well appointed and very nice. We also had a high floor with a stunning view downtown. The spa suite did not have a good view, but the room was such a treat I didn't care. Our cats LOVED the spa suite and both had a delightful stay too!We skipped the wine reception (1st night we were headed to Gary Danko's for dinner and didn't have reservations, so we wanted to arrive early to sit at the bar - fantastic experience by the way - and then the second night we were too tired). Also, we did not order any of the games from their game menu to try, but it was cool to see that they had a nice selection. Also, did not order food there, we did have a late breakfast at the Monaco (another Kimpton hotel next door) at the Grand Cafe and their food was good. They made a nice plum belini which we both thought was yummy.All in all we liked the Serrano very much, although with so many Kimptons to try next time we are in San Fran we will probably pick a different one for something new!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>american_girl_abroad
<Content>Wonderful stay at Serrano We stayed at the Serrano over the 4th July weekend and loved it. We had booked the room directly through their website, and secured a 'hot dates' rate of $99 per night. We planned to stay in San Franscico for 5 nights as the first leg of our 2-week California stay, so we definitely wanted something not too pricey but hopefully nice. The Serrano definitely fit this criteria. The lobby area of the hotel is interesting  tasteful; I loved the decor of this area (sort of chic vintage Morroccan...perhaps a bit Casablanca-like  old Hollywood), with all sorts of interesting things to look at. The bedrooms had a similar theme and were really quite lovely. Ours was on the fifth floor and didn't have a great view (basically the side of a concrete building) and the room wasn't terribly large, but we didn't spend much time there anyways. Contrary to what other reviews have mentioned, our bathroom was actually quite spacious, although the shelving for toiletries is a little limited (they provided Aveda toiletries, by the way, which was very nice). The tub was fairly deep although I was disappointed because it was a little short for my long legs (I am 5'10)!! The linens on the bed were lovely, I found the bed very comfortable, there was a spacious walk-in closet, terry cloth robes  a huge mirror on the wall by the bed. Although we didn't buy anything (the hotel is less than a block away from a Walgreens), there was a nice selection in the mini-bar.The location of the hotel is actually quite good. Some people have complained about homeless and feeling unsafe, but I think this is a bit ridiculous. This hotel is in a very busy, bustling area of the city, full of shops and restaurants, so as long as you don't stray too far south (and you should be able to tell immediately when you have done so because things start to get shady), you'll be fine. There are always lots of people around, even at night. For breakfast, I would recommend two places: David's Delicatessen (around the corner) and the Taylor St. Coffee Shop (just down the block.) David's is a Jewish deli with 1950's style diner seating, and cooks up a mean set of Fresh Apple Pancakes and Scrambled Eggs with lox...I am getting hungry just thinking about it! But this place is a bit pricey; my boyfriend ate here several mornings with our bill totalling over $30. More reasonably priced (we saved about $10 each time we ate here) is the Taylor St. Coffee Shop. This place is smaller but very friendly. The kitchen is in the open at the front of the restaurant and every member of staff thanked us as we left each morning. My favorite was a super yummy entre of eggs with guacamole, bacon bits, tomato and hashbrowns for $6.99 - great value. Also serve a fantastic fresh OJ. This place has a retro feel with photos of Marilyn, James Dean  other classic stars adorning the walls. But back to the Serrano - I think the excellent staff and the attention to customer service is one of the biggest ways this hotel is a standout. We were ALWAYS greeted by a member of staff upon entering the hotel, and even the staff taking luggage up or downstairs on the elevator were friendly enough to say hello and strike up short conversations. We missed the wine tasting one evening by a few minutes and the concierge overseeing it (didn't catch his name) was nice enough to bring us up our own bottle!!! This hotel has obviously made customer service a top priority and it shows, blowing most hotels I have stayed with out of the water. We would definitely stay here, especially if we secured another 'hot date' rate.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TammyS
<Content>Fun  As soon as I entered the lobby I was quickly and enthusiastically greeted by 3 different staff! The check in was fast and easy- the desk clerk gave all kinds of helpful info about the hotel and the area. Wine hour was fun- people sitting in groups chatting and some even playing games. Had a room on the 17th floor- great view and very quiet! No idea you were in a very large city. Walked home each night after dinner between 10  11 PM and felt very safe. Door men outside kind of watching over everything. The room was comfortable- the bathroom was sort of small- but didn't really spend much time in there!Would definitely consider satying there again!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed the Serrano We just stayed a week at the Serrano and were impressed with the service and the hotel itself. From the location on the edge of Union Square many city landmarks were accessible and and the few that were farther away were easily reached via public transportation. While the rooms are not enormous they were well appointed and extremely comfortable . The staff was both enthusiastic and eager to please.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bostonbound
<Content>not wild about the Serrano Based on the positive reviews and a good rate, my husband  I booked a room for 2 nights over the 4th of July weekend. I knew the rooms were not large and that the bathrooms were tiny. However, I did not expect the disorganization at the check-in desk. We arrived early and decided to see if we could get an early check in. It took 15 minutes for the receptionist to confirm that there were no rooms available yet. We came back just before 3pm (check-n time) and spent another 25 minutes while the receptionist tracked down a room that had been cleaned. The following day we experienced a similar problem. We left at 9am and returned at 3pm only to find that maid service had not yet cleaned our room. She did appear at 3:45 which meant we had to leave the room while she cleaned. Aside from the bellmen, we did not find the staff to be overly friendly. There was coffee and tea served from 7-9am but the urns didn't seem to be replenished often. Both mornings I came downstairs at 8am to find the coffee urn empty.The location is a bit sketchy. I'll give it high marks for being around the block from Dottie's True Blue Cafe. However, it's also on the boarder of the Tenderloin. Needless to say, it's not a great area to walk around after dark.Overall our stay at the Serrano was just OK. We paid $125 a night and basically got what we paid for. With all of the other hotels in San Francisco I caan't really recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>klfcalgrad
<Content>Cramped and Hectic My fiance and I stayed at the Palomar Hotel on June 19th, 2006. This hotel was great, and I recommend it to anyone. It is centrally located 3 blocks from Union Square and is clean and quiet. The Serrano Hotel, by contrast, although also a Kimpton Hotel, was very disappointing. My negative experience began with the reservationist who booked a King Room for us, I doubly confirmed this because I knew that the city was extremely booked at this time. When we checked in, the woman at the front desk was thoroughly overwhelmed and seemed anxious. She was very rushed and curt. Also, when we arrived we found our room to have only a queen sized bed instead of a king, and the room felt so cramped we were feeling clausterphobic as soon as we walked in. The bathroom was clean, in good working order, and had nice ammenities and fixtures but it too felt cramped. The room we stayed in was on the 4th floor and it was rectangular in shape, the foot of the queen sized bed reached the wall, not leaving much room around it. The comforter has loose threads and appeared worn, and the sheets looked dusty and had lint on them. It was extremely noisy in the area from construction and the windows did not block out any of the noise. We immediately called the front desk to inquire, and they left us on hold for so long that the line disconnected, and when I called again, another woman said the original person was on hold with someone else and she would have them call us back. However, we did not receive a call back for ten minutes so we decided to get out of the room and go to the front desk immediately.When we inquired about why we were given a queen room, we were told that all the king rooms had been booked. I assured her that we had booked a king room and she said there was nothing she could do about it. When I told her that we would like to check out and find another hotel, she said that was fine but that our credit card would be charged anyways for the stay and that there was nothing she could do about it. When I asked to speak with the original reservationist, he did some research and told us that they had no king rooms available, but that one might open up later, but they couldn't promise anything. I explained that he had not told us this from the beginning and that we should be able to leave without getting charged, since it had been their mistake. He finally said the manager would take care of us and let me go. Pam, the fron desk manager, apologized profusely and I overheard her on the phone booking restaurant reservations for a guest and she seemed wonderfully helpful. She was the only positive experience in the 45 minutes I spent in the hotel. All of that being said, if you are willing to spend $215+ during peak season for a small queen room that has a Victorian feel in the lobby, then these are the benefits:*4 blocks to Union Square*Attentive Bellman (At least the one who was there at the time, he was the only one who asked if he could be of any help)*Game tables in the lobby, a fireplace and a restaurant (we did not eat there)*Some of the higher rooms may have nice views, we were told that they did by the reservationist because they have more than 17 floors*Pam, the front desk manager, who seemed very interested in making everyone's stay a great one*Updated bathroom*Victorian feelI would definitely recommend the Hotel Palomar over Serrano, we paid less for more space, better customer service, and awesome amenities. Definitely join Kimpton In Touch before you book a room, it gives you great benefits and a better rate.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>SpoiledByW
<Content>Amazing Experience The Serrano is a great boutique hotel part of the kimpton brand. I stay here often for business, and everytime I get out of the cab I'm greeted very respectfully by the entire staff. Being a small hotel they all remember you and pay attention to details. Pam, Terresa, John, and Abdul (front desk and door men) are fantastic and know the area and hotel very well. I agree that some of the rooms have very small bathrooms. With my kimpton status i generally get upgraded to a suite so it's not a problem for me. The hotel restaurant has marginal food at best. I think the Ponzu needs a renovation, it was great when it opened in 99, but menu/chef need updating.Overall, a great hotel, a great experience. From the wine hour, to the free rides to the financial district -- this place is tops.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice Hotel I have just returned from a trip to San Francisco. When one considers the price of the Serrano Hotel in San Francisco, I would say its a grand buy for the money. The hotel is very clean, and the service is excellent. I found the bellmen to be extremely knowledgeable about the area and willing to assist beyond the call of duty. Additionally, the hotel has a very central location: just 3 blocks or so from Union Center, and if you like walking then its walking distance from Pier 1 of the waterfront -- about 10 blocks. But if walking is not your thing, then catch the streetcar or the city bus. The street cars and buses from Powell and Market go any direction, as I caught the streetcar to the waterfront and to Height Ashbury. I even walked to Chinatown from the Serrano, but I am a walker. There are delis nearby that stay open until 2am, and there is even a East Indian restaraunt in the next block that is open 24 hours. So if location and price without sacrificing service, style, class, and cleanliness is what you want, then the Serrano Hotel should be your choice.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I wish I'd stayed longer! I was hugely impressed by the Serrano Hotel. The service was wonderful (although slightly afraid of its customers.) The free chocolates were amazingly delicious. The free shampoo was surprisingly pleasant. The bedding is dare I say hip, and the decorating beautiful. The view from our room was not exactly picturesque, but beautiful to an artists eye. And at night, downtown could still be seen all lit up. The rooms were very clean and neat. Just one thing to remember. The location is sometimes not as nice as the hotel. There are some homeless individuals nearby, although not for long. And the hotel is in walking distance of nearly everything.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Traipse_About
<Content>Very Nice Boutique Stayed 4 nights 5/3 thru 5/7 This is a very nice hotel- turn of the century, but well maintained. It is has it's own personality; small, yet mansion like. Very clean, super first class service, room service on time, excellent housekeeping. The bell man and consierge all professional and helpful. The only down side is coffee is served in the lobby for a limited time 5am -10:am) which should be plenty of time.. but a long night in North Beach...and you might miss coffee time Room service can be ordered in advance. If you miss that you are on your own... But hey, there is a Starbucks on every corner. One other issue--the bathrooms have little counterspace--not girl firendly, but doable. Nice deep bathtubs!!! The resturant Ponzu.. is excellent. Tthe wine tasting hour is neat. Great location--close to everything. If your visit allows I would definitely take the 3.5 hour city tour, great way to figure out where you want to go later.  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>happyme
<Content>Very nice hotel This hotel more than met our expectations. It was beautiful and not far from many attractions. We got a great price so it was even better.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>waifsandvagrants
<Content>Fabulous bargain on priceline I think at priceline prices (under $100) this is an amazing llittle hotel. Like other Kimpton hotels it has coffee and tea in the a.m. and wine in the p.m. The rooms are clean and bed linens cozy. The location couldn't be better...very central with good access to public transportation, city walks, restaurants, whole foods and entertainment. There is no concierge but the business center has free internet service which i enjoy as i can do my own research on city events. On checkout, I left behind a drawer full of clothes (hard to admit, but true) and they put my belongings in the mail the next day.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stuffy This is a quite nice hotel with one major flaw. All of the windows are sealed shut, AND the HVAC system does not include a fan only option. So if you want oxygen in the air in your room, you must either heat or cool the room. Given the mild climate in San Francisco, the temperature in the room is generally fine, but if you want to breathe you must make it warmer, or cooler. Pretty terrible design. I stay in the city every week and will stay elsewhere in the future. There are plenty of other hotels in the area that have fresh air in the rooms.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ups and downs We got this room for $87 on Priceline, I cannot imagine paying more than that for such a small room. Generally, everything looked nice and most of the people who worked there were very very nice. The room was just so small we could barely move, let alone set up the ironing board. Also, there was no counter space at all in the bathroom to put your belongings on. Everything was clean and husband really enjoyed the gym area. Close to some nice clubs. When we checked in, the front desk clerk cheerily told us that since tomorrow would be Easter, there would be free pastries and coffee in the lobby all morning. I sent husband down at 11 to get something and he came back up emptyhanded. The new desk clerk had rudely told him that the morning was over and the pastries were not longer available. Not that they were gone, just that they were no longer available. Husband tried to explain that the morning did not end until noon (we had a late night, ok?!) but the woman was just totally snide.If you can get this room online for less than $100, I would say worth it. The average $212 or whatever it is? No way!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel - Great for Canadians Great hotel and nice staff. We booked through Hotwire and got a great deal. We asked for a non-smoking and were upgraded to a King because there were only smoking rooms left. The room was great. Very clean and well kept. The staff was also fantastic. Only one complaint. Room service took over an hour. Would not recommend. Location is perfect for shopping and sight seeing with great restaurants nearby or a cheap taxi ride away. Would definetly stay here again even without the Hotwire discounts. Canadians will love this place. Although it borders the Tenderloin, we felt safe and sound.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding service and decor; beware of parking costs. Excellent service and the lobby and rooms are different in a good way. The decor is an old style Spanish/Morrocan that is most evident in the lobby; warm and inviting.Rooms I've heard are generally smallish, but we got a smoking room right off the elevator that had a King bed and actually was spacious for 2.Note that valet parking through the hotel will add $40+ a day to your cost, unless you use the parking facility next door on Taylor that costs half as much and has in and out capacity.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>They overcharged me by $300 First of all the hotel is ok, but it is not that great and there is NO fresh air from the windows... also no fan either you have to heat or cool the room for ventilation...I reviewed my credit card and these guys overcharged me by $300! First they charged me $125 for the room/night versus the quoted $89, AND they , post facto after checking out, charged me a $200 deep cleaning fee!For what, that is nuts? I staid there with my pet and unlike the other hotel we had stayed at the hotel did NOT inspect the room while we were there checking out... I figured that might be a ploy to try to make up fees later after the guest (and pet) have departed.... That seems to be exactly what happened here! My warning..STAY AWAY!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>cheekymonkey
<Content>Loved The Serrano We have just returned from San Francisco on Mar.13th.I just read the review from Mar. 5 and I want to say it says it all. The Serrano was well kept, quiet  it was a great place to stay. All the staff was genuine  helpful. It has the amenities as listed. I did put my cosmetic bag on the bathroom counter  my husband kept his in the closet until he needed it. But it was a small inconvenience!! It is a wonderful place to stay, convenient to everything  clean. We were in a room with 2 double beds  it was fine. I would definitely recommend the hotel for anyone-single or families!!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'm impressed! And I'm hard to impress! I have traveled extensively for business for the last two decades and belong to several hotel group frequent guest programs. I've stayed at Westins, Four Seasons, Ritz Carltons, Pan Pacific Hotels, and Intercontinentals as well as small hotels in Europe and on the complete opposite end of the spectrum there have been the occassional Holiday Inns and the like.I also know San Francisco quite well and am there a few times every year. This trip was last minute and I could not get into the usual St. Francis or W or Palace due to the convention having them all booked.The Serrano was on the convention hotel list and the day before the convention a room did open up for $199 a night. The price without a convention in town, I understand, would be $149 and I'm sure much less for travelers able to use priceline or similar sites. For this location in this city, and the quality of the accommodations here, you just cannot beat this hotel for the price. I don't know where to begin. The location is perfect, a 2 minute walk from Union Square with it's transportation and everything else and about 15 minutes at most to the Moscone center. The lobby is absolutely beautiful but small enough to feel like a vey large living room, especially during the free coffee service from 5 a.m to 10 a.m. daily and the free evening wine reception.It's great fun to talk to and meet other people during these times and I imagine for the single recreational traveler this would be quite a plus. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful, unlike say, the St. Francis which has suffered a severe drop in service points with me during the past few years. At the Serrano, if you have a whim they will make every effort to indulge it. When I emerged from the taxi in front a bellman was there, immediately asked my name, and has remembered it ever since (I'm still here as I write). The front desk staff upon check in were joking and so friendly that I felt like I was coming to visit my cousins or friends who I have known forever.My room is slightly small, but has a king bed with desk large enough to spread my work out on, a well-stocked minibar, and is beautifully decorated. The bathroom is quite small with powder-room sized sink and toilet, but also beautifully appointed with leopard bathrobe and Aveda toiletries. The tub is deep, although a bit more narrow than average. If an extremely large person wanted to take a bath rather than shower it may be problematic. But some rooms here do have jacuzzi tubs for two. There is little space to put your own toiletry kits but that's fine, I put mine on the floor under the sink. Small inconvenience considering everything else. Everything is spotlessly clean.I am on a higher floor and asked for a quiet room but since the windows are double paned I don't think lower floor rooms would have a noise problem. I can't even hear sirens going by. I see them but can't hear them. Today I worked in my room all morning and did not hear the housekeeping staff banging around in the rooms next to me. Didn't hear them rumbling through the hall. But they must have because when I finally left at noon, all the rooms on the floor had been done and they were just waiting for me. There is a couple with a toddler of I would say almost two, across the hall. I have seen her at the elevator, I've seen her in the lobby, I've never heard her once while in my room, morning or night.The bed is extremely comfortable with feather pillows and mattress topper for softness. The heat/ac works well and is not loud. I have heard extremely little noise from the rooms on the other sides of my walls and have been here three days. I have heard no one else's tv, alarm clock, or phone. And I know there are people in those rooms.For the business traveler, if you worry that you will miss some amenities you are used to at the bigger more expensive chains-don't! The HUGE plusses for business are the FREE high speed internet in every room and the business center where there are computers in case yours dies, also with free internet, and get this folks: FREE printer and fax. No charge at all. The business center is small but so is the hotel so it's not crowded. You needn't go searching for a place or pay to print something, just take your disk or memory stick downstairs and you can print. Oh yes, the little business center is open 24 hours! There is also an iron and ironing board, essential for the business person, and a cordless phone which is nice. The only drawbacks I see for business purposes is the lack of a coffemaker in the room and the fact that room service and the restaurant are not 24-hour and both open at 7 a.m. So, if you have a very early meeting and have to leave before that, at least you can have coffee from the lobby beginning at 5 a.m. But, since there is the minibar you can always walk the half block to Walgreens and buy your breakfast yogurt and apple or danish or whatever and keep it in your room for the next day.For any kind of traveler, the other interesting plusses are the yo-yo, mini etch-a-sketch, cards, and puzzle games in the room. They are open and free to use, you only pay if you take them with you. Also each room is furnished with an oversized umbrella, also free as long as you don't take it home. There are games in the lobby as well and the front desk stocks a large number of board-type games you can borrow for FREE-great for families. And for couples, well, they do offer Twister and well, um, given the size of my particular room the only place I can imagine putting the Twister mat would be um, atop the king-sized bed. Ahem. ok enough of that. There is a small, but adequate fitness room with two treadmills, two recumbant bikes, free weights, and a universal machine. It is well-stocked with towels, reading material, water, and a nice plasma tv on the wall. Everytime I checked in there, it wasn't crowded, maybe one other person. Oh yes, and unlike most OTHER hotel fitness rooms, this one is open 24 hours. And of course, it is FREE. I keep being astounded at the FREE internet and business center. Those bigger expensive chains charge an arm and a leg for these things and dopes that we are, we pay it because we think we need it so badly. Well, now that I know it can be had for FREE.....This hotel is fond of yoga and you may watch the instructional 24-hour yoga channel on the television, do the relaxing yoga poses detailed in the booklet on your desk, or for a very reasonable fee, get a yoga basket with mat/yoga pillow etc from the front desk. For a fee, they also offer in room massage, manicure, pedicure. If traveling with children you may want to ask the size of the rooms that have two double beds as putting a rollaway in the room I have for just one child would be rather cramped, I think. But it could be done. In a few reviews I read here that helped me decide to book the Serrano, people complained of the location-well, everyone who has been to this city a couple of times knows not to walk too far past Taylor St. from Union Square or else you are in the Tenderloin but really, I am female and am quite comfortable walking back to the Serrano at 11 p.m. alone as I am coming from the direction of Union Square. But I know the city pretty well. Yes, there are tons of homeless in the Union Square area and there always have been but they are harmless and this is where the tourist or business person wants to be. They are outside the hotels that cost $400 a night too. I never give them money BUT, when coming back from a business dinner I always ask for a box for my leftovers and as I don't plan to stuff them into my little minibar, I give them to one of the homeless people. I've never had one single person refuse or not be extremely delighted. The hotel restaurant, Ponzu, has a small menu but the asian-fusion dinner entrees are fantastic-they do border on the Thai in terms of spicy so keep that in mind. There are so many other fantastic restaurants at every price range within a few blocks that no one should have any problem finding something to suit.The only complaint I have, is that I did once have breakfast at Ponzu and the service was extremely slow. Perhaps they were short-staffed or something. But, having said that, I must mention that my waitress bent over backwards to explain every tiny delay (I'm sorry I think we are out of grapefruit juice it will take me a minute to check, I apologize, but that table over there has been waiting longer and as soon as I get their meals from the kitchen I will check on how yours is coming,) and she was constantly freshening my coffee so it doesn't get cold on you and so forth. So that made up for the slowness. I write for a living and do tend to go on but really, I've never stayed at a Kimpton hotel before but definitely now want to try them all. The Serrano is rated as a four-star but I would say it deserves a 4.5. I sometimes come to San Francisco for fun, not work, and after staying here I think I would rather spend $149 a night to stay here than to use my frequent guest points and stay at the St. Francis for free. The Serrano is that pleasant!I just can't say enough.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rmwhitt
<Content>Nice suites with decent view Stayed at Hotel Serrano for 5 nights (Jan. 06). Location is a block or two off of Union Square--ideal for first-time visitors and returnees like me. The suites and exec. king rooms(we peeked in a few) were well laid out, not huge but not small. Our suite had a decent sized living room with a view of the city and a peek of the bay far, far away, very nice to wake up to. The bathroom tub was large, but the bathroom was small and had no counter space (we moved a table in from the living room). This hotel is part of Kimpton chain, with fun bathrobes and Aveda bath amenities in our room. The 24 hour dry sauna was delightful (there's also a small gym and 2 computer terminals for web browsing. Wine was served at 5pm in the lobby, but only pretzels to nibble on. Morning coffee and tea was a nice touch. Staff was helpful and accomodating. We had a BB package that provided an OK (not exciting) continental breakfast at the adjacent restaurant. The only drawback is that the cost of parking (adjacent to hotel or at a different lot across the street) is very costly ($30 per 24 hours). THere is no available neighborhood parking so if you are driving there, be forewarned .  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>teeny tiny!! Stayed with my boyfriend, parking fee is insane! We should have definitely walked from the lot across the street but it was raining and we were sort of taken by the bellman who revealed that the two lots surrounding the hotlel were $31 after tax and that there's was just $38...when we got the bill for nearly $45 it was obvious their sell tactic. I work at a hotel so I should have known better! Funny that when I got my car back, my driver window was all the way down and would not roll up. (think they said anything when I tipped him) No, so I drove most of the way home while it rained and a broken window that wouldn't roll up for the life of me. The city itself is beautiful and urban and everything you expect it to be. I definitely recommend taking hand sanitizer with you, especially if you use public transportation, as I broke out with a horrible cold sore almost immediatly. One thing they have going for them is the staff which are super friendly, and even better they know what they're doing. The gal at check out didn't even bat an eye when we had her split our bill up using different credit cards.The room is so small I still can't believe it. Nicely appointmed but, WOW, that is a small space! Thank god we didn't pay for the $100 upgrade as we would have been broke after the parking fee. The windows don't open either which is a drag.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LoveMinus0
<Content>Nice hotel...but needs to change its parking policy Just got back from the Serrano with my girlfriend. Here is the good:-Nicely decorated room-Helpful Staff sans a rogue bellman :)-Decent location, I know some people were wary of the neighborhood, but everyone we met around the hotel could not have been nicer. -Good view from our room. 16th floor was cool!-Extremely easy check-in and check-out process. The lady checking us out was very patient with us as well.-Honor bar prices actually somewhat reasonable!Now, the bad:-If it had not been for the parking charge, I would have given the Serrano 4 stars. First off, we saw some of the other places were a little cheaper then the hotel...until the bellman made it seem like it would be about the same price to park at the hotel. Silly us, we work in the industry and should not have been hosed like we were, but oh well. Long story short, we ended up paying a total of $44 (Bellman didn't mention the tax or anything, of course) to have the privilege of parking. Oh well, it happens.-The rooms are SO small. I'm certainly not a prude by any means in terms of room size, but this was kind of ridiculous. They make phenomonal use of the room but the size is just unacceptable. Plus, the whole time I was there, I did not see another guest anywhere in the hotel. Again, I work in the hotel and if it is a slow night, open up a couple of your suties and try to get some repeat business. It certainly would have taken the bad taste of the parking charge out of my mouth. Anyway, if you do not have a car and need a decent place to stay for the night by yourself I would recommend it.However, if you have any sort of vehicle or need a room with any sort of size, do not bother with the Serrano.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>2	5	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>AuntPeanut
<Content>Early check-in, great wine and champagne I stayed here for four nights in December. Arrived about Noon and was thankful to be able to check in. Nice quiet room. Great value thru Expedia. Local newspaper and USA Today delievered about 5:30 each morning. Picked up the WSJ each morning in the lobby. Great coffee and tea in the lobby starting about 5am and the wine was served from 5-6pm each evening. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Janbry
<Content>Loved the free wine Spent 4 nights at this hotel at the start of our 2 week holiday on 23 Oct. Found all the staff to be very pleasant. John (the bell captain I think) was very welcoming. Arrived around 6pm and the free wine tasting was coming to an end - as we were being taken to our room asked if we were too late for a glass and he went and got us a bottle to take to our room and apologised because it was not full (only a small amount gone). Great service. Lovely room, nicely decorated, king size bed, very comfortable. Yes bathroom a little small but very clean and nice Aveda toiletries. Good selection of snacks in the room. Yoga basket is a great idea, wished I'd had time to use it - but some good tips/poses in the leaflet. Thoroughly enjoyed stay and would definitely stay again. Not heard of Kimpton hotels before but will look for them in the future.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing Hotel If you're planning a stay at the Serrano, you will be charmed by this European style hotel. A gorgeous, ornate lobey awaits you and the staff is so friendly and helpful. Service is quick, efficient and the staff is always ready to give you advice on where to go, what to do, hail you a cab or carry your luggage. SO service is very personalised and its very important for them. We stayed in two different rooms. One was regular and the other was the executive suite with the Jacuzzi. Both where comfortable, charming, ultra clean and filled with little extras such as: Aveda products, robes, slippers, nice wine glasses, high quality furniture, beautiful draperies and bedding and 3 huge mirrors. The ambiance is romantic and luxurious. The hotel itself is 17 floors with 10 rooms per floor approximately. If you like places with charm, this is the place to go. There was wireless internet in the rooms at all times. There is a safe, a minibar and supplies in case of cravings. Wine tasting and tarot card reading occurs everyday in the lobey b/w 5-6. COffee is offered in the morning and it taste great. The hotel has a theme of games, if you're into that. In terms of Location, its fantastic. Its 5 minutes walk from Union square, nordstrom, sna francisco mall, saks and all the great shopping streets. Its a 25 minute walk from the warf. The neighborhood is filled with nice restaurants and it is located beside a great wine store. You have to try the WORTHY wine!My fiance and I stayed there for a few nights and we highly recommend it!!!!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Just Got back homeéˆ¥?Reluctantly. We stayed at the Serrano Hotel for four nights before going on to Sonoma.We arrived at the hotel very late and were checked in efficiently. We opened the front door just in time to see the bell Captain come running towards us apologizing profusely for not being outside. We were given the exact type of room that I specified. I have read that many people have complained about the bathrooms in this hotel and I have to say that I have absolutely NO idea what they are going on about??Now, I had a Executive King Suite with Jacuzzi bath, but I have still seen people complain that everything is on top of everything and that the sink has nowhere to put your cosmetics. The sink had a huge vanity area with plenty of space. The Tub was Enormous and the shower, devine.The room had two entertainment centers and a mini bar plus a fridge. Lots of glasses and board games everywhere. We asked for foam pillows and actually got them without having to ask after we had checked in.The service was beyond impeccable. Early the first morning there, our toilet stopped working, so we phoned down and within minutes someone was up to fix it. We asked for more towels and they were there immediately. More hangers the same thing.There is free high speed internet access and a free business center with a computer to print off what ever you wanted. My package included a wonderful massage and a bottle of bubble bath for the room!!We booked dinner in the restaurant one night but got back too late due to traffic, so we ordered room service as we have a small child. The restaurant apologized for us not being able to attend and gave us a complimentary dessert!!!!!!! YumGreat Fast Service and wonderful food.We missed the free wine service every evening as we were out on the town too much!!Great Stay. We would highly recommend.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice San Fran Botique Hotel Date: October 9, 2005Reviewer: A Delaware TravelerVery nice botique hotel - clean, colorful, and attractive. Large inviting lobby with games at all of the tables. The room and bath were only slightly small, but certainly not to the point of inconvenience. Both were bright, well appointed, and comfortable. Very pleasant, helpful staff - the bellman was able to acquire San Fran tour tickets for the afternoon on short notice. The neighborhood is fine - short walk to Union Square and just down the block from the theater district. Save yourself a few bucks ($10-13) by parking next door or across the street. The bar is nice and the oriental resuaurant intimately small. This is the only place we stayed during our two week California coast tour that did not offer some kind of breakfast, but there are many places close by - Sears on Powell St. at Union Square. Max's is a great, reasonably priced restaurant for lunch or dinner located across from the theaters.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel and would enjoy staying there again.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>connieandsteve
<Content>Awful place!! We paid to upgrade to a suite after being promised an upgrade to one if it was available when we made the reservation. The bathroom was the smallest and oddest arranged I have ever experienced. The room needed reparis and remodeling and really did not feel clean. The staff and especially the management was rude.I wrote the Kimpton chain about it (without response) because their other hotels have been so much better.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>minghamVancouver_Bc
<Content>Not your cookie-cutter hotel! The big chain hotels were sold-out so I checked your site for reviews before booking the Serrano and I am glad I did! This is a hotel with staff that care and has huge personaility. The amenties are unique and thoughful, some of the goodies include: Aveda toiletries, yoga gear/tips, games in your room, wine at 5 with a tarot reader, hi-speed internet at no charge plus a great bar/restauramt to boot. The room size is small but so are many in downtown SF and nicely decorated. So much thought is put in to your experience as a guest at a Kimpton Hotel. They have me hooked no matter where my business takes me across the U.S. in the future.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PurpleFoodie
<Content>Awesome Service! I visited SF for a conference in May and was looking for a Kimpton hotel that was close to Union Square and reasonably priced. The Serrano exceeded my expectations and the expectations of my fiance, who had stayed at the nearby Kimpton Monaco and was expecting the same level of quality. We stayed in the Executive King suite and unlike many of the other reviews, I felt that the size of the bathroom was fine. The whirlpool tub is wonderful, especially if you have a chance to purchase some Lush bath bombs or bubble bars. The Aveda products were a plus. We were upgraded at no extra charge and given a later check-out time because of the Kimpton policy that states that if you find a cheaper advertised price they will match it as well as give you those perks (upgrade based on availability:-).  One of the nights we stayed there, my fiance called to have flowers delivered on short notice--much to my surprise--and had them delivered before I left for my sessions in the morning. They only charged him the cost of the flowers. The staff was extremely helpful and the business center came in handy when I had a deadline for some paperwork. The gym is fabulous and the overall decor of the hotel engaging. If you get a chance, ask about Dottie's. It is by far the BEST place to have breakfast and is around the corner from the Serrano (ask a doorman for directions). The neighborhood may not be the best, but the hotel more than makes up for it. I will be staying at the Serrano again for the LoveParade and will seriously consider staying there again for all of my subsequent visits to SF.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TonyJH
<Content>fab - loved it this was a great place to stop at. it was very central for all places of interest and only a couple of blocks from the tram. the bar downstairs was great and the bar snacks/meals were fantastic. it was very clean and the staff were all polite and helpful. it also offered free internet access which i found very useful.all in all a fab place to stop in san francisco  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bebycik
<Content>Good, not great We stayed at Serrano for 2 nights and overall, it was a good experience. When we checked in, hotel's computers were down and they had to unlock the door for us. In the morning, we were supposed to ask for card keys at front desk-- we did that just to end up going back to the front desk twice before we could open the door again. The room was nice and clean but SMALL-- we had hard time finding place to open our suitcases. Free internet was a nice touch (we're geeks and bring laptops everywhere). Valet parking was more expensive than I expected-- $42+ tax, so it was about $45 total. I would not specifically seek out to stay at Serrano again but it is a nice safe bet or a back-up plan if other hotels are taken.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cahotelguy
<Content>okay but watch hidden fees they are trying ..but very small rooms and bathrooms ..everything nice but windows don't open, biggest complaint was hidden fees and parking they have none...valet was 39.00 PERDAY PLUS 4.95 PARKING TAX SO ON TOP ROOM RATE WAS 44.00 ! SO GREAT RATE 144.00 we thought we GOT WASN'T. Room service was very marginal for price $40.00 for two contintental plus 20% tip.. It's SF ..but next time we will stay somewhere else ..  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>zametov
<Content>Can't wait until we can afford to visit again. We stayed in the King bed, with Jacuzzi suite. A wonderful room! The Jacuzzi is 5.5' x 3' - huge! Just remember to bring your bubble bath mixture with you. The service was excellent, and we were made to feel very welcome.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Coffee, anyone? Anyone? The Serrano is beautiful, but small. The elevators are tiny, as was our bathroom.....no place to put your stuff! However, the room was beautifully decorated and well worth the bargain price we got. The location is very good. Our only problem was the morning coffee service. The hotel provides coffee in the lobby every morning (supposedly). Our problem was that when they ran out of coffee, it took FOREVER for them to replenish the supply. Also, they constantly ran out of covers for the coffee cups and replenishment was delayed there, as well.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Steve_and_Lorna
<Content>June tour visits Serrano We stopped here on 13th June 05. It was a lovely hotel, beautifully decorated and well thought out. We had a standard room which was reasonably sized and well furnished. It was very clean and in an excellent location only 5 minutes walk from Union Square. It really was no problem walking into town, it felt safe and in a popular area.The hotel offered free coffee on a morning and free wine tasting in the evening if you can tear yourself away from the shops for 5pm! The staff were helpful and friendly and there was free use of a business room for internet access if required. Parking was next to the hotel at $22 a day. Turning right out of the hotel entrance and opposite the Hilton is the 'Taylor street' coffee shop that was independently highly rated for its breakfasts. If you like Indian food, we found the Merla next door is also a good place to eat. We would definitely stop here again and would definitely recommend it. To put our review into context, this was part of our June tour of California and New York that included the following hotels, also reviewed on tripadvisor.Sofitel - Los Angeles, Best Western O'cairns - Lompoc, Travel Lodge Monterey Bay, Serrano - San Francisco, Wuksachi Lodge - Sequoia Nat park, Yosemite View Lodge - Yosemite Nat park, Furnace Creek Ranch - Deach Valley, Aladdin - Las Vegas, UN Millennium Plaza - New York  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>KeithLafayette
<Content>Very Nice Stayed here for 2 nights on a good Hotwire rate of $89. Though not large, my room was very nice: clean, pleasantly decorated, and well-equipped. The bathroom was nice and spotlessly clean with Aveda products. The morning coffee and free newspapers were appreciated, as was the evening wine reception. Free internet in the small business center was also a big plus. All in all, one of my best experiences at a San Francisco boutique hotel.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ontheway2
<Content>A Good Value We are just back from 3 days at the Serrano. Since we go to S.F. 3-4 times a year, we are always searching for a hotel that is a good value and is clean with a polite, courteous staff. The Serrano does all of these things quite nicely. Yes, the rooms are a little small and the bathrooms are tiny. But for the price ($99/night), we didn't expect the Four Seasons. San Francisco is one of the towns we visit where there is so much to do that the hotel really is just a place to lay our heads at the end of the day. We found the staff to be very friendly and accommodating. For one reason or another, we twice asked that our room be changed. Each time, our request was received and granted in a most polite manner. And as some of the others have pointed out, we also ran into the homeless on the streets, but we usually run into them no matter where we stay in S.F. All things considered, The Serrano Hotel is a good value.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just Ok I will start off by saying that there were no major problems with the hotel or our stay. Having said that, I would like to point out to people who wish to stay there in the future some issues they might run in to.When we first arrived, the first thing I noticed was the horrible neighborhood. Very dirty (even for San Francisco standards) and a lot of homeless. As I was unpacking my bags from the car, I was overwhelmed by the smell of what could only be described as a green leafy substance being smoked no more than 10 feet from me. I could not get away from it and could not find the source. I mentioned to my fiance my goodness, someone is smoking Marij......! The doorman heard me and said Welcome to the city! which I found VERY offensive and rude. After being moved to a different room (at our request) we finally settled in. Our room was very small (expected) and the bathroom was even smaller than expected.......but oh well, it was clean and neat. There was no view however. It is a pet friendly hotel and they were very accomidating to our dog which was expected due to the fact they advertize themselves pet friendly.Overall the hotel is fine, it is just not a place I would go out of my way to stay in if I had a choice. We were sort of limited because of our dog. Last tip: Make sure you do your research before you choose the Serrano, you might find something better....or maybe not.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>trini142
<Content>great stay I stayed at the Serrano in early June for 5 days. I had a wonderful trip.To be fair, the stay started on a low note when I arrived for a late check in to find that they didn't have a room with two doubles as I'd requested. Instead they put me in a room the size of a large walk-in closet with a promise to move me the next day. I went back to the front desk and they promptly switched me to a larger room and arranged to have my bags moved the next day while I was out, with a comped breakfast for the inconvenience.On to the good part - its a great hotel. The rooms (that I ended up in) were a nice size, with a funkier decor than the average chain, and most importantly - very, very clean. The service is excellent - quick, polite and personable. The afternoon wine tasting and tarot readings are a fun touch.As for the area - yes, the hotel is on the border (not in the middle of) one of the less nice areas in town. On the other hand, two blocks in the other direction - along perfectly reasonable streets - puts you in Union Square. What more could you ask for, especially at this price?I highly recommend the Serrano and plan on staying there again.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lorettawong
<Content>Quaint and cute We'd just completed a 5 night stay at the Serrano Hotel. The doorman and concierge were polite and enthusiastic at first, but as the days went on, it diminished. The room was clean and the housekeepers did well making up the room each morning. My only complaint would be that they are a bit stingy on the soaps and shampoos. I had my little dog with me on this trip and she had no trouble adjusting. If you do bring your dog, ask for a room that's not near the elevator so that your dog doesn't get irritated everytime someone comes through. There's wine hour at 5pm each day. Although I never joined in, it seem quite popular with the guests. The neighborhood to one side of the hotel is a bit rough, but if you only walk towards Union Square, it's pretty much ok.All in all, for the price I paid ($110US/night), it's a good value.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly recommend this hotel! Beautiful, reasonably-priced hotel! The rooms were small, but comfortable and clean. The service was top-notch. The neighborhood isn't the greatest, but it's just a couple of blocks away from Union Square and the cable car lines.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rocdoc304
<Content>overall good hotel, small bathroom Overall, this hotel is a good choice in S.F. It has a good location, friendly staff,clean and quiet rooms (our room was on the side facing another building) and comfortable bed. Free internet in the business center is a nice plus as is the complementary afternoon wine reception and chair massages.The only negatives would be the small bathrooms with minimal counter space (pedastal sink) and a shower curtin that tend to blow into the shower giving you an unwanted massage! The pillows are strangely smaller than standard. Overall, we enjoyed our stay at the Serrano and we would stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Illy1108
<Content>A Jewel! My husband and I had a 5 day stay at the Serrano and enjoyed our stay immensely. We mentioned that we were honeymooners (shhh...we always do, that's our little secret tip) and we were upgraded to a suite at no additional charge. The suite was FABULOUS with a separate living area and a humongous bathroom with a jacuzzi tub big enough for two(the tub was a life saver after walking the hills of Frisco!) They also sent us a bottle of wine, which was a very classy touch. The decor and ambiance, both of the lobby and the suite was exceptional. We LOVED wine hour and made sure to never miss it! As far as the negative reviews of the staff, I can say that we never had an incident, and were treated with courtesy and a smile on all counts. The concierge staff, including John and Chad, were also excellent. Restaurants a plenty in the area, we loved Muang Thai next door, next to it was a smaller place that had great breakfasts (cheapest in the area) The only drawback to this hotel is the area, as mentioned in so many previous reviews. In case you do not know, Frisco has a big homeless problem and it seemed that the beggars concentrated in the area immediately surrounding the hotel as well as Union Square, which is close by (4 blocks). There are also several asian massage parlors in the immediate area, and in case you've never run into these, they are simply store fronts for brothels. We even saw a street walker or two, also in the immediate area. Ahem. We never felt threatened, but it definitely was a big turnoff in a otherwise lovely city. TIPS: 1) No need for a taxi from the airport, save $35 and use the BART, it is amazingly clean (UNLIKE our subways in NYC), easy to use and only $5.00 per person. It leaves you directly next to the cable car line in Union Sq and is a 10 minute walk to the hotel. 2) Do NOT rent a car! Parking is insanely expensive and public transportation is very good; I promise, you will not miss having a car (xcept at the end of the day when your feet ache from walking those HILLS!) You can even take a free shuttle bus to Muir Woods and over the Golden Gate bridge! If you must rent a car, rent for a day and do all the things you need a car for (Napa Valley, Carmel, Monterey, Sausalito, etc) 3) Rest up and do the cable car thing EARLY, the lines can be an hour long (Make sure to take the Hyde line, it is the most scenic). You can do Ghiardelli Square, Hyde Pier, Fishermans Wharf AND Alcatraz all in one day, if you get out early enough. WEAR YOUR WALKING SHOES! 4) Book Alcatraz in advance, it sells out quickly. Get the audio tour for a few dollars more, it is well worth it!Have fun and enjoy!!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Great for the low price! Forget the overpriced hotels and get your money's worth. The service wasn't great, but for the price, this hotel is highly recommended.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>aef28
<Content>LOVED IT! We LOVED this hotel- the bathrooms are VERY small which is why I give it a 4 and not 5 but at least it has personality, the staff was FABULOUS and we would go again- If you are looking for spacious and posh, this isn't for you. If you want quaint, well run, clean and can deal with no counter space in the bathroom, this is the place. Wine hour was terrific although crowed, we chose to take our wine to our room- we got an upgrade to a two room suite which was terrific. Be sure to ask when you check in, they gave it to us for 40.00 more than our super low 99.00 hot rate fare we got on their website. Enjoy!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Surprise We usually stay at the Westin St. Francis or Sheraton Palace when in San Francisco. Because we were here for a wedding we had other family members to consider, we looked for a reasonably priced hotel in the area.I did check the reviews on this site before I booked and was a little apprehensive. The location is fine, but close to a seedy area on one side. You can tell immediately if you are walking the wrong way. Union Square, downtown,chinatown we walked to them all, then picked up a car (2 blocks) and went to Napa.Everything at the Serrano was 1st class. The staff wonderful, wine in the evening terrific and welcoming. Bedding very comfortable and blankets wrapped in sheets. Closet and bath small, like in Europe, but everything was very clean and comfortable. Morning coffee and tea were downstairs in the lobby.I put a towel in the sink to hold and apply makeup, there really was no place else to do this. There was a large table/desk in room, but mirror was on the side of the bed. Subtle security in lobby.My family and I would stay here again.  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ronkoplus
<Content>Quaint, but crowded. Firstly, we enjoyed our stay at the Serrano. The evening wine reception is a nice break in the day. The rooms and main area are pleasantly furnished and finished. But... The rooms are very small. Our's was a corner room and we really had no extra place to put a thing other than on the bed. Our closet was only slightly larger than the door and not quite as deep as a hanger. We each had 1 small drawer in the cabinet under the TV. Also, O'Farrell Street is on the edge of the Tenderloin which can lead to a large flow of street people. More than that, the garbage trucks use that area for clean up at 7 am on Fri. and Mon., making it even louder than usual. This is not a cookie-cutter hotel, but it has some detractions from ultimate comfort. 5/17/05  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic hotel in San Francisco! After searching through many hotels online and reading most of the TripAdvisor reviews, I chose the Serrano for a 5 day meeting/conference with my finance team and I was not disappointed. The hotel was lovely -- the lobby was beautiful and the suite I had was exactly as pictured on the Serrano website. My team had regular rooms and they were quite pleased as well. The staff was exceptional and very friendly. The wine hour each night was a lively affair and welcome after a long day of meetings and seminars! The room was quiet at night and the bed was comfortable. The close proximity to Union Square was great. Although the surrounding area seemed a bit run down, I never felt uncomfortable walking in the area.If I had one complaint, it would be the size of the bathroom. It was a bit tight on space but was clean and the marble floors were nice. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a great hotel in downtown San Francisco!  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Laudrup
<Content>A good boutique Hotel with pluses and minuses The Serrano Hotel is a boutique hotel that is nicely decorated and furnished in a good location with competitive prices. I have some serious reservations about the hotel but overall would recommend it.The location of the Serrano hotel is remarkably mixed. Its immediate surroundings are parking lots, run-down convenience stores, and seedy massage parlors. However, just a block away are several luxury hotels and a small theatre district, so clearly this is not a bad neighborhood. And despite the surroundings I never felt unsafe during my stay here. Also, the Serrano is an excellent location for staging forays into the city. In one direction is Nob hill, about six blocks away (although I warn you, that is six blocks UPHILL) while the Powell street transportation complex (Cable Cars, Surface Street Cars, BART, and City Subway) is about five blocks in the other direction. Also at the Powell street complex is éˆ¥æ·ªan Francisco Placeéˆ¥? which is a gorgeous, very upscale, suburban shopping mall, with a Norstroms and the other usual suspects.The dèŒ…cor of the foyer is elaborate and confused. It seems to be a cross between ancient Egypt and baroque Venice. I found it amusing eye candy when I first entered. Three days later it struck me as a bit labored and depressing. The important thing is that the lobby is bright and clean and pleasantly laid out. There is a bell captain inside to deal with your bags, and valets outside to hail you a cab. Every day there is a happy hour in the foyer. Wines are nice (although, Iéˆ¥æª“ no connoisseur, just a gleeful alcohol consumer), the food is notéˆ¥æ”‹ust a step up from pretzels and chips.Two elevators plus a service elevator (which I used often) only adequately cover the building. Two very highly recommended features of this hotel is the exercise room and business center. The exercise room has an excellent selection of tread mills and other stationary exercise equipment. It is thoughtfully furnished with ample clean towelséˆ¥æ”ice touch. The business center features three web-ready PCs plus a printer and fax machine. Incoming fax are free, and computer usage and moderate paper supplies are free. Outgoing long distance fax charges apply. Note that with only three PCs you might have to wait, but it is better than the no service at all that many other hotels in this price range offer.While the dèŒ…cor of the foyer is quite questionable, upstairs everything is first rate. The corridors and rooms are modestly and elegantly decorated. Everything of course, very clean and well-maintained. As for the rooms themselves, they are small. I had a room with a single king or queen-sized bed and even though I was by myself it felt small. Part of the problem is that they cram a full complement of furniture (chair, desk, wardrobe-entertainment center) without any thought into a small room. The closet was also not full sized. If youéˆ¥æª™e looking for a good way to test a relationship, you could do worse than share this room with your significant other.But the real problem with these rooms is the washrooms, they are very small. For those of you who have to have a full-sized tub (and why do you have to have that, huh?) your tub is there and is perfectly fine. The problem is that there is very little room left for the toilet. It is squeezed almost under the sink and mirror. Also, the hotel has made a very serious mistake in placing only a small shelf to set your toiletries on and in selecting a sink that has a banked perimeter so you have to very carefully set anything on the surface of the sink or it will fall off. Iéˆ¥æª“ warning you, close the toilet seat before you brush your teeth or change your contact lenses. I had a decent view looking North up towards Nob hill. Based on the surroundings, I donéˆ¥æª› believe any side of the hotel is going to offer you great views.The staff was generally helpful and pleasant although not overwhelmingly so. Not a significant positive or negative for the hotel.There is a restaurant on the first floor which serves contemporary cuisine. It is nicely decorated with a helpful wait staff. I had one meal here, vegetable stir fry, which was excellent.Overall, I would stay here again. It is a good location, and a nice place to come home too and the end of the day. The small rooms mean I wouldnéˆ¥æª› want to stay longer than three nights, and I would give serious consideration to sharing these rooms with someone else, even my wife.  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Why would anyone stay here? After two weeks in great hotels, the Serrano was disappointing to say the least. I have no idea how this hotel can be rated as a 4star hotel. Rooms so small you could not walk around the bed if you had a suitcase on the floor. The commode served as a dressing stand in the bathroom, and the toilet roll was 42 + from the toilet. Location is the only + we could find, but the Hilton across the street would be a much better choice.  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JulesTravel
<Content>Serrano is Tops in San Fran Excellent!! I chose the Serrano due to proxity to the conference I was attending (Hilton) and the cost was $70 less per night. I was worried it would not be great due to price. However, was I pleasantly PLEASED! My colleagues (at the Hilton) were quite envious when they heard of my complimentary car service, wine tastings, business office and view. The staff at this hotel went so far above and beyond to care for guests - not quite sure I've seen this before - anywhere - and I travel frequently. Well done Serrano! Next time in SanFran - I'm returning to your hotel.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cannot Say Enough This hotel was the most excellent hotel stay I've ever had. The service was incredible, the restaurant passport a delightful experience, and the room itself was fantastic. I've spent much more for much less at other hotels, and for the price, this hotel was UNBELIEVABLE. It sits in between two suspect areas, but the 8 or so blocks in a square around it were fantastic, filled with restaurants, hotels, and vibrant life.Prepare to pay for parking, but I strongly recommend the valet, as it only costs a few dollars more ($4) and the car is brought around whenever you call down.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>atlcollie
<Content>Fab hotel! Just finished our second stay at the Serrano. We were there several night in July 2004 and now March 2005. Friendly, attentive staff--who took the time to remember our name. Wine hour is fun  the restaurant, Ponzu, attached to the hotel is quite good.Only complaint is bad lighting in the bathroom makes makeup a little difficult. Looking forward to staying there again.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>weymann1
<Content>A Different Perspective on Serrano After reading some of the reviews on the Serrano I was expecting a rather snooty staff. My experience was quite the contrary! The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The bell captain wanted to know if this was my first stay and proceeded to explain the hotel to me; wine tasting in the lobby from five to six each evening, a business center and gym (which I didn't visit), high speed internet in the rooms.My room was not large, but well appointed. Even though it was a corner room it was high enough above the street to shut out all by the harshest street noise. Linens were clean and changed regularly, towels were deep and thirsty, and there were complimentary terry bathroobes in the closet, the large kind that embrace you after a shower.I would recommend the hotel to any traveler.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wanderer
<Content>A Lovely Hotel in the Heart of San Francisco We spent a lovely night at the Serrano. The room was as as nicely decorated as the lobby. It was quiet and dark, even though it was almost adjacent to the elevator. We requested a high floor room and the desk clerk managed to get us a interesting south facing city view on the 11th floor of this 17 floor hotel. The beds were comfortable, maybe a trifle hard. The wine reception actually brought a bunch of people into the lobby, which was fun. At $125 AAA it was a good deal--no place better (rated) was cheaper, and no place cheaper was better. We'd wanted to avoid bringing a car altogether, the best policy in this area. As it was, we brought a car, but were able to park it on the street and leave it there--taking a cab, transit, and walking to get around. Our back up plan was parking in a City garage, which I think would have cost us about $20.This is a good place for those who appreciate pretty older hotels downtown.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Rooms, horrid Bath! We selected this hotel based on photos and ammenities listed at their website. The rooms (we had an Executive King, 1410) were exactly as the photos-- except the bathroom was NOT shown for good reasons. The toilet was literally squished in an alcove that was so narrow as to provide a challenge to personal hygiene! There was no powder area so it was quite a pain for both my fiance and myself to set toiletries out for the four day stay. When we checked in, they didn't have the non-smoking suite we reserved but offered to discount a smoking suite at a substantial rate. My picky nose detected no smoky smell at all- thank you, housekeepers! I would have really liked to open the windows but I suppose they are closed for safety reasons. Overall, it was a charmingly decorated hotel with comfortable and quiet rooms.... the bath was just really awful!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>caito76
<Content>great stay We had a great stay here for the last two nights of our honeymoon. (Oct 11-12, 2004) We chose Serrano b/c we love Kimpton hotels and we had stayed at their Argonaut on our first night in SF. After being in the wine country for a few days we wanted to stay somewhere downtown for our last two nights that was a little cheaper than the Argonaut and more centrally located. The Serrano was just PERFECT for that! When we arrived we noticed that a hotel across the street had some labor union strike going on and the picket line was really LOUD with bullhorns, drums, yelling, etc. We had requested a room high up with a view, but that would have meant we would have been on the side of the hotel facing the picket line. We made a request to change to the opposite side and they were very willing to accomodate. The room was on the small side - but that was not a negative at all in our minds. We loved the complimentary wine hour in the lobby (even after tasting wines all week!). We also just loved the location. So convenient to Union Sq and the theater and restaurants. The doorman and concierge were both fantastic. They arranged for us to get a van shuttle ride to the airport that was 1/2 the price of a taxi. We really had a wonderful stay. Kimpton hotels are definitely our favorite!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WONDERFUL EXPERIANCE! Called beforehand to have them put rose petals on the bed. They did it for only the price of the roses ($12). The colors in the room were magnificent... the most nicely decorated hotel room I've ever stayed in. It was nice to stay in a hotel that really showed the heritage of San Francisco. Everyone in the hotel was really nice and helpful with giving us directions. There was a doorman that greeted us every time we came in. The location is great. There is a great tiny breakfast place across the street that we went to every morning. They had great prices and made specially for me french toast with fresh strawberries and whipped cream on top! Had a wonderful time at the Serrano!   
<Date>Feb 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>somewhereexotic
<Content>Quaint and trendy Decor was great, complimentary wine hour was very fun, games were everywhere, neat decor in room. The room was on the small side, but had everything you needed - plus it was clean and very nicely decorated. The only problem we had was that our reservation through orbitz wasn't on file with the hotel. But that was not a problem b/c they had availability.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LOVED the Serrano Hotel!! Our stay at the Serrano couldn't have been better. I must have spent 4 months trying to find a hotel searching tripadvisor reviews. We wanted an economical hotel that didn't sound like it was falling apart and was close to the cable cars. I am very picky and have never stayed in a BB or a motel. As a result I was afraid of trying a BB in SF. The Serrano was perfect. It's just as pretty as the pictures show and the staff was extremely nice. EVERY time we went in or out, we were asked if we needed help or needed a car, you name it. I also noticed one review in reference to discrimination. Perhaps this has changed because I saw colored customers and they were treated no different. The front desk employee was also colored and she was extremely helpful. There is also a nice amount of staff available. I highly recommend this hotel. The cable cars are a quick walk away and there's a great parking garage directly across from the hotel's front door that's $18-24 per day. I got the hotel for $119 for a queen bed room on Expedia. Oh, and the room was very nice and really roomy. Maybe the doubles are crowded but our 1 queen bed room was great.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location - poor Reception staff Arrived on a busy night, the room was allocated was next to a lift with noisy neighbours, when request for relocation was eventually agreed to the next room was also unacceptable, someone had been ill  the room required a very good airing prior to next occupation. Eventually allocated a smoking room (we are non smokers) but were tired and accepted under duress.Moved the next day  was content for remainder of visit.Doormen are exceptional, very informative.Very good location, 2 blocks Union Sq, short walk Market Street.Breakfast staff very surly to the point of rudeness  food uninviting, go a block round the corner to Max's (recommended by Abdul the doorman), a restaurant I would recommend to anyone!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>homer218
<Content>Good Experience At the Serrano from Oct. 17-21. Got a very good price on Priceline. Hotel clerk very friendly. Asked for and received a single smoking room up high, on the 14th floor. It was a corner room with a good view of the skyline. When I asked at check-in where I could watch the telecast of my beloved Steelers, the clerk said someone would call my room. Five minutes later Chad called, told me, and when I saw him in the lobby, he directed me to the sports bar a block and 1/2 away. Thereafter, I was referred to by name. The room was well appointed with a good view, plenty of room for a single person,immaculate bathroom with LARGE towels,and impressive soaps and lotions, bathrobes for use, two papers every morning...The S.F. Chronicle and USA Today..., tea and coffee in the lobby every morning, and free wine between 5 and 6pm. Just a short walk to Union Square, and to Powell Street where the cable car turns around and one can catch BART to the airport. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Management needs to know: Good manners are free When we called for a confirmation, which all three reservationists said did not exist, we were rudely addressed and cooly referred to the on-line agency that had made the original booking. Hotel.com had our reservation dates correctly and after calling the Serrano and discovering THEY had the wrong dates we decided that a conference call with the hotel was necessary. During the conference call we were treated to no fewer than three uncaring, hostile individuals. Each attempt to clarify our situation was met with, I really couldn't say, We didn't make a mistake and finallyI connected you with reservations. Apparently they are away from the desk so just leave a voice message. I don't handle these issues and they're busy. This entire event took over an hour and finally we simply chose another hotel.  On the positive side....THANK YOU HOTEL----!! AND ESPECIALLY AMY.....Lillian  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Gorgeous Hotel, Horrilbe Snooty Staff (except doormen) I saw the hotel online and was impressed with the photos. I was even more impressed seeing it in person. Gorgeous! The only gripe I have is with the staff (except for the doormen who were very nice and helpfuléˆ¥îšºhanks guys!!)The first staff person at the check in desk was snobby, but I was excited about the hotel so I didnéˆ¥æª› pay her much attention. The next day we went out and came back to ask about any near-by car rental places. The person we encountered at the desk gave a very obvious éˆ¥æ¸¬ouéˆ¥æª™e not good enough to be here lookéˆ¥?while spitting out a snooty éˆ¥æ¸ƒan I help you?éˆ¥?Again I ignored it and asked about the car rental. He didnéˆ¥æª› know. The helpful gentleman manning the front door did. By the way, the car rental place was only a couple of blocks away.Then our hot water went cold. We called the front desk and got the same éˆ¥æ¸‰elpfuléˆ¥?clerk. He said someone would come to take a look, but no one did and the hot water didnéˆ¥æª› come back. The staff turned a great hotel into a bad time. Too many other great hotels in San Fran to deal with their bad manners.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Patuli
<Content>Overall and enjoyable stay My husband and I stayed here the weekend of Sept. 25 - 28. We checked in at night and headed in the wrong direction to the restaurant where we had reservations. You'll know when you're walking in the 'wrong' direction - more liquer stores, vagrants, sex parlors etc. Walking in the right direction feels much safer. Perhaps we were spoiled by the brand new Onyx hotel of the Kimpton chain in Boston, but the Serrano just seemed a bit worn. From the lobby to the worn carpet, to the room. Our room was clean, small - with the brick wall view (we'd asked for a view). What I like about the Kimpton hotels are the quaint happy hours that allow you to mingle with other hotel guests. There was a massage therapist during one happy hour and a tarot card reader the next. We may try the Monaco next time - also Kimpton but looks a little fresher.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dsc434232
<Content>Well appointed guest rooms, friendly staff I stayed here due to a great rate, but was especially satisfied with the well appointed guest room (marble bathroom, pliush carpeting) and friendly service. I missed the wine reception, but enjoyed the free high speed internet and an excellent view of the city lights. Highly recommended - especially if you are looking for good value.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Small rooms but nice. Very nice, although the room was very small. We had 4 people in a double room and we were very cramped. The building is very old which explains the small rooms. The overall condition and atmosphere inside the hotel was great. The hotel is just on the edge of the 'bad neighborhood', so make sure you go in the right direction when walking. Good location if you want to be near Union Square, not so good if you want to be near Fishermans Wharf or the Marina.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly recommended We first stayed at the Serrano in January of 2003. Having decided to visit San Francisco I started doing some google searches and chose it because it looked quite nice. Let me tell you - after a 18 hour journey the place seemed like heaven. A very comfortable bed and a well appointed bathroom were more than welcome sights. We enjoyed our stay so much we came back in 2004 for another two week stay. I found a fantastic rate by regularly checking their website - which was just as well as my wife had let it be known that we can stay anywhere you like as long as it's the Serrano.I had been a bit worried that it might not be as good as we remembered - my concerns were groundless. The staff were as friendly, the room was as nice, the atmosphere was as good as we remembered. The staff were attentive without being intrusive and the rooms were kept very clean. Just make sure you ask for a high floor - you can get some good views if you get the right room.Special mention goes to Jose in the Ponzu restaurant (a constant source of good advice on where to eat) and to Chet the doorman (who was the only person in the whole city who didn't think we were Irish).Finally, I can think of no better recommendation to give it than that we are already planning our next two week stay there in 2005.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel My husband and I stayed at the Serrano Hotel last week for our 16th Wedding Anniversary. We both really liked it. The rooms and bathroom are small but everything else was great, all the staff was very friendly including the maid service. I can't complain about the price either, we would definitely stay at the Serrano again.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good deal Just returned from 10 days in Calif. This was one of the best places we stayed at. Good value for the price. Location is good for walking to shopping and eating areas. S.F. is a big city with all that goes with it but we felt safe here. Reasonable parking garage with in and out rights on corner right next door. This is an older hotel with new remodeling, decorating. We appreciate older charm but not every one does. Rooms and bathrooms are rather small. Good deal.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>goobygirl
<Content>Serrano, Quaint, Clean, and Convenient I travelled to San Francisco right after Easter and stayed a week at the Serrano. I loved the experience! As we approached the front desk, the bell boy asked if we wanted white or red - wine, that is. We arrived during their happy hour which is 5-6 pm daily. They serve snacks and wines in the lobby area. There were also free chair massages and a tarot card reader in the lobby.We got a corner room on the 15th floor. Not a stupendous view, but good for the location of the building. The bathroom was stocked with Aveda products and lots of towels. The bathroom does not have a separate vanity area and only one small shelf. The bedding was generous, with blankets, comforters, and a duvet. Several pillows and throw pillows. The king bed was very comfortable.The room was small, and it was difficult to unpack because we had one small closet and only two drawers under the armoire. There are individual thermostats in each room. We liked the fact that we had internet access, but had problems using this service. After helping their corporate people figure this out, we got a complimentary fruit basket as an apology. The hotel has a sister hotel, the Monaco, right around the corner, which has a spa, small pool, sauna, and steam room. Serrano guests can use it free of charge (except for spa services, of course!)Not far from there is Millenium, one of the best gourmet, beautiful organic vegetarian restaurants I have visited. It also has a full bar, featuring organic alcoholic beverages. I took several pictures of the restaurant and even the food (well after most people had left and we had gotten a little tipsy on the organic vodka).I was not put off by the location of the Serrano, it is in the theatre district. We walked to restaurants and the like at night. One budget conscious strategy we employed was buying water, soda, and snacks, taking out some of the honor bar items (temporarily) and stocking our own mini fridge. I so hate to pay more than I have to for common items like that!There is also a sushi restaurant on premises, which was busy most nights. There are plenty of restaurants to walk to and the trolley service is not far from the hotel. Down by Union square there was also a very good pizza walk in/dine in place that had great, cheap pizza, just in case you get the munchies. The concierge recommended it.I would recommend the Serrano to those who would like to visit a smaller hotel with friendly people and nice rooms. We were greeted pleasantly every day and our needs were very well met.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>2xhappy
<Content>One of the best This hotel was one of the finest, friendliest hotels I have stayed at in San Francisco. I really loved the place....quite elegant actually without attitude. Although situated in the theatre district, (according to guides, this can be a problem area at night....I never found this to be!)this was never a problem and I would recommend this grand hotel to anyone visiting San Francisco. ....A visitor from England. Oct 2003.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DavidDC
<Content>Interesting Hotel Had a nice stay at the Serrano. Looking at the pictures, I would have thought that it was a bit more Spanish in style. Really, its kind of decorated like a circus. That said, if you're into that, as opposed to the typical botique minimalism, its decorated like a high quality circus. The staff is friendly, and loan out cords for the high speed internet. The gym is serviceable, modern, and clean. There is a computer with networked printer for use. The rooms are a bit on the small side, but there are few rooms to a floor, so you feel a bit like its a private hotel.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ursirius
<Content>Oh what a charmer Having read some of the reviews here, we called ahead and asked for a room with a view i.e. no brickwall to face. We got a lovely room on the 15th floor, maybe not huge but also not small. Maybe we got a room upgrade as well, wouldn't know as I have only seen that one room. Yes, the bathroom is a bit on a small side and we could have done with a bit more shelf space but hey, we can survive a few days without. The room itself was immaculate and very clean, it was nice for a change to be in bath/shower area with no black mold marks as are found even in the best hotels. When we arrived, the Lady at the reception, Pam, was busy and a bit dour. In no time though, she cheered up responding to our excitement. It was the end of long working day for her and even I think it is hard to look cheerful 24 hours a day. I don't know where the 'young not white people', who gave a review about them being racially biased were, most of the staff were people of colour, asians or new immigrants. The clientele we could see, was in all shades of colour and age. Maybe our young couple have just encountered a bad day, happens to the best of us. The location was also excellent (if you ignored the seedy direction), we walked everywhere i.e. DO NOT rent a car, besides the parking fees are huge $40.00 incl. tax a day for a taurus. If you must rent or drive up, left on O'farrel street is a much cheaper place, I think about $18.00 for 24 hours. If and when we head back to this magical city, Serrano will definitaly be our choice again.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AllieL
<Content>What's with the bad attitude? The rooms were great, although our bathroom layout was a little cramped - everything was in fairly good condition - However, the service in this hotel was very disappointing - while the porters  the doormen were great, the front desk definitely had attitude issues  seem extremely unfriendly - we didn't even ask for anything extra or out of the ordinary - just where to go to brunch  how to catch a cab! - housekeeping neglected to refill our bath products even though it was obvious that we needed more! - we've been to other Kimpton Hotels  have receved much better customer service - spend the extra $$$  stay at Hotel Monaco (right around the corner) or the Triton!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel with outstanding value for price Great hotel for price. Location was convenient and within easy walking distance to Union Square.Area a little seedy at night. Also liked the proximity to convenience stores and Starbucks. Room was a little small but efficient in its setup. Loved the high speed internet connection which was easy to use and efficient. All services provided were great and rooms were clean and well serviced. Decor was cheery and room was well appointed. Loved the robe. The safe in room was very convenient and its size was perfect for storing even my laptop. Loved the convenience of the honor bar in the room and overall a great experience. Would definitely stay here again and recommend to others.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Read This!!!! Great price, location, service, and Clean!! This is a good hotel at a good price with good service and near convenient stores for travelers. I booked for 3 nights, and ended up staying 1 week (April 11th - 16th). ROOMS: I booked the Luxury Suite for 3 folks (includes a 1-city view window private bedroom, and a separate private living room (that had a queen sofa bed, 3 city-view windows, mini bar, fridge, desk, etc.). Closets are large!! The valet parking is well worth the price (24 hour access to your car and service is quick to the door). LOCATION: The location of the hotel is within walking distance from Union Square, Nob Hill, and we even walked to China Town. Hotel is near Walgreens, Starbucks, Macy's, Boarders, and many sister hotels in the area with plenty of restaurants. Very safe to walk at night (use common sense of course). QUALITY: Is that of your average 4 or 5 star hotel. (Some minor stains on the wall papper, however the bathrooms were exceptionally CLEEEEAAN!! with white terry cloth robes.) All the staff was very friendly and eager to help with anything. DECOR: Plush lobby with plenty of sitting areas decorated in an antique Spanish-Old World motiff. Great place to sit and relax. I would definitely stay here again. This feels like an Old Hollywood styled hotel. -Ben  
<Date>Apr 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>josef3
<Content>Mannequins staring at you in bed!!!/Creepy Neighborhood I normally stay at the Palomar but it was booked so I stayed at the Serrano since it falls under the Kimpton Group. The lobby was beautiful, the employees were all very pleasant but my room was freaking me out. I stayed in the A.C.T. Geary Theater Suite and it was bizarre to say the least. An old lady mannequin in the bedroom, a garish black and white lifesize photo of some creepy looking actress leaning over my bed which was set up to look like a stage and get this, movie theater seats at the foot of the bed. Too strange. I will admit when I first saw the bedroom I burst into laughter and wondered if I was on some kind of hidden camera show. On a positive note, the Bathroom had a huge bathtub which great. The living room was the Green Room. Lots of theater props and stuff in the living room.I suppose if I was into the theater or smoked alot of dope I would have appreciated this room; I didn't.The neighbordhood, the Tenderloin is downright creepy. Crackheads, crack ******, homeless galore, garbage on the sidewalk, in the streets.Wouldn't recommend it due to the area for women or the elderly due to safety reasons.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My cat and I love the Serrano Yes, a nice hotel that not only accepts pets at no extra charge but actually has services to cater to them. I was able to take my diabetic cat with me rather than board him and spare the worry and guilt. They do require you to sign a policy that says that pets are not allowed to be unattended in the room. I imagine this is to prevent barking from lonely dogs, and protection against liability. The nature of my visit forced me to ignore their policy, and I slipped the maid a few bucks to smooth things over and arranged times to service the room since they won't enter with a pet present if you are not there. The housekeeping staff is very nice and accommodating, something I find is rare in US hotels. This is one of the few hotels that I can honestly say there wasn't a thing I could find to complain about, and I'm no pushover. I asked for a quiet room, and they gave me a room (Rm 1217) with no common walls with other guests. Though it was right next to the elevator, I never heard anyone else. They reserve the 12th floor for guests with pets and I think I had the floor largely to myself. The rooms were spotless, tastefully furnished, and bathrobes provided. The onsite restaurant is a wireless hotspot. The hotel hosts a nightly complementary happy hour and the staff urges you throughout the day to attend. Every time I returned to the hotel the door was opened for me with a very hearty welcome back! I highly recommend that you book directly on the serranohotel.com site. They have a price match guarantee with benefits. So I booked direct then priced it on Expedia, which was lower of course. I called the hotel, and they matched the price with no problem. I saved $112 this way. Plus the price match guarantee includes a free upgrade and late checkout, and they did upgrade my room upon request for free. The only problem I had the entire stay was upon check out they had slipped in an additional $10 charge for the valet parking ($35 a day) because they said my vehicle was oversized. I drive a midsize, and I argued the point. After a minute or so the bell captain and doorman jumped to my defense and vouched to the clerk that my car was by no stretch of the imagination oversize. The desk clerk rescinded the charge with a very nice apology. I will most definitely stay at the Serrano whenever I am in San Francisco again.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Convienent Location I took my wife to the Serrano for a surprise three day trip for her birthday. We found the hotel to be a wonderful place to stay. The rooms were tastefully decorated, the beds very comfortable. The rooms were a little small, but we were looking for a quaint hotel and the Serrano fit the bill nicely. The staff was pleasent and very helpful. The location is two blocks off the cable car line, we even took the train to the Powell St. Station from the airport and walked to the hotel. It was a 4-5 block walk. Rental cars are 1/2 block away. We had a great time in San Francisco and our stay at the Serrano enhanced the experience. We will certianly stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Home from home Before arriving I was concerned about the proximity to the Tenderloin. This really was not a problem as you walk out of the front door of the hotel, across the road and in a couple of blocks you are at Union Square. The hotel had a very warm and friendly feeling and the staff were without exception extremely helpful. Yes the rooms can be small, and was an inital shock, but when you discover the excellent attention to detail, plush furnishings and comfy bed, the room size is no longer an issue. The room was quiet, but my only criticism is that you could not open the windows. Wouldn't hesitiate to stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A very nice hotel at a great price. I recently stayed at the Serrano hotel for 3 nights and found the hotel to be an attractive choice. The staff is friendly, the rooms are spotless, and the bath amenities are faboo. The rooms were also extremely quiet and the windows totally soundproof. They were a little small which is why im ranking this an above average instead of excellent, but it wasn't that big of a deal. It's probably not a good idea to do more than 2 or 3 people in one room. The hotel is a couple blocks from Union Square and not too far from public transportation. I did end up spending a forture on cabs because the city somewhat hard to navigate. There always seemed to be cabs right outside the hotel door which was convenient. I got a deal for $73 a night with taxes included because I am a travel agent. If you want a plush hotel room in a great city for a great price, the Serrano is it. Make sure to go to Dottie's true blue cafe around the block for breakfast. There usually is a line in the morning but it is totally worth it. I've never had a breakfast so good in my entire life. Ask the front desk how to get there.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Chic and Awesome! Full of City Flavor! I got a room here from Hotwire for like 60 bucks, which is a rarity in any big city, esp. San Fran! Anyways, we were overall VERY happy. By reading the other 100 positive reviews on here you can probably tell that this is indeed a great place to stay, and I am just going to mention a few things that other guests neglected to. OK, well the staff is great and our check in was pleasant. Up to our room, small but cozy, and great decorating! The bathroom was small too, but very clean and the designer Aveda amentites was a plus. Bathrobes are a great touch too. Everyday our room was made over, and the housekeeping did a great job keeping things spotless. In the morning the hotel treats all guests to free newspapers and Illy expresso, it is great to see awesome coffee in a hotel for free, usually you just get the cheap stuff. a BIG BIG BIG plus was the free buisness center with (angels-singing) high speed internet! I have never seen this before for free in a major city and, although I sometimes had to wait 5-10 mins for a computer, it was well worth it. Next door to the hotel is a small cigar and wine shop, and the hotel has a comp. wine reception in the late afternoon with light snacks and wine sampling. Although, yes the building is older and about 2 block over is a shady neighborhood, this is a GREAT HOTEL that I have seen featured on Sam Brown's Travel Channel show as a favorite and I reccomend it too!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel! I've stayed at the Serrano on many occasions and have always had a very pleasant stay. While the rooms can be small, the hotel is quaint and the staff is courteous and accommodating. The atmosphere is warm and appealing and the rooms are cheerfully decorated. I find the location to be ideal, especially for Union Square shopping and the theater. I hightly recommend this boutique hotel!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nicely decorated but small rooms Looking at the pictures offered on the websites you would think the rooms were a decent size. I was slightly disappointed when I actually got to see how small and cramped the rooms were. Although my fiancee did remind me that a hotel was just a place to sleep, I expected a little more room. I also didn't like the fact that there was a door that lead to the room next door (don't know if this is a standard thing for boutique hotels). For the price I paid, I just wish the room was a little larger. Also, the website listed a Concierge services which we were told right away when we got there that there were no such services. However, I have to admit the staff was very helpful and one particular gentlemen was always so willing to help us with directions and advice as to the best places to dine,etc. The rooms were ALWAYS clean and I have to admit I love the shower and the decore! Like a previous reviewer, I also got stuck with the room facing the brick building. I also advise not getting a car for an entire week. (however, the parking right across the hotel was $10 cheaper/day than the hotel parking.) Location wise, It was extremely convient to walk to many locations in San Francisco! Quite close to China town too! And oh so close to my favorite Restaurant with a view Cityscape! However, it is near Tenderloin (the shady neighborhood of San Francisco) and yes there are lots of homeless people and strip joints around the corner. Quite shady indeed. But if you don't walk towards Tenderloin then I guess you'll be okay...But I still must say that it's an easy walk to many great locations in San Francisco.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>citychicky
<Content>Nice Hotel, Okay location... I liked this hotel, the beds were very comfortable, the staff was very nice and accommodating and the bathrooms (and bathrobes) were great. The location of the hotel is okay for daytime sightseeing - you can walk to the cable cars and downtown shopping. Night time is slightly different. The restaurant attached to the hotel seemed somewhat pricey and there are few options to walk to. If you go in one direction (east I think?) it starts to get a little seedy. That said, we found a perfectly reasonable irish style pub a few blocks away for drinks one night, that was great. Overall, I liked this hotel. Sure the rooms arent extra large but I would rather have quality over quantity any day. I would defintely stay here or in a sister hotel again.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lyssa123
<Content>I loved the Serrano My mother and I visited San Francisco in Dec 2003 for a long weekend. We stayed at the Serrano Hotel. It was lovely, clean, quiet, and very centrally located. We were two blocks from the Powell Street Trolley and Union Square. It was an easy walk to all the Galleries and shopping, plus very easy to get to Market and catch every imaginable street car, bus or light rail available in SF. The staff was lovely, friendly and knowledgeable. I would definately visit the Serrano again!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>3dogs
<Content>Great Staff and Location My husband and I spent four nights at Serrano and it was just perfect. The doormen, concierge and desk staff knew our names and greeted us each time we passed through the lobby. We especially enjoyed the wine hour and the lobby was very cozy. The rooms and bathrooms are small but adequate and the location is perfect. We got a great price on-line. We will definitely return to this hotel when we're back in San Francisco.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel I would certainly recommend this hotel. I planned a surprise trip for my boyfriend and I to San Francisco and stayed at the Serrano Hotel. The hotel was beautiful and the room was a good size. I do a lot of traveling and this was by far one of the easiest places to deal with. The staff was very attentive, friendly and even remembered our names. We were allowed to see the rooms before check-in and choose the one that we liked the most. They really wanted to make our stay a good one and I appreciate that. It's nice when people actually care about doing their job well.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MexJane
<Content>Loved the Serrano Our expectionas were high and we were not disappointed during our recent three night stay at the Serrano. The decor was fabulous, the personnel were top notch. Always a smile and a greeting, the evening wine bar and snack from Ponzu restaurant were excellent, the chair massage and tarot card readings during happy hour were tons of fun. Our morning paper was always there and maid service was excellent. The location was ideal. We can't wait to stay again.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall a good hotel! We stayed at the Serrano on our second trip to San Francisico in 2002 - I booked through Expedia - it was one of their special Name your hotel class and location for $99 and we'll tell you where the hotel is afterwards. This hotel is farther away from Union Square, but still in an OK neighborhood. The first room we were in was very small, with a double bed and a TINY bathroom. It was very updated and clean though. Luckily for us, on the second day we were upgraded to a 3 room suite that had a bathroom the size of our first room. All this for only $50 total for the rest of the stay. That was a great room! The staff was very helpful and pleasant. I don't think I would stay there again unless I could get the suite for a good price, only because there a similarly priced hotels closer to Union Square.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful stay I just stayed at the Serrano for 5 nights and had no complaints whatsoever. I got a great rate thru an online discounter, but was treated well and given a room on the 11th floor (high enough to avoid traffic noise). Everyone, whether on the phone or in person, was helpful and nice.The room was probably average-sized for SF (a nice way of saying it was cozy, i.e. small), with nice linens, towels and Aveda soaps, etc. My only complaint would be that the water pressure in the shower was too high, but that at least beats the alternative.The hotel is on a corner about 2 blocks west (I think) from Union Square, so the neighborhood isn't as nice as the east side, or certainly Nob Hill, but as long as you head toward Union Square, there's nothing to be afraid of. Lots of restaurants nearby, of course, and the downtown-cum-mall environment surrounding the square made it feel safe after dark, too.All in all, a great stay.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>L_Des_Georges
<Content>Overall, I would have to say - yuck.   showReview(1372592, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChrisVancouver
<Content>Great hotel   showReview(1365043, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2003
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beats The Multi-National Business-focused chains   showReview(1354152, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lkcoolk
<Content>Be Careful   showReview(1236818, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel!   showReview(1217778, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Choice!!   showReview(1131945, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>They Double Charged a hole wedding block   showReview(1087756, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>discriminatory and snobby   showReview(1070328, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved our stay   showReview(995620, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad   showReview(860780, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Klodia
<Content>Ottimo Hotel   showReview(22469350, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rodrohe
<Content>Fantastico   showReview(22083999, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Siamo soddisfatti   showReview(20551097, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DaMaMilano
<Content>Carino, pulitissimo e centrale   showReview(19507153, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zu empfehlen   showReview(19629903, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un bon hä¹ˆtel au centre de San Francisco   showReview(19629902, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Serrano Hotel San Francisco   showReview(15567781, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(15567780, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ç’¨å³°å¼¾éŠ‡æ›˜å€¢éŠ‡ç†´ä»¸éŠ‡î†ºå„§éŠ‰å—å„·   showReview(19169690, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Angenehmes Hotel mit kleinen Macken   showReview(13977090, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(13977089, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zentrale Lage in SF mit guter Anbindung   showReview(13977088, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'y retournerai è„¿ mon prochain voyage è„¿ San Francisco   showReview(11437572, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Consigliabile   showReview(11365925, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bien situèŒ… pour se promener è„¿ SF   showReview(11331444, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

