<Author>Mozsacan
<Content>Good hotel but disappointed about exorbitant food prices I am a Hilton Diamond VIP and travel extensively for business and leisure. Stayed here 6 nights with family between Xmas and New Years. This was my third stay at this hotel in the past 20 months. Good property, although I agree with reviewer SingaporeGuy10 on his assessment about overcrowding of exec lounge on 37th floor. We ended up getting a spot everyday for both breakfast and evening cocktails but it certainly packed to the limits. The staff at the exec lounge tried their best but sometimes found it hard to cope - this is a problem at many Hilton properties, in my opinion. I found the overcrowding problem actually worse at the Conrad in HKG. The food in the Tokyo Hilton's lounge is OK, but not as good as other properties - the best I can recall was Hitlon Bangkok and Conrad Singapore. Service at Tokyo Hilton was good, especially concierge and housekeeping. However, we found the food  bev. prices at their restaurants to be not only very high but TERRIBLE value for money. At their Teppan Grill, for new year's eve, we were charged $1250 for 3 people. We knew this going in but expected a gourmet experience (supposedly a Japanese 5-course dinner). What came out was VERY average food. It's very disappointing and does not serve Hilton well. On another occasion, at their atrium cafe, we were charge the equivalent of US$11 per cup of coffee - Yes, US$11. And no refills. 2 cups of coffee and one slice of dessert ~ US$45.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>bearsinatra
<Content>Outstanding Value and very Modern! I have been coming to Tokyo two to three times a year for the last 17 years and always stayed at the Hyatt across the street because it was a little more convenient for my trade shows. I loved the Hyatt because the service was always outstanding, and it is a beautiful hotel with very nice rooms. But I finally tried the Hilton for my trade show from Dec. 5 - Dec. 15th because the Hyatt has kept creeping its prices up, even with the deflationary economy and the weak dollar, and I wanted to save a little money this time. Boy was I pleasantly surprised! The new modern deluxe rooms with the very ergonomic chair, glass work desk and a supercool swing-arm light are outstanding! The bed is fabulous and more comfortable than the Hyatt's, and is better than at any Hilton where I have stayed in the US. Also, the aircon unit is powerful (I like a very cool room), and I always slept very comfortably because of the cool temp. All the years that I have been at the Hyatt, I have never been able to make my room cool enough to where I was comfortable. I have complained at the Hyatt for years about what I jokingly called their Arctic Blast Air Conditioning System,and for all of their efforts over the years, the maintenance people could never get any room I have ever stayed in, from Regency Club down to the Gold Passport floors, to stay consistently cool--it could be a hotel design problem, I just don't know. But to be able to make my room the perfect temperature was a delightful bonus at the Hilton. The very best thing about the Hilton is the Japanese style onsen (i.e. HOT) bath with adjoining cool dip, kosen. It is like a giant jacuzzi with an ice bath next to it. You could make the hot bath as hot as you wanted by adjusting the temp control on the spigot at the left side of the bath (I have never seen this anywhere else in the world) and literally cook yourself, and then, hop into the icy cool dip pool--it was truly wonderful. I have been swimming in the Sky Pool at the Hyatt for 17 years and it was always too warm for me, but the pool at the Hilton was nice and cool and never as crowded as the Hyatt's for swimming laps. The gym is very large by Japanese standards and is three times the size of the Hyatt's, so fitness buffs should prefer the Hilton. They also have two full size tennis courts. Hilton Honors Silver and up have free access to the Fitness Center and I consider this a much more valuable perk than executive floor and lounge access. My attitude is that the lounge is really only good for the free booze because Japan has the most wonderful variety of high quality restaurants available, why tie yourself to the obligation of eating in the lounge just because it's free? Go out and have a great time. My favorite noodle place nearby the Hilton is Tenka-Ippen. It is near the post office over by the Keio Plaza and has the best noodles and Gyoza that I have found so far in Tokyo. It also has great Kimchi (the spicy Korean Cabbage dish) and a sliced pork plate with a delicious sauce that is literally covered with onions (leeks)--truly wonderful! Sorry to diverge off of the Hilton, I just don't think that lounge access is that important!The service at the Hilton was always outstanding and, as is typical almost everywhere in Japan, their standards of cleanliness and maintenance where very high. I needed a replacement bulb for my desk work light at 2 AM one night, and two staff showed-up at my door in less than 5 minutes to fix it. Honestly, the Hyatt is the same, and it may be the case all over Japan because Japanese almost universally take great pride in their work,and want to do the very best job, whether it is mopping the floor, stocking the drinks at the mini-mart or serving you in a restaurant. The Hilton was outstanding, and I will be staying there again in May!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Broken_Iris
<Content>Amazing service for a chain hotel After nine nights at the Hilton Tokyo this past September, I can say this: It's got the best service I've ever had a Hilton.The hotel is about two to three hours from Narita Airport by bus, depending on traffic, which is the easiest and cheapest way to get there. Once you get there, the entire city of Tokyo is easily accessible to you. It's less than 15 minutes to walk to Shinjuku station where you can pick up the JR or take the subway to any of the wonders Tokyo has to offer. The hotel had a lot to offer for a city hotel. Rooms were good sized, which was nice to see after hearing horror stories about Tokyo hotels. The gym was large and clean and the staff was always ready with complimentary bottled water or towels. There were tennis courts, but they were fully booked during my stay. Umbrellas were available to guests, free of charge and taxis were plentiful. One of the nice things about the area the hotel is in, is that there is little street traffic. It's a very easy five minute walk to several 7-11 type stores (and two McDonalds if you just couldn't make it another day without a big mac). Insider tip: you can walk almost the entire distance between the Shinjuku station and the hotel underground by follwing the signs to the Tokyo government building, which was great for chilly days.The breakfast buffet, though expensive, was a good way to start the day. It had something for everyone from American standards like pancakes, to crepes, to simple Japanese dishes. On a less enthusiastic note, the hotel bar was deserted and too pricey for what it offered. There was a Belgian place called Frigo a few blocks south west that got most of our business.I'll close with an example of how good the service was. During my stay, I experienced a small earthquake one morning in my room. The hotel front desk actually apologized for the earthquake when I inquired about it later that day. You don't get that kind customer service at Hiltons in New York or London!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SingaporeGuy10
<Content>Newly renovated Executive Floor but DO NOT expect much I stayed at the Hilton Tokyo over the Christmas period for 5 days - mainly for business but because Tokyo is such a dynamic city, I decided to extend for a few days to catch up with the vibrancy of the city. Unfortunately, my experience with the Hilton Tokyo in Shunjuku was not as positive. The hotel website proclaims quite proudly that it now has newly renovated rooms and an executive floor. Well, thats as far as it goes really. While the rooms look nice and new (for now), the housekeeping is somewhat not what you would expect of a top notch Hilton property and certainly I have seen much better standards at the Grand Hyatt (though its more expensive) and the Conrad Tokyo (excellent, simply excellent). However, the WORST aspect is really the Executive Lounge, which is way way too small to cater to some 7 whole floors of executive rooms! Poor planning must have been the root cause of this anomaly. I am sure there must be some tried and tested formula for how large the executive lounge should be per 10 rooms and so on, but clearly, this was NOT the case here. The lounge was so congested and crowded and stuffy during the peak periods (breakfast and evening cocktails), it was quite a sad sight. The staff at the executive lounge kept struggling with the demands of the guests, and the food etc was slow to be replenished. I saw hotel guests being turned away during breakfast and evening cocktails! I was quietly observing the mayhem (the concierge staff tried to be as polite as they could but really, the situation is unforgivable) including one American gentleman saying loudly that he has stayed in many Hiltons in his lifetime and he found this to be a disgrace to the name of the hotel chain. My verdict is: DO NOT pay the extra and stay at the executive floors unless you do not really intend to use the lounge. However, with the money you will pay, I think it far more value-add and sensible to stay at some of the other better 4 to 5 star hotels in Tokyo (of which there are many).  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>1	2	4	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>mambojo
<Content>Not the place to stay if your picky By no means is this a bad hotel but it's quite ordinary and very over priced. The rooms are clean and size is average for Tokyo.The rooms are on the older side and could do with a refurbishingFront desk staff speak some English and are quite courteous. Shinjuku is a very good location with great shopping access and easy access to transport.. Last year I stayed at Century Southern Hotel in Shinjuku and it's far superior and often in the same price range,(you might want to check it) unfortunately they were booked up this time. If you are looking for a romantic spot this is not the place. The restaurants are way too expensive in this hotel and don't exchange your currency here as they charge twenty percent which is ridiculous.If you are from America I can tell you that my room was slightly better than a Hampton Inn but much more money.A glass of average red wine is about $13.00 and thats a wine that you could buy the bottle for less than what they charge for the glass. The lobby of this hotel is nothing great but certainly respectable. If you want to access Internet it will cost you about $18.00 USD per day. I travel a lot around the world and I have stayed in many hotels this would not rank highly at all.Pros: Good Location, Friendly staff, Cons: Way overpriced, older rooms, expensive restaurants,  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>IntegralPoker
<Content>Gorgeous western-style hotel in Tokyo The first impression of the Hilton Tokyo is of a beautiful lobby with a large restaurant/bar and several others on the first and second floors. The check-in service was perfect, and they were very forgiving of my lack of knowledge of Japanese.The room also was lovely... free Internet, a great bed, perfect temperature controls, and a clean bathroom with the best water pressure from a shower that I can remember in years. The room had a large desk, a comfortable reading chair, and plenty of room for unpacking. The views of Tokyo from the upper floors were interesting for this first-time visitor. The concierge was helpful with explaining travel options getting around the city.The restaurant off of the lobby serves a western-style buffet breakfast, which also includes Japanese breakfast foods for the adventurous. I stuck with the American breakfast, and since I was a bit concerned about the food I'd get the rest of the day, I definitely ate a lot there and had as much coffee as I could stand.The prices can tend to be high, but it was a great place to stay... close enough (but not too close) to Metro stations and to Shinjuku Station. I'd happily stay there on any business trip.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JCSide
<Content>Nice enough, nothing special       View from room  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>pcess_jo
<Content>Centrally located with great service I stayed here during my trip to Tokyo and it was great. We had arrived rather early and there wasnt any room available as yet. As we had been travelling the night before with a baby, we needed to change him and freshen ourselves up before we went out. The service staff were very nice to arrange for us to use the gym facilities and freshen up while they tried to get a room available. The hotel is very centrally located. Other than the free bus service to Shinjuku station, there are 2 other stations within 3-5mins walking distance. It was simply fabulous especially when you don't wish to wait for the bus.Also, there is a 24hours Dennys across the road which is good when you have hunger pangs in the middle of the night.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>nwajustdoit
<Content>Nicest Hilton I ever stayed This is the best Hilton I have ever stayed in my whole life. I have stayed in Hilton hotels around the world including at Toronto, Miami, Chicago, Sao Paulo, Paris, Frankfurt and I have found it top amongst others in terms of room quality, size, amenities and restaurants.I stayed in executive junior suite and the accommodation in absolutely fantastic with plush bedding, oversized windows, work-desk, good shower and above all morning breakfast and evening cocktails at executive lounge. The quality and variety of the food is first class and best in service. Staff is polite and humble and takes care of all your needs immediately. Its proximity to train stations is a plus. I only tried couple of restaurants in the hotel and found them decently priced comparing with same in other nearby hotels. Shinju-ku is a nice area to stay for westerners and I would highly recommend that Hilton should be a top choice for your next stay at Tokyo.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>gd78
<Content>Good I stayed 8 nights in this very big hotel, conveniently located near shinjuku jr station (the busiest station all over the world).Staff is extremely friendly and helpful, rooms are large, clean and quiet. Unfortunately internet access is not free (about 15$ a day), and hotel restaurants are way too expensive.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>angeliahal
<Content>great for business travel       view from window  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Brian72
<Content>Almost perfect       Room  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>mrtaker
<Content>Above average Stayed in the Tokyo Hilton Shinjuku recently. The staff were great, Very friendly and helpful, most staff spoke English well which was handy for me as I speak almost no Japanese. It's in a great location with a free bus to Shinjuku Station 3 times a hour there and back, although it's only a short walk anyway, handy if you have bags or lots of shopping, as I did! Highly recommend this hotle.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ViolentScarlet
<Content>Very satisfied with this place The Hilton Tokyo was pretty much all we could have wished for in a hotel in a foreign country. The service was top-notch, everyone was incredibly helpful. The rooms, although not terribly large, were a lot bigger than I expected, and the location was pretty good, though not exactly in the most active part of town. I have no complaints about this place and would gladly stay there if I ever came back to Tokyo.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Vlod71
<Content>Good choice in central Tokyo We stayed just one night at the Hilton Shinjuku on our way to Micronesia.The hotel has a great location - just 5 min walk from Shinjuku main streets with shops and restaurants - and is very easy to reach it from Narita with the Limousine Bus Service which stops right at the hotel front door.Our twin room was spacious, quite, clean and comfortable. Bathroom was a little bit small but above Japanese standards and furnished with everything you may need. Beds were large and comfortable.Service is very efficient: our luggage got lost and the front desk managed the communications with the airport efficiently and they recorded messages for us while we were out for dinner.I would certainly reccomend this hotel!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>ThWilmesi
<Content>Solid business hotel, good service, rather small rooms I stayed for a business trip in Tokyo at the Hilton from 6 - 25 July. Booked an Executive Deluxe Room.Arrived early in the morning, after an overnight flight, at around 10h30, check in the Executive Lounge, offered immediately early check-in, just had to wait for about 30 minutes for my room since it still had to be cleaned, but was at 11ham in my room. Very good to start, since I am HHonors Gold member they offered me additional amenities. So far so good.The rooms are on the smallish side since the hotel has been build in the eighties and at that time rooms were rather build on the small side. In particular the closet space is limited, in particular if you are there for a longer stay. Combine this that my wife joined me for about a week, our closet space then was really limited. Bathroom is also very small, but adequate with a shower which had a very good pressure. Oh if you member of HHonors and if you book a single room, they let a second person stay for free in your room.Housekeeping service always was prompt and good. The Executive Lounge is ok, the food offering was adequate and the drinks during the cocktail hours plenty, but they offer the whole day free soft drinks, coffee etc. One of the big pluses of the Executive room is that they also offer free wireless internet in your room and not only the executive lounge - extremely convenient.Nevertheless one negative of the lounge is, that since the Hilton has 6 Executive Floors, the lounge in particular for the cocktail hour is not only too full, but plainly overcrowded sometimes.Restaurants at the hotel are of good quality, but pricey. Their teppanayaki restaurant (Teppan Grill) is highly recommended, the food and service is wonderful - but you will pay a lot. Lets say a good dinner (teppanayki menu + wine) will run 500 USD for two persons.The hotel also offers a free shuttle to Shinjuku Station every 20 minutes from 7am - 10 PM, which is extremely convenient.Overall a very good business hotel with some minor weaknesses, would not hesitate to stay again there.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>redgiraffehead
<Content>Excellent hotel! I highly recommend the Hilton Tokyo. I stayed there about 2 weeks ago and I can't say enough about it.The staff is helpful, friendly and courteous.The rooms are beautifully appointed with amazing views.The location is terrific - near 2 different metro stops - Tochomae and Shinjuku, with a free shuttle to the Shinjuku station. Also, Shinjuku is such a fantastic night spot, that it's great that the hotel is within walking distance.We had breakfast included with our room (Hilton Honors program) and the food is wonderful. Huge buffet with tons of Japanese and Western choices. About 8 different types of juice alone!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>alexandre123456
<Content>Excellent stay An excellent hotel. The staff is very helpful. Upon check-in with our little todler boy, we were proposed a very nice upgrade for a small additional fee : oh boy, a suite on the executive floor. I am used to 5 star hotels all over the world, and this one makes the top of my lists. nice service all day long, attentive staff, clean room. it is around 5-10 minutes walk to the train station. we will definitely go back.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>3Gorgez
<Content>Top-Class Service Impeccable and courteous staff who goes to great lengths to assist you in obtaining any travel information required. I was checking the weather on an impending Mt Fuji trip and the staff was very patient and the weather forecast given was very accurate. Ideally located in the heart of Tokyo with a nice view of the city. We were staying on the executive floor (32nd) and the night view was amazing. Was also pampered with the cocktails / drinks available on the executive lounge.Will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>yrtx4e
<Content>Not great, but a staff's attitude change my impression I switched to stay at the Hilton in Tokyo due to I stay more in Hilton family more in the U.S. Given most of the rooms in Tokyo Hilton are renovated (except rooms on the standard Hilton Floor) so I decided to give it a try.Some earlier reviews are correct, the elevators are still v. dated. I didn't remember how the old lobby floor look, even now, it doesn't look glamourous and great. . The lift foyer and the corridor of my floor smell like a farm, i reported the next day, but the ordor was still there until I checked out. However, the ordor didn't seep into the room.Location ~ The hotel is in the heart of office buidings, there is a free hotel shuttle running every 20mins to the Shinjuku station right in front of Keio Dept store Bus stop no. 21where the shoppings and restaurants are. The Room - The simplistic reburbishment made the rooms brighter and a modern look. But definitely not luxurious. The bathroom is v. simple, only the wall around the tub replaced by some plastic wall, no tiles. There was no bathrobe in the room, you have to ask for it. I was also told they actually only offer in suites ~~ the bathrobe in fact are not quality at all, they are rough after years of combating with the washing machine.The arrival ~ bell staff was short. The bell staff dropped my bags in the check in area unattended then left. The reception check in staff was cold though polite. I asked if there s a possiblity of an upgrade for HiltonHonor VIP. I was told they only upgrade regular customers ~~ my understanding was regulars apply only to Tokyo Hilton, Hilton Honor members are not regular ) Restaurant ~ I visted their 2star Michelin French restaurant ~Twenty One. It was rather disappointed. The service definitely is under par comparing to other one-star Michelin. Many non-Michelin restaurants can produce same quality of dishes.I was rather disapointed on my first return to the Hilton after a 8-year lapse. A concierge staff changed my impression. I realized i was over-charged by a restaurant in Shinjuku on my last night. Hilton helped me to reserve the table. I didnt' realize it until the next day wondering why the dinner bill was so pricey. I asked for translation of the bill, Ms. Morita, a polite concierge staff speaks perfect English, explained to me the bill was for a table of 9 guests, while she knew I only booked a table for 4. She took down all the dishes I had order. After my meeting, she sorted everything out for me, the restaurant even sent back the new receipt and the over-charged amount. It's Ms. Morita went that extra mile for the houseguests that win my heart again.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	5	3	

<Author>walzholz
<Content>Good location, good hotel at a resonable price for Tokyo. This was my 4th stay at the Hilton Shinjuku. The rooms are very clean and well furnished. The staff is excellent. The location is close to Shinjuku train station. The only complaint would be the high prices at the in hotel restaurants. I would stay again.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Grunty
<Content>Excellent hotel What you'd expect from a Hilton Hotel. Helpful staff and great rooms. Convenient for the underground and Shinjuku where there's an array of places to eat. I also felt very safe in the building when Tokyo was rocked by an earthquake!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Giulia73
<Content>Wonderful hotel, big rooms and perfect location This hotel had the perfect location for our trip to Tokyo. The service was excellent. We got a free upgrade to executive floor since we were traveling with our 10yo daughter. We got full acces to the executive lounge and free hot breakfast buff茅 every morning.Our daughter got to play tennis (private lessons) on their roof top tennis courts every day. The hotel is conveniently located very near the subway station but the hotel even has a shuttle bus from and to the hotel from the subway station. The walking distante is otherwise less than 10 minutes. Lots of shops are to be found near the hotel.I will certainly go back to stay in the same hotel!!!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>timmymv
<Content>Best Hotel Ever 'Ichi-ban'       Best Bed ever  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>NewYorker03
<Content>Oh Hilton, you don't disappoint I'm a Hilton man and this one in Shinjuku hits the right notes. Really, the location is the only slight negative and that isn't so bad. (It's in west Shinjuku, while the real action in Shinjuku is over on the eastside about 15 minutes away by foot and even less by subway.) I stayed on the executive floor where the room was spacious and the bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was adequately large enough, though some more space would have been nice. The executive lounge was as great as they always are (well, the food  drinks are free, so why complain). The workout gym was on the small size but it had enough equipment to keep me happy.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>joelmari
<Content>Enjoyed the Hilton We stayed at the Hilton twice in May, once in a regular room, the second time on an executive floor. ( We are gold members) We were given gratis breakfast during the first stay, which was very good, a lobby restaurant buffet on the Childrens Day holiday weekend, when there were many Japanese families staying. We had the Executive lounge breakfast during the second stay and that was delicious, as was the cocktail buffet there in the evening. The rooms in which we stayed were not that much different, though I recall the Exec room had a fancy shower head and terry robes along with the traditional yukata cotton robes. The staff could not have been nicer during both stays. The Shinjuko station area has everything one could want in shopping and restaurants and it is easy to walk there, once given directions. ( the hotel has an excellent map of the area) The huge Shinjuko Garden/Park is gorgeous - and a short walk beyond the station. Having said that, the Shinjuko Station is pretty confusing - so though we took the Narita Express back to the airport on leaving, we took the Friendlylimo bus directly from Narita to the hotel on arrival .  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kaikai60
<Content>Smack bang in the middle of Shinjuku Let just say it may have not been the best hilton hotel i have stayed in but what it lacked in amenities, it gained in location satisfaction. There is a subway just a few steps from the hotel. Even better yet, Just a few minutes walk and you are in the heart of tokyo, namely Shinjuku. So if you are out for a late night, you dont even have to call a cab to take you back. Service at the hotel is amazing. The staff are really polite and helpful and they will really go out of their way to explain something to you as well. A major bonus is the room service menu... amazing food.It has been my third stay at this hilton and I will definately be going back when i return to Tokyo.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>sehr-wichtig
<Content>Remarkably good Very pleasant stay, skillfull staff, always a smile, perfectly renovated, shuttle bus easy to find, perfect highspeed Internet . Better than most Hilton Hotels.In a word: Good value for money  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>debz100
<Content>unbelievably brilliant my wife and I were on a 5 day stop over from London to NZ where we were staying at the Hilton Tokyo, within a day of arriving my wife was rushed to hospital (suprisingly right accross the road and she could see the room from her hospital bed) where she was for 2 weeks, during this time the Hilton staff were incredible, not only did they take my wife to hospital at 2am in the morning and translate her burst appendix symptoms to the Japanese doctor, but every morning for two weeks, a Hilton staff member who could speak English came to visit my wife's hospital bed, so we could communicate with the doctors and they would translate. Every morning they packed my wife a Hilton Continental Breakfast so she didn't have to endure Japanese hospital food (of course when she could finally eat). They upgraded me to the executive room for these two weeks, with no change in my (advance purchase double room) rate. This rates as the best accomodation ever... whether this was the Hilton, the nature of the Japanese or the fact that my wife is a Gold Member, we can't confirm, but don't believe that the rooms are tired, they're clean, minimal and very Japanese in style. And the view of the start of the Tokyo marathon from the rooms is fantastic. An amazing stay, even though the wife's trip was a nightmare, the Hilton made it so much easier for us both. We can't wait to see the staff again, We feel like this is a second home... and the view of Mt Fuji from the exec room on a clear day is magical  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>FashionPrima
<Content>Nice Hotel Very nice design with spacious room an good access to Disney Land. Good facilities and friendly staff. Very good staff.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>visitor123456
<Content>Clean but very tired looks I've stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in April 2008. Hotel is very old (although lobby seems to be refreshed quite recently), rooms are very simply decorated with outdated furniture, bathroom appliances are also coming from the 70s. As a frequent business traveller, I have stayed in a number of international chain hotels throughout the Asia (Thailand, China, Hong Kong, and Singapore)- I would say that this hotel is about the same level as a moderate, rather old, 3-4* hotel (like Holiday Inn or Ramada) in Shanghai or Beijing, for a price of Ritz Carlton in Shanghai. Bed is not as comfortable as one would expect from a 5 star property, towels are very thin, shower was weak in my room and very simple slippers are ok for a petite lady's feet (my shoe size is an american 6 and slippers were ok for me).  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>OCragazza
<Content>Excellent Traveling Location We booked our trip to Japan through a Japanese travel agency and this hotel was part of the package deal. It is a good location in that it is near the Shinjuku station, which is one of the major subway and JR line stops. There is also a free shuttle to and from the station, which helped (though the walk isn't bad).The hotel seems a litle nicer than your standard Hilton hotels in the US. We stayed here twice - a few days when we arrived and then a few days before we headed home. Service was great and we used the concierge service numerous times to find good restaurants around the area. It's a hit and miss with staff speaking English, although for the most part they understood us.We only ate breakfast at the hotel, which was a Japanese and Western style buffet that was excellent. However, we skipped eating restaurants on the second floor as they were a bit pricey.If Tokyo is the only city you're visiting I'd probably recommend a different hotel as Shinjuku is a business district and pretty quiet at night unless you hang out at the station (the shuttle service ends around 9:30PM). If Tokyo is one of many cities on your agenda, I thought this was a great choice. Only downside is the JR to Kyoto/Osaka leaves from Tokyo station, so you have to change stations if you venture west. I strongly recomend getting the JR pass if you do so.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>BrianDiana
<Content>A Review For Business People According to my passport, I have stayed in this hotel 23 times in the past eight years. I have been coming to Tokyo regularly on business during this time and I thought it might be useful to write a review based aimed at this type of traveller rather than a tourist.I have always stayed on an executive floor and made use of the lounge facilities. As a diamond member of the Hilton Honors program, I was surprised at first to find that room upgrades do not tend to feature in the Hilton asian region. However, the room gifts are very generous and you can expect to find a bottle of wine (very expensive here), some chocolates and fresh fruit upon arrival.The service is, of course, excellent. It starts as you arrive at the main doors where the Doorman (or more likely woman) greets you. If you are staying on the executive floor, you are taken straight to the dedicated check-in on 34. The staff there have remained constant over the past eight years and are excellent at their jobs. A swift check-in will take you to your room. The doubles are small by western standards and if you can afford it, a junior executive suite does give more reasonable space, especially if you are going to be resident for a few days.Following a major upgrade last year, the rooms are very well decorated in a fusion style with both good work and relaxation areas as well as the comfortable bed. All executive rooms have flatscreen tv's and DVD players.The views from this level are magnificent and if you are at the back of the hotel you can often see Fuji in the distance - but look early in the morning because the mountain tends to cloud up later in the day.Wireless broadband is available at no cost if you are a diamond member and there is a business centre on the lobby floor just past the Abiste concession.Room service is comprehensive and served perfectly but be prepared to pay very high prices. A three course set meal with a glass of wine will cost about 拢80 and most westerners will still be hungry and possibly thirsty afterwards.There are eight restaurants in the hotel ranging from classical Japanese and Chinese through to Michelin French and a brazzerie.A note for first time Brits...the Chinese food is nothing like our Chinese food so be prepared to be adventurous!Apart from the Brazzerie, Chequers, the cost is in line with Tokyo restaurants. If you are entertaining, be prepared for 拢100 to 拢130 per head.For relaxing in the evening, executive floor members have access to the lounge where drinks are served free.from about 6pm for an hour. Given the incredibly high price of wine, this is a very good perk although you have already paid for it in your higher room tarrif. St Georges bar in the lobby has free access for executive club members and normally has some form of entertainment from either Austrailian or British groups. Those of you who have seen Lost in Translation with Scarlett Johannsen and Bill Murray will know the type. Breakfast is served in the executive lounge and is again very good.As an executive floor member, one also has free access to the health club and swimming pool. A couple of cultural tips here...in the pool it is normal to wear a (supplied) cap. If you decide to take a bath, then read up on the procedure first. Google Japanese Bath Procedeure for some examples.ln the basement, one can find a newsagent selling western books and little knick-knack souvenirs. Also a few restaraunts cheaper than the main hotel including a very good Indian. There is a womens hairstylist and an excellent Gentlemen's barber in the finest tradition with many other services such as back massage, wet shave and manicure. After a twelve hour flight from the UK and the journey from Narita, this is always my first port of call to start getting over the inevitable west/east jet lag. If gently prompted, the proprietor will happily show you photos of him and the current and former Prime Ministers of Japan, both of whom are customers.Overall, The Hilton Shinjuki is expensive but gives value for money. The service is always warmly given and any attempt at tipping is gently refused.It is a perfect place to stay if in Tokyo for business.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MouMou
<Content>It is OK......but not RAVING       Exterior of the Courreges Beaute Salon  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>hadrian333
<Content>Clean, great location,        Tennis Court  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Ewoker
<Content>Good Hotel       Unrenovated Room 1  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>perth1
<Content>Great Hotel Highly recommend, shared a twin standard room. Very roomy, well appointed, good value. Right on top of a subway station also so easy to get around.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>nychellzkitchen
<Content>Good location and good services... solid hotel for business traveler This hotel is an upscale Hilton in a good central location. I got a renovated room on high floor with a view of Mt Fuji. The room was nice size for Tokyo and was very clean/modern. The bathroom was clean but it did not seem to be renovated in a while. The service was good but I would not stay here again as I found it more oriented towards the business traveler. It is a good hotel if you want to stay in Shinjuku but away from the crazy crowds. You can easily walk to Shinjuku station from this hotel. The hotel is very close to Nishi-Shinjuku station and you can easliy walk from there in less then 5 mins.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>brockleyjames
<Content>Executive floor well worth it A home away from home. I spent two weeks here whilst on business and stayed on the newly renovated executive floors.Marvellous. From the breakfast in the morning to the exec club lounge in the evening - a beautiful way to end a hard day. Staff remember your name - not just the Exec staff but also the doormen and concierge. It's nice to come out of a taxi to hear :did you have a good day in the office?. First time I wondered whether they were addressing me.So I've waxed lyrical about the exec floor and the comforts an aged businessman appreciates. Anything else?Positives - the brilliant Japanese bath house down by the gym; the nothing is too much attitude from the staff (even looking after a valuable painting for me when I was called off to Singapore); the quality of the dining and the service.Negatives - if you are in an older room it can be a bit seventies; Shinjuku is an ok location but nothing great (business on one side where the hotel is; sordid on the other) - but for the real Tokyo try the Grand Hyatt in Roppongi Hills; or the Cerrullean Towers in Shibuya. And as much as I like the Hilton, if you want to stay in Shinjuku, just check that the Park Hyatt isn't available first - it, and it's New York Bar and Grill are truely stunning.Don't get me wrong though - it's a great place to stay  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lucyethel
<Content>Great stay in Shinjuku My wife and I stayed at the Tokyo Hilton in Shinjuku for 7 nights. The hotel was very central with a little known entrance to the subway in the basement floor via an underground tunnel...great for when it is wet outside. The staff were polite and very helpful. Our room was also quite large even by western standards. The standards of the accomodations were very high, comfy soft beds, robes, flat panel TV, etc. The veiws were also quite spectacular, especially if you had a higher floor. Overall, a great stay at near luxury hotel.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fred_shen
<Content>Above average Stayed a week at Hilton Tokyo located in west Shinjuku, Dec 18-26. Rate was decent for a Hilton and used Tripadvisor to advise me when a cheaper rate showed up so that I could rebook the stay.Typical Hilton; everything as expected. Extremely polite service (to be expected), very clean hotel; excellent beds and pillows which is typical of most Hiltons I have stayed in. Probably could use some updating since the hotel, in some parts, looked tired. The price included the buffet breakfast which is excellent - a variety of hot and cold/continental foods, Japanese breakfast items, fresh fruits, espresso bar, juices, etc. Truly a delight.The hotel was about a 10 minute walk to the Shinjuku subway station (busiest in Tokyo) or one could take a Hilton shuttle bus to the station (free) - trips are very very frequent so you never have to wait long and run till about 10pm every day. The hotel also has direct access to the Toei line which we used to get to Tsukiji Market at 5am. Do not miss the market visit. If you like sushi/sashimi, then you now will love it. Overall then, the location was good; outside of the hustle and bustle of Shinjuku station and amongst office towers, yet close enough to walk to the main station. Also linked via underground route which can get confusing. Pretty much all the shopping you need to do is around the Shinjuku station although easy enough to take a subway ride to Ginza, Akihabara, Harajuku, Roppongi, etc to see the local sights. Just don't get on the subway at rush hour - they are packed.Did not use the facilities (gym etc). In-room internet is extra but the free internet service was adequate. Concierge was very helpful in locating shops, restaurants and printing maps for you from the local Yahoo/Google sites. Busy hotel and popular with families.Would stay again.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Traveller09Melbourne
<Content>Fantastic Hotel!       Bed and entrance hall  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DowntownMom
<Content>Go for the Executive Floor We stayed in this busy Shinjuku Hilton with our two school age children. It was fantastic. We were lucky enough to stay on the Executive floor which meant that there was some sort of food available from 6am-6pm which really helps with jet lagged families. We also had a private English speaking concierge who could help with all tourist and travel needs. We all loved the English/Japanese breakfast buffet that was included with a room on these floors.Our room was spacious by Japanese standards. We were upgraded to a suite which was incredible. Both were up to date and very clean. The beds were comfortable. The hotel brought us a requested humidifier immediately. The service is gracious and helpful. The spectacular views are unfortunately obstructed by other modern buildings. Unfortunately the pool was being renovated while we were there so I have nothing to report. The room service was adequate but INCREDIBLY expensive.The hotel runs a bus every fifteen minutes to Shinjuku station which is helpful. You can also walk through an underground pass from the hotel to the Shinjuku East station.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AmberGates
<Content>Loved this hotel! This is a GREAT hotel. The customer service was fantastic and the location was so convenient. The subway is at your doorstep and the area is very clean. The room was spotless! The beds were kind of hard, but that was the ONLY complaint, if any, we had. The staff speaks english and were extremely helpful with everything from renting a cell phone to getting around the subway/trains. There is a convenient pharmacy/store in the hotel with all of the toiletries you could ever need plus some. And the business center was easy to access. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone. But beware, the breakfast buffet is REALLY expensive at the hotel ($70 for 2). Better to eat at Denny's ($20 for 2) or Starbucks across the street. p.s. Good luck at Shinjuku Train Station!!!!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nantucket2007
<Content>Lovely Hotel, Awesome Staff First of all - great location...you have the metro right downstairs. And I really liked the room - terrific view and I had braced myself for the tiny rooms I had heard about in Tokyo but I was impressed, room was a very decent size and very well appointed. It had a Japanese flair, particularly the window dressing, and was immaculate. My understanding was that the hotel was full the weekend I was there (Nov 16-18 2007) but you'd never know it...and here's where the hotel exceeded expectations - the service. During check-in there was an issue with my VIP card, which was brand new and not a big deal because the upgrade to Executive Level would have been a smoking room with two beds and I wanted a non-smoking King so I didn't care about the upgrade really. But the woman at the desk made sure everything was worked out with my card so that I could at least get coupons for a free breakfast. She actually spent time on the phone (her doing) making sure that my old Hilton member account was incorporated into the VIP to ensure that the VIP was the active account to allow me to get full benefits. And the beauty was that there were no lines behind me because they kept so much staff behind the front desk - I never saw anyone waiting during my stay. Concierge was superb - here again, plenty of staff behind the desk - no waits despite the hotel bustle - and they were so willing to help and very knowledgeable. The doormen and women also made you feel so welcome, very friendly. I felt at home coming back after being out all day.The breakfast buffet had a nice variety and was pretty good (and free for me thanks to the front desk help). I ordered room service twice and found the entrees to be quite good. I will say that in general I think Tokyo is very welcoming, I had no rude experiences there - and the Hilton isn't cheap...but for me this hotel was worth the money - a charming (even for it's large size), reliable, well appointed hotel (the lobby Christmas tree was very well done) in a good location - very nice rooms and excellent, excellent service. I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>c0untFl0rida
<Content>A very good hotel in Shinjuku Everything is expensive in Tokyo, but this hotel wasn't too bad, with a package that included the first night's dinner when you booked two nights, and also included a decent breakfast in the lobby restaurant. There is a shuttle to the Shinjuku train station, and the Tokyo Tower is right next door. Rooms are a bit small, but that is all too common in Japan. They are adequately furnished with a comfortable bed, an important feature when you've been flying for 20+ hours.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>chill71
<Content>Great service, small rooms. Stayed four nights at the Hilton in Tokyo, during November 2007.Nice hotel, however the rooms are on the small side, and the bed was only a double and very hard.(And you can't open any windows for fresh air) Bathrooms are older style, shower in the bath, and are very small. Buffet Breakfast was good. Location was a little out of the centre, but does give you a quite nights sleep. But this is offset with a courtsey shuttle to the Shinjuku train station. The Nishi-Shinjuku station is underneth the hotel, however, it is not part of the JR rail system. So a JR pass is not any good. It will cost just under $2.00 to get to Tokyo.Nice Italian buffet Restaurant on the 2nd floor ($50.00).Most oustanding aspect was the quality of service.The best I have ever experienced.Most staff do have a good grasp for English. Got a very good deal with Asia Rooms, $240.00 a night for two, with breakfast.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelerDallasTX
<Content>Hilton Tokyo average Stayed at the hilton on honors points (2 free nights) and 2 paid nights. We stayed in a double room on the 8th floor (no upgrade and the room was not renovated).The Hilton rooms come with 2 complimentary bottles of water upon check in. Our room had a mini bar/honor bar, flat screen tv (only english channel was cnn). The bed was firm and came with 4 pillows but no sheet; only a comforter.The hilton buffet breakfast is 3600 yen(approx $32 USD per per person and includes juices, omelet station, fresh fruit, yogurt, many pastries and croissants. It also includes more japanese food that we did not try. For the price, it was not worth it to us. Dennys (which is not like the Dennys in the US) is a short 2 minute walk from the hotel. They do have french toast and pancakes but don't expect a full american breakfast. Shinjuku station is a 10 min walk from the hotel and they do have a complimentary shuttle that runs to and from the station (when arriving at the station, exit and find the Keio Dept store. The Hilton bus will stop at bus stop 21. Email the hotel for hours of operation and pick up times.Although we used our honors points, I would not stay here again if we were to return. I would try the Grand Hyatt in Roppongi (better location) or the Mandarin Oriental if you can afford it. Book early!Enjoy!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Zamonya
<Content>Great executive suite       suite 1  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bestbet33
<Content>Good service and nice room, still prefer Conrad I booked this four night stay on awards points using the AXON promo for 125,000 points (available only for Hilton AMEX card holders). Anyways, I wanted to book at the Conrad where I had a great stay on a prior trip, but they had already fulfilled their allotment for HHonors bookings. We came in by train from the airport and had trouble finding where the shuttle picked up. Luckily, we had rented a cell phone from the airport and were able to call them. It ended up being by the Keio Department store. It is confusing because it shares its bus stop with the city bus and there is only a little sign with the Hilton logo that marks it. Our room was not ready at 1PM (check in time is not till 3 or 4) however we were able to get some lunch across the street at Denny鈥檚 while we waited. The room was ready by 2 and I got a free upgrade to the executive floor for being a gold member. The room was very clean and fresh. The views were also good. While the room was free, the roll away for the third person cost us a whopping 7000 yen a night (approx. $65). I know this included the occupancy charge for the third person, but still. The internet was also free on the executive floors. The executive lounge was very nice (I would say even better than Conrad鈥檚). It was very large and always had a full stock of soda鈥檚 water, and beer that guests could just help themselves to. The evening reception was nice and had a full comp bar and snacks. The free breakfast had both western and Japanese dishes. The only problem we had during our stay was that when we booked a helicopter tour at the concierge desk they gave us the instructions to tell leave one hour ahead of time to get their early (and tell then that we were leaving so they could confirm it). After the one hour mark we were only just over half way their. When we called to cancel they said it was 100% cancellation fee. This ruined the entire afternoon because this was supposed to be the highlight of our trip. To compensate the hotel ended up being able to get them to waive the cancellation fee. The indoor pool was a little bit of a disappointment. Considering how much they charge ($25/person/day) it was quite bleak. Being gold I got free admission. They made you wear these dumb swimming caps and the place on a whole looks dilapidated and of need of remodel. They had separate male and female saunas and baths and this of course meant it was 鈥榯raditional Japanese鈥? I had to say I was a little bit hesitant at first to strip all the way down and 鈥檛ake a bath鈥?with other people, but when I finally did it I could finally see why they do it. It is very relaxing and worth a try (at least once). On a side note I would highly recommend going to karaoke. Basically, you rent a small private room for a couple of hours, buy a couple of drinks, get some bar food, and you sing your heart out with your friends and family. They have just about every English song ever made and the controls for the song selection are in English too. I am no singer, but we ended doing this almost every night. It only cost like $25 for a few hours. Just ask the concierge for the details. All in all I would only recommend this place only if you were not able to get into Conrad (200% better). If you do stay here, secure a room on the executive floor. It鈥檚 well worth it.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>takojin
<Content>Great service, but only ok overall We stayed our last night at the Hilton.It was great to use the free shuttle from Shinjuku station (outside of Keio dept. store) and then not worry about our luggage, except to point it out to the bellman, until we checked out the next day.From the moment you step inside, people are helping you to find the check-in line, get your luggage sent to your room, etc. Nearly everyone speaks fantastic English. The room is nice, the bed was decent sized and comfortable. Nice amenities in the bathroom, etc. It was a little more than $200 per night. We belong to Hilton Honors, but were not upgraded (nor did we expect to be, but one always hopes!).The only real letdown was the breakfast. Breakfast is geared to the all you can eat buffett (Western or Japanese style). We only wanted a la carte and paid through the nose for cold toast, regular fried eggs, and blah french toast. Coffee was $9 per person, which was only more annoying given that the coffee was so awful. I think we would have done better to have simply ordered room service in our room for breakfast. There were more a la carte choices and the prices were reasonable (room service prices already include tax and tip ).Location: It's ok. It's the hotel district of Shinjuku. Shinjuku is a large area and you're not far from alot of the nightlife and restaurants, but you definitely have to get out of the high rise hotel district first to find something more interesting. It is really close to the Tokyo Municipal Govt. Building and I recommend seeking it out for the high level views of Tokyo.Overall, it was a nice place to stay for our last night of our trip. I'm not sure I would specifically seek out the Hilton Tokyo again, but I appreciated the level of service and convenience of staying here (took the limo bus back to Narita directly from the hotel).  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>masspecguy
<Content>below expectations if you look down the list and seek out any of the negative reviewsyou see that tey are mostly if not all writen by gold and diamond membersthese tend to be buisness travellers who spend more time travelling than most thus becomming more discerningi am my self a diamond member and and yes I was a little disapointed not to be upgraded to the exec level as is the case 90% of the time but hey you pays yer money...each morning at breakfast I had to ask twice for coffee every single day! .Absense of an iron in the room is a pain and should be standard for all guests even for tokyo this hotel is expensive and if you're not a points pig(hilton honnors) the hyatt next door my be more value for money having stayed there in the pastall in all it just failed to reasch the standard i expected  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	2	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Smillwelly
<Content>GREAT!       The Bath  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Marina26
<Content>Suberb! I stayed at the Tokyo Hilton for 9 nights in July 2007 and I must say, I was extremely impressed.This was my first visit to Tokyo and to Japan and I wasn't quite sure what to expect from the accommodation. The hotel, however, was fantastic and the service was by far the best that I had ever experienced. There was always a member of staff available to assist you with a query and I never had to wait long for anything. Everyone was extremely friendly and spoke English to a very high standard.My room was beautiful and as it was on the 38th floor, it had fantastic views of the surrounding skyscrapers and access to the Executive Lounge.The shuttle bus was also very good and always on time.I would recommend this hotel to anyone going to Tokyo!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MirMia
<Content>Great hotel, great staff, great location We just spent 9 days staying at the Tokyo Hilton and I wouldn't hesitate in recommending it to anyone. The Japanese are an amazing people and have 'customer service' down to a fine art! Their culture is fascinating and well worth experiencing.They are also very modest, so if you ask if they speak English they will always indicate 'a little', but most of them speak and understand more than a little :)The room we had was a good size, the service was excellent and we are now looking into having one of those Japanese toilets installed in our own home :)The hotel staff are excellent and nothing is too much bother. I had a problem with my foot and the hotel reception arranged an appointment for me with an orthapaedic doctor close to the hotel. They also sent a fluent English-speaking staff member along with me to translate. The doctor was very good and took his time to make sure he understood exactly what my problem was - and the result being I was able to keep walking around, and without pain - and let's face it, if you cannot walk in Tokyo you're in trouble!Yes, the hotel restaurants are very expensive, but department stores like Keio and Odayku at Shinjuku Station have 2 floors of Japanese food available for purchase at a reasonable price (and a mind boggling variety at that). Mind you, it is worth experiencing room service at least once.The shuttle bus between the hotel and Shinjuku Station is brilliant and made lugging all that shopping back to the hotel so much easier :) What's that?? People don't only go to Tokyo to shop??? evil grin Yes, I know - so many things to do and places to see - you will never manage in one trip - so pick a few good ones, and know there will always be more when you go back the next time. I haven't met anyone who didn't like Tokyo. This was our second trip and won't be the last. We will definitely be staying at the Tokyo Hilton next time.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KBLA
<Content>Nice and comfy Stayed at the Hilton Tokyo and must say it was a pleasant exoerience. As a Hilton Honour member, I got an upgrade to Executive Floor and the rooms and access to lounge are above average on what you would get other places within Hilton.Rooms are small (compared to other countries), but they have everything and the bed is very nice and large! And the japanese toilets are of course an experience!The hotel is close to Shinjuku station where there is access to virtually all of Tokyo. In the morning you have to walk to station as the shuttle bus starts after 08, but is there late in the evening.Easy to get to Haneda and Narita Airport from hotel as well and english levels is ok. Currently the hotel is under renovation, so some noise is there..  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	4	4	4	

<Author>zuttoman
<Content>Convenient, nice, and easy I agree with earlier reviews that this hotel is on par with other international Hiltons. I received one of the newly remodeled room (not on the executive floor) and it was really nice! The staff is friendly, they all speak English, it's in a nice part of town, there's a bus you can take directly to the hotel from Narita...in short, it's a great spot to start a vacation or to survive a business trip.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Connecting passengers
<Content>Japanese friendliness and Tokyo Hilton hotel is a unbeatable combination Japanese friendliness with Hilton Tokyo hotel is a combination that is hard to beat! We were at the executive level and we were very impressed the genuine friendliness of the ALL hotel staff. They also have many people working at the executive lounge and we never had to wait for a minute. The only very minor minus was that because we did not have our laptop with us we had to use the business center at the ground floor and we had to pay extra for the half hour connection. Actually the member of staff though too that it is free but after checking he was sorry that it was not the case.But actually what does few euros mean if you can have as nice hotel experience as in Hilton Tokyo hotel.I'm convinced that this hotel will be in top ten of Tokyo hotels in future. This really is the hotel to come back!  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>jj_usexpat
<Content>A good hotel in Shinjuku       Executive king room - bed  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>LiveItWhileYouCan
<Content>On par w/most international Hiltons 'Vacationed in Japan for 10 days with our base camp at the Tokyo Hilton and since this was our second trip in the last year so we pretty much knew what we were getting: Nice, clean business hotel conveniently located near the Shinjuku train station which serves as one of the larger metro/train hubs to the rest of Tokyo. The service (bell man, front desk, maid service) was on par with most 4 star international chains, meaning pleasent, friendly, but not over the top like a 5 star hotels. Our room was decent sized with a queen, desk, sitting chairs, LCD TV, small table and a single shower/tub combo. The rooms vary in size, depending on the price. In room internet is available, but at a charge. We didn't spend much time at the hotel or using it's ammenities as most of our day trips took us out of the area (via shinkansen/bullet train). One convenient perk isthe shuttle that runs to/from the Shinjuku station. This'll save you a 660 Yen cab fair, each way. There's also a metro stop underneath the hotel, but it's quite a walk within the tunnels before one reaches the action stop. The hotel shuttle was much more accessible.The hotel is situated on the west side of the train station where most of the business hotels and government building are located. However, the east side of the station is an entirely different beast;department stores, cafes, boutiques, electronic stores, little markets, 100 Yen stores, etc. DefinItely spend some time exploring the east side. With regards to another reviewer's comment on attitudetowards females: I really didn't notice any difference. However, I did notice that some of the staff was a bit friendly to the western guests (vs Asians). Another observation was that western guests tended to tip the bellman in spite of the non tipping practice in Asia. Ymmv.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>midusa1
<Content>Convenient location in central downtown Tokyo The Hilton is comparable to most city hotels you find in large cities, like Tokyo, New York, London, etc. The more you pay the better amenities you are going to get. So in an expensive city like Tokyo if you don鈥檛 pay a lot of money you won鈥檛 get top notch luxury most times. I think that pretty clear. There鈥檚 typically two ways to improve your chances of getting a better room in hotels, pay more or join loyalty programs. In my case my experience at the Hilton was pleasant. I stayed there for close to a month. I was fortunate because I could pay a reasonable price but since I am a Diamond member I was upgrades to a junior suite. So the lesson here is usually a hotel will treat you better if you are loyal otherwise pay a lot of money to gain access to the amenities. That鈥檚 just the fact of life in big cities across the world especially since now the hotel industry is booming again due to business travelers traveling more again. It鈥檚 just supply and demand, so prices are high.The other nice things I liked about this hotel is it is centrally located and in walking distance of the Shinjuku Station. And for me this was important because that was my mode of transportation to get to work and it is the fastest way to get around because there鈥檚 a lot of traffic. There鈥檚 a good variety of restaurants to choose from but I always suggest to people to venture out into town. This is also a way to get better prices on food. The views of the city and Mt. Fuji is a plus if you are on a higher floor.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>tcut
<Content>Lovely hotel; fabulous staff       Tokyo Hilton bedroom  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>flannelpajamas
<Content>Don't stay here unless you're a tourist, or a Gold HH Member I just want to comment on this hotel based on the other reviews. This is a nice hotel if you get a room on the Executive Floor. If you're not a Gold Member, and you're here for business longer than two nights, then you'll start to miss the typical business amenities.I stayed here for a week, and had a single bed. I complained because quite frankly, I couldn't sleep in it without feeling like I was going to fall out of bed. I'd never been offered a single bed for business travel in my entire career, so I never expected to see one on my first trip to Tokyo.I also think that in general, if you are female, and in my case, I am also Asian, I am occasionally subjected to second-class service. I think this is a common complaint by most female executive travelers. But that's a whole other traveling issue. Long story short, I am spoiled by American hotels and big comfy beds. Since I travel mostly for work, the bed is the most important part of the room. I don't fault this hotel entirely, but the truth is, I was judged as someone who could tolerate inferior accommodations as compared to my six-foot non-Asian colleague who would have been given the double bed without hesitation.If you don't fit my profile, you'll probably do fine at this hotel. If you are a Hilton Honors Gold member then you will score high with all the proper business amenities. I am terribly disappointed because I have no safe in my room to lock up my electronic gadgets and computer when I'm out at customer meetings. I am disappointed about my bed of course. I am disappointed that there is no complimentary coffee in the room (there is coffee you can buy through mini bar for about $6 US, my company doesn't reimburse mini-bar charges either.) I am also disappointed that access to the gym will cost me $20 US dollars per use. My company doesn't reimburse for gym fees, so I'd have to shell out $140 of my own money (weeks stay) in order to keep myself in shape for these long haul flights into Asia. The food is outrageously expensive. I couldn't get a bowl of fruit for less than $10 us dollars, and it was canned fruit! There isn't anything to like about this hotel, and it rates very low compared to US Hilton Hotels for business travel. I have to give it a low score just so other business travelers will be cautious in case they can't get an upgrade to the Executive Floor. The non-Executive floors have very tiny bathrooms, meant for small-framed people. Frankly, this hotel should just charge more money and give me what I need rather than nickeling and diming us to death.What's good about the hotel? The airport shuttleIt's cleanThe service is decentIt's centrally locatedGood luck!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aug2386
<Content>Good service and convenient location First time in Tokyo. The Hilton Tokyo was an excellent place for our first stay in Japan. The staff was very service-oriented and polite. The restaurants are pricey as expected but the quality was top notch. Shinjuku may be a bit sterile but it isn't too far away from less stuffy sections a few blocks away. Views are quite impressive from upper floors. Convenient shuttle from train station.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>moonymoo
<Content>loved it. lovely service. almost everybody at the counter speaks perfect english. room was adequate and relatively spacious even though i added an extra bed. i had a view of the tennis court which i didn't make much use of though. the toilet, as with all japanese toilets, was wonderful. i would definitely recommend a stay there if you're in the mood to splurge. =) btw, the female staff there are really strong. they lifted and carried my extremely heavy luggage like it was a piece of cake. heh.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VictoriaSommers
<Content>Good but staff not good at service recovery This is a belated review cause I only learnt about the TA and joined as a member last Oct/Nov.Anyway, I am a HH Gold member and when I checked in, I was given an upgrade immediately, which was good.The Executive Floor was under renovation so there was a fair bit of noise in the morning but it was OK. The lounge was closed and a makeshift one was provided in one of the rooms on the same floor. Drinks/snacks were limited though.I notice that the Hilton Group has managed to minimise the influence of local culture on its service style. In this hotel, everyone was businesslike - polite, efficient but somewhat distant. It was not a problem for me as I was on a business trip during this stay. Efficiency ranks high under such circumstances.I flew into Tokyo from the US on this trip and was running out of clean suits to wear. I decided to use the 4-hour dry cleaning service made available to those on the Executive Floor at no extra charge. The pair of pants came back to me just 15 mins before I had to leave for my business appt. I was in a hurry and didn't manage to check on the condition of my pants prior to leaving the hotel.You could imagine how embarrassed I was when a Japanese lady on my client's team pointed out that the side pocket of my black pants had white bits stuck on it and the pocket also appeared torn. I thanked her profusely for it must have taken her a lot of courage to point this out to a relative stranger; by Japanese standards, this was bold but only for my good.I returned to the hotel and the housekeeping people came in the evening for the pants, saying that they would do everything to fix it.The next day was a saturday and I was out for the most part,when I returned at night, I ddn't see the pants in my room. I went down to talk to the manager at the front desk. He called the housekeeping manager down to see me. He came with the pants but both men didn't apologize; the front desk manager said to me with a straight face - it is fixed now.When I came back to Singapore and wore the pants again, it was torn at the same place. I travel too much and can't afford the time to take this up with the Hilton mgt, may be I should?Apart from this incident, the hotel is actually fine, it is in a convenient location. The lobby has got a cafe/bar that is patronised by both locals and foreigners. It has got a nice ambience.I will probably stay there again - for business, NOT for vacation.Hope this helps!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Moth
<Content>Best hotel in Shinjuku I stayed here for four nights at the end of January 2007. Shinjuku is a very good base for a tourist, and the Tokyo Hilton the best option in Shinjuku, starting with the fact that the airport limousine bus will drop you right at the hotel - important when you've just got off a long flight and need looking after. The newly refurbished executive floors are simply fantastic and the views amazing - I could see Mount Fuji from my room. The room rate was very reasonable for such a great location in a major world city. Service was excellent in every respect and I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>xmarriottcustomer
<Content>We did live there! I was in Japan for 3 months and tried 4 other hotels, when my family came to stay with me I booked this Hotel because it was really comfortable, felt more like home than others in Tokyo. It is connected to the Subways via underground tunnels which is nice when it rains. The rooms are very clean and comfortable, and the breakfast buffet is outstanding, best I have had at any hotel and I stay at 25-30 hotels a year. As far as service goes it was beyond anything I've seen. My children started school while we were there and the staff made them special custom room service breakfasts because they left in the morning before the normal operating hours in the dinning room, amazing. Its that kind of service that really makes you feel good when working in foreign countries. Our room views were great, we spent many nights just looking out at the lights and life in Shinjuku. Neighborhood is very safe and clean, my High School and JrH kids explored the amazing architecture and stores within blocks of the hotel, all had a great time and it actually was sad when we had to move out to our new home in Tokyo. Thats a sign a hotel is pretty darn good!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>pillz
<Content>Comfortable and convenient       Shinjuku district  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Travel Richly
<Content>Best bet in Shinjuku If you need/want to be in Shinjuku, this is the best of the Big 3 (Century Hyatt, Keio Plaza, Hilton) based on room decor, facilities and service. It is also the most expensive. The executive floors have been completely renovated (ultra modern style) and include complimentary in-room internet access as well as a nicely stocked/service but somewhat crowded lounge for breakfast and evening snacks/cocktails.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>MGTB
<Content>I could live here! We stayed in the Hilton Tokyo for 5 nights and we were so impressed. We are HHonors Gold Members and have stayed in many Hiltons but this one comes top of the list. Ther hotel was full for the first 2 nights so we were not given our complimentary upgrade but the room was fine, in need of an upgrade but this is to happen soon. On Saturday we went out for the day and returned to find we had been upgraded to the 36th Executive Floor (3rd from the top) and the room was fantastic! Refurbishment was completed in September and the rooms are modern, well designed and the shower is one of the best I've ever used. The attention to detail is great and there are extras like a pillow menu, pajamas and robes which make the stay more enjoyable. The Executive Lounge and service are top class.The breakfast is the best breakfast ever - so much choice and so delicious! It was the perfect way to start the day. The other meals we ate in the hotel both by room service and in the restaurants were wonderful - try the Singapore Noodles on the Room Service Menu!The service was of course wonderful, the staff couldn't be more helpful. Another bonus was the frequent shuttle bus which went to nearby Shinjuku Station which is a great hub for travel. The hotel is slightly off centre in Tokyo but you can get anywhere you need to within 10 or 15 mins on the JR or Metro (there is a Metro Station on the Red M Line connected to the hotel).We loved Tokyo and we loved this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Geoggirl
<Content>Luxury in Japan       Hilton Tokyo  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>drron
<Content>Fantastic service Arrived a little tired after flight from dallas and airport limousine service to hotel.Greeted by a duty manager and on finding out we were diamond honors members were escorted to the executive lounge for checkin.upgraded to top floor.Lounge staff were excellent and proactive-eg asking if we wanted maps or late checkout.The room was an executive room and had been tastefully refurbished.I believe the business floors have also been refubished and a sign in the elevators said the deluxe(ordinary) rooms are now being refurbished.The lounge was spacious with a wide selection of snacks and cocktail service from 5-8pm.On our second day a large group descended on the lounge like a plaque of locusts-everything was gone in a minute.The staff responded admirably bringing a constant stream of fresh snacks and within 5 minutes extra staff arrived to help out.The real test of staff is how they cope in a crisis and here it was first class.We found it was no problem carting our luggage on the free shuttle to Shinjuku station and then on to connect with the Shinkansen.From the basement their are tunnels to 2 of the subway lines which are the best way to get around Tokyo.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>poopydoopy
<Content>Extremely friendly staff, hotel needs updating for Tokyo standards. Stayed at the Hilton for our vacation in March06. Booked it through Singapore airline's trip pkg so I'm not sure what the normal rate is. The staff was extremely polite and helpful! Each time we asked for directions, they would give us detailed instructions with exactly what route/exit we should take on the train, etc! The hotel isn't the most convenient to JR station/shopping but the courtesy bus to/from the station every 5 mins was awesome! The free bus ends around 11p daily but not to worry, the walk is only 15 mins through a very safe area! The hotel is a bit dated for tokyo standards and our room was very plain  basic, but still very clean and comfortable. Restaurants at the hotel are expensive but there's a Starbuck's  Denny's half a block away. A side note to fellow Americans, Denny's in Tokyo is much cleaner  food quality is better than in the US! Also, if ur taking the Airport Limosine Bus, this hotel is one of the stops..so you'll get door to door service to/from Narita Airport. =)  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Somewhat dated but reasonably priced hotel I want to give the Hilton a 3 1/2 star. It's better than average but only average for Tokyo / Asia.The rooms need a make over. Although everything is clean and in good condition, the furnishings / styling are 20+ years old.Service was good to very good... but nothing special for Tokyo. The frequent free shuttles to Shinjuku station were a nice bonus. But having no Valet Parking and charging for parking seemed a little cheap.We ate at Twenty one (French). The food / wine was on par with similar meals in Tokyo. But the service was very spotty for a $600 meal for two.We also got free breakfast at Checkers. The food was actually very good, with better service than at Twenty One.It would have been better to spend an extra $100 a night to stay at the Park Hyatt or Grand Hyatt.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>pearlroad
<Content>Great place to stay My wife and I stayed at this real nice hotel for 6 nights. We paid $150/night and there is a deal when you stay 2 nights, recieve one free, through hilton.com. We had one queen bed. The rooms are comfortable and the staff are very friendly. The morning buffet is first rate. The hotel is attached to the metro in the lower level, where you can find a train anywhere. Another lower level exit and a maze and you can find a giant department store where in their basement you can eat all the best food for less. I would recomend this hotel to my friends and the price was right.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good for HHonors status members This hotel is expensive, like most things in tokyo. I paid US$200/ night. But it has some advantages...For HHonors status members (im gold) you will recieve an upgrade to a very nice and large 1 bedroom suite. Breakfast is not included, however you will recieve a discount coupon.The Airport Limousine bus stops right outside the hotel and it operates very frequently. The journey takes about 90 mins but allow longer for traffic delays.The rooms in this hotel are quite nice. They are not really that modern but they are kept clean. Food and drink is very expensive in the hotel so if your trying to save a few $$$ eat elsewhere. Dennys and starbucks are just around the corner and are much more reasonably priced.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>long on comfort, cheap if you're smart about it I just got back from a 4 week consulting project in Tokyo. The Shinjuku Hilton was a nice choice. If you're lazy you can take their shuttle to Shinjuki station but the walk is less than a mile and usually quite nice unless it's one of those super hot tokyo days.My corporate rate was $225 or something like that for an exec level room. I'd not waste my money on anything other than exec level.. not if you want to eat or use the gym. The gym had real weights which is nice and there's a decent park caddy cornered to the hilton (across from the Dennys) that you can run around without encountering too much traffic.The pool, like most things in Japan, is a freak show. They try to get you to wear swimming caps. Which is a little weird since they don't even cover all of your head.The exec breakfast is good but does get old somewhere around week 2. So pace yourself, be brave, and order some freaky [--] in the little shops on the way to the metro.There's not much to do in Shinjuku at night except for kabukicho, which is a red light district but does have some nice bars. Nogerian guys will try to get you to come into their clubs.The only downside is that at night you need to be in Roppongi (Geranimo!) or Shibuya and that's like a $25 cab ride either way. Riding the subway is fine for work but not so good for partying.. if you're going to hit the clubs a lot stay at the ANA.. Even if you just get a weekend room at the ANA and leave most of your stuff at the hilton.Take money to Tokyo. I had several $200 bar tabs, and this is not abnormal as drinks run 1,000-1,500 yen (approx $9-14).  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel if you got HHonors Gold VIP and beyond... We were fortunate to be able to stay at the Hilton Tokyo for the 4 days we were in Tokyo. The first night, they put us in a junior suite because they ran out of executive rooms. The room was big and comfortable but we did not get breakfast, evening drinks nor hors d'oeuvres because we did not stay on the excutive floors. That was alright because we spent our morning at the most amazing fish market in the whole world. The subsequent days, they put us in an executive room. The room was big for Japanese standard but no details were over-looked. The furnitures were a bit dated though. They stock the room with 2 sets of fine british toileteries. We got 2 pajamas and 2 very comfy terry robes which were laid out on our bed everynight when they came and turned the bed down. The slippers were also brought out and put on cloth mats wishing us good night. It wouldn't be Japan without an origami crane on our bed with forecast for the day after. Breakfast buffet was very good at the Hilton Tokyo. They served both Japanese and American breakfast with top quality foods. I enjoyed the Japanese breakfast more because I don't get to eat like that in the States. Happy hours was fantastic at the Hilton Tokyo also. They served champagne, cocktails, and very tasty mini sandwiches or hamburgers, cheeses, cookies, and chocolates. We often didn't have to go eat dinner afterward. The staffs were extremely courteous and helpful. The most polite staffs outside of the Peninsula in Bangkok. The hotel is a 10 minute walk from Shinjuku station. The courtesy bus runs frequently between the hotel and the train station. The Nishi Shinjuku subway station is right behind the hotel if you want to get on the red line. The gym, japanese bath, and the pool are free if you stay on the executive floors. So when you check in, insist on staying on the executive floor if you have Gold or more VIP status. You won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sam364
<Content>Good Hotel in Good Location   showReview(3630361, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Suzanne1952
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(3421227, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good accomodation and location   showReview(3312055, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>"Sorry, it's our policy"   showReview(3214374, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel with excellent breakfast buffet   showReview(2991379, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Stay   showReview(2978535, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Traveling_Lady_2004
<Content>It is a Hilton!   showReview(2974854, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>H8UofFL
<Content>Excellent Service   showReview(2861049, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Japanese style rooms   showReview(2506392, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pdx_doglover
<Content>Great location in Shinjuku   showReview(2110838, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>銇斻兗銈?> 銇斻兗銈?</a> </div>
<Content>銉┿偊銉炽偢銇屾渶楂?#x201d;   showReview(23236120, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>baycityrollersjp
<Content>楂樺堡銉撱儷銇洸銇俱倢銇熼珮绱氥儧銉嗐儷   showReview(23006842, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	4	-1	4	

<Author>sayumi
<Content>銉┿偊銉炽偢绲跺搧   showReview(22865352, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>sistina_Tokyo_Japan
<Content>澶栧浗浜鸿Τ鍏夊銇亰钖︺倎銇с亶銈嬨儧銉嗐儷   showReview(21157596, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hesse
<Content>typisches Hilton   showReview(16772711, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stefan_hh
<Content>sehr angenehmer aufenthalt   showReview(16529643, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇熴伨銇伅銉儍銉併伀   showReview(19170598, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LaIIslaBonita
<Content>Bien plac茅 et plutot agr茅able       vue de la chambre d'hotel  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Decevant   showReview(14736978, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>excellent   showReview(13197125, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈堛亱銇ｃ仧銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19166805, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈濋銈傘亰銇欍仚銈併€?#x201d;   showReview(19164163, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>excellent   showReview(11450500, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Les chambres Executive sont d un excellent rapport qualite prix   showReview(11450494, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TCARBONNEL
<Content>Excellent service   showReview(7728678, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>DR_MOJITO
<Content>Pas mal, mais il est grand temps de renover cet h么tel!   showReview(6806069, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11329993, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

