<Author>jonny2019
<Content>One of the best... We booked The Edgewater for New year's Eve. This was our second vacation to Seattle. We got a decent rate on Orbitz.com. Overall, we were impressed with this hotel. It is easily the nicest hotel we've ever stayed in. But....There are a few annoyances:There is no regular parking. You either have to park on the street and feed the meter or use the valet parking which is $28 bucks a day. If you book a waterside room, you're in for a treat. If you get a cityside view, the room is small and you'll get train noise all night. The shower only has a glass wall that goes halfway and doesn't move, so you have to worry about splashing water all over the floor while you shower. (never seen a shower like this before)Never eat any of the food or beverages that come with the room unless you don't mind paying 3 bucks for a small bag of chips or a bottle of gatorade. Other than these little annoyances, it's a beautiful hotel with a northwest woods theme. Everything looks like hand carved wood, including the walls, bed, and furniture. The room had high ceilings and a balcony overlooking the Pudget sound. The lobby was very cozy with many sofas and 2 fireplaces, as well as a water view. It's almost like staying in a huge, fancy log cabin.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OREMAMA
<Content>Loved most of it.... My daughter and I made our annual 'day after Christmas' trip to Seattle and had decided to try the Edgewater Hotel. I found it to be a quaint, out of the ordinary place. The rooms were very nice and clean, the staff was friendly, and the food was just fine. Our room was lovely; we were given a room on the third floor overlooking the water. We had a great view of the ferry/shipping lanes and when it got dark the NOAA ship next door was all lit up with Christmas lights - quite beautiful. My only complaint is that the walls in this hotel are very thin. We heard everyone who walked by but worse, we heard a lot of noise from the room next door. It was late so we didn't call down, but I'm guessing from the sounds of things it was a couple on their honeymoon or something. It was a little embarassing to be sitting by the fire reading with my teenage daughter and hear the very obvious sounds that came from the next room. All in all, we'd likely stay here again sometime.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sincosenj
<Content>Should have checked Tripadvisor This place was terrible just as many of the reviewers on Tripadvisor indicates. The last couple of reviews looks like it was written by hotel staff since they are the exact opposite of the real experience.From the low quality toiletries to the inconsistent house keeping this property should be rated a 3 star. Attempts are made to give the property a unique look but it only succeeds in making you gag from the incredibly poor taste in which everything is decorated. It almost seems like a big joke that everyone else is in on except for you.The hotel is noisy, the rooms tiny, the decor ugly, the staff is average, it is isolated from the rest of Seattle, the view is overrated, the nearby train is noisy, and the room stinky. The lounge had expensive $10 drinks and a good view but absolutely no character. After experiencing the boring lounge we decided not to bother with the restaurant and instead cabbed it into the city for food.I recommend using Tripadvisor and pick a 4 star hotel out of the top twenty instead of being foolish like we were and pay the consequences. In fact, you can probably pick a highly rated 3 star hotel and still fare ten times better than we did.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	1	3	1	1	

<Author>TMillsCalifornia
<Content>Easily the best       Just one view from our room  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Palmsandpines
<Content>We Would Stay Again We stayed at the Edgewater to celebrate my wife's birthday and to see a musical. The hotel is a four star hotel with very good service. Our room was an ocean view and all rooms have a fireplace. Our room had a claw foot tub, large glass (no door) shower and lots of granite. The bed was a pillow top and very comfortable. We enjoyed the modern, rustic look with the pine and river rock. If you are looking for a 4-star without character, then this is not for you. If you are looking for a Northwest (very nice) cabin feel, you have found home. The hotel is 100% non-smoking and clean.They provide a shuttle every hour on the hour to local spots.The only draw backs are as follows: Parking is $28 (valet) per night, the drinks are $10 each and they stop serving breakfast at 10 on Sunday to prepare for brunch. In recap, the view is fantastic, the service was great and the room was perfect. We would go again and we're glad that our Priceline bid landed us at the Edgewater.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>TripleP99_8
<Content>Nice rate, bed  I didn't really have a problem with this property at all. I booked it on Hotwire for $118. When I showed up, they upgraded my room from a queen sized bed to a king sized bed. The bed was very good quality. I had a view of the water which was great.The decor is definitely inspired by the great outdoors but is totally fine for a 2-night stay. My meetings were downtown so I just had a couple of nice 20-minute walk to get to where I needed to go. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was nice and decent-sized. The bathroom amenities weren't great quality, however.Comparisons to other top hotels are unfair in my opinion. Yes, you could get a very nice room in downtown Seattle but you would have to spend 2-3 times more for it. For a business owner like myself where travel expenses are deducted from my bottom line, the Edgewater was a great find.The biggest sour note was that on my second night the room next to me was occupied by a drunk threesome that came back to the room at 2 am and proceeded to talk loudly for the next two hours.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>SpeedFreak79
<Content>Looks like a dated retirement home Just like many of the other reviewers we received a discounted rate through an auction site. This is apparently the only way to fill their rooms since they have little else to go on. This must be one of the worst decorated 4 star hotels in the US. They have some weird plastic log cabin theme complete with dated prints, a dirty bear foot stool and a teddy bear on the bed.The decor is dated and the carpets are worn through. The rooms are decorated in terrible taste but I have to give them credit for a comfortable bed and a small but functional bathroom. If you are used to large American style hotel room you will be very disappointed since they have tiny European style rooms. To make matters worse the room had some weird odor which is either from old age or from smoking. The waterfront view was overrated since the first bunch of rooms have their view obscured by the ugly building next door. Even though we were on the other side of the train tracks we still heard the trains coming by every hr or so.The lounge was decorated in the same bad taste log cabin style decor but played hip ultra lounge music. After scrutinizing the poor drinks menu and paying too much for our drinks we got the hell out of there. You can only stomach so much of the ugly decor. You want to save all your energy just to get through the night in the ugly hotel room without jumping in to the water.We will not stay here again even if it is the last hotel available in Seattle. In a city with such diverse and amazing hotels it is hard to believe that this place is still in business. Next time I will book directly with a well reviewed hotel and pay a little extra a night.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	2	2	1	

<Author>naport44
<Content>Overated needs to be upgraded, not worth the money! We live in Seattle and each year we book a hotel room downtown for the tree and BON star lighting. This year through an auction site we ended up at the Edgewater for around $120/with tax. Upon arrival we were told we needed to shell out another $30.00 to get a waterside room. We obliged thinking we got a good price through the auction site and were in the holiday spirit. Once in the room it had an overwhelming smell of smoke upon arrival even though the check in person told us twice the hotel was non smoking. Our water view was nice but too close to a dock where a large boat was being worked on even late at night! The decor of the hallway and the room were very dated and did not have a Seattle feel. This hotel is not worth more than $120/night, I feel very sorry for others that have paid $250/night for this place especially for a room that is not waterside. I would not recommend this to anyone as there are so many other better alternatives in Seattle.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>rainystate
<Content>wonderful getaway We were upgraded to a water view room yesterday upon arrival with no extra fee involved.The restaurant was top notch and the food was delicious.The decor of cabin type lodging was comfortable and first class linens and extremely great bed made for a good nights sleep.Staff were accomadating and efficient. A Christmas tree was just being put in the lobby when we arrived and this morning on our way to breakfast it was looking beautiful in the gorgeous lobby. Unlike previous reviews I just read we found this hotel to be first class.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Tonym6969
<Content>What a cheesy joke!!! We booked this hotel through an auction site and ended up paying about $120/night. On paper it looked like we got a steal of a deal for a waterfront 4* Seattle hotel. Upon arrival we immediately realized that the hotel is probably having trouble filling their rooms through conventional means and are now resorting to auction sites to try and fill rooms.The entire hotel is decorated with cheesy ornaments and prints to give it an old run down log cabin type feel. It cold be used for an over the top comedy set to shoot movies like Dumb and Dumber. During check in I was told that my room rate will get me a 1st floor queen bed and that it will cost me $30/night to upgrade to a king on the water side. I declined and magically received a 2nd floor king bedroom on the city side for no extra fee. The city view can probably be more adequately described as a noisy rail road track view.Overall the hotel seemed more like a 3* instead of a 4* when taking into account the low quality toiletries and housekeeping. We tipped housekeeping every morning and received different service every day. The first morning they removed our dirty glasses and did not bother replacing them with new ones, they did not take out the garbage and left the ice bucket full of water with no replacement bag. This routine continued for the remainder of our stay. Inconsistent housekeeping means a lack of quality control which is supposed to be held in high regard at 4 and 5 * hotels.Overall the hotel was worth the $120/night but not a dollar more. We will not be staying here again and do not recommend it for any other travelers.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>maf1127
<Content>Cut off My date an I had one drink at the bar, and were clearly not inebriated. However, the waitress Trisha refused to serve my date and I. My date asked to speak with the manager, who said she saw my date walking and believed she was overly intoxicated. The truth of the matter is my date had a prosthetic leg, and walked with a limp naturally. My date was horribly embarrassed by the manager and waitress in front of a large group of people. Clearly, people with disabilities are not welcome at the Edgewater. Or maybe it was because my date happened to be of a different race than everybody else. Either way the Edgewater is a discriminatory establishment, stuck in the 1950's.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>TripperZA
<Content>Overpriced and not great Very disappointing property. The setting on stilts hanging over the water is fabulous but that's where it ends.The decor is odd and incongruous with my impressions of Seattle. It's log cabin-ish and better suited to a ski lodge in Vermont or Colorado. I requested a water-facing room on check-in and was told it cost 50 dollars more than what I'd paid. Having already forked out around 300 dollars for the night, I declined and took a city facing room. The irritating part was that my colleague booked on the same room rate and through the same agent, who checked in right behund me, got a water facing room for no extra charge and without asking!Notwithstanding the odd decor, the hotel looks tired and worn. My room was abysmally small and I am amazed that American travellers would accept rooms of this size, knowing how spacious hotels are in general. I am not a large person and do not have a problem with the typically smaller rooms that one finds on the Eurpoean continent. There was barely space to move around the double bed and if I had been sharing I would have felt claustrophobic. The city-facing rooms are next to a railway line with a busy level crossing and a clanging bell every time a train passes by!! This happens throughout the day and night. These rooms need to be twice the size and sound-proofed. I had 3 nights on the trot in Chaicago, Seattle and San Francisco and this was the by far, the worst value of all 3 cities. You can do a lot better at the price elsewhere in Seattle.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Wedding76
<Content>Bait  My wife and I held our wedding at the Edgewater Hotel (Seattle) September of 2008 and were unpleasantly surprised when we got back from our honeymoon and found out that our final bill was almost 30% (over $4,600) higher than the final estimated we received just days prior to the wedding. When we met with our sales representative and her manager we were told that the original estimate was just that, an estimate. They then assured us, however, that our satisfaction is their priority; they鈥檇 review the final bill and see if we could 鈥渕eet in the middle somewhere.鈥?Our sales representative called us five days later to let us know that the best they could do was offer to reduce our final bill by roughly $1,600.  I will say that my wife and I can agree that the location, presentation, and catering made our wedding experience absolutely phenomenal. This was definitely the best day of our lives but we can not shake the horrible taste left in our mouths as a result of our final billing surprise.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spikeSanDiego
<Content>Not worth it for an overnight stay The location and view of the harbor is great. The rooms are comfy with cute bear foot stools, stuffed bears on your bed and a nice fireplace. The linens and bathrooms are top notch. I had reservations at the Quality Inn by the Space Needle but then changed to the Edgewater after bidding on a 4 start hotel. If I had stayed at the Quality Inn, I would have had free internet, free breakfast and a free shuttle to pier 30 for my cruise the next day. The Edgewater had none of this. The Edgewater charged $10/person for a ride to the pier so the 3 of us took at cab for $15. I went to the bar with a $20 bill to get 2 glasses of wine, but couldn't find any on the menu that I could afford and still tip the bartender. I wish I had kept my reservation at the Quality Inn.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	5	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Floella-Flower
<Content>This hotel is a little odd... This hotel has its good and bad points, but if you are looking for something a little unusual or quirky this could be for you.I had this hotel booked for me by the company I was visiting and having read a number of reviews on this hotel which were pretty mixed I was concerned at what I would find. The room: I had a deluxe 'city scape' view which was a resonable size and overlooked the entrance to the hotel. The room itself was clean the bed comfortable but for me personally the decor was not what you would expect in a city hotel. Although nothing wrong with it the slick modern bathroom did not match the log cabin and cuddly toy approach in the main room. The restaurant: The restaurant (bar and lounge) overlook the water and when eating in the restaurant the view is a fabulous place to watch the ships and seals. The dinner menu itself I was not so impressed with. I ate once in the restaurant and struggled to work out what was being described (that could be down to me being English and not familiar with the terms) The food I did have was however very good but I didn't return as it is of a higher class of food and far to fancy to eat regularly. Breakfast has a good choice of foods with a good continental option - but be prepared to wait to be seated! The service is not as efficient as in the evening...Room service: efficient, tasty food - my only complaint is that there is not anything light like a sandwich on the menu, 18% tip plus $2 charge is added for each order.Hotel in general: I have encountered more friendly and efficient staff in other Seattle hotels - they are not bad but I felt at times I was an inconvenince to them. The general decor and facilities are good however the corridors upstairs are in desperate need of a revamp - the carpets are tired the mustard paintwork makes them look worse than perhaps they are. The woodwork is chipped and battered in places and so this is probably the worst area. The business 'suite' is a small cupboard in which you do not want to spend too much time - there is a gym which from what I could see was very busy but not used by myself. Location: fabulously placed on the waterfront , however slightly out of town if you like walking - although they do offer a suttle bus to in to town. The cruise ships are right next door so you dont want a room overlooking that as all you see is the side of the cruise ship. The rail tracks do run close to the hotel but I had no trouble with the noise that some had reported - maybe just luck or that I am used to train noise.Overview: I would not be unhappy to stay here again although would probably select other hotels in Seattle over this one. It is clean and comfortable and the waterfront views are definately its best feature.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>slpgraves
<Content>Scenic Lodge-like hotel. Cozy, comfortable rooms, right on the waterfront, with fireplace and balcony extending over the bay. A beautiful view of Elliott Bay and Olympic mountains. The lobby and all dining areas have a gorgeous view. Just go in the winter -- it's too warm to use the fireplace in Sept. The service in dining wasn't the best, but the scenery being enjoyed made up for it.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>Grace19
<Content>Charming; Terrific Service; Great Location I hosted a business meeting here for 3 days. Attendees and I were very impressed with the charm of the guestrooms: beautiful NorthWoods decor and gas fireplace was fabulous. Bathrooms are stunning, updated for contemporary look, with riverstone showers.The service we received from the Sales/Catering staff was impeccable. They went above and beyond to meet our needs. Our group visited the bar/lounge several times - service was slow at times, but nice atmosphere. We did not eat at the restaurant, but food from catering was the best catered hotel food I've ever experienced.Hotel is in walking distance to the Fishmarket and Belltown. Great restaurants nearby.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>jaybird08
<Content>Cozy Lodge Like some other reviewers on the site, my boyfriend and I ended up at the Edgewater after bidding for a 4-star hotel in Seattle. We both really enjoyed our stay. The room, although on the small side, was well-appointed, with comfortable linen, a cozy fireplace, a cute teddy-bear on the bed, and a wonderful bathroom with spa toiletries and a rainfall shower-head. If possible, get a room overlooking the harbor since the view is breathtaking and the best part of the hotel. The location was great since many of the famous landmarks in Seattle are within walking distance. The one thing I would watch out for is the cosly parking fee, which comes out to almost $32/night for overnight parking plus tip. That said, I would definelty stay here again, sans the rental car.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>seattletrip
<Content>Sleepless in seattle The hotel is a glorified Motel. We stayed there for 5 days without a single nights sleep. The MOTEL sits right by commercial railroad tracks. All night you hear screatching tracks and train horns. We are not light sleepers, and this place was impossible.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Inveener
<Content>Great Deal We recently pricelined a 4 star hotel in Seattle for 120 dollars a night and ended up at the Edgewater. Similar to previous reviewers, we were also offered an upgrade to a king size room with a water view for 50 dollars more. We declined to pay the extra money, and ended up being put in a king-sized room with a water view anyway (for no additional charge)! The room was cute, with log cabin-esque furnishings, a gas fireplace and a balcony over looking the water. The bathroom was sparkling clean and quite fancy. The lobby and lounge had gorgeous seating with huge windows on the water...perfect for watching the sun set. Hotel is within walking distance of the wharf restaurants/bars and Pike's place market. It is also pretty close to the Space needle (walking distance for us). Staff was exceptionally friendly and we didn't have to pay for our valet parking (don't know if that was a glitch on their part or not). Highly recommended at the priceline price, however, many rooms face right on the parking lot/driveway...which would really be a bummer if you were paying full price.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>traveltaste
<Content>Terrible Accomodations - Ruined Impression of Seattle I decided to stay at this hotel after hearing from a work colleague that it was a great place to stay, on the waterfront in Seattle. Before booking my stay, I checked out the website. Talk about misleading pictures, etc. When I got to the hotel on a Sunday afternoon and checked it, I was immediately disappointed when I got to the hotel hallway where my room was. Very dirty.... reminded me of an old college dormitory. My hotel room, which did not overlook the water, but rather the train tracks, was small, but clean... no drawers for clothing, no desk to do some work. Additionally, the hotel was loaded with folks who spent all weekend at Hemp Fest. Would NOT recommend that you get fooled by the website. I heard from a lady that I met in town at dinner that she highly recommends the Inn at Black Market or The Alexis..... I only wish I had met her earlier as i think I would have had a different Seattle experience. There's always next time. Don't waste your money at The Edgewater.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	4	2	1	

<Author>2DogsCalgary
<Content>Marvelous Waterfront Views       Morning Visitor  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pitonBellingham
<Content>rip off we thought the service was fair. the location good if you want to walk to pikes and the wharf area. we however do not trust the management as they try to add an additional 150 dollars to our bill after we had checked out stating that we smoked in the room which is completely FALSE. there is also no parking in the area and you are forced to pay for valet parking. i understand that a lot of hotels are trying to squeeze money out of customers thinking that we wont notice but this is so blatantly ridiculous  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pelican_in_a_bathtub
<Content>Overpriced - Mediocre hotel with some history. Overpriced - Noisy Location - Mediocre service.I've stayed at much nicer hotels in bigger cities for far less than this hotel.We flew into Seattle for a romantic weekend and attracted to the hotel's unique location we thought we would splurge and stay at the Edgewater. The room was nice, well decorated but nothing impressive. The room was small, a coffee table and two upholstered chairs were crammed at the foot of the bed. The small balcony was dirty (lots of dead bugs) with only a flimsy divider between ours and the next room's balcony. The balcony overlooked ... cruise liner decks and stateroom balconies! The noise of the cruise liner's engines, their bells, loudspeaker announcements and the hustle and bustle of the people boarding them right outside our window from dawn to dusk, did not make for a pleasant stay. We tried to order breakfast in bed. Room service took forever, they got our order wrong and the Hollandaise sauce on the Eggs Benedict was cold and congealed. Their muffins tasted store bought, not fresh. Their coffee was blah!Had the hotel cost $90 or $100 a night I would've put up with it, but for $400+ No way!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lynz001
<Content>Great Stay! 2 adults in early 50's for 3 night stay on priceline bid July 29-August 1, 2008. The location was excellent as we walked to pike market, space needle and pioneer area of town, never needed transportation. We did do a sightseeing tour of Seattle as well. We received a room on the 1st floor and were upgraded to King Bed no charge, we were offered to upgrade to waterfront for 50.00 per night but declined. The hall way was dark and there was a musty smell but once we opened the door to our room we were very happy. Although on the first floor we could not leave our curtains open as people are always walking by we only needed the room for sleep as we are out all day long and evening. There are train tracks nearby so beware you will hear the train blow and it is loud, I heard it at 3:10am one night and then the next nights I did not hear it, I am a very light sleeper and my husband did not hear it at all but he sleeps like a log. The waterviews from the lobby and lounge are so nice we sat and had happy hour one day and used the lobby lounge to look out at the water so no need for the extra cost of a waterview room. The weather was also on the cool side so would not have sat outside anyway. I loved the washroom in the room it was awesome, every time I entered it I told my husband how much I loved it. The bed was comfortable and had a nice TV. We did not unpack and there was very limited drawer space. We also had robes in the room which was nice. Overall for the price we paid I was pleased. I do not think this hotel is good for families as it is unique for its decor.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>abbelie
<Content>fabulous place We absolutely loved our stay here. The fireplace and teddy bears in the room make it very charming and a peaceful room to come back to after a long day of exploring. The bathrooms are well appointed with a nice sink, tilework, and a terrific rainfall showerhead. The location is very beautiful, right by the waterfront and the park with all the statues. Even Seattle Center and Pike Place Market are a short stroll away. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>ESNODs
<Content>Enjoyed the Lodge Decor When I won the Edgewater with my Priceline bid for a 4* star downtown Seattle hotel, I was initially disappointed. I knew it was not really downtown, and it has had a reputation as a very tired hotel.Granted, my expectations were not high, but I was pleasantly surprised. My teenaged daughter and I checked in early into a very nice room on the 3rd floor. It had two double beds, a desk and a seating area with a fireplace, two chairs and a stuffed bear ottoman. My daughter adored the bear ottoman , which they do sell in the giftshop. The Edgewater has obviously undergone a recent complete renovation. The consistent decor throughout the hotel and in the rooms is a mountain lodge theme -- very cute in an almost Disneyland way. We liked it.Pike Place Market and downtown Seattle are very accessible: a nice stroll away. We ate dinner at The Old Spaghetti Factory which is just a few minutes walk in the other direction. Also just a 5 minute walk to an awesome little coffee and pastry shop called Uptown Espresso.Nice bathroom, good linens, bathrobes, flat screen tv, comfortable beds and pillows in a dark, quiet room that provided a solid 8 hour sleep. All-in-all, a good experience for us, especially at the Priceline rate of 50% off the lowest published rate. I don't give it the five star rating because of little details: they only give a USA Today, instead of WSJ or local paper, halls are dark, room service trays in the hall weren't picked up promptly, the parking charge is very high and I overheard the bellhop tell a guest who was checking out that it would cost $20 for them to leave their luggage for a few hours.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Linkc71
<Content>Waterview room with a balcony - worth the money. My husband I stayed at the Edgewater on our recent visit Seattle. We booked the room through a travel agent and was not sure what to expect. The outside of the hotel is not much to look but the room we stayed in was spectacular. Wow, what a view. We had a waterfront room with a private balcony overlooking Elliott Bay. All we heard were the occasional seagulls. In the evening the sunsets were breathtaking. You could see all the sailboats, cargo boats, tugboats, etc cruising in the bay. We had a view of the Olympic Mountains to one side and downtown Seattle on the other. I dont know about the other rooms but ours was perfect!! However there is one note I would like to add that the first day it appeared the commons areas of the hotel were a little dirty (maybe due to high occupancy) but the next day everything was clean and tidy.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelPro35
<Content>Great Room, Great Hotel Staff...Avoid the Bar! Booked through Priceline, $122 including fees (offered $100). Arrived at 12:00pm, our room was ready. Offered the $50 upgrade at the front desk, opted to see our 4th floor City View room first. Our City View Room was small but doable. After passing a Waterview room that was being serviced, we fell in love and called down and asked if we could have that room, they were only too happy to oblige. The hotel front desk staff were absolutely wonderful as well as housekeeping and the housekeeping manager. THEY NEED A NEW BARTENDER! This guy had to be the worse bartender I have ever dealt with. I still do not know why I tipped him. Two draft beers....doesn't sound too complicated, he poured the wrong beers AND overcharged us. Really, how hard could that be. How many people in the bar...including us? A total of 6...all drinking drafts. He was rude, cold and should be behind a desk...not dealing with the public. Avoid the bar at all costs. (I did overhear a waitress talking to a manager saying her table was also overcharged for their drinks.) One last thing, noticed when I arrived home, I had a minibar charge on my bill. Which meant I was once again calling to dispute a charge. Seemed odd to have to dispute two different charges from a hotel I was at for less that 24hrs. Regardless, the rooms are beautiful but beware, if you go when a cruise ship is in town, you may have part of your view blocked.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>idahogrrl
<Content>Pleasantly surprised Priceline customer I read a few reviews from people who booked the Edgewater hotel through Priceline, so I was a little nervous. Fortunately, our experience was very pleasant. Knowing that the hotel charges $28 for valet parking per 24 hour period, we decided to go ahead and arrive early and park the car for the day and just walk around downtown. When we arrived around 1:00 we told the valet that we hadn't checked in yet but could we park, they were very nice and accomodating. We went ahead and went to the front desk not expecting to check in, but got our room reserved and everything.The service was very friendly and I didn't get any attitude about booking through Priceline. We were offered an upgrade to a water view room for $50 but declined. (Another reviewer mentioned the spacious lobby with fabulous water views - I agree that between the VERY comfy lobby, lounge, and dining area there are plenty of places to sit and stare at the water if you want to so you don't need a water view room). There were no rooms ready, but we were told that there was only one party ahead of us and that they would call us when the room was ready. No problem, since we weren't expecting to get in early anyway. We were called within an hour  given access to the room. We went ahead and took our luggage up to check it out. It was room 407 facing the city. For a non premium view, we had a very nice view of the city including the space needle. Of course, at the Edgewater you are pretty much below the town, so it's not like you have this huge 360 degree view, but looking at some of the photos of dumpsters from another reviewer, this was definitely better than that and quite pleasant. The room was quite small, but cozy and comfortable. Neat bright red painted bathroom with black  chrome accents. Nice rain shower, good smelling soap/shampoo, etc. Upscale amenities. Fridge, small TV, nice ice bucket  glasses. Comfortable bed  pillows. I think it would have been TOO small for more than a night or two, but for one night it was fine.The most attitude we got was from the bartender at the lounge. And some of the lounge patrons were a little chichi for me, but it was still a nice night out with hubby.Negatives: the elevator floor was dirty - it had dark stains on the carpet and looked like it hadn't been vacuumed. I noticed this more the day we checked out so maybe it was just especially trafficked over that 24 hour period.Postives: definitely a good deal for $135 on priceline ($110 bid plus their service fees). Easy walk to Pike Place Market, waterfront, fairly easy walk to downtown shopping district.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>KCCPOLY
<Content>Will come back!! My husband and I visited Seattle for the first time in Dec. 2006. We were celebrating our 1st anniversary - and we had an amazing time. The Edgewater was perfect!!! The staff was one of the best I've ever experienced. The hotel runs shuttles around town every hour during the day, so if you don't want to walk, you just head downstairs on the hour and off you go! All we did was tip the driver, which we loved doing because they were great and full of information - they even made us reservations at a local restaurant while taking us shopping, they just called someone at the hotel and gave them the info! We enjoyed walking to nearby restaurants, and even enjoyed the walk to Pike Market - although I wouldn't recommend walking to older folks as it is fairly good distance (we aren't in great shape ourselves but it was a pleasant walk). We had a waterfront room, on the 1st floor, which is interesting in the winter! We had waves crashing right on us basically - but we loved it! We probably could have moved higher up if we didn't enjoy the crashing waves, but we never asked. During our stay we had a problem with the TV. Within minutes the repair man was there fixing it and they even bought us a movie for the inconvenience.The ambiance is wonderful for a winter stay. We loved the entrance with the huge fireplace, and really loved the rooms.I would 100% recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Seattle.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Michelle_Travels
<Content>Deceptive room descriptions; unconcerned customer service; overpriced "view"       Our Full Waterfront View for $375+  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	2	2	

<Author>k-ro99
<Content>Enjoyed our stay at the hotel. We bid on Priceline at $125 a night (2-night stay end of June). On our arrival, at our request, we were cheerfully upgraded to a room with a king bed, and (not at our request) to a room with a balcony. We weren鈥檛 offered a $50 upgrade to a water-side room as others have commented on. We had a view of the top of the Space Needle from our city-side room. Train noise is loud on the city side so be aware if this kind of noise tends to bother you. We kept the patio door /windows closed at night and the trains didn鈥檛 bother us at all, although we are sound sleepers. I agree about the curtains 鈥?some sheers to allow light in but maintain privacy would have been nice. The Adirondack chairs on the small balcony were comfortable.Noticed a cruise ship docked pretty darn close to the southern part of the hotel, which I would imagine would be startling when you open your window to enjoy THAT water view! (There are a lot of cruise ship travelers staying at the hotel before and after cruises.) The front desk staff, valets, and maids were all very friendly and helpful (especially the maids 鈥?every one we passed had a cheerful smile). Weren鈥檛 very impressed with the bar/wait staff. I asked if the bartender knew how to make an Italian margarita and was told no 鈥?wouldn鈥檛 you expect a bartender to have access to a drink recipe book? Making drinks IS his/her profession, isn鈥檛 it? I was asked if I knew what was in it 鈥?I鈥檓 sorry, but if I鈥檓 paying $12 for a drink, I don鈥檛 think I should have to direct the bartender on how to make it. My husband said the clam chowder was good but not highly exceptional. That was the only meals we at the restaurant.The rooms are small but I thought they were comfortable 鈥?had everything you needed. We didn鈥檛 try the gas fireplace. My husband thought the bed was uncomfortable, but I thought it was fine. In fact, I slept better in the bed at the Edgewater than in the bed at the Liberty Inn we stayed at the next 2 nights (Dupont). I think the location is better for leisure travelers than business people--It's walkable distance to many tourist attractions and good restaurants. Minibar prices are extremely high, as is the parking fee ($28 for overnight guests). Recommend checking out the other parking options mentioned by reviewers. There鈥檚 a small convenience store a block or two up (Wall). There is a Cost Plus World Market a few blocks away (toward downtown but up a block from the pier road), that has reasonably priced wines.The hotel is very distinctively decorated. The hotel lobby is more like a living room, with comfortable reading niches, a fireplace, and game tables (backgammon, chinese checkers). We had some lovely warm weather while there. I went looking for a place to sit outside to read, and was surprised that the hotel had no outside space for people to enjoy the water/weather. There were some benches on the side of the hotel near the parking lot (over the water and near the Port Authority building), which met the need, although sitting in a parking lot wasn鈥檛 exactly the experience I was looking for.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>springsBoston
<Content>Edgewater is perfect for a cruise vacation My mom  I were planning an Alaskan cruise on NCL and booked this hotel based on internet research. It was better than expected and we had a terrific stay. It was super convenient to pier 66 (right next door). Tourist attractions were close by and the hotel staff were very helpful with maps, directions and advise on sightseeing and getting around. We never once felt the need for a cab (and my mom is 70). The room was cityside. We couldn't see the water from our window but we could see the Space Needle. The lobby had one of the best lobby views ever, big comfortable chairs, tables with board games and newspapers. And stuffed salmon on the walls. And trees. Breakfast was a little expensive but convenient and there were plenty of dining choices a short walk away. The bathroom was so pretty, I'm going to remember it for the next time I remodel my own. Edgewater helped to make my first impression of Seattle exceptional.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>bruce07950
<Content>Good features but not for me This property upon arrival has some attractive northern lodge decor. There is a striking outdoor gas fireplace by the entrance. Check-in was handled well and we were escorted to our cityside rooms. (As we were going on a cruise we did not see fit to pay double for water view rooms. Since the property is built on a pier, the only place we could see the water was from the lobby, the cocktail lounge, and the restaurant.The hotel sent a car to pick us up from the airport for $42 plus tip. More than a taxi, but we needed a bit more space for 3 people plus luggage. Parking is limited, and the streetcar line is out of service. Buses are available but did not seem to be convenient for travelers to get to shopping or restaurants.The corridors are attractive but long and fairly dark. WIth a scarcity of elevators, we often took the stairs which were old and unattractive.The bathroom was the most striking feature of the rooms, with a stone shower and two shower heads (no tubs). We found it rather odd that the only closet in the room was inside of the bathroom. There was no auxiliary source of heat in the bathroom which is a touch we like when getting out of the shower.The entertainment center/armoire had a few drawers for storage, but not enough for 2 people. In both of our rooms, the doors on the entertainment center would not stay open. (ever hear of shims?)We were rather baffled by the heating controls for the gas fireplace which we understood was the main source of heat in the room (cool nights so we did use it). The upholstered chairs seemed a bit worn but were comfortable. The lighting in the room was really not adequate if you wanted to read.The beds were comfortable enough and had nice pillows. Linens and towels were adequate. There were not enough hooks for towels or clothes. House brand toiletries were OK and a quality toothbrush was provided upon request.While we were advised in several places that there had been two restaurants in fact there was only one with entrees that started at $26 and most were far more expensive. We only ate one meal there given the cost. Breakfast would have run a minimum of $15 had we chosen to eat that there. Room service while not tried was expensive. No other restaurants were within comfortable walking distance. A coffee shop at the Victoria Clipper pier next door but only open M-F is within a half-mile and a good value. While we enjoyed our stay, I'm not convinced it was worth the price we paid.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>rrqueen
<Content>Perfect Location! We spent three nights at the Edgewater in downtown Seattle. We bid for the room on Priceline and got a great deal at $110 a night, considering their room rates were posted at over $350 a night. Check-in went very well. Because we purchased the room on Priceline, we were given a very small room with a single queen bed. Since there were just two of us, it was perfect. Our only complaint was that the room did not have a dresser or enough hangers in the closet for us to unpack our suitcases. We were given a city view, overlooking the Space Needle. No complaints about the view, but we could've done without the train across the street, blowing it's whistle at 4:00 a.m. and 6:00 a.m. both mornings! We ate appetizers in the restaurant one evening and had breakfast one morning. The food and service were excellent on both occasions. We walked everywhere and felt safe, even after dark. Pioneer Square, Pike's Place and the Space Needle were all within a 10-30 minute walk. Unless you plan on leaving the Seattle downtown area to sightsee, you do not need a car. A free bus stops in front of the hotel and runs every 20-30 minutes. If you do have a car, they charge $28 a night. We would definately stay at this hotel again, and would highly recommend it to our family and friends.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Nyperez
<Content>Worst room ever!!!       Awful room  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	2	-1	-1	

<Author>StacieKelseyville_CA
<Content>Loved it!!!!!!!!!!!!! Booked this hotel through Victoria Clipper.com! Absolutely gorgeous room! Waterside room! Cruise ships only 10 feet away from room window! Fireplace was wonderful! Bathroom is nice, shower is a little different, as its an overhead shower, but we loved the room! Beds were cozy and so comfortable! Pike Place is 10 minute walk, loved it! Would absolutely recommend this hotel to everyone! Courteous service, clean rooms, quiet, and a wonderful lobby!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>grande_rosso
<Content>ditto the other recent reviews I would echo the previous several reviews. It is an above average property, but nothing really deserving of the (to me anyway) high rates. I was there for a business conference, so my room was paid in a group by my company, but I would have probably tried priceline, etc, if I had been making the call.I must have been in the same room as the previous review (405?) because we had all the same problems with the fireplace, train noise, etc.We brought some of our own wine and put it in the mini-fridge, used the hotel wine glasses. The next morning after returning from breakfast, our room was made up, but we still had the same dirty wine glasses. My wife saw the cart in the hall and took a couple clean wine glasses. The mini-bar guy flagged her down and told her that his service was seperate from the maid and that we would get clean glasses later. He also let her know that the wine glasses and fridge were intended for patrons who buy MIMI-BAR wine, etc. Very snooty.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>OffTheBeatenPath
<Content>Okay for Priceline, but not worth full price The Edgewater has been designed as an upscale concept hotel, but the focus was on appearance, not substance. It's worth it if you can get a water view room for less than $100 on Priceline, but it's definitely not worth full price (especially for city-view rooms).A little background: I have spent a lot of time in Seattle -- and in hotels in Seattle -- because I have family in Seattle and I used to work in Seattle. I lived in hotels during the week and went home to Vancouver on weekends, so I know Seattle hotels pretty well. I had eaten both brunch and a business dinner at the Edgewater in the past two years, and enjoyed the restaurant and the views both times. So when I bid $89 on Priceline and got the Edgewater, I thought I'd gotten a good deal. In the end, it was a mixed experience, though, much in line with the reviews here.The good:The bathroom. We didn't get a tub (or a balcony), but the shower was quite nice. I liked the dual showerheads, and they had provided pretty much everything I needed in the bathroom (blowdryer, magnifying mirror, etc.).The woodsy kitsch decor. The nice thing about it is that it's meant to look worn, so where the halls (especially) were worn, you weren't sure whether that was part of the hunting lodge look or actual wear. Usually wear  tear in the hallways bothers me; because of the decor it didn't here.The staff. They were in general pretty friendly; we didn't have any problems checking in or out.The bad:The mattress. Hard, hard, hard. At a hotel that lists for Westin heavenly bed prices, I didn't expect the Best Western mattress. (Actually, I think the mattress at the Best Western over by Seattle Center was better the one time I stayed there.)The trains. We were in a city-view room, as it was a Priceline reservation. We were offered an upgrade to water view for $50 / night, but didn't take it as we weren't tourists  didn't need the view -- I didn't think about the train tracks, though. Combined with the rock hard mattress, the trains squealing by all night make it pretty difficult to sleep. Avoid city-view rooms.The keys. They demagnetize at the drop of a hat, which led to awkward moments where neither my husband or I could get into the room. The desk staff said it happens all the time if you put the key near credit cards or cell phones. Okay, well, where are you going to carry the key if not in a purse or wallet, both of which appear to be landmines of key demagnetization? Management clearly knows about it; why is it not fixed? No other hotels have this problem.The size of the rooms. Teeny, as already mentioned here. We only just had space to walk between the queen-sized bed and the chair. The little things (also quite mixed):The nickel-and-dime routine. If a cafe two blocks away gives me free wireless with my $2 coffee, why can't the Edgewater give its customers free wireless with their $100+ room? If I can park on the street for free right outside the hotel, why charge $28/night for parking? (not to mention I think $28/night is the most expensive hotel parking I've ever seen in Seattle.)Weird layout. For some patrons, the long walk may be difficult. The lobby isn't in the middle of the hotel, like in most places -- you check in and then all the rooms are down a long, long, narrow hallway. The elevator is halfway down that hallway, not near the lobby. So it could be difficult for elderly or handicapped patrons to navigate.The number of people. Because it's on the water it's an event hotel. You'll see a lot of people in the narrow hallways and and in the lounge / lobby. We didn't have much problem with noise in the hallways up on the fourth floor, though, fortunately.No name toiletries. The sort you'd expect in a mid-level chain, not a place trying to be upscale. Also, a very strong, not very pleasant scent to them. They were supposedly from a spa in the Noble House chain (basically the same as generic Holiday Inn toiletries). It didn't exactly make me feel I was in a hotel worth $300 a night (good thing I didn't pay that).The fireplace. Nice idea, but ours didn't work. It had a pilot light on all night, but no matter what we did with the thermostat the fireplace wouldn't light. We tried the timer as well and that also didn't work. Trying to sleep across from the pilot light, combined with the train noise and the hard mattress, was difficult.The curtains. Two choices -- completely shut and blocking all light, or completely open and flashing the street as you dress. I like having some light in the room during the day, even while I'm getting up  getting ready, so a set of sheers behind the heavy curtains would have been nice, and you usually see that in hotels, but the Edgewater just had one set of heavy curtains. Many of these are not big things, but small touches that, when neglected, show that the Edgewater isn't an upscale hotel worth the money they charge. If you can book a water-view room for under $100 on Priceline, it's worth it. If not, it's not.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>wazzurx
<Content>For a priceline deal..... I stayed for 2 nights while visiting family. I booked though priceline and after reading other online reviews, I was somewhat pleased with my stay. First off, if you do book through priceline then seem to give you 2 twin beds which were barely long enough for me (6ft) and the heating system is dificult to operate. The fireplace is nice though. Parking is 28/day which is pretty steap and hard to find offsite parking. The next moring we were told we could upgrade to a king bed and water side room for an extra 50 a night. We did and it was a much better room. Great view and larger bed. Just be away the cruise terminal is next door so you might have an alaskian cruiseship in your view for most the day. I stayed at the Seattle Sheraton the following night and for 180 on priceline I liked that hotel much better.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>beenthere_8
<Content>Nice Seattle Getaway Booked hotel for $119 on Hotwire and were upgraded to a King cityside for free. Could have upgraded to waterside for $50 but you get that view for free sitting in the lobby.I understand that parking is expensive in Seattle and all downtown hotels charge for parking, but $28 + tax for someone to park my car outside right beside the hotel is hard to swallow.Have no complaints about noise or room size. Breakfast in restaurant was great with a nice view. Hotel shuttle was handy.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>maestro
<Content>Great hotel, great location       The lobby's check-in desk  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>MountainDream
<Content>Overrated!       Trash/Water View  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	2	1	2	2	

<Author>cnote1891
<Content>Avoid Edgewater We stayed at the Edgewater Hotel's Waterfront Premium Room for our anniversary in December 2007. When we arrived, the parking attendant was polite and courteous. We checked in smoothly and that's where the problems started.1) The water pressure of the shower was terribly weak. It was not a shower, it was water dripping out of the shower head.2) The bed sheets were not clean. There were clearly human fluids present.3) The plug for the bath tub was missing. And it took 20+ minutes for room service to bring it.4) Constant noise coming from the hallway. I think the room was next to the utilities room - a lot of water pressure noise and consistent beeping sound. It was enough to wake me in the middle of my sleep.5) TV reception was bad - rendering the 40' flat screen meaningless.The only good experiences I had at this hotel was when I arrived, and the service I received in breakfast. The food was not even that great.I submitted a customer feedback form both online and via writing as I checked out; but the hotel never responded. I felt it was a total waste of money ($500+/night).  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>Sc0ttTheD0t
<Content>Nice place but had issues with noise The Edgewater is a great example of Pacific Northwest style. The log fire out front sets the tone for a cosy look that is carried out throughout the hotel.The location is pretty good as you have the Space Needle on one side and Pike Place on the other.It is expensive but I would not say it is value for money. Seattle is one of the most 'wired' cities in the world but the Edgewater will charge you $25 for internet access.We were also woken two nights running by the fire alarms going off. Staff were giving contradictory instructions ('Stay there'/'Go to the fire point) and both times it was a fault. Apparently this is not an unusual occurence. No form of compensation was forthcoming.We were also woken by the Navy one morning who were berthed next door and like a big band and plenty of horns when they set sail.I also had to argue my case about a toll free phone call that they were attempting to bill me $70 for.So to summarise if you want to be kept awake in a lovely looking hotel who will suck the cash right out of your pockets then this is the place to be.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>DfromOC
<Content>Great deal (at a discount) Stayed last weekend at the Edgewater after winning a $100/night bid on Priceline. FOR THE PRICE, it was a great deal. Location: Right on the waterfront. Was about a 5-10 minute walk to the Ferry Terminal and Pike Place. Parking: $28/night. Yikes. Valets were fairly quick and very courteous.Check-in: Efficient. Got offered an upgrade to a larger, waterside room for $50/night more. We passed as we weren't spending much time in the hotel anyway.Room: Very small. Like tiny small. We were on the city side. From what we saw from the hallways, the rooms on the water side were bigger. The fireplace was nice, but the room would get hot fast since it was so small. The temperature was a little tricky to regulate. The bed was very soft ( a little too soft for me). The bathroom was very nice. It looked very new. The shower was nice, but I wish it had a real door. They did provide free starbucks and tazo teas in the room, that was a very nice touch.All in all, I would stay there again for the price, but not for much more, the room was just so small. I didn't encounter any of the smells other people did, I thought the place was maintained very nicely.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>yippyskippy06
<Content>Not a family place Our family wanted to spend a couple of days in Seattle. We have four children ages 4 to 9. They had never seen the ocean and we wanted to stay on the water. We all stayed together in one room like we always do. This room was almost 3 times the price of any of the other 5 hotels we stayed in on this vacation, and it was by far, the tiniest. The many hidden costs were annoying at the least. The fireplace looked nice but we couldn't control the temperature in the room. My husband and I slipped down to the bar one night for a drink after the kids went to sleep. The female bartender was very pleasant and helpful. She and one bellman were the only two people in the place that would give us the time of day though unless our wallets were out. I definitely did not feel this hotel was worth the money.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>G550
<Content>Loved it! Very cozy Great hotel, with a nice relaxed atmosphere.After a long cold day in the city it was so nice to sit by the big fireplace, order a drink, and watch the boats go by.Rooms aren't huge, but very cozy.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>badmaru
<Content>Quaint Hotel       The front entrance  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>ekk5
<Content>Great experience at the Edgewater We enjoyed our stay at the Edgewater. It was clean and nice. We had minimal interaction with the staff, but they were all pleasant when we did speak with them. Parking seemed a little expensive to valet (I think it was about $20 a day) but there was a garage across the street on Wall Street for about half that, and another time we found a place on the street to park. The rooms were kind of cozy, but that wasn't a problem for us (it was just my husband and me). We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>Poodles65
<Content>Pleasant but a bit noisy       Heading back to our hotel  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>MichPad
<Content>The view is spectacular, but.....       Sat morning, we had a close encounter  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>4hotwheels
<Content>Wow, what a surprise! I booked this on Priceline for a $100 bid. When I found out where the bid was accepted I was nervous to say the least. Seeing the Edgewater from afar many years ago I thought it looked like a real dive. I called ahead to at least request a water view room which came at the price of $75 extra. We went with out of town guests and so I thought I'd try to salvage the situation by at least being on the water. When we arrived I was shocked. It is a beautiful hotel now. It was remodeled about 2 years ago and it is fantastic. The rooms are wonderful, the view spectacular, the service was terrific and the smell in the halls - per other reviewers comments - not an issue at all.We ate breakfast in the dining room. It was my hubby's bday. The waitress was wonderful and even brought out a little bday cream puff with happy birthday spelled out on the plate in chocolate syrup. Our friends, from Miami, said that would NEVER happen where they live. They were awed by the friendliness of everyone. We walked everywhere, the location is very convenient to all downtown sites. I would highly recommend this location, especially on the waterfront side of the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>airplanegeek
<Content>Ideal location, nice room       view from lobby area  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>lroden
<Content>Impressed, entranced by the Edgewater GREAT location: close to excellent restaurants (newly remodeled Elliot's was fantatstic) and beautiful walking/jogging waterfront park next door.GREAT service: bellman offered to shuttle us to restaurants, car always arrived fast, front desk moved rooms quickly when one was a bit noisy (from fog horn/train), bellman got me a cup of hot tea in the morning at no charge when I was waiting for my jogging partner, etc. - everyone helpful and wanting to please.THE ROOM - FANTASTIC: all-new bathroom with slate floors and shower, big claw foot tub, shoji screens so you can sit in the bath and look out over the water; flip-on fireplace with furry footrest, comfy chairs; good size desk with adequate plugs, wifi ($7/hr or $10/day); all amenities in room - full iron/board, coffee maker, hairdryer, lighted makeup mirror; high quality towels, bedding, shampoo, etc.; THE BAR/RESTAURANTS: gorgeous, on the water, great meeting place for business or pleasure.THE PRICE - WOW: just $149/night on Hotwire.THE SMELL? - I was on the lookout for a moldy smell from other Tripadvisor reviews, but there was none.ONLY COMPLAINTS - exercise room was small, only 3 or 4 cardio machines. But it is accessible 24 hours.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>travelgrrlnyc
<Content>Great shower        Edgewater Bed  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	2	3	3	4	

<Author>jayzilla
<Content>Nice view, surreal breakfast, noisy trains We stayed here right before Christmas to attend a Seahawks game. We thought we would be out of the downtown fray, which was true but there were some issues.The good:Restaurant 6-7 is fantastic for dinner with great service. The atmosphere is very modern and chic and the view is beautiful.Most hotel staff were friendly and helpful. A fairly long walk to Qwest field. Rooms were clean but fairly small.The bad:Cityside rooms are 100 yards from the train (which goes by approx. 3 times per hour) you can actually feel the vibrations.The cityside rooms are also above the entryway and valet parking which make things pretty loud. Definitely need a waterview room unless you are a very sound sleeper. The ventilation in the room sounds like tennis shoes in a dryer. The beds were slab-like. Cleaning service entered our room even though we had a do not disturb sign out.The surreal:Breakfast a 6-7 at 6 am with blaring trance rave music, (literally no staff), a great continental buffet with no serving utensils. Then the music morphs into 50鈥檚 holiday music and ramps up to house bar music. Hmmmm.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dave_in_Indy
<Content>Rustic, Almost Elegant On-The-Water Experience I'm moving to Seattle in a few months - and am staying in the area every other week or so until we move. I try to stay in a different hotel each time I visit. Two weeks ago, I spent a week in the Edgewater.The first thing that struck me upon arriving at the hotel property is that it is on a pier - it is quite literally on the water - as in above it. Located along Seattle's vibrant, revitalized waterfront it is surrounded by active cruise terminals, ferry docks, and some very nice on-the-water seafood restaurants. My expectations were quite high upon arrival.The valet and front desk service was excellent throughout the week. They have clearly been very choosy in staffing these areas; they are engaging, polite, and highly efficient service providers. The main lobby sets the tone for the look of the rest of the hotel: rustic elegance. The hotel seems ripped right out of a 1990 Orvis Catalog, with rough hewn wood paneling and heavy use of greens and browns and plum colors. A large open fireplace further sets the tone as you head towards the elevator.Upon exiting the elevator, you experience the worst of the Edgewater: the hallways. They are not well lighted, somewhat dank, and seemingly two or three years past the time they should have been completely renovated. Most of the rooms extend down one very long corridor, and the ambience/architecture of the walkway is not terribly inviting. Nor does it seem all that clean, although I never saw refuse or even dirt ... it just SEEMS less-than-clean, likely due to it's worn condition.The rooms are quite small, but well appointed. The rustic theme is most definitely continued into the rooms, and a gas fireplace occupies a fair chunk of one corner of the room. The rooms are so small the king size bed occupies a large portion of the space, with a fairly large, upholsted easy chair occupying most of the rest of the space. There are NO drawers, and no place other than a run-of-the-mill closet by the door to hang close and store your luggage. Among the nicest features of the hotel rooms are the bathrooms. While they are scarcely larger than a cruise ship bathroom, they feature a shower and bathroom floor lined with natural stone, featuring glass and chrome trim throughout. While small, it serves to modernize the otherwise stuck-in-the-early-90's decor of the room/hotel.The linens are of a high quality and exceptionally clean - the window coverings, carpet, and walls appeared to be in excellent repair and were very attractive. Our room had an inspiring view of the Space Needle - at night, it is spectacular.The bar/salon and restaurant are very good. Cocktails are exceptionally well made, and service is great as well. The bar was packed every night I was there, and seemed to attract people from the city - not just folks staying in the hotel. Although I only had breakfast in the dining room, the food was very carefully prepared - hash browns were crispy on the outside and moist and flavorful inside; the fruit was delicious, and the cappucino first rate. Both the lounge/bar and dining rooms take great advantage of being ON the water, with beautiful views of Elliott Bay, and the ferries and other ships cruising by.The wonderful restaurants of Belltown are within a very easy walk, as are the Pike Place Market, the Space Needle, and the shopping district near the convention center - and Pioneer Square and many other sites are just a few more minutes away.I was torn between an Above Average and Average rating for this hotel. It is not cheap, and I was concerned/distracted by the dated decor and poor condition of the hallways. However, the service, views, and quaint rooms were strong enough to walk away feeling as though the money was well spent. This is not my favorite hotel (yet) so far in Seattle, but it's in my top three now; and I wouldn't hestitate to recommend it to those who want a real waterfront feel to their hotel stay while in town.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>koko269
<Content>A bit below average... unfortunately       Shower  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Nick_From_Manchester
<Content>Cosy lodge The hotel location right on the water is what this place is all about. Regretably, renovation work to the waterside facia, meant the comfy lounge area with its open fire's and sofa's had it's windows sheeted off (stayed early November 07). Views could however be obtained from the less cosy, modern bar area.The hotel is in a lodge style, but has a modern trendy bar and restaurant; which despite being opposites, actually attract.On arrival, the expense of the valet parking is eased by a large fire pit. The service at the hotel was great, especially the concierge who knew his stuff.We had upgraded to a waterfront room, as that was the 'whole deal' of the hotel. The room was small, or maybe was so crammed with furniture such as big lounge chairs by the fire and a small desk and chair, that it just appeared that way.The theme was all about sitting by the cosy fireplace (gas fired log fire which was easily controlled). Great just to sit there in a robe with a glass of wine and enjoy the sea view, but not sure how the ambience would of been overlooking a car park and noisy main road, so glad we upgraded.The bathroom was large, with walk-in stoned-tiled shower and great toiletries. Fantastic shower with water pressure to refresh the dead.Room service was poor, food arrived over cooked and not very appetising. Additionally, the lobby areas were looking a little worn and tired, as was the room if viewed with an over critical eye.Very enjoyable however and not too far from the main city shops, albeit a $5cab ride was ideally necessary.Would recommend this hotel if you want a relaxing stay in a cosy room and make use of the hotel views.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>2	4	4	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>younglove777
<Content>Nothing special       View from our room (if you don't look down)...  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Always4travel
<Content>Expected more for the money We arrived late on a Thursday night at about 11pm. After a five hour flight and rental car pick-up we were hungry and wanted a glass of wine. We checked in, changed clothes and went down to the lobby area. We found out the kitchen was closed and NO food was available. SO we proceeded to the bar area. The waitress quickly informed us that it was last call and we were rushed and hurried out. Not a very nice impression at all. For the money you expect 24 hour room service at least!! Then we get into our room and realize that we overlook (room 243) the front enterance and valet. So throughout the night we were awakened by the goofing off of the valet people. In the morning it was so loud we called and complained. The bathroom lighting was dingy and dark (nice hot shower though). I went out to open the drapes to get more light in the room and was face to face with someone coming down the outside stairs. SO we had to keep the drapes shut the entire trip. DO NOT LET THEM PUT YOU IN ROOM 243!! Now some nice things, the decor is precious and very well decorated (carpet is stained in most places though). Anyway, the Edgewater sent a survey after and I complained about the same things. The Marriott right down there on the water looked so clean, new and nice that would be my choice next trip. Seallte itself was perfect - great food, people, scenery!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Traveler_Dudes
<Content>Rustic yet Elegant Charm       The Hotel from the entrance off Alsakan Way  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>starb
<Content>great views We stayed here before a cruise in 2 rooms, 4 adults. Agesfrom 30's to 60's. Excellent location for cruiser's, you can walk right to pier 67. Lobby and rooms are more forest lodge decor while loungeand restaurant are very modern and interesting. Views from thelounge are great as you are right over the water. For those thatsuffer from mal de mar it could be a problem, but then it's agood precurser for your cruise.Rooms are small with fireplaces and some have city view whichare fine but not very scenic. Bathrooms are tiny but fully equipped and stylish.Nice amenities in bathrooms. Very clean, neat rooms. Service was friendly if not always accurate with information.It's a long uphill walk to restaurants and shopping. Seattle hasgood transportation system though.Be sure to visit the flight museum outside the city.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>TMS08
<Content>Head to the Edgewater I stayed at the Edgewater for 2 nights while attending a business meeting that was held at the hotel. This was actually by second stay at the hotel and while my first experience was not bad I beleive my most recent experience was better.The hotel is located on the waterfront in downtown Seattle and feels like (and is decorated) a lodge rather than a corporate hotel. It's walking distance to Pike Place Market and a few restaurants. Restaurant 67 is located in the hotel and there is also a bar which has a pretty extensive wine and drink list. Unfortunately, I did not have a view of the water from my room but I found the room to be quite enjoyable. The room was very clean; each room has a fireplace; the bed was very comfortable; and the bathroom has a beautiful stone shower. Guests can also find an umbrella in the closest which comes in handy given the frequency of rain in Seattle. The hotel offers wireless internet for a fee. The things that aren't so great include the business center and the gym. The equipment in the gym is a bit dated. Overall, I was pleased with my stay and would patronize this hotel in the future.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>karenj3
<Content>Nice Place! My husband and I spent 2 nights and 1 cold stormy day in Oct. 2007 at the Edgewater. We found the hotel's decor unique and impressive. We liked the in-room Starbucks coffee, the world's best showerhead, the wonderful pillows and comfortable beds, the waterfront lobby, and the free hourly shuttle service to downtown attractions.Our room faced the parking lot, not the water. A train goes by this side of the hotel several times a day (and night), but we found that the closed windows provided good soundproofing. However, if the windows are open to cool the room, the noise level would be very disturbing. Fortunately, we were aware of this problem and brought good earplugs. We understand that the waterview rooms can also be noisy due to cruise ship and barge traffic.We enjoyed our stay at the Edgewater and would return.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>onejumpjohnny
<Content>Historic yes, waterfront yes, expensive yes, sleepless.....yes       Six Seven buffet table  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	2	2	4	

<Author>tmlamberth
<Content>Theft at The Edgewater (literally) Don't get me wrong - the Edgewater Hotel in Seattle is nice. It is in a decent location for walking to attractions and there are some upscale features. It is built on the water, but bear in mind that, unless you have a view from that side of the hotel, you will have to walk down the street to actually see the water. The view from the lobby was nice, but there were very few places for people to sit and be looking directly out at the sound. There were two major problems with our stay...1. THE BIGGEST ISSUE - the room attendant or minibar attendant took two iPods from our room. The management did nothing to help and gave us the run around. For us, this was a major issue, We had traveled 2000 miles (in a car from Texas) to stay in Seattle and this put a big damper to our stay. 2. The hidden charges. Add it up - parking is $26/day and is mandatory valet, if you have a car. Tipping everyone from the bellman to the valet multiple times while you are there (if you get your car more than once). Paying for your room itself - even if you got a pretty good deal through Hotwire, like us. The rooms are nice, but they are not worth $300/night. On top of it all, we did not have a bathtub, just a shower. That was okay, but not what we would have expected. The room was small. The fireplace was nice, but we could not keep the room temperature regulated. It was either cold or hot - never moderate. If you are going to Seattle and have an endless budget, stay at this hotel. Keep plenty of cash on hand and make sure you don't take any valuables into your room, EVEN IF YOU LOCK THEM UP OR PUT THEM OUT OF SIGHT. If you do have something go missing, you will most likely hear, That has never happened at our hotel before. Don't expect the management to help you in any way. The only way I would stay at this hotel again is if I had very deep pockets and did not mind spending a lot of money with little return. On the other hand, if you would rather have a couple hundred extra dollars of spending money while you are visiting Seattle, I would recommend any of the other standard chain hotels downtown, that rent for half as much and have great locations. Go with those and don't waste your money on the Edgewater, if you are looking for a good value.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	4	1	1	

<Author>staynshape
<Content>Fabulous Hotel in Seattle Fantastic Hotel, but pricey. It's the only hotel on the water in Downtown Seattle and well worth the price. The restaurant view is spectacular- it cant be beat. Rooms were nice, but nothing spectacular. Staff was accomodating and friendly.Great location. Close to the infamous Pike Place Market.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>markmywordz
<Content>One renovation away from being a great hotel. This hotel has the best location of any hotel in Seattle. It is literally on a dock along the city's waterfront harbor. The views are simply spectacular.But you pay dearly for location. The decor is a little odd and the interior halls are badly in need of renovation. They have spent money to upgrade the rooms which are interesting, but they've not spent anything to upgrade the interior halls, etc.The hotel was built probably in the 50s or 60s and in some spots it looks like it.But the rooms are nice, albeit a little inconsistent. The waterfront balcony rooms have fireplaces and balconies where you can walk outside and enjoy the spectacular views.They are in a kind of rustic Northwoods look.The bathrooms are simply to die for. Nouveau chic style with marble counters, cut stone floors, big fluffy bathrobes, an interesting table top sink bowl, a walk in shower with thick doorless glass and the best showerhead I've ever used. The kind with a BIG oversized head that's practically like being under a waterfall. But the motifs of the bathroom and the room are in total contrast. The mix is not very appealing stylistically, but they are comfotable.The management doesn't get high marks from me because of the sign that says they want to save water so they will only change sheets every three days and towels only if you put them on the floor. But then the toilet and shower are not low flow and there's no sink drain stopper, so you have the leave the water running for ten minutes while getting ready. So much for water saving...it's clear they only want to save money not water.But they don't return the savings. While this is a very nice hotel in a great location, it is terribly overpriced. I was on a business trip that was prebooked, but when I saw the rate I about died. Waaaaay too expensive. If they would do an interior renovation to clean up the hallways and bring down rates, this would be a spectacular hotel.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	5	1	

<Author>SFJOSH
<Content>Wow!       The bathroom... what a shower!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>carristrvl
<Content>they sent us over edge to disapointment. I had recently lost my father so I wanted to book a special weekend for my mom and I to get away. I saw the Girls on the Edge package available at the Edgewater Hotel website. I even called the night before to confirm the package. Upon checking in we had to remind them of the package and they told us it would be sent up. After returning from Pikes Market, there was no package waiting for us. So we had to call again. The package consisted of magazines, manicure set, cocktails and a couple of movies and breakfast the following day. When they delivered the basket to our room, half was missing and an old subscription of magazines was delivered. Well we settled for going out to dinner and then return to our girls night in to relaxe with a couple of movies. When we tried to get transportation from the space needle restaurant, that we were told was available to guests to get around downtown, we were given the run around and told a taxi would be easier and not told the would pay for it. So we walked back and looked forward to relaxing to a good movie, but every single movie selection was sold out. I called down to the desk and the lame excuse I recieved was everyone must be in there room with the same idea, I said this was part of our package, she said she would take it off the bill. The next morning they slipped our bill under the door. The movie was not taken off and it was 250.00 more than I booked it online. I had to negotiate to get it down to 60.00 more than I had booked it for with a terrible disappointment at a very sad time in our lives. I do not reccomend this hotel unless you want to get ripped off!!!!!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>leelow13
<Content>Great experience!       here is the bathroom...  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>gogogogoSeattle
<Content>got to like cig smoke Our non smoking room had a strong cigarette smoke smell off and on our whole stay. It was terrible unless you like cigarettes.People with kids need to be very careful. The windows over looking the water open and do not have anything to stop a child from falling out.Not worth the cost of the room.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Samejesse
<Content>Nice looking hotel but not worth the expense and not for toddlers. We stayed at the Edgewater after moving from the Westin (during peak season). My husband had a business meeting in Seattle at the Edgewater and we went out there early with our 1 year-old for a weekend getaway. Since we did not want to pay the $450 a night price-tag the entire time we were there we stayed at the Westin ($250) until his meetings. The Edgewater was more of a walk to many sites than the Westin although it was right on the water. There was also a pot festival going on at a nearby park which brought many undesirables around the hotel so walking places was a pain (and we are generally pretty liberal about such things.) The Edgewater was nicely decorated, clean and remodeled with a very cool, modern bathroom and kind of a lodge feeling decor in the room. The rooms were just too small though compared to newer hotels. The beds were older and not very comfortable. My husband outweighs me by about 50 lbs and it was like sleeping on a hill being in bed with him. The worst thing though was the air conditioner/heater. It was so loud every time it kicked on that I woke up (about every 10-20 mins) and I am a heavy sleeper! It was horrible and it blew very strongly right on the bed. Another sign of the age of the hotel I assume. Also, the hotel makes the appearance of being family friendly, a teddy bear on the bed and a cute furry pig ottoman beneath the arm chair, but really the whole hotel is just not very toddler friendly. This only matters of course to those who have little ones. They dropped off a crib which we had to set-up ourselves and it had dirty sheets that were fit for a full-sized bed. There is an electric fireplace in the middle of the room which is nice but it is hot to the touch. The shower has no door so the kiddo can just crawl in and out and no tub. The bathroom has glass shelves for towels and such but they are under the sink - low to the floor. There is also a tray that the coffee maker sits on in the room- not sturdy. Just kind of a recipe for disaster around each corner. Overall I would not recommend this hotel. I know it is supposed to be the pretentious place to stay in Seattle, but it鈥檚 definitely no Ritz Carlton.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	3	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>SeattleFrances
<Content>what a surprise! I've lived in Seattle for some time and have always overlooked the Edge because it's been there forever and it's so old. But my boyfriend and I decided to have an in-city getaway one weekend and booked at the Edge because the weather was fabulous and we wanted to be by the water. I'm SO glad we did! The whole place is remodeled inside and very Northwest-ey and cool-looking. Our room had a private balcony with truly amazing--and super private--views of the water, the mountains--the works! We sat out on our deck during the day, drinking wine and waving at boaters and pretending we lived on waterfront property in Seattle (ha-ha). The other big surprise was the restaurant downstairs. The food was excellent, the service was 5-star and the views were fantastic. I want to go back and sit out on the deck for brunch or happy hour one of these days! It was an expensive weekend but cheaper than buying a waterfront house in this town (like that's ever going to happen!) We had such a romantic time.... Also, the service throughout this hotel was really, really great. No Seattle attitude in sight!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>finewineexpertskier
<Content>Beware of the barge I stayed at the Edgewater during my first stay in Seattle. At over $500/night I was expecting a water front room. Well, I got the water front, but there is a giant and very noisy barge that is currently oocuyiong the space in front of the water front rooms. If you book at this hotel, please call them first and ask whether or not the barge is there. They must be drudging or something... the noise was all day 7am to 6pm. I was able to negotiate 50% off my rate, which was great...but the whole experience was very strange. The restaurant is great...literally overhangs the waters edge with a great view of Tacoma.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Grey-Hat
<Content>Disappointed Stayed here in January 2007 and booked sea view room. Have to say overall I was disappointed given the price of the room. The room itself was large but dated. Overall it gave me the impression that it was need of a major refurbishment. The bathroom was particularly dated although functional. The door came off its hinges when first opened, it was repaired promptly. The room lighting was not fantastic and one of the lights in room broke but was not repaired just removed. The actual view from the room was OK although nothing to write home about. Window is just a relatively small sliding window but directly onto the sea. Artificial effect log fires in room with large plasma TV. I did hear that some of the rooms on other floors had been refurbished so if you are staying then ask for one of these rooms. A friend of mine stayed on the other side of the hotel facing the road and was awakened most nights by the freight trains blowing their horns. On the positive side I thought the bar and the restaurant were OK with good views and attentive staff. Would find somewhere else next time.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>ColeWake
<Content>Get a Harbor View Room!! I really enjoyed my stay at the Edgewater. Things are pricey but you do get what you pay for. I had an amazing harbor view room, they hang out over the water and the windows open. On afternoon I hand fed some seagulls!The staff was also great. Everyone I encountered, from front desk to maintaince, smiled and said hello. It was nice to see customer service taken so seriously! The only slight drawback is the location, there aren't many easy walks. The closet places to eat and shop are up a pretty steep hill. The good news is that the Edgewater has a shuttle that will drop you off anywhere downtown (and pick you up!).  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Texas George
<Content>A Must Do!!!! OVERVIEW: as with all of my reviews, I rate the property to similar area facilities not class of hotel in one area vs. same class in another area.Located on the waterfront adjacent to downtown it is an approximate 20-30 minute ride from the airport. Cab ride was $33.00. The structure consists of a single wooden 4-story building located on a pier. The d茅cor theme of the hotel is lodge or Adirondacks cabin. Single restaurant and bar. Small Gym and gift shop. Starbucks counter in lobby. Parking is outside, on the property and limited. Downtown is an easy walk (especially if you find the elevator) as DT is located on the hill above. Several restaurants and the famous Pike Street market within easy walking鈥?5 min or so. The Beetles stayed here and fished out one of the windows. Photos available. Do get a waterfront view room. Worth the extra.THE GOOD: Rooms are eclectic furnished in the Mountain lodge theme. Each room seems to be slightly different. Size matters here. On the street side they can be quite small. Some (read upgrade) have great soaking tubs. A sliding wall (ala Japanese style) opens and you can view panoramic view of mtns, bay etc from tub. Some rooms have gas fireplace. Large 42鈥?plasma t.v. Small desk two sitting chairs in upgraded room. Great contemporary bathroom with rock and some granite. Shower is glass and open sided. Bellman at door on arrival. Great bedding. Breakfast buffet in the restaurant. Mini Bar service, daily paper. Catering service and functions including food were outstanding. Wonderful view lobby. Band in bar. Hotel has free shuttle service into town. Small business center but adequate. This place exudes atmosphere. Food on premises was excellent.THE BAD: Would not recommend this hotel for handicapped. Facilities are small and could be difficult. Noise. There is no refuge. If you have a waterfront you are subject to anything from ship horns to waves hitting the aluminum docks. Restaurant/bar below some rooms could be a problem. On the street side many complained of parking lot and train noises. Occupant above kept me up with late night pacing on carpeted floor. Bring earplugs for good nights sleep. With the sliding wall some people may find their toilet privacy lacking as the wall is basically paper. Lighting in bathroom somewhat dim and short on shelf space. Outside bell service, even when given advance warning of large parties did not secure taxis. Could not decide if this was on purpose or not, as there was always a more expensive limo available parked in the lot. Attitude of the employees (except catering) seemed a bit aloof, especially reservations. That said service was always more then satisfactory except for the cabs and read below.THE UGLY: Bar Service. Downright unsatisfactory, and on the high end, price wise. BOTTOM LINE: This is a great venue, a definite must do. The hotel is campy, nearby most venues, has great rooms and charm and decent food. Wonderful venue for either personal or business events.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>AuroraCeleste
<Content>Great Way to Experience Seattle       view from our hotel room window  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>leahshabir
<Content>So-so Let me first start by saying that I will never use Priceline.com again. I had never used it before and thought.....what the heck, I'll try anything once! I put in a price of $150 and Hotel Edgewater came back as the hotel that accepted my bid. Well after the taxes and parking ($25) our total room cost was about $210.... The hotel has great views.... but thats it! The rooms are cute, but super small. So small our suitcase had no place to even rest. The balcony, which looked to the south over the ocean was old and looked unsafe. All balconys are connected so you dont have your own, just a little privacy half wall that seperates yours from your neighbors, which means you cant keep your balcony door open all night because it would not be safe.The check in went smooth and they were gracious and nice. Parking was outragous..... Overall, so-so. When I go to Seattle next time I would rather choose my hotel and know exactly what I am getting.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Gr8girlygirl
<Content>Nice cozy hotel..with great staff This hotel is very cozy feeling and is great if you want to be near the water or in the Pike's Market area (only a 10 minute walk). My room was suppose to be a city view room, but when I checked in they upgraded me to a water view room. It didn't have the tub that you see in the pictures, but it had a great rock and glass walk in shower. The beds seem to be very comfortable at least for me. The decoration of the hotel is a little kitchy (sp?), but cute. I felt like I was in a lodge or a place that should be in fhe forest. The fire place was a nice touch, I didn't use it because I was in Seattle on one of those off days in June when the weather was actually great and some what warm. The staff at the Edgewater were very helpful and accomodating. They were able to help me with many of my questions or issues that I had unrelated to the hotel. I bought fish at Pike's market and they were very quick to make sure it was well preserved until I was ready to check - out. I was easily able to connect to the wireless network that they have available through the hotel. The location of this hotel is great for anyone that may be taking the Clipper to Canada. The dock is right next door to the hotel and they will even help you with your luggage to the ferry. Very accomodating.I would stay in this hotel again and would recommend it to people who want to stay on or near the water in Seattle and near Pike's Market. If you go to Pike's Market and enjoy Cheese, there is a great place called Beechers... they have the best soups and Mac and Cheese ever!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>medmom2002
<Content>On the water, near Pike Market Great Hotel, wonderful location--on the peer, near shopping and art schools, great atmosphere. We loved their restaurant on the water.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CafeBohemia
<Content>Excellent Hotel: Amazing Views Stayed one night after booking on Priceline (2 adults, 2 kids). Boutique hotel is in a spectacular waterfront setting right on the pier. Staff were great. Views are breathtaking. Great lobby area takes in the water view and is very comfortable. The hunting lodge decor which some reviews take offense too seemed rather tasteful and appropriate to me (if you want bland, stay at a chain). Water side rooms get the views plus added amenities such as nicer bathrooms and flat panel tvs. City side rooms are almost as good but look backwards onto downtown. Major caveat on the city side rooms is the noise from the train tracks which are very close. Trains run all night. The hotel should invest in better soundproofing for the city side windows. Restaurant (67) also has the amazing view and has excellent food. $26 valet parking charge is a little steep but not out of line for downtown Seattle. A regular lot across the street from the hotel is cheaper. It is about a 15 minute walk to the main part of downtown.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Ecowoman
<Content>Over the top decorating! Girls weekend out, got a great deal on the room (through an auction) ...supposedly a city view which turned out to be a view of the parking lot and on street level (don't open the drapes!).Our room smelled quite musty, however, on the plus side, recently renovated bathrooms (very nice) and comfortable beds. The staff were nice, and the hotel was conveniently located near to many amenities (Market, restaurants, cruise terminal etc).The lounge served wonderful appetizers, and the view from the deck of the lounge/restaurant was very pleasant.Whomever decorated took the theme to the extreme....quite tacky (what's with the trees in the lobby? Metal articulated joint branches?) There are far nicer boutique hotels (with character) to stay at in Seattle, so I wouldn't stay here again, especially if I had to pay the full price they ask for a city view room ($259).  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	3	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>CanadianTravellers77
<Content>Did Not Like THis Hotel!! We booked on Priceline and I was quite shocked that they considered this hotel a 4-star. It just is not what we are used to!!The Good - 1. Nice crisp bed linens2. Nice views of the water from some rooms, and the lobby and restaurant3. the hotel shop had some nice things for saleThe Bad - 1. The decor is too kitschy for words. Birchbark print wallpaper. Bears on lampshades. Every stick of furniture made from raw logs or antlers.2. Weird musty smell 3. Valet parking is a total ripoff and unneccessary4. Charging for wireless internet5. Very pricey restaurant6. Lasting impression of the Manager at the front desk was of bra straps and weird panty lines - not professional-looking!7. Rough stone tile floor in bathroom - no way it could be kept clean - a haven for yucky stuff like maybe plantar wart viruses!7. Way too expensive for what it is - a motor hotel trying to pretend it's a first-rate hotelMight be a problem for some...Tiny roomsShower only in some roomstrain noise might be bothersomelocation amongst the tourist trap area, quite a walk to downtown shops  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	2	3	2	-1	1	

<Author>krmn
<Content>Great interior design. Pros:The nice reception area with comfortable furniture and an amazing view.The room design makes you want to stay there. Great bed with lots of pillows.The sitting area with the fireplace could not be more relaxing.Best toiletries ever and a very comfortable bathrobe.Rooms with bears are the best!Cons:City view rooms are pretty much parking lot view and those in the ground and the first floor have people passing next to your window all the time. This makes you feel you're in a cheap motel.Walls are very very thin and you can hear other rooms conversations, tv, and what not. I was not very thrilled wifi was not complementaryThe restaurant's menu could have more variety.  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yojroz
<Content>Worse hotel on our west coast vacation Spent two plus weeks traveling the west coast and staying in the besthotels, and was not disappointed in any of them until arriving at theEdgewater Hotel in Seattle. It's a wooden framed and floored hotel with paper thin walls and you can hear everything and everyone around, above, below and in between. Literally was kept awake all night with slamming doors, toilets flushing, phones ringing, people coughing, people walking in the room above, a metal pier outside the room with large metal drums banging against it with the waves, did not have enough hot water to half fill the claw footed tub, and to top it all off, at 6:00a.m. Sat. morning the wait staff began settingup a conference room directly across from our room for a morning breakfast. They banged the chairs, tables and dishes for an hour thenthe attendees arrived at 7:00 and proceeded to greet one another, talk on cell phones right outside our door. We complained, received a release from our reservation, and moved to another hotel. And imagine...all of this charm for a mere $500.00 per night plus $10.00 for internet connection and a whopping $26.50 for parking per night. What a deal! Wouldn't return to this hotel if given a freeby....and by the way...this is the first negative review or review of any kind I've ever written...that's how bad it was.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>HKO
<Content>Solidly good. I stayed here for one night on business and was never in the place during daylight, sadly. So I missed the view and did not mind my city-side room at all. The room was a little on the small side (and eentsy-teentsy sized TV) but perfectly adequate. Great mattress and linens. I loved the bathroom, with stone floors and shower. Great service at the front desk, arranging transportation to the airport at 4:30 a.m. However, i thought the price ($279) was a little pricey for what you got.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>stonestraveler
<Content>Upgraded us to a huge suite with a view of the Sound This was one of my favorite hotel stays ever. My mom and I booked a regular room and had no idea the hotel was on a pier. When we arrived, the front desk offered us a two room suite for free, right on the water. My mom and I had a great time and have pictures of us having breakfast on our deck - we had a friendly seagull hanging out too. We loved it!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LuckyGirl29
<Content>No hot water! We just returned from staying at the Edgewater. Overall its an adaquate property, but it was the little things that added up to a disappointing stay. The biggest little thing was having no hot water for the shower. However, after 30 minutes, the maintenance / repairman rectified the situation. Our room rate was also inaccurate at the time of check out. We had confirmed a package rate which included valet parking. Upon check out - our roorm rate was $100 more and their valet parking fee was also added on to our bill. Again, after some additional conversations with the front desk and their revalidation with management, the additional costs were removed.An interesting property with potential, but unfortunately it was not a flawless experience.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EChangWailuku
<Content>Will return to the Edgewater Our visit was excellent and we will return. Although the room accommodations was a tight fit for three people, it was very clean and our housekeeper was attentive to details. We found the front desk, restaurant staff, and bell desk to be friendly and informative. The water view from our guestroom was worth paying for. The food in the restaurant was pricey but the impeccable service made it all worth it! The bell staff graciously accommodated our request for the complimentary shuttle service to Pikes Market. We spent a total of 6 nights at the Edgewater and we have nothing to complain about. We also found the Edgewater to be within walking distance to downtown and a number of good restaurants. We also enjoyed the ambiance of their lobby. Thank you to the staff of the Edgewater for a wonderful visit. We will return someday!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>tigereye473482
<Content>Beautiful Place, BAD Customer Service Booked Family Suite so my husband and mother don鈥檛 to sleep in the same room. Beds were not in separate rooms they were 2ft from eachother. Total gimick to charge more money. No draws for clothes, 4 hangers in the closet, you live out of your suitcase. No tubs, only stand up showers. Room was clean. Front desk and restaurant staff seemed to be inconvenienced by any request. 98鈥?weather w/sun beating off the water, we had to eat on the balcony because no kids allowed in lounge. We were treated like loiterers not like paying customers. Front desk not sympathetic, didn't care about our satisfaction. Hidden fees $25/ngt valet parking, $15/ngt crib, etc.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	1	1	1	

<Author>Shaymur
<Content>Excellent view, very relaxing First off, book a full waterfront view room. It's no fun having a view of the parking lot with a city side view or only some of the water with a partial water view room. The hotel rooms have been redecorated/remodeled during the past year. Some rooms have very nice bathrooms with a shower, slate floors and claw foot bathtub. These are very nice. Open the sliding doors to the bathroom and view the water while taking a bath. The hotel is pet friendly which is great if your little friend is with you. Our dog loves it! The room has a fireplace and the entire setting is very romantic. The waterfront is wonderful to watch, there is continual ferry traffic, some merchant ship traffic and on some days, there may be multiple cruise ships. Sunsets can be gorgeous over the Olympic Mountains in the distance. If you do stay in a city side room, either eat in the hotel or have a drink in the lobby, there are very large windows with a view of the water. We've stayed at the Edgewate for 10 years and have always found the entire staff to be very helpful and friendly. The hotel charges to park your car in the lot in which is a bit of a rip off. The hotel is pricey but well worth it for a nice getaway.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Amelia73
<Content>Gorgeous view~ We had a room with a balcony on the water side. What a treat! Open some wine, bask in the sun, and watch the cruise ships come in. The air conditioner was loud all night, but other than that, it was amazing!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>skissel778
<Content>Loved it!!!       Needle at night from Edgewater parking lot.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dorkydad
<Content>Nice hotel if you don't book a cityside room       Natural gas fireplace  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>3	1	2	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>davsuze
<Content>A very nice place to stay This hotel is very unique in that it is built on a pier and you have a great view of the ocean on the waterside of the hotel. We stayed for 3 nights and were very happy with the hotel. The staff was very friendly and very helpful. We ate breakfast there 2 days and we order room service and the food was excellent, even though a little pricey. The room was decorated in a cute lodge motiff and it was comfortable. The bed and linens were excellent. The hotel has a shuttle that will take you anywhere in the dowtown area which was great. We parked our car and didn't move it for 3 days. There is alot to see and do in the downtown area and we either walked or took the shuttle. I would stay at this hotel again and I would reccommend it for anyone that wants to stay in the downtown Seatle area .  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>ilpostino
<Content>Fabulous Hotel       The Edgewater from the top of the Space Needle - the brown and white building to the right...  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The place to stay in Seattle Stayed at the Edgewater 2 nights. Excellent location, great room-get the ocean view room, well worth the extra cost-front desk staff okay but conceirge is fantastic. Hotel is walking distance to market, Space Needle, pier area. When it comes to dinner just ask the concierge-both nights they guided us to superior food!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Principal Traveler
<Content>Wonderful but.... My son's wedding was held at the Edgewater this past weekend- (July 7-9). My family stayed in cityside rooms for the weekend and we had a memorable time. So much about the Edgewater is postive but nonetheless there is room for improvement.First the positives- 1. The setting is magnificent! Whether in the lobby, the restaurant or in the banquet rooms, the Edgewater is all about the most magnificent water views in Seattle.2. The staff is very accommodating and personable. Whenever there was a concern, they were quick to rectify the situation.3. The SixSeven Restaurant had delicious food and spectacular views. Be prepared to pay top dollar and have a leisurely meal with attentive yet somewhat slow service.4. The rooms all have a rustic charm as does the entire hotel. The lodge feeling that permeates the hotel is both welcoming and luxurious at the same time.5. If you happen to be fortunate enough to host or have an affair in the banquet room(s), you will be so pleased by the decor, service, food and setting.Now, the negatives:1. Room 343 (our room) had quite a few problems. First of all, it smelled awful when we entered. After complaining to the front desk for more than an houir, a maintenance man came to the room, sprayed some deodorizer (which did help) and apologized for the smell. The manager on duty was extremely apologetic and offered us a credit on our bill which was appreciated.2. This room needs to be lived in by those who remodeled it to appreciate its challenges. Granted the bathroom was beautiful, re-done in flagstone tile, shower and modern sink.However, the closets are located in the bathroom with two heavy French doors at its entrance that bang and clang whenever you try to open them. Don't try entering the bathroom when someone is sleeping because that person will wake up immediately.3. Since the closets are in the bathroom, it is impossible to get your clothes if someone is using the bathroom. In additon, there isn't any mirror in the entire room except the sink mirror in the bathroom. Try getting dressed for a wedding with your wife and sharing an over-the-sink bathroom mirror!4. The lighting in the room is dim- since you face the city side, you do not want to open the curtains so lighting should be a priority in the room.5. The lounge prices are outrageous (even when compared to New York metropolitan prices!) And $17 for a mini-tray of six grapes, a couple of slices of watermelon/honeydew with 6 cheese wedges!6. Valet parking is charged by the day even though the lot is in front of the hotel, half empty and easily accessible for self-serve parking.In conclusion, the Edgewater is still an amazing experience. Since you are paying so much anyway for the room, opt for the scenic waterview rooms and chalk it up as a selfish extravagance. It just seems that for the prices that are charged at this hotel, there should be more attention to detail, value and comfort.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoy a meal there but stay some place else My husband and I recently stayed at the Edgewater to celebrate my 50th birthday. While I was impressed with the staff and the facilities the rooms leave alot to be desired. The renovation going on was very distracting. Specifically:We arrived early to check in our room because my husband was not feeling well. Our room was not ready yet so the desk staff generously gave us a coupon for two free drinks to be used in the beautiful bar while we waited.The dining area, bar and outdoor cafe area have a view of the water that can not be matched. The food was excellent. We enjoyed a delicious breakfast there.The hotel lobby has a large sitting area with floor to ceiling windows, a fireplace and library area where there are comfotable chairs and tables with games nearby. You could spend an afternoon there reading a book or watching the ferry boats go by with no problem.The hotel is renovating many of the rooms on the first floor. When we were there it meant noise and chilliness in some areas because doors were left open because of painting etc... This work should be made clear on the hotel website so a person is aware of it before making a reservation.We had a standard room that faced the city $239 a night. The room was so small there was barely space to walk around the bed on either side. As another reviewer pointed out - the city side rooms face the rail road tracks. The trains went by from 3:00-4:00 a.m. the noise is very intrusive. If you must stay at the Edgewater I would suggest spending the extra money at least ($75-150) for an upgraded water side room if you really want to stay there and have a special experience . An alternative I would recommend is book a night(s) at the Residence Inn on Lake Union and enjoy a meal at the Edgewater. The Residence Inn is 5 minutes away from the Edgewater, is also on the water/marina and by bidding on Priceline I was able to get a room for between ($90-100). Dukes Chowder House across the street from the Residence is a great place to enjoy a view of the lake and watch Sea Planes depart.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cnft
<Content>Favorite hotel ever We stayed here the second night of our honeymoon! It was fantastic and we both loved it!!Room was small but cozy with one of the best views I have ever seen!! Nice deck and fireplace and so relaxing and quiet. Wonderful gift shop downstairs and awesome lobby.We got a great deal through Hotels that included a waterfront view, parking and a full delicious breakfast which could either be room service or at the hotel restaurant on directly the water!!It is a great location, a nice walk to many attractions and restaurants. We walked to lunch at the Old Spaghetti Factory. The staff was a little snooty, but not rude. The concierge was great and recommended an awesome sushi restaurant for dinner. Sushi was very fresh, they had a tasty and creative martini menu, and a good, free, live 3-piece jazz band playing. We took the hotel's free shuttle there and took a very pleasant evening stroll back to the hotel after dinner.The next day we flew to Hawaii, but have often said we also could have spent our whole honeymoon at the Edgewater. Highly recommend!!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>toriluvr
<Content>What a place!!!!!               More photos  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mholbrook
<Content>Beautiful view -- but hated the train noise -- I was here for 5 nights on business -- I was first shown to a streetside room with a view of the parking lot... I asked to be moved to the water side and was told it would be an extra $50 per night in accordance with the arrangements made by the entity paying the bill... that was fine -- no prob.For the limited amount of time I spent in there, I loved the 3rd floor newly renovated king-bed room with a fireplace and the balcony looking out over the water -- I have to have some fresh air when I sleep and kept my patio door cracked open at night -- even being on the water side of the hotel, the train noise is very very loud... woke me up several times a night -- after about the 3rd night, I managed to sleep through it, I think from exhaustion...I did love having my morning coffee out on the balcony though... it was covered and protected the one day it was raining -- so I still got to have my coffee out there.The bathroom is nicely done. I'm 5'9 so I REALLY appreciated having shower-power and height of the shower head that was taller than me...The only other comments are -- come on -- give me a break... $9.95 a day for Internet access is ridiculous -- include it as an amenity... especially when you're booking business groups such as the one I was with. There is, however, a small business office on the 2nd floor and guests can check their email on the one computer there for free... And -- I went down to the bar one night to get a glass of wine thinking that might help me sleep. $10 for a 6oz glass of just-ok pinot noir -- yikes. I half-way expected to have them hand me the whole bottle at that price.The restaurant is very expensive -- maybe it hops on the weekends, but a few of us ate lunch in there one day, and we were the only ones-- I never saw more than just a very few people dining in there for either lunch or dinner.I did have dinner in the bar during happy hour my first night there; the happy hour menu was decent, the food was okay and the bill, with a glass of wine, was only about $22.00.Instead of dining in the hotel, I recommend you take a nice walk down to Ivars for dinner -- or to the Crab Pot (yummy food both places)...Service-wise -- everyone except the very first desk clerk I dealt with was terrific... When I first arrived for checkin, she seemed annoyed and sort of rushed me away... I thought it weird that she barely even made eye contact with me...All in all -- I'd probably stay here again if business arranged it and set it up -- but it wouldn't be my first choice, more than anything else because of the train noise.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>blueeyes1001
<Content>Almost perfect       Fireplace and cozy chairs  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Almost Perfect Having reviewed comments at tripadvisor, my girlfriend and I chose to stay at the Edgewater Hotel while in Seattle from December 16-18. The pros of our stay include: (1) personal shuttle service to any number of downtown/waterfront Seattle sites, (2) location - walking distance to Pike's Place Market, (3) friendly staff, (4) nice rooms, (5) comfy bed and fireplace (we had a City Deluxe room), and (6) delicious breakfast (included in our weekend package) along with free valet parking). My list of cons is relatively short, but significant to me: (1) there is no pork alternative on the breakfast menu - most thoughtful establishments have some type of turkey or beef protein and (2) there was a $9.95 daily charge for internet. Given the cost of the room, this should have been free. Every high-end establishment we stayed at for the remainder of our trip provided this service. Overall, the Edgewater was a great hotel to stay at, but I would think twice about staying again if I have to pay for internet service.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MileHighAko
<Content>My Favorite Seattle Hotel I've stayed here a dozen times. Very cozy with a fireplace in each room. Some rooms are small, ask for the mini-suite which is very roomy. I love the decor, and the atmosphere at this hotel. Only complaint is that they do not have any loyalty program so there are not any special perks for frequent stays.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>onewanderer
<Content>Best location My husband and I stayed here in a full water view room. The location couldn't have been better. The room is literally right over the water. It was so relaxing with the fireplace and chairs right next to the window. We had the Breakfast on the bay package which was definitely worth the price considering it includes parking and breakfast. Breakfast included whatever we wanted off the menu and didn't have to be one of the listed entrees. The staff is very friendly and helpful as well. Staying here was definitely a highlight of our trip!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mackenson
<Content>Great location, great service, comfy room My wife and I stayed a night at the Edgewater for a single night. We took advantage of a breakfast promotion that gave us a waterside room, breakfast, and free parking for $299The room was nicely furnished in a rustic style. Very small, but it had high ceilings which really helped. The small balcony provided us with a great view of the water, though I would have liked to be a little further out (the building is a long rectangle that sticks out into the water) so that we could have seen more of the water and less of the adjacent pier. Watching the traffic on the water was really interesting, with tug boats meeting up with cargo ships and constant ferry traffic.The room seemed very clean. The bathroom was excellent, with stone tiles and a very nice stone-lined shower with plenty of water pressure.Things were a bit noisy through the door from the hallway, but perhaps to be expected on a Saturday night. I didn't notice any noise from adjacent rooms.The desk staff and valets were very courteous and helpful. We were supplied with a voucher for breakfast, which we ate in the restaurant. We had a very sizable meal and ordered juices, and all of it (including the gratuity) was covered through the special deal. The waiter was very pleasant, and we felt obliged to go ahead and tip despite the voucher.All-in-all, I would definately consider returning to the Edgewater, but It is a bit overpriced at rack rates. However, most downtown Seattle hotels are overpriced, and the Edgewater certainly has one of the better locations.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>xamba2004
<Content>Very disappointing If you book a room at the Edgewater, make sure that you get a water view. I had a city view and I have to say it was not any better than an average youth hostel. Small room, decorated like an old scottish farm, not that cosy really. Just so that you know, the city view is facing a train line (and there are trains all night). Nice bar though, with great views over the water.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice scene, noisy rooms I loved the ocean, the scene, the seagulls, but because of the giant TV sets in the rooms and the thin walls between them you might get bothered as I was. I asked the personell to do something against my noisy neighbours it but could not experience any change.The kitchen is great and the lounge is cool.Not bad. May worth a try.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Average hotel for a high price Stayed 1 night had a city view if that's what you want to call it all we could see is the car park the bed was nice and comfortable the rooms are just a little high priced. Nice view from the lobby take out a loan if you want to eat in there restraunt.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>KbearC
<Content>Perfect Getaway and Location       Room 460  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SantaAna
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, Great Service I stayed at the Edgewater August 14 and 15, 2005, after coming back from a cruise to Alaska. I had booked the Silver Cloud, Lake Union, but they kept me waiting over an hour for my room (which was supposed to be ready at 3pm); and I got fed up and called The Edgewater. Once I arrived, they checked me into my room in under a minute. I had the waterfront room with HUGE bed, fireplace, claw foot tub, and a great shower with slate floor and glass enclosures. The room was gorgeous, the view perfect (you could literally jump out the window into the ocean if you had a mind to). It is not inexpensive, but I've found that usually, you get what you pay for. I used room service both days; pricey but very delicious food. Great service, everything A+, highly recommend.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>absolutly the worst I booked a room for my wife and I on a trip to Seattle at the Edgewater.We ended up having plane delays (Mechanical) from Juneau flt #75. I called the Edgewater to inform them of late arrival. We ended up arriving late on flt #66. We finally reached the Edgewater only to find the room was not what was reserved. The main issues were the heating system out, very cold night and the general condition of the room was run down. I asked the front desk to relocate us to another room. I was informed no rooms available so have to stay where we were. Early the next morning I asked to be moved and asked to see another room before accepting it. I was informed that another room was not available until after 4:00 p.m. The front desk wanted us to leave our bags with them. I was not comfortable accepting another room sight unseen and charges accrueing for another day. My wife and I agreed at this time to cancel our stayThe Edgewater refused to adjust our bill to my credit card until I contacted WWTE online for reimbursement. We received adjustment for charges thru WWTE. This was a four night business trip to Seattle.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bdsimpson
<Content>Small room, great hotel Stayed here prior to a cruise, and it was quite lovely. Unfortunately, we had a small city view room, but that was the only downside. The bathrooms were the highlight of the physical space in our room - very nicely redone' in recent months with showers lined with rock (or a good impression of rock!). Had dinner in the hotel restaurant, as well as brunch prior to getting on the ship. Very nice experience. The restaurant (Six Seven, I believe, is what it's called) is very modern in architecture, not a terribly adventuresome menu but well-prepared dinners. The brunch was fabulous, with a series of serving stations with everything from the traditional breakfast items to sushi and fresh oysters on the half-shell. Not an inexpensive restaurant, though - be prepared.Excellent service from an attentive hotel staff.Overall, a very nice experience, if only for one night.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>joanas
<Content>Picturesque Paradise! Well, first of all, I think it necessary at this hotel to go ahead and shell out the bucks and splurge on a waterfront room...The view IS the reason to stay at this hotel, and you will not be sorry..Beautiful! The room itself is wonderful with a fireplace that turns on and off with a push of a button! So cool! The bathroom is small but beautifully decorated, get one with a shower...Slate stone that is only closed halfway with glass...Very cool...Beds are very comfortable and overall, the room is decorated in what I would call lodge-chic. If you stay before June 30th, book a Breakfast on the Bay package. Breakfast every morning, anything on the menu..Speaking of which, restaurant is absolutely wonderful..Excellent food, once again, beautiful view...Staff is friendly and accessable..Location is excellent...Hotel has complimentary transportation that will take and pick you up from locations you visit downtown...When you are through sightseeing, you just call them...What a savings, cab-wise! This is THE place to stay in Seattle...  
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mikecra
<Content>Noisy Room The room was beautiful with a killer view, but we were right under one of the ballrooms with a wedding reception going on. My wife took me here for my 40th birthday and we were supposed to have a romantice evening away from the kids. What we got was a noisy (until 11:00) evening listening to muffled 70's music and people dancing. The manager wouldn't budge on giving us something to compensate us for the bad experience. They did offer to move us, but to a smaller room! I would never stay here again! If you do stay there on a Friday or Saturday night, ask to stay as far away from the ballroom as possible.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>1	3	5	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful view-disappointing service Stayed at the Edgewater for 15th anniversary. Paid a small fortune for a beautiful waterfront room. Unfortunately, the only water was what we could see in the bay - there was no water in our room. Apparently they were replacing the whole plumbing system while we were there, but no one told us that. Nothing was said when we reserved or even when we checked in! We went upstairs to shower and change for dinner and found out there was no water when we couldn't flush the toilet! When we inquired with the front desk manager she just said it should have been on already and just wait awhile. Sure enough, we got water within an hour. I got all excited and got ready for a shower. Turned the water on and got brown goop. Ran it for awhile and it cleared up, but no hot water. Inquired again and was told, it will be back on soon. After a couple of hours we tried again. Lukewarm. Called the front desk and they assured us it was hot. Finally we go the hotel engineer to come to our room. He turned the water on full blast and stood there for at least 10 minutes (with me in my pj's) before he would agree it wasn't hot. He had no explanation or promise to fix it. We thought about leaving the hotel, but by this time it was late. The manager had nothing to offer but free breakfast coupons! The next day we encountered a new manager that refunded the night, but nothing really makes up for a miserable stay. What was supposed to be a relaxing romantic night away from the kids was a stressful miserable stay.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great spot; super-friendly staff I would not normally stay at a hotel in this price range but found myself there for a conference (at the conference rate, which made it somewhat more affordable). What a pleasure!I don't know whether it's true that *everyone* in Seattle is friendly and helpful, but it was certainly true at this hotel. The staff was really nice without having a lot of attitude.Of course not everything was perfect-- one of the lights in the room was buzzing, and the blinds were worse for the wear. But the room had so much character-- a fireplace and even a teddy bear. It was much more inviting than your typical anonymous luxury hotel.We were not on the water side with the more expensive rooms-- we had what is either a city view or a parking lot view room depending on whether you're a glass-half-full or glass-half-empty type. I was concerned about possible noise, but at least up on the third floor, it was not a problem. The hotel has good-quality double-pane windows which muffle the sounds. Though the water-side rooms are stunning, we ended up being perfectly happy with our view of the Space Needle and the comings and goings.This hotel is not smack in the middle of downtown-- but on the other hand, it's quite convenient to tourist destinations such as the aquarium and Pike Place Market.You'll probably be happiest at this hotel if you can afford to eat in their restaurant sometimes, which I hear is delicious (conference attendees said that, and so does the local paper). Otherwise it's a couple blocks' trek for food.By the way, somebody wrote about incessant Beatles music on the sound system. I heard it a couple times but not incessantly, so maybe they learned from feedback.If I were in Seattle again I'd be seriously tempted to stretch my budget and stay at the Edgewater.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Pacific Northwest Treat From the moment we first saw The Edgewater until the second we had to leave, I was entranced with the place. To begin with, the indoor decor looked just as I had hoped: like a mountain lodge full of ambiance and crackling fires in the fireplaces. The room was a delight as well...from the balcony ON (not near, but ON) the water, the hand-carved wooden beam bed, the already lit fire in our own fireplace, to the Ralph Lauren plaid comforter complete with a welcoming Gund bear situated comfortably on the European pillows, and an umbrella by the door, I was thrilled. Then later, dinner...again, ON the water, at sunset...it was beautiful and a dream. I would highly recommend a visit, if but for a night, in order to experience the one hotel that I feel personifies the mountains and lodges of the Pacific Northwest. Its truly a MUST for a first-time visitor to Seattle!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sarleo
<Content>Unique, but exceptional! We loved our stay! My husband  I spent nine days in May at the Edgewater--we were amazed with our find. Sitting on a pier, we felt like we were on a ship. The lobby having all glass walls, with comfy chairs and a fireplace. The decor unique with a lodge like look. Our room was small, but romantic  cozy. Clean, nice fireplace with a bear stool, a balcony where we sat watching the ferries, ships, planes, trains and our own seagul that ate out of my hand. The shuttle was great, the Victoria Clipper next door, the whole waterfront. Again, different, we loved the restaurant for dinner and a small late snack. The only negative point was that the staff, although very kind and responsive, were not very good in providing directions or information about the area. Last time we stayed at the Alexis and loved that--but this will be our hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Now I've seen the worst... I've been to some of the best, stayed at some that were average, and now I've seen the worst. The difference is the service. We stayed at the Edgewater for 3 nights over labor day. The service was, without mentioning the price, abysmal. The attitude of the staff was that of a fraternity house, where the guests are NOT members. Guest services was unhelpful with the simplest of requests, and management was rude and snotty. Even the bell boys and valets treated the guests with disdain and outright disrespect. This overpriced hotel(we payed $200/night) needs new management terribly and I would not refer my worst enemy there. The new waterfront Marriot is right across the street, which is where we ended up- they know a thing or 2 about service and the edgewater should be taking notes. Don't waste your time here, Seattle is too beautiful a town to have your trip spoiled by a terrible hotel stay and that is what this glorified motel will do!!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>syrahgirl
<Content>"This Is As Good As It Gets!!" We stayed there for three nights. Ah, heaven on earth. We were booked under the Breakfast on the Bay package, had a full view room, fireplace and breakfast each am at Six Seven. This property is so gorgeous with the glass, rocks and wood. The Six Seven restaurant has beautiful views and there was no limits as to what we could order each am for breakfast. Our room was adorable, with teddy bears on the beds, and a furry bear footstool that sits in front of the fireplace.One morning while sipping my coffee in my white fluffy robe, with the fire roaring, with my feet snuggled on the furry footstool, gazing at the ferries passing by on Elliott Bay, I thought, this is as good as it get!Oh, I must mention that the hotel shuttled us to all major Seattle attractions and picked us up with ten minutes. They even orderd a complimentary limo to take us to Salty's for dinner. Pricey, yes, but worth every cent. We will return to this place again and again.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Two stays, one awful, one great The Edgewater is everything other reviewers have said -- it is wonderful, it is overpriced, it is cozy, it is spacious, it is noisy, it is convenient.We booked with them expressly because the Victoria Clipper is next door so we could stay at the Edgewater for the first part of our trip, they would hold part of our luggage while we took a multiday trip to the San Juans  Canada, then we could literally walk off the boat and down the block at 11 p.m. and collapse back into a hotel room. The staff couldn't have been nicer to us, but the entire experience is dependent on the room you get. Our first room did have a balcony which we couldn't use (the chairs were mildewy and one of our kids is highly allergic). We had requested two queen beds (2 adults, 2 kids on the reservation) and got a king only. We asked to be moved, but they were full. They said they'd bring up a double rollaway. The rollaway was only a single -- barely was large enough for one of the kids and there was NO WAY there would have been enough space in the room for a second rollaway, so one of our children had to sleep in the bed with us. Worst of all, though, was how noisy the room was. The heating/cooling system goes on for about 20 seconds, then shuts off for about a minute. Repeat ad infinitum. Quite loudly. The room faced the front of the hotel, and although traffic sounds weren't bad, there is a railroad track and a trolley track right in front of the hotel. The clanging of the trolley did cease in the late evening, but the squeal of train brakes never did. The walls are so thin that I heard every word of the cell phone conversation next door to me and thought they were talking in the hall outside my room.But the showers .... ah, the showers almost totally made up for it. Blissful. The bathroom was spacious, the entire space was impeccably clean, the lounge was gorgeous and had lots of games the kids could play, and the restaurant, though frightfully expensive, was quite delicious (although SO slow!!!).When we returned for our second stay, we had a bayview room, which was stunning, with two queens. Again, the rooms aren't too spacious, but they are more than adequate unless you need two rollaways (which, thankfully, we didn't this time around). The fireplaces are a nice touch, as are the bears they have for footrests. It is MUCH quieter on the bayside with the sole exception of being right next door to the Victoria Clipper -- if you are on street side, you are kept awake all night long, but on the bayside, you can sleep until 5:45 a.m., when the first of several Victoria Clippers leaves dock with a loud horn blast.We did not experience much convenience with the courtesy van. The trolley got us to a Mariners game with ease, but you are a fair distance (walking) from anything else, including Pikes Place Market, though our kids were able to handle it. There are a few places to eat within a few blocks walk, as well, so you aren't held hostage to their good but pricey restaurant.Would I stay here again? Truthfully, if I got a good deal and was taking the Victoria Clipper again, I might, otherwise, there are many other hotels in Seattle that offer a MUCH better value for the price and are not nearly so LOUD.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'm spoiled now... A client flew us out to Seattle and put us up at the Edgewater. WOW! Bring some sturdy walking shoes, because it is within walking distance of the Market and so on, but only if you like walking. I was wearing cheapo Keds knockoffs, and ended up with gigantic blisters on my heels.The staff was simply fabulous. When my husband went down to the front desk to ask for bandages for my poor feet, they gave him extra supplies and told us to keep what was left for the rest of our stay. They gave us directions to the mall to get backless shoes. When we checked out the next morning, the front desk clerk asked me how my feet were! This sort of personal service is what differentiates a classy hotel from a less-classy hotel.The food in the restaurant is expensive, but is WONDERFUL. The bartender chatted with me about local history, attractions, and Seattle culture in general. One of the bell hops and I struck up a conversation, and he was smiling and calling me by name for the rest of our stay. Everyone who worked at the hotel was just lovely.The courtesy van saved my poor feet for the rest of our stay. I programmed the hotel's number into my cell phone, and simply called them about 20 minutes before I was ready to be picked up, told them where I was, and they fetched me back to the hotel! What a luxury! I found all of the people of Seattle to be warm and friendly. I would go back in a heartbeat! I hope that if we return, we'll be able to stay in the Edgewater again.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>marissa2c
<Content>Overpriced and Underdelivered Don't bother staying here. As a preface, I will admit that I have stayed in many 5 star hotels and am quite used to superior service. However, this hotel is lacking in service and is definitely overpriced. I paid $200 for a non-view room. An ocean view room would have costed an addl $75. I selected this hotel b/c it was walking distance to our cruise departure pier. Next time I'll stay further away and take a taxi.The rooms are small to average - only Manhattan rooms are smaller. The walls are thin - you can hear conversations from other people as well as noise from the street and other people taking showers. The beds are uncomfortable - I woke up with quite a lower backache.They closed the restaurant at 930am on sunday morning with no advance notice. I couldn't preorder breakfast that I wanted the night before. Could only preorder off of their limited door hanger menu.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2004
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Staying there again next trip to Seattle   showReview(1926768, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>eddieharris
<Content>Overhyped   showReview(1776485, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Edgewater made our vacation!!!   showReview(1729209, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jornada
<Content>Honoring Reservations   showReview(1683312, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 29, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>timelvis
<Content>The Beatles stayed here!   showReview(1681796, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very unique   showReview(1672010, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not at all worth it, skip it!   showReview(1502674, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not your ordinary hotel!   showReview(1260028, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rip Off !!   showReview(1021626, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awful   showReview(855267, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Schwibu
<Content>Lange Wege, kleines Zimmer, v枚llig 眉berteuert   showReview(19566692, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娴枫伀绐併亶鍑恒仐銇熴儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19171628, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瑕冲厜銇究鍒┿仹銇椼仧锛?#x201d;   showReview(19165371, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Muss: Zimmer zum Wasser   showReview(11363271, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

