<Author>kitee80
<Content>Weekend Trip in San Fran After researching hotels and reading reviews, I was very nervous that I would not find something in my price range that was still nice. Luckily at the last minute, I found Galleria Park Hotel and was relieved. The hotel was great, true to pictures and everyone was nice. It was great to be in a boutique hotel and the place had a lot of nice little touches throughout. The staff are nice and helpful, the room was CLEAN (very important to me and we surveyed the room immediately upon arrival). The room is small but as I understand, they all are in San Fran. Even though small, they give you everything you need and it is very comfy and cozy. The bed was comfortable and the linens soft and warm (only thing - the pillows are down and therefore too thin with little support). The location is ideal as it is central to everything, it was perfect to be able to walk to everything.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>JCTeller
<Content>Great boutique hotel This is a great boutique hotel right near Market Street, Union Square, Chinatown, and Moscone Center! This was my first stay in San Francisco, and I needed to be close to the Moscone because I was presenting at Oracle OpenWorld this past September. The room was a bit small, but nicely appointed, cleaned daily, and kept spotless. The staff was extremely courteous, friendly, welcoming, and professional. Free Internet service was slightly spotty but overall solid. The nightly wine break in the lobby was a great way to meet fellow travellers and unwin(e)d at the end of the day. Once the new in-hotel restaurant goes in, this will be a world-class place to stay! I will stop back here the next time I'm visiting SFO to see what's new.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LisaLongIsland
<Content>A Beautiful Place With Reasonable City Rates Very nice place on the border of Union Sq and the Financial Districts. The price was reasonable for the city and incl. parking as booked by Expedia. Newly renovated. As an old building the room was small but very nicely appointed. Very easy access to all city attractions. Staff was attentive. Would stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LucianoSF
<Content>Cute hotel with extremely friendly staff! I got married in San Francisco in September and was looking for a nice, affordable hotel in a good location to host all my wedding guests. Without much effort, I quickly realized that the Galleria Park Hotel was the optimal choice for us. It's just a few blocks from Union Square, and nestled right near Chinatown and the Financial District. What I liked most was the fact that it didn't feel huge and impersonal. It very much has a boutique feel, and the staff quickly get to know and recognize you. We used this hotel as our wedding headquarters since we had 30+ rooms booked here and the location was so central. The hotel was great in accomodating us, even with things that we didn't plan in advance. For instance, we had planned to have 45 of our guests meet in the lobby one night before going out on the town. Right before, we decided to bring some alcohol to the lobby so our guests could have a few cocktails before departure. This little gathering actually ended up lasting 45 minutes and turned into a bigger party, and the hotel staff had no problem with it. In fact, they even quickly cleaned up any mess we made as we left. They were wonderful!I stayed in a suite, and while not huge, it was spacious and comfortable. The beds are quite nice. And the prices of the mini bar are the most reasonable I've seen. We did have some complications with the room types we had reserved being unavailable, and when we checked out, the hotel manager was extremely generous in making up to it for us. They certainly won our loyalty, and we will refer any of our out-of-town guests to this hotel in the future.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jac2028
<Content>Great Find I stayed here for two nights in April and I found it was a great experience.The hotel is in a cool location (well all of San Fran is cool) but it's really close to Union Square.... be warned though it is quite a hike to touristy things like Fishermans wharf, it is close to the trolley line though. On the outside it didn't seem like much but the inside of the hotel has recently been renovated to be very cool. My room was small but I barely notices because it had so much character and was very comfortable. I also found this hotel was very good value considering how expensive San Francisco is. They also offer a wine tasting hour at the hotel which was fun.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>CaptaintripsMitch
<Content>Excellent Experience at the Galleria! I stayed by myself at the Galleria for the OracleOpenWorld 2008 event back in September for 4 nights. I paid about $200/nite and it was well worth it. The bed was super-comfortable and the room was quite adequate. The bathroom was clean and well-kept. The fan/AC worked great. My only complaint was that the wireless Internet was a little slow and at times not available at all. The staff was friendly, courteous and helpful. The location was UNBEATABLE!!! I would definitely stay there again!!!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	2	

<Author>ChrisMike624
<Content>Hip Boutique Hotel in the Financial District My wife and I spend three nights here for a San Francisco vacation. We got a great rate, and were happy to try to place out. Upon arriving a very nice bellhop helped us with our bags and were warmly greeted by the front desk staff. Chris checked us in and we was very nice and seemed fit perfectly in this cool city boutique hotel.Obviously an old hotel, its renovations really made this place shine. The lobby was decorated very cool, with a very large cozy fireplace. The front desk staff was also very knowledgeable and gave us great advice on what to do and where to eat. We were pleased to learn there is a daily 5:30on happy hour with complimentary wine, this was awesome! Everyone came out of their rooms to congregate in the lobby, socialize and drink up the wine. They do the same with coffee in the morning.Our room had somewhat of an awkward layout, but it was relatively big, so we were happy. The bed was comfortable and we had a nice couch to lounge on, everything was nice and clean and we had two sinks. On the down side, we had absolutely no view from our room (just a building) which was a bummer. In the future I would try and grab a room with a view if they have any.All in all, the location was great, staff was friendly and the room was clean. It was a nice change of pace from the chain hotels and we would totally recommend this hotel to friends. Great price as well.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Jane28
<Content>Wonderful staff and a cute boutique hotel We requested to be transferred to this hotel at the last minute by Expedia after a terrible experience at the Hilton Union Square (they offered us a room with only a sofa bed and then refused to refund us). After a late night arrival and much stress at the Hilton, walking into the Galleria Park was like entering a little oasis.The staff at the Galleria Park are outstanding, very helpful and happy to give tips on transport, restaurants etc - even volunteering extra information without being asked. The hotel is very clean and well maintained with hip boutique style decor. Small rooms but this is hardly surprising for San Francisco.They also have a large outdoor terrace and jogging track, which was very nice in the morning to step outside and get some sun and fresh air before venturing into the city.They don't have a restaurant at the moment but it will be opening in January. All in all, the Galleria Park was a warm and welcoming experience and I will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>diamond6Phoenix_AZ_
<Content>Very Hip Hotel I stayed at the Galleria Park in September. It was a very nice experience. The staff at check in were quick, the room was very clean, had air conditioning and every day they have wine tasting in the early evening. I would highly recommend this hotel as it was quiet, clean and overall a good experience. It is very old but has been redone and I had no problems.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Lauralooe
<Content>Great Location, Strange Smell! The hotel has a great location close to Union Square.We were greeted by valet and found all staff to be very helpful.My only concern was that we were staying on the 4th floor and for the entire duration of our stay experienced a disgusting smell of sick everytime we stepped out of the lift on to the corridor. This was only a problem for a small part of the corridor but as we had to walk through it to get to our room - was not too pleasant!I would recommend this hotel, so long as you don't stay on the 4th floor! (I would like to think the smell has gone by now but was as strong on our 4th day as it was on our 1st so not too sure!)  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Jeremy_S_1973
<Content>Great Value  The Galleria Park was a favoritve of my father's when he travelled to San Francisco on business and now is one of mine too. I think it has slipped a bit since Kimpton sold it off, but it is still great for all the right reasons.It is very reasonably priced for San Francisco and the rooms I get are always large and well appointed. It is an older hotel and has some of the bumps and grinds of older, botique hotels, but that is also an other reason I like it. It reminds me of Europe and it has character. I get enough perfect rooms at Residence Inns  Hilton Suites in place like Omaha, Fresno  El Paso, a little imperfection is ok.And the location is very convenient to shopping, business, BART  Muni. If you are looking for perfect, try the Mardarin. If you are looking for charm and value, that's this place.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>littlemissevent
<Content>Bad service, decent location and room, When I arrived at the Galleria Park Hotel, I was greeted courteously by the valet. Too bad the politeness stopped there. The front desk manager had a chip on his shoulder and it was obvious from the time he mouthed his first words. There was no welcome to our hotel or thank you for choosing to stay with us - I was greeted with an extremely flip name on the reservation? When I told him I had printed out my reservation and would get it for him, he demanded Just your name before I could even finish my sentence. When I asked about a room upgrade (since my booking contact enthusiastically informed me that, if possible, she will make a note to give us a suite upgrade), he quickly said in his stern tone of voice, no, we're booked. A simple I'm sorry, we are booked, but I do hope you enjoy your stay with us would've been great. But no- that was it!! No please let us know if you need anything or thank you for choosing the Galleria Park Hotel. My guests and I had to lug our own bags to our room - there was no offer to have them sent up. The eye contact ceased as soon as he gave us our room keys. We were on our own!! Now, I realize I can request the bell service but I chose the less painful route of bringing my own bags up rather than talking to the front desk manager for any longer than I needed to. The room (2 queens) was decent - the decor was nice and there was quite a bit of charm. The windows were DISGUSTING. I could barely see out of them because they had smut all over and hadn't been cleaned for ages. The room was small but inviting. The bathroom was very small but served its purpose. The bed was comfortable, but the walls were so thin that you could hear every click, clatter and clang. Voices carried throughout the halls and plumbing was poorly insulated. I heard just about every shower that went off.The only thing terribly good about this hotel is its location. I believe there are better options in the city - where I'll get more respectful service (even if I have to pay more) and a better night's rest. Hence, I will not be returning to the Galleria Park Hotel.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	2	1	1	2	

<Author>charliep
<Content>Great Boutique Hotel - very charming and clean We stayed at the GPH over Labor Day weekend (three nights)for a wedding in San Francisco and really enjoyed the hotel, staff and location.The hotel is completely refurbished to modern standards: new bathrooms (showers, sink, toilets) and the rooms are awesome. The lighting is beautiful, the sofas and beds very comfortable and swank. For San Francisco, it's a great value.The staff was as great as the rooms and the location. Every time we came down from our rooms or back from a day of sightseeing, the front desk and bell hops always had a friendly smile and asked us how's everything going. When we wanted directions, or extra pillows ... or anything, they jumped on it right away and gave us what we needed - with a smile on their face the entire time. The service was outstanding.Finally, the location. Awesome - right in the heart of the City and just a few blocks away from Union Square and all the shops. We had tickets to the Frida Kahlo exhinit at the SF MOMA ... a ten minute walk. Walk to North Beach - with it's great Italian feel and restaurants - ten minute walk. Chinatown - and we loving walking the streets - ten minutes away - quicker if you catch the bus which is very easy. Getting out to the Mission or Castro District to get a real flavor of the city and its neighborhoods ... a three minute walk to the Muni/Bart station and a quick ten minute, straight shot out of downtown and into some cool areas. I needed socks - there's a Lohman's right across the street. And coming home late one night I wanted a snack - there's a 7-11 around the corner.Great spot, great hotel, friendly and service oriented staff, beautifully appointed rooms ... defintately check out the Galleria Park before booking somewhere else.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>abehnam
<Content>Excellent Location I just spent three nights at the Galleria Park attending a conference at the Ritz. During those three days I did not have to take a cab one.Galleria Park is centrally located. It is only a block away from the Montgomery BART station, which you can take to and from both SFO and OAK airports. I was able to walk to the conference every day and the hotel is within a block distance to restaurants ans shops. The rooms are newly remodeled, with brand new furnishings and the staff and service was just terrific.If you're looking for all the amenities at a great price, Galleria Park is a great choice.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>redryderent
<Content>solid as a rock I like clean, efficient, useful, no critters, yes to Dwell Magazine vibe, and I like to find such lodgings for cheap on Priceline. This hotel fulfilled all of the above, for $95 per night. Location is decent (Market Street area is sometimes dicey, but there IS a Ted Baker store two blocks away!), and the gym needs some improvement, but the basics are all here. It's rare that I find myself in a hotel room most of a day working, and it was a pleasure to do so here.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>squisherbear
<Content>Great Location! We just got back from a business conference in San Francisco and stayed at the Galleria Park Hotel. The hotel was conveniently located to the conference site on Bush Street, and within walking distance to Union Square and the Embarcadaro. The hotel staff was very friendly and courteous. The only problem we had was at check in. We reserved a king bed and got twin doubles and since they were full there wasn't anything they could do. They did offer to move us the following day, but we didn't feel that was necessary. The hotel rooms are nice; the building is older so you have to take that into consideration. The AC was noisy, but we made do. We heard occasionaly street traffic, when an emergency vehicle would go by, but nothing that wasn't tolerable. We requested a late check out since the last day of the conference ran until 5 pm and check out was in the morning. They accomodated us the best they could and held the room until 3 pm. Overall we enjoyed our stay and would stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	3	5	2	

<Author>londonohiolondonohio
<Content>Perfect for our honeymoon Anyone not charmed by this hotel and its staff are nuts or have outrageous expectations. We stayed for a week and were never once dissatisfied with our choice of venue to spend our first week together as husband and wife.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>wish8
<Content>a very pleasant stay I stayed at the Galleria Park for 6 nights when I was in San Francisco for a convention at the Moscone Center. The hotel was minutes away from the convention center so It was very convenient. The room was very clean and tastefully decorated, the bed was super comfortable and the service excellent. It was one of the best hotel experiences I have had in a long time. The free wi-fi was a HUGE plus and made it easy for me to catch up on work and/or check email with my laptop. This hotel is perfect for business travellers although I would go back and stay there even If i was in SF for pleasure. I actually felt like I had a better experience here than when I stayed at the nearby Westin San Francisco Market Street for another business trip. My only complaint is that my window faced a shaft and I had no cell phone service in the room - however, that could just be my cell phone provider. Overall, I had a very pleasant stay at the Galleria Park and I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>phillyrx
<Content>Stay only if you have to...       horrible bathroom  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>MDJB
<Content>Met expectations San Fran was our first stop for our U.S. holiday so we were looking forward to catching up on some much needed sleep after our flight. The room itself was comfortable and met all our needs. The hotel is close to public transport, tourist attractions, food and coffee! They put on coffee in the morning and wine in the afternoon for happy hour. The front desk were rude and not very friendly (but we expected that to an extent given the reviews on tripadvisor) and even the issue of not getting our deposit back (we are still waiting after nearly 2 weeks after our stay) wasn't a suprise given that some people wrote this up. However, the hotel has been quick to correspond to our emails (both ours and our bank) so we can't fault them on that. The porters were friendly and great for a chat. Overall, it met our expectations.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	3	4	

<Author>GuidoNM
<Content>A Pleasant surprise A Pleasant surprise ---the Galleria Park HotelDate : July 23, 2008Reviewer: Las Cruces, NMMy wife and I have just returned from the Galleria Park Hotel and had a pleasant surprise. A great hotel with a fantastic staff situated in almost a perfect location.Mind you this is a simple euro style hotel with basic amenities. If you do not mind walking it is ... Four blocks from Chinatown Five from Market Square, 15 from the Ferry Building. The wine hour from 17:30 -18:30 was nice and the staff offered great sightseeing ideas and helpful hints for dining , coffee and nightlife. Truly a great stay ! No breakfast but great coffee ! If you are interested in SEEING San Francisco ... I would recommend not taking a car into SF as most hotels charge $35 - $50.00 a night for parking. Lorrie Taxi will pick you up at the airport and take you to you hotel. Also the MUNI  pass for $11 a day or $18.00 for 3 day will get you around SF via bus/ cable car / trolley and train.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>mrdduck
<Content>Very comfortable stay       Safe, refrigerator, Etc.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>ttberry
<Content>just ok This hotel has been renovated and has nice comfortable beds, but the bathroom had large amounts of paint chipping off the walls, the tub had large chips in the bottom, and the toilet seemed to be loose from the wall.To make matters worse, we had really noisy neighbors talking and partying all night. After calling the front desk three times to complain, still nothing was done and the neighbors in the room next door kept us awake until 5:30 in the morning. After waking in the morning and after only 3 hours of sleep we told the morning shift staff of the problem. All they did was tell the manager but we never had the manager actually talk to us or offer any sort of apologies or discounts on a room we didn't get any sleep in. I will never stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>bradbel
<Content>Trusty and reliable I semi-frequently stay at the Galleria Park for business. It's VERY affordable (for San Francisco) clean, the staff is professional and it always treats me right. Yes, the rooms are a little small but most people don't spend much time in their room when in San Francisco. The other aspect about this hotel I like is that it is within a 5 minute walk to both MUNI and BART lines. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>misspockets123
<Content>Great hotel with a great location! We stayed at this hotel for a 4th of July getaway and loved it! The location was critical - close to the Montgomery BART station, close to Union Square, and easily accessible by Muni. The rooms were very well maintained and we felt comfortably at home. For the price, there are probably very few hotels of this caliber in SF.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ourfrank
<Content>Spoiled Again at the Galleria       Park Suite Bedroom  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sucheslife
<Content>A very nice small hotel Galleria Park is an older hotel located in the financial district. It is within walking distance of Union Square and the Moscone Center and is next door to the Galleria mall. The staff was very helpful and knowledgeable of the area. From the maid service, to the front desk everyone was pleasant, spoke fluent English and was able to help us with the various business and personal needs that arose during our business trip.We stayed in a jr. suite for 5 days. The room was spacious and included 2 closets, desk, small couch and king bed was comfortable and well furnished. It included free wireless service.This is a small property and the hotel works hard to make you feel comfortable. The lobby is small and includes seating around a gas fireplace. They offer a wine serving in the early evenings in the lobby. Although the hotel does not have a restaurant, they offer room service through a local restaurant. The hotel is surrounded by various small restaurants that makes dinng easy and enjoyable.This is not a large hotel. You will not encounter a lobby bar or the hustle and bustle of the large hotels in downtown SF. Mine was a completely enjoyable experience.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>txbsn2011
<Content>Very Impressed I had apprehensions about staying at this hotel based on some reviews and lack of pictures for the junior suite, however I am glad I did. The hotel is located within walking distance of everything. From Union Square to Chinatown to the Moscone Center to shopping, it is a diamond in a sea of ordinary.If you are looking for the run of the mill hotel, this is not the one for you. It is eclectic but tastefully designed and gives you the feeling of home...at least our home. My husband and I were lucky enough to stay in a junior suite which was offered to us because we found a lower rate after we had booked directly with them. (you must do so within 24 hours or reservation) The room was what a normal sized room may be elsewhere and the other rooms we saw were small but if you are going to visit, and not spend all your time in the room then they are perfect size. Room service was actually cheaper than visiting the restaurant they get it from across the street and unless you order by nine, there are very little options around for food. The only complaint I had was the air conditioner. It didn't feel like it was putting out much for a room that size and we had to open a window in addition but come to find out on the last day the heater in the other window was on simultaneously with not way to turn it off. Once the window was open it cooled off, but if you run into that problem be sure to get earplugs if you are a light sleeper. The bed was a little soft for us but we are used to sleeping on a Tempurpedic.We did not partake of the wine service but thought it was nice seeing people mingle and enjoy each others company. I must say housekeeping was outstanding as well as the concierge. The complementary WiFi was alright but we are used to higher speed internet. The bathroom was small for a junior suite but not complaints about hot water or being dirty at all. Overall I am glad I did not change my reservation, because we saved a lot of money with their price match and got more service and comfort than if we had paid three times what the original room rate had been. Do yourself a favor and stay here, not only will you leave your heart in San Francisco, but also at the Galleria Park Hotel.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>AmrapDallas
<Content>Good Hotel for Business or Tourist Was in San Francisco for business and stayed this hotel several nights. Good location - between the Financial District and shopping area surrounding Union Square. 2 blocks from Market St where BART and MUNI transport is accessible. About 3 blocks from Union Square - a quick walk. Staff was very pleasant and helpfull. Rooms were remodeled nicely. Several places to get food nearby - Crocker Galleria shopping area is next door. Overall a great value.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>travelgirlinMD
<Content>Fabulous Service for our Wedding My husband and I chose to get married at City Hall in San Franciso. I found a great deal for the Galleria Park Hotel through TravelZoo and booked a room for my now husband and I and a room for my parents. The location was convenient. The rooms were clean. The service was great. The staff went above and beyond to make our wedding experience and entire weekend truly memorable. We came for the great price and location and will return for the friendly service!  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>undergrounds
<Content>Great location; conservative Mgt This hotel is in a great location and at a decent price,especially if you have a discout ability i.e. a government rate, AAA, etc. The rooms are small but well furnished. The service can be however, spotty. When I went back to pick up my luggage there was no bell captain to be found and I had to have the desk clerk redeem my bag. Further, their computer would allow me no access to a site that I use which is judged as 'adult 'and therfor inaccessible. My alternative would've been to take a cab elsewhere to a more tolerant Internet cafe...at my own expense, of course.Some guests get the local paper dropped off in front of their room, others...do not. This overall lack of tolerance and shaky service does not cut it in a city like San Francisco. Let's hope that they go out of business!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	3	1	1	

<Author>M1106
<Content>Perfect in so many ways. The Galleria was in a wonderful location, really close to shopping, museums, walking distance to the Pier, and right near a BART station. The bus stops were also very accessible.The hotel itself was very clean, room included, the staff were very helpful. The wine hour and the terrance are a very nice welcoming touch. The rooms are well sized, all you really need, especially for a single or a couple. The decor is really updated and swanky.The area can be a bit start on the weekends, it is near the financial center and many offices, but only a few blocks and you are in the middle of Union Square.Not much I can say bad about the place. If you can get a deal to stay here it is well worth it and I highly recommend it. It was very comfortable with great access to all the sights.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Cyclone05
<Content>Perfect location, nice rooms, pleasant stay We stayed at the Galleria Park hotel during the San Francisco portion of our honeymoon, and really enjoyed it. First, the location is absolutely perfect. From the hotel, Union Square is a short walk away, the Chinatown gate is within a block or two, and all of the MUNI lines are available at Market street a block or two in the other direction. It made an excellent base of operations for our many trips exploring the city.The room itself was a bit on the small side, but more than sufficient for the two of us. The decor and ambiance throughout were modern and classy. One slight downside is that our room was on the inside, so the window looked out to an open area with hotel on all four sides. I'd call it a courtyard, but it wasn't pretty, and I think it just held things like air conditioners and the like.On the other hand, if you do want to get outside without going far, the hotel has a nifty rooftop park with plants and a walking/running track. That was pretty nice to get some fresh air. There's also a complimentary wine hour, which we attended once, and didn't return since the wine was so awful. I can't really complain about free wine, but I certainly wouldn't plan my schedule around it.Overall, the Galleria Park was a very nice hotel and we had a pleasant stay there. It was pretty expensive, but that may just be SF in general, rather than this hotel specifically. Also, there's a pretty hefty charge for the valet parking, but the valets were very friendly and helpful. Besides that, no complaints, and it really is in the perfect location.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>NFA
<Content>Fabulous Stay right next to Chinatown I booked this hotel room for $99/night on hotwire.com. This is a boutique hotel, the company owns many other hotels through out the city. I stayed in room 822. My room was small yet clean, facing the courtyard (I requested this so that I was away from the street noise). It had all the basics I needed including air conditioning, hair dryer, TV, desk, chair, wireless, and internet cable. It was incredibly comfortable and quiet. I basically only came back to the hotel at night and it was a wonderful place to rest after busy/crazy days. Other great things about the hotel include a personable, helpful staff, a great 3rd floor rooftop garden with benches to sip your morning coffee (it was closed at night). Accessibility to the city was so easy. The hotel is a 10 min walk from Union Square, right around the corner from china town, close to market where you can catch BART, muni, and many bus lines. Another plus-after coming back from bars at night, it was easy to find busy streets to walk back to the hotel instead of creepy, lonely streets. I will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CypressPod
<Content>Consider the Galleria Park -- read on. My wife and I are both professionals. We are young (4134) with no kids yet and like to travel well. Galleria Park was chosen after researching the onlines (ExOrbHot.com, etc.) and was booked directly through the property's website. Hope this helps you.As this was our first vacation to SanFran and Napa Valley, we felt best being stationed in the Union Square area. Galleria Park (GP) was chosen because of its boutique style - which is to say that it wasn't just another chain hotel but something nice enough and unique to the city we were visiting. We took the BART in from SFO (easy and safe if you don't have more than one bag or so each) and walked to the hotel no problem. GP is in a safe area entirely - that issue should now be completely settled for all of you. Checkin was prompt and efficient. We actually arrived at noon and fully anticipated our room would not be ready yet and intinded to just check our bags till later. It was at this point that a very important factor of a good stay began. The attendant Jacob (?) was most accomodating in every way with an unusual ability to do so without making me feel crowded or rushed or uncomfortable that he's just bucking for a tip. It's a little difficult to explain, but in hindsight I believe it's because their customer service for us kept being incredibly helpful throughout our stay. And that's a thing about GP that needs your consideration.We were informed at noon that our room was not yet ready but that we had been upgraded to a larger room. Why? I don't know, but wonder personally if it is because I kept my reservation during a time when the online's (for a period of about one week) dramatically cut the rates per night by $50-75. We noticed this for other hotels we were considering too. With the jitters in the economy for some, I wonder if the hotels needed to fill up. It didn't seem crowded in SanFran/Napa at all. (March 29-April 4) Our room was very much like the website shows. See my pictures for our room (715). The room is clean and daily maid service did well. The bathroom is small with no counter space at all. The shower pressure was awesome and the temp good. Why don't hotels install fans in the bathrooms? Linen is good. Floors are good. The hotel is old, but it's been redone. It is fine. Our king bed was good, but not great. The pillows were the same. It really was fine, but not exceptional. This is where it differs from Campton Place or The Ritz. It's a hotel room that has been as well done over as could be in an old facility. We don't camp out in the room when we are on vacation, so really, don't you just need a good room in a nice place that is above average? GP is a good choice for that. We did feel comfortable and safe here. The staff does make a difference when you're away from home in unfamiliar territory. Studying and planning make the difference. Chinatown is close, the cable cars are close, cabs are available without much ado, etc., etc. I'll be writing an overall review of our visit in SanFran. I will say that Mr. Toad's tours are THE one you want. They dropped us off right at the GP saving us another ride from the wharf. The bottom line is this: If you can get a good deal, it is a good deal. I would stay here again if I could be sure to get this larger type room. Reading other recent reviews makes me believe that the hotel's smaller rooms would have compromised my impression quite a bit as we have been in such smaller type of rooms at other hotels in the past and they are not good. No, no, no. We require a certain level of luxury when we travel and our room at the GP met that level no problem.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jasminebubblez
<Content>Not what we expected Our stay here was the 2nd night of our 4 days Northern Cali trip. We found this boutique hotel through travelzoo, which we thought the deal was great, although the valet parking was a little pricier than what we normally would pay, but thought to give it a shot. Well, lets just say the stay was not completely everything my boyfriend  I had expected.Aside from the pricy parking fee, the room was small and stuffy. Our first reaction when we open the door was uh...ok. There was not much space in the room, where the bed took up most of it. There was not even much room just to put one small luggage while it's in use. One inconvennience was the sink area, which was facing the bed and away from the bathroom. It was hard to get things done in one place. Another thing that bothered me was the noisy sounds outside the hotel during the night since the hotel was right by the street in the financial district. It was very hard to sleep at night, even when the window was not open. Also another feature that I was not happy with was that the conference rooms and the hotel rooms are on the same floor, which it was hard to get the quietness one would like to have. In the early morning, all you hear is opening and slamming of the doors, and people using the conference room talking. I feel that they should have separate floor just for the conference rooms like other hotels does. It was very distracting.Other than what I noted above, it was a clean, friendly hotel with wireless internet access. And for the ladies who like to shoe shop, there's 2 shoe stores right below the hotel. The hotel is also located close to transportation, so that makes visiting SF easy.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>OregonMarkM
<Content>Staff nice, rooms adequate, horrible beds I got this hotel on Priceline for $76 plus taxes for one night, checking in late Saturday night leaving on Easter Sunday.I'm surprised at many of the positive reviews. I found the room adequate, but the A/C was noisy, room was stuffy, and bed was extremely uncomfortable. Even with one person, moving around the bed at all made it feel like being on a waterbed. With two people it was very uncomfortable. The bed seems to be a basic mattress on a cheap, simple platform. My bed had the tendency to move around and rock side to side at the slightest movement. I hope it was just mine that had a problem because I can't imagine anyone being comfortable. Early in the morning I moved to the couch which wasn't much better, but at least it didn't move and make me seasick!This hotel seems to be a converted single room occupancy hotel. Rooms look like they could have been studio apartments at one point or SRO's.As you walk in you have a small sink/wet bar, a closet to your right and a desk in front of you. On the desk they leave some basic office supplies, sticky notes, paperclips etc. They also offer pads of paper for sale. The room had about a full size couch.which was good because I needed it. It was more comfortable than sleeping on the bed. The room also has a large pot for heating water, a 27 TV with satellite dish reception, the normal pay per view movies, etc. The hotel also provides drinking and water glasses and coffee cups. The hotel offers free Wifi which I had no trouble connecting to.One note for people with children, there are potential safety issues with the bathroom window. It opens easily, and there is nothing to limit how wide it opens. The handle is close to the floor, and it would be very easy for a child to climb up and open the window. I'm a bit afraid of heights, and when I opened the window to see if we had a view (we didn't), I was surprised how easy it would have been for a child to fall out. I hope this hotel does something to make their windows more child friendly. The room itself is alright but unless they do something about the beds, I wouldn't stay here again. This hotel advertises itself as a boutique hotel which usually equates to 3 1/2 star level accomodation and service. wish I had booked myself into a cheaper 3 star hotel or even 2 star, because I would have been more comfortable. I've stayed at Motel 6 hotels that were more comfortable than this.In summary, the room is very nice, but if your bed rocks back and forth all night and you don't get any sleep, the nicest amenities won't make up for it.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>conner997
<Content>Good Hotel This hotel is pretty much just as pictured, very clean. Bathrooms are decent size for SF. Felt very comfortable, very safe. Close to public transportation in business district. Restaurant on first floor is not really very good at all, very overpriced. Would stay again :o)  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>146jj
<Content>Great 'boutique' hotel I wanted a very clean hotel, close to the Moscone Convention Center, and reasonalbly priced. The Gallaria Park exceded my expectations. The bed was very comfortable. The decor was pleasing through out the hotel. The staff was pleasant. Each evening was 1 hour complemenatary wine. I was thrilled to walk next door to an coffee/deli shop for my morning breakfast. Then I walked a pleasant 7 blocks to the Moscone Center. I felt very safe in the area. I was in a king room which was a small room, and the work out room was small but functional. I wouldn't try cramming several people in the rooms or you would be disappointed. I love this hotel for some reason and would definetly return.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tim11408
<Content>Hotel is great - restaurant STINKS Stayed at the Galleria Park for a conference in town. Stayed for one week. The hotel was fine, considering the price per night and the competition around the area. The are is safe and provides convenient access to everything. The hotel is staff is courteous, friendly and accommodating. The rooms are relatively big (for the price and the area, considering it's not a big hotel chain). My biggest complaint was the restaurant attached to the hotel - some place called Parkers. There are two versions of Parker's - one by Union Square, which is also the original and continues to get rave reviews - the other is attached to this hotel and is just about one of the worst mid-priced restaurants in the area. I ordered the pork chops and added a house salad. The salad was delivered without dressing (do I really need to remind the wait staff that the salad didn't have dressing). Then the pork chop tasted like a piece of rubber with gravy - an absolute waste of money. Couple that with the inattentive staff, this place just took my hotel rating from a 5 to something else.Enjoy your stay at the Galleria Park, but avoid Parker's like it's infected with a disease.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	1	

<Author>Michigan72
<Content>Good location for walking  My husband and I stayed here over the Thanksgiving holiday this past year. We picked it based on reviews from Trip Advisor and our visit was fine. The rooms were a bit small but I think that is common with downtown hotel rooms. The closet was really large so that was helpful for storing the extra suitcases and anything else that wasn't needed. The front desk was really helpful when we first checked in because NWA misplaced my suitcase and the hotel was able to help me out with a lot of the necessities. I really appreciated that. They were also able to arrange for transportation back to the airport so that was one less thing for us to deal with. The wine hour at the end of the day was nice but I think I would have preferred a breakfast instead but that is just me. The location was good for walking to the cable cars, restaurants and shopping.The only problem I had with the hotel had to do with the honor bar. When we checked out I noticed a charge for two dollars for an item that we did not take. They corrected it immediately but upon reviewing my credit card statement a few days later, I noticed another charge for seven dollars. I called the hotel and they said it was for the honor bar. I told them again that we didn't take anything and they credited my account again. However, I did wonder how many times this was going to happen to people staying in that room.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>TFK
<Content>Boutique Hotel Generally I liked the Hotel. Located at the corner of Kearny and Sutter it is conveniently close to the Montgomery St Bart Station. It is nearby the Financial District, China Town, Union Square and Market Street. The location would be better if it were a block west closer to Union Square and where there is more night life. Instead it has more of a Financial District feel to the neighborhood meaning that it is dead at night. Dead but not especially quiet as there is a lot of traffic noise. However closing the window shut most of the noise out. The square building is hallow in the middle, meaning that there are rooms facing an interior space. I imagine that these rooms are much quieter. There is very small roof-top track that joggers would appreciate.The hotel is an older building but they did an excellent job in the remodel. Everything is first rate from the linen on the bed to the original art prints on the walls. The hotel has a modern, sophisticated look. My room was of an average size and the small bathroom was in an odd corner. I wished it had central air instead of a noisy unit under the window.The Hotel staff was OK. There is valet parking at around $33 per day. They allowed me to leave my car until 6:00 pm on the day that I checked out. People mention the wine tasting in the afternoon; but I did not try it.The Galleria Park Hotel is a clean, comfortable, with a modern design. The location is great, and the price is reasonable. I booked my on Priceline so the price was more than reasonable.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nandaroza
<Content>Great for the price - Unbeatable location My husband and I stayed there for one night but we had a good time. We generaly ask for the Hilton, but they were booked so we settled for the Boutique hotel.The hotel is tastefully decorated and the room was lager than your avarage SF room. Pillows and sheets were very good and soft.My only glitch was the noise from the streets, but I guess being in the heart of SF this is what you get.They do have a happy hour, but we were not impressed by the wine quality.The concierge was no good, so don't waste your time asking for recommendations. The concierge on duty referred us to the worst Greek restaurant I have ever been in our lifes!  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	1	1	-1	

<Author>alohatiger1
<Content>Ok, but not special Me and three friends of mine stayed here for three nights, while visiting San Francisco for sightseeing. We booked the hotel thru priceline and got a rate for 160 US, which is ok for this hotel. The hotel itself is located some minutes food walk from Union Square, so the location is ok. The rooms are nice and have a good size, but are not very big. Bathroom is ok but not perfect. The lobby is nice and so is the interior. They service free wine in the late afternoon, which is nice. I had a room to the patio which is not too nice, because it is kind of dark. I looked the other rooms of my friends and they were much nicer because they were much lighter. Check in and check out was fine, room service was fine too. Before we booked the hotel, we looked up some other offers for other hotels in the internet. I don鈥檛 know why, but prices were very high for that weekend in San Francisco, for that reason we thought the value for this hotel was ok. And the hotel itself was ok too. But I am not sure if I would come back to this hotel next time. Don鈥檛 get me wrong, the hotel is not bad or anything, but there is just something which I didn鈥檛 like 鈥?even if I can鈥檛 tell you what. I was not really sure if I should give 3 or 4 points to this hotel, so let鈥檚 say I give 3.5 points.Overall, if you come here you don鈥檛 do anything wrong, but don鈥檛 expect too much. I think for a boutique hotel something is missing.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>JoannWoods
<Content>Top Shelf Service I saw mixed reviews and got worried, but that all changed when I checked in. The staff was top notch, accommodating even some very odd needs with a sniff. The rooms was small, more like European hotels, but were classy down to the Frette sheets It was a 10 minute walk from the Convention Center and a nice place to come home too. A great place to stay!!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>mdz
<Content>Great location, worth the price! We stayed here for a convention. It was so convenient to everything, especially the shopping and dining in Union Square. Only a block or so from Chinatown Gate! The staff were great, really convenient valet parking. The rooms were small, but we were travelling with another couple so ended up with adjoining rooms. This helped a lot, especially since we were also travelling with a toddler, who went to bed earlier than us. Very quiet room on the centre courtyard area. Kind of dark, though, since no sunlight filters down through the tall buildings of the financial district. I would definitely stay here again. Free wine reception every day at 5:30pm. Nice touch.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>JimAtlanta
<Content>Fine Boutique - Rough Edges - But decent Deal       Bathroom Shower Stall Cracked  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>viajeraNYC
<Content>Great boutique hotel in downtown SF! Great find in downtown SF! Little boutique hotel with big comfortable beds, free wifi, clean, nicely decorated rooms. Recent renovations. We got a special discount which I think they run regularly making this a great deal for the area!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	3	5	

<Author>rogerrab
<Content>I left my heart..... Just returned from a two week stay at the Galleria Park, It is a great little hotel, very clean and nicely furnished with the MOST comfortable beds !! On checking in we swopped from a 4th floor internal room to a top floor street facing room, which was much brighter  a bit larger  we were very happy with it, all done with no hassle or fuss at all.Staff are all very friendly, polite  obliging .The location is GREAT, fairly quiet of a night and at weekends as is in the Financial District, approx 1/2 blocks from Chinatown gate, 2/3 blocks from Union Square  about 15 mins walk from the seafront / embarcadero area , in one direction and North Beach in the other. Perrys restaurant underneath hotel did good food  had a nice atmosphere.The neighbourhood was clean  felt very safe.There is a rooftop terrace on the 3rd floor (and a larger garden on the other side of the adjoining Crocker Galleria mall) which was great for a bit of fresh air or for sitting at the end of a long day's sightseeing with a coffee tea or something stronger !! would not hesitate in reccommending to my family and friends (in fact I already have !!)  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ajones24
<Content>Highly recommend Galleria Park My husband and I stayed at the Galleria Park during a recent weekend trip to San Francisco and we loved it. The rooms are decorated in soothing colors (that we actually made a note to remember for our next home renovation), the bed was comfortable, and everything was clean--the overall impression was fresh and tranquil. We travel quite often and I'm not easily excited by little things like toilettries, but I have to say that the shampoo/soap they have in the rooms adds to the whole fresh appeal--very nice. We happened to stroll in one evening during the wine reception; we didn't hang around, but there were several people relaxing and enjoying themselves. (We did, however, take a couple of glasses of wine with us to the room--also very nice.) The front desk service was excellent, and everyone was always friendly when we came and went. The location is obviously excellent. We're moving to SF soon and we will definitely have our friends and families stay at Galleria Park when they come and visit.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Trailblazer44
<Content>Neutral is the best word! We stayed at the Galleria for 3 nights Aug 31st to Sept 3rd and had a good experience.The renovations i read about are just a paint job with a few fixtures and furniture.The room we had on the 7th floor had trim falling off the A/C units air dam and other areas in the room looked like the painter couldn't get on to the next room quick enough..The room was clean at check in and the bed was quite comfy..Watch out for the toilets plug very easy and when mentioning it at check out the staff member looked at me with a Please don't bother me about this look.All said its a nice place and a great location.. but i think The Orchard on Bush St is a nicer hotel for the money and i wiil probably book there when going back.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	2	4	

<Author>hamhem
<Content>Great location I live in San Francisco and decided to get out of the house for the weekend while my wife had a group of women friends over.Great location near good transportation.Wine poured in the lobby each evening.Deluxe queen (#424) somewhat small but large closet and bathroom. Comfortable bed with soft top.Asked for quiet room on inside rather than street sides and it was just fine.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>johnmiddleton
<Content>Very pleasant boutique hotel in great location Pleasant boutique hotel. Rooms clean and tastefully decorated. Complimentary wine served in the lobby in the evenings. Nice restaurant attached. Great location in financial district. Best of all is complimentary wine served each evening in the lobby. Valet parking at $35/ night is less than the SF Omni at $45 and competitive for downtown SF. Would definitely return  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>liz_Def
<Content>good hotel, great location The Gelleria Park is a good little boutique hotel in SF, The location is great, the staff are wonderful. The rooms are a little small which is often the case in hotels in SF, but we got a great rate. I'd also add one hint. if you bring a car into SF, (not suggested) but if you must then park in the Sutter stockton, or ellis ofarrel garages. These are run by the city and much cheaper than the private garages. (their names are the also the address with cross st.)  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	-1	4	4	

<Author>TX_Julie
<Content>Galleria is lovely and a great value! I stayed at the Galleria Park hotel week before last- July 9-13 2007, for a business trip. When I arrived I was pleasantly surprised at the warm and inviting lobby. They have a fire going every night (yes it does get cold in San Fran year round!) and a wine reception every night from 5:30- 6:30. Boy, after my long training days at my job, it was nice having a wine reception to unwind at before retiring to my room.The room was perfect. Clean, beautifully decorated, white fluffy robs, Tazo teas, great bath products. The room service was outstanding and not too terribly expensive. I highly recommend the salmon, mini cheeseburgers and pineapple upside down cake. Yum! The in room high speed internet service worked everytime, was free (and hassle free). They had everything I wanted in a hotel. Very very friendly desk staff, just a wonderful hotel. The location was close to everything. I was able to walk almost everywhere I went. They are not on a huge hill either so walking doesn't feel like a marathon. Great area.I highly recommend the Galleria Park! Great hotel, great value.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lovefika
<Content>Great Galleria Park Hotel! We stayed two nights at the Galleria Park Hotel in the financial district of San Francisco. I found a discounted price on their website of $126.00 for two double beds on a Friday  Saturday. They have their specials posted on the hotel chain's website. There is an additional fee of $30.00 per day for valet parking. This hotel exceeded my expectations, especially for the price! The Galleria Park has a modern and beautiful decor. The lobby area has glass, blues, silvers, and black. Comfortable seating makes it a great place to talk with fellow travelers. My room was extremely clean and again - very nicely decorated. It had a deluxe feel that made the small space really pleasant. Like most downtown rooms, the space was small, but I did have room to tuck my baby's pack n play in the corner. I didn't feel suffocated at all and would highly recommend this hotel! The bathroom with shower/tub had high quality bath products, fluffy white towels and bathrobes. There were complimentary coffees and teas in the room which was a nice morning/night treat since there was not a complimentary breakfast.Wine Reception: The complimentary wine reception is every day 5:30-6:30 where they offer glasses of white and red wine. You can enjoy the wine in the lobby or in your room.Outdoor Patio: On the third floor, there is an outdoor deck with chairs and walking path to gather with guests or relax outside. It was very quiet and a peaceful place to enjoy the wine or talk outside of your hotel room. It was always open, though the hours stated that it closed at a particular time at night. Location: This hotel is just a couple of blocks from China Town, the main strip of shopping, and endless restaurants. It was a safe area to walk around at night. There are cable cars just a few blocks away to take around the city and to the wharf. Bottom Line: I would definitely recommend this hotel. You can sign up for their Joy Rewards Program which offers points with each stay. I did this before checking in to the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cjjonesz
<Content>OK..just OK Newly remodeled, but still felt old to me. Small, but fairly comfortable rooms. Concierge was very lacking. Sports bar attached to the lobby has good food. 1/2 price wines by the bottle on Mondays is a plus. Overall, there are better hotel choices for the money.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>scottca075
<Content>As Great as Ever This is my first stay at the Galleria Park since Kimpton sold the hotel and it is as good as ever, if not better.The Galleria's attractions were always it's location, reasonable costand great staff and none of those have changed. What has changed is that the rooms have been redone and look more modern, but I think Iliked the old decor just as well.They still have the evening wine hour which is another huge plus:) I will definetely be back.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>pearl79
<Content>Good price, excellent location  My boyfriend  I stayed at the Galleria Park in San Francisco in June 2007. We had a four-night stay, at $225 (including tax) per night. This was a great price compared to other hotels in the area (a lot of which had bad reviews on this site). We were very impressed with this hotel.The location is great. Shopping starts one block away. 3 blocks from Union Square  Powell Street cable car and a few blocks to Chinatown  other areas of interest.As stated on other reviews, the hotel offers coffee in the morning  wine in the evening, which was lovely. While we were there, one of the elevators was closed due to maintenance (upgrading to a better/faster one the sign said) - although we were on the 5th floor, this did not inconvenience us and we were never waiting longer than a minute. The staff members we encountered were polite and efficient.The room was a good size. Big double bed - with 4 large pillows - extremely comfortable! Built-in wardrobe, walk-in - with ironing board, iron  bath robe. Bathroom was extremely clean with lovely white fluffy towels and good products. Shower worked well and had a more powerful setting. TV was quite large with many stations. Mini-bar was full.We were at the back of the hotel in an inner-corner room, which didn't have much of a view, but that didn't matter to us as we were out-and-about most of our time there.We had no noise from traffic  we were never disturbed by the cleaners or anyone else (although we did put the DND sign on door just in case).Overall, we had an excellent stay here!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NaunieG
<Content>What a pleasant surprise! I booked two rooms for ourselves and another couple into the Galleria Park Hotel sign unseen. I was a little nervous about what we would find when we arrived. We wanted something close to Chinatown and Union Plaza. I was able to find a reasonably priced package on the hotel's web site that included parking and wine tasting. I am pleased to report that the stay was perfect in every way, including proximity to Chinatown and Union Square and care of our vehicle. The rooms were charming and beautifully decorated down to the last detail. The bathroom fixtures and tiling was good quality. It was evident that someone put a lot of thought into these rooms, even down details like providing a coffee maker with premium coffee bags, spa quality hair and body products, and a nice terry cloth robe. My husband couldn't get over the comfort of the bed (well, me too!). We were so impressed with it that we wrote down the brand and intend to look into purchasing one like it. We are regular travelers, and spend a lot of time in Las Vegas at high end resorts and this may sound ridiculous, but I enjoyed this property as much as any there, including some top end hotels like the Rio, Bellagio, and Red Rock. The one downside was that there is no view from the windows, but everything else counter balanced that. I will definitely return.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>eunsun
<Content>A wonderful hotel Walked into the hotel and was greeted by a calm and quiet lobby and a friendly host. I was informed of happy hour which looked fun but I quickly dropped off my bag and I was off shopping since the hotel is convienently located near Union Square.This is a great place to have some fun in the city since it is located near all the great shops and a cab ride away from anything you need or want.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>lolomojo
<Content>Loved it! I needed to book a hotel room in SF for a business trip I was taking. I am from SF and not familiar with the Galleria Park but their prices were SO much better than other places I found. I was a little nervous about what to expect and was really pleasantly surprised. The hotel was recently renovated and is very contemporary and modern in decor. It reminded me of a W hotel. The front desk staff was helpful, fast and gracious. The hotel offers free coffee in the AM and free wine at night! The room was about average size, clean and looked great. I did not get a nice view but was willing to sacrifice that for the free Wi-Fi. I paid about $180/night and think I got quite a steal. The hotel is located downtown, convenient to Union Square and the Financial District. I would definitely stay here again!!  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>ed110
<Content>Great location The Galleria Park Hotel is conveniently located within walking distance to Union Square, Chinatown and BART stations. The staff members are all polite, professional and helpful. The rooms are nicely decorated. The beds and pillows are very comfortable. The only problem is that housekeeping comes knocking around 8:45 - 9 AM. It's definitely not what we expected for a holiday weekend!  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Marchus
<Content>Wonderful Hotel  I have stayed at the Galleria Park during the last 5 years and time  again they prove I made the right choice. The Galleria Park Hotel staff are most pleasant and helpful. The hotel recently renovated their rooms, furnishings, lobby and more, thus making my most recent stay that much more enjoyable. They are in a great location, 3 blocks from Union Square, 2 blocks from a BART station, more shopping than one could imagine ... And of course, a plentiful of restaurants from which to choose in the area. Yet even more, coming back to the Galleria Park at the end of the day, it is a quiet and unimposing place to stay. A very nice home away from home and a great staff of people to attend to your needs.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>helsnbrad
<Content>Good Hotel  After staying in a terrible motel the first night at San Francisco we soon checked out and found this lovely little hotel near to Union Square.The hotel has recently been renovated, so the rooms and reception area are lovely and new. They have an old glamour look about them that fits in with the hotel buidling.The hotel is in a great location, a short walk to Union Square/financial district and to the cable cars and you feel safe and comfortable whilst you are walking around.We stayed in a deluxe king room and it was nicely decorated and lovely. Safe, fridge, telly, hairdryer, bathrobes and bath products. Even though we faced the main road we didn't find the room noisy at all.Valet parking is $33 dollers a day, at first we though this was quite expensive but after walking around and seeing other car parks it is actually good value for San Francisco. I believe there was a wine tasting hour every evening but unable to comment on this as we were out exploring San Francisco and missed it!Conceriage desk are very helpful with directions etc only downside was the front desk were not always that friendly or welcoming but its fine.Worthwhile staying here as it is good value for money, many of the motels/ldoges were a similiar price to this and would not match up to it. It is clean, safe and a great location.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	2	4	5	

<Author>dreybellevue
<Content>above my expectations We found this hotel through a special on travelzoo and liked the look of a boutique hotel. In my reservation I included a note that we were celebrating our anniversary and the hotel manager went above and beyond upgrading us to a suite and filling our room with treats, flowers and a card. The room was comfortable, clean and I especially loved the Aveda products. There's also a wine reception every evening in the lobby. Overall, I was pleasantly surprised by the personalized service!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jade0480
<Content>Great Location, Great Service, Great Everything When I was trying to find a hotel for our stay in San Francisco, I looked primarily at these reviews and narrowed it down to just a few hotels. Those other hotels were actually ranked higher than this one, but nearly all of them said that homeless people were outside the hotel. I know that there are homeless people everywhere and you need to be careful, but this was one hotel I didn't see even one complaint about the homeless living outside the hotel. I booked it and was not disappointed by any means.This hotel is in the 'Financial District' which we noticed is probably about the best place to stay. Everything else is very touristy (such as the Warf) or in shady areas (such as anything on Market) or noisy areas (like Lombard St). This hotel was in the right area for us. There were no panhandlers near the hotel and it was in the middle of EVERYTHING. Market Street is like 3 blocks to the left, Chinatown is only about two blocks to the right, and there is the number 15 bus stop right outside the front doors on Kearny Street which takes you to the Warf and Little Italy.BUY A MUNI PASS!!!! They are only $11 for one day, $18 for three, and I can't remember what the week pass is but it isn't much. It gets you on to everything. We don't suggest riding the bus at night much. Some shady people were on and we felt uncomfortable.The hotel was beautiful, Staff was great, and rooms were nice. We came in at 9:30am and they allowed us to check in because they had a room available. If you dont have a room available that early, they will store your luggage so you can go out and enjoy the city. The room is the perfect size, very comfortable and tastfully decorated. We did hear a horrible noise like sheet metal outside in the hallway and we didn't know what it was. We told the hotel staff and the manager promptly went to investigate. It ended up being the laundry chute. The staff assured me that it only is in operation from 9am-5pm and asked if we wanted to switch to a more quiet room. We didn't feel that was necessary since we didn't plan on being there during the day - but it was very nice they offered. They were correct too - it was only until 5. Sign up for their Joy of Life club. They put a welcome card in our room with a 1/2 bottle of Chardannay and little mints. It was a nice touch.We unfortunately didn't eat at Perry's, though it smelled delicious. We did however eat at Pomodoros (sp) across the street on Kearny and it was wonderful. We also went to Murphy's Bar and we had breakfast every morning at Posh Beagle just one bock north on Sutter across from the Seven Eleven. We ended up ordering pizza to be delivered a couple times and that was great too. It was some place the hotel recommended.HINT: The city pretty much shuts down at 8-9pm, so if you want anything, go before that. The Seven Eleven and our pizza delivery is how we got by.I can't say enough about this place and this city. I loved it and cannot wait to come back. I will definately only stay at this hotel too!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>anneyh
<Content>Old toiletries, Loud furnance, and a fire alarm! My fiance and I reserved a King Deluxe Room at The Galleria Park Hotel in San Francisco over April 1st. I had done a lot of research debating over which hotel to choose. After reading the reviews on tripadvisor, I selected Galleria Park. The room that we received was small but that is not uncommon in San Fransciso. It was newly renovated and had new modern furniture. The bed was very comfy. After more careful insepction of the room, we found that old soap that were used by our rooms previous tenent (in the sink and shower) were not thrown away. Neither was the shampoo, conditioner or lotion. I sure hope they do not expect us to us someone else's old toiletries. The room also contained many old items that our room's previous tenent had left, that the housekeeping did not throw away (such as old keys, etc) The toilet paper had that nice hotel fold to it, but there was barely any paper left on the roll! Couldn't they have just changed it?We also had a major problem with the loud furnance. It kept leaking air and was making loud noises all night long. We were going to ask for another room, but my fiance and I were too tired and just decided to throw a towel over it. Right around 11:30PM, the fire alarm went off! All of the hotel guests were running around unaware of what to do. We all proceeded down the stairs to the lobby, but were then told to return to our rooms by a staff member midway down the 5th floor step because it was a false alarm and somone just pulled it. My fiance and I returned to our room, but decided that we should evacuate the hotel since the firefighters were on their way. As we were heading down the stairs we saw a large old NAKED man running out of his room! Yes, this seems too crazy to be possible, but trust me it happened! The worst part, was that there were little girls and their family walking down the stairs with us. After all of this, we didn't end up going to bed until 12:30AM. So much for catching up on sleep!I'm not sure if this was all some stupid April fool's joke, but we were NOT amused. We will NOT stay here again! The management did not know what do in this emergency and the unclean bathroom just really digusted us.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	1	3	2	3	

<Author>SassyStu
<Content>Great value, fantastic service. My fiance and I stayed here to celebrate our engagement. I can't say enough about what a positive experience staying here was. The hotel was beautifully appointed and our room was spacious and comfortable -- what a great bed! The shower was very nice too. But the best thing here was the service. Even though we missed the evening wine hour, the front desk staff generously offered to bring us a bottle of wine to enjoy by the fireside -- we figured there would be a charge, but it was totally complementary. Sipping it in the comfy fireside chairs was cozy and romantic. When we left a bag behind due to a mix-up with the valet, the front desk manager brought it to our house in Berkeley herself.Given this hotel's location, the price was very good. It really is walking distance to shopping in Union Square and Chinatown. We decided to use the valet parking after spending 40 minutes driving through the crazy traffic around Union Square and checking out all the garages. The charge, $37, seemed like a bargain considering that most self-park garages charge at least $27 -- and many of the 4-star hotels charge up to $45.Bottom line: we would recommend this place to our friends.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>flyingfabu
<Content>charming boutique hotel My boyfriend and I stayed there twice, both times we enjoyed ourselves. It's walking distance to Chinatown  Union Square. The contemporary renovation has really updated this hotel without making it cold or unwelcoming. The color palette is beautiful, unusual and soothing. The rooms we stayed in were spacious. There's tasteful art on the walls. Nothing tacky here! When you first walk in, you're greeted in a lobby that takes you to some other place in time with a big, warm fireplace and chairs that beg you to come sit down and rest your weary feet. The renovations were not totally complete during our stay so we caught a glimpse of what it used to look like by means of the elevator. Yikes! This wasn't just an improvement, this was a complete overhaul, yet the old details have not been lost. I would recommend this hotel if you're looking for an affordable stay in one of the best cities in the world. Not too many frills, yet everything you need.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>peekaboo-7
<Content>Really enjoyed our stay - excellent job on the renovations The renovations are amazing. The elevators were the only items still being redone - but everything else was done, and done extremely well. The lobby was very warm, cozy and inviting. The room was beautiful and very comfortable. The staff were attentive and polite. The location was perfect - we parked our car upon arrival and didn't need it until we checked out. So many restaurants and so much shopping within walking distance!There was nothing negative or disappointing about our stay.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>AJDADIVA
<Content>Can I take the bed home please? The renovation of this hotel is flawless. They even managed to make the lobby fireplace look new and fresh. It made the evening wine hour an even more lovely experience.The rooms are spacious and I was lucky enough to get upgraded to a corner suite on the 8th floor. Although it was just me and my boyfriend this suite would be lovely for a family traveling together. The sitting room in addition to a queen sofa bed was big enough to have a table for four and plenty of room to walk around.The bed was incredible! I may have to see what vendor they use the next time I'm in a market for a bed.They are almost done with the elevator replacement which will make it much easier to get up and down easliy.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Art_Deco_Lover
<Content>Great deal, awesome location My husband and I stayed for two nights recently and had a great time. The hotel is gorgeous now from its recent rennovation and was a great deal. The price (especially for San Francisco) was excellent and the location was as well. Free wine in the evening, Aveda products in the bathroom, goregous new lobby, comfortable bed, clean, well-kept and close to Belden place and all the stores in Union Square. Would definitely recommend for our out of town guests. Rooms are on the smaller side- but that's true for almost any hotel in San Francisco. Overall, a great deal and location.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ECMY
<Content>Lovely hotel - but DON'T park your car there :-) This hotel is in a great location and it feels very cosy. I really liked it although the rooms are definitely not luxurious 鈥?but the price is good! However, don鈥檛 ever park there, they charge you a horrendous amount.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cabana5
<Content>Great stay at Galleria Park We checked into the Galleria Park on the night before New Year's Eve, 2006. The renovated lobby was imaculate and the fireplace was so inviting. Unfotunately, prior plans prevented us from enjoying the lobby this time. We set out into San Francisco and were immediately impressed with the hotel's location, just steps from the vibrant Union Square. After a night on the town, we found our stay quiet and restful. The rooms have been renovated and are quite stylish. The morning staff was pleasant and efficient. Having only 1 night at the Galleria Park, we can't wait to return.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>gibson8477
<Content>Great Stay at the Galleria Park Hotel We got a GREAT rate through Priceline. Since this was my first experience with Priceline, I rushed to this website to see what we had gotten ourselves into. I have to say I was concerned, but I tried to shrug it off since we got such a great rate, and I didn't think we would spend that much time in the room. It turned out that I didn't have anything to worry about. Apparantly at this point they are only having guests stay in the newly renovated rooms. They have done a great job with the renovations, our room was decorated nicely and was very comfortable. Yeah the bathroom is small, but that is such a minor issue. I also found the staff to be extremely helpful and attentive. I would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>bumblebee33
<Content>Mixed experience at the Galleria Park This hotel has several things going for it but they drop the ball when it comes to the details .We stayed here for two nights at the end of October 2006 to see if it would be a good choice for guests of our upcoming wedding. We stayed in a renovated room on the 7th floor, which was decorated beautifully and was a comfortable size. The bed was exceptionally comfy and luxurious. The bathroom was small however, and had absolutely no shelf space so we had to pile up our toiletries on the floor by the sink. There was only one small mirror in the entire room - over the sink - which made getting dressed and ready a challenge for 2 people. I can't believe they didn't even bother to install a full length mirror somewhere. There was also no in-room safe, which meant I had to carry all my valuables in my handbag all weekend long.Another disappointment was the staff - although most people at the front desk were friendly, they weren't very helpful. We called the concierge one morning and asked for help in contacting a rental car company; we were told they couldn't help us, not even with getting a phone number. I know this isn't a 4 or 5 star hotel, but you would think they would help with a basic request like this.Avoid Perry's - we went here for a quick bite and the food was not fresh and not even cooked all the way through. There are several other restaurants within walking distance that are much better.I really wanted to love this hotel - the interiors are quite fashionable since the renovation, and the location can't be beat. But the nonchalant attitude of the staff and some oversights on the details tarnished our stay. Service and attention to detail are supposedly the hallmarks of boutique hotels, but they missed the mark on both counts. For the rate we paid ($129 a night) I think we got what we paid for, but I wouldnt' call this place an amazing deal.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	2	3	

<Author>kellyNo
<Content>Not bad after renovations Somehow my boyfriend and I lucked out and got one of the rooms on a newly renovated floor (we were told that the new furniture wasn't in yet, but it wasn't terribly noticeable that the stuff was old). The room was smallish but quite fine, and we stayed for about 8 days. The tub was kind of weird. the two sides sloped rather dramatically so that your feet were kind of on a weird inward curve as you stood there showering, but that's kind of a minor complaint. The Aveda bath products, on the other hand, were awesome.There was a lot of work happening in the hotel while I was there, but luckily it happened for the most part during the day or not on my floor at all. The wine receptions were nice, if you timed it right, the location was pretty great, totally walkable to union square, north beach, chinatown, I even walked all the way to japantown one day!The elevators were pretty wonky toward the end of our stay. They were working on them and the front desk didn't realize that guests weren't able to call elevators down to the ground floor - your best bet was to go to the mezzanine to call it  ride it down. I told the front desk repeatedly that it was a problem but they didn't get it, so I started telling guests I saw waiting in vain for the elevator instead. Overall, I'd stay here again if the price was right once all the renovations are finished.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	4	4	

<Author>Eric1
<Content>Very nice The renovations are almost completed except for 3rd and 2nd floors which are in progress. The new rooms are beautiful, completely remodeled, all new furnishings and fixtures. Very clean! The rooms are not huge but comfortable. The king bed in my room was one of the most comfortable hotel beds I have ever slept on. Location is excellent, very close to shopping and Chinatown. 2 block walk to Market and the F-Line Streetcars. Wi-fi a little weak in some rooms, but usable.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>mrs_nuts
<Content>Wait for the renovation completion I knew the hotel was under renovation and the price was only $115, so I was not surprised with what I found. Lots of construction, slow and/or broken elevators, loud noises (construction starts early) and a run down room. I was on the second so fortunately I could take the stairs. Unfortunately, the second floor hasn't been renovated yet. I won't get into details, but the room definitely needed an upgrade. It was bad enough that I would not stay there again. That being said, the renovation looks great and I heard the new rooms were great. So...overall I'd try it again, but not until the renovation is complete.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Trac16
<Content>Galleria Park Hotel needs major rehab!! My family of four stayed in the Galleria Park Hotel, San Fran, June of this year (2006). We booked thru Priceline after seeing good ratings and reviews. We were greeted by a very nice and friendly bellman. That was the extent of the good part of our stay. When the front desk clerk saw we were checking in with a Priceline rate her whole attitude changed. She saw we needed 2-beds as we had two small children with us and she said we were lucky they had one left especially since Priceline does not gaurantee more than one bed. She then proceeded to charge us $25 addtl per night b/c we will have 2 beds in our room w/2 children. Nothing we could do about it.The lobby was very tired. The pleather chairs had rips in them with foam sticking out. The elevators were very slow (ok, we knew they were in historical bldg) but they also used them for service (i.e construction and housekeeping bins) and when they were on them we had to walk the stairs as there was no room for all to fit and it would be forever until it came back to get us.We stayed in room 505. They must have given us the worst room in the hotel (I'm thinking b/c we paid a low /$125 price from Priceline) My wife worked in hospitality for 10-years and could not believe they were putting guests in this room. They also had no other guest room to move us to, so they said. The room had old, dirty carpet (I would not let my kids walk in bare feet) with bedspreads and blankets which were pilly and quite disgusting looking. The wallpaper was ripping (my 10-yr old pointed it out!). they had duck tape and tin foil wrapped around a hose to some pipe leading to the a/c unit which was noisy and obnoxious and had to be turned off at night from the noise.The windows were so dirty you could literaly not see out. Finally the cracked tub had a gooey chain connected to the drain. It did not seem sanitary and the hotel never cleaned it after our request.We would never stay there again. We know they were in the middle of a renovation since we saw it after we arrived, but I am sure if you do not pay top rate, you will not get the new rooms.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>travel2210
<Content>Okay-but watch out for the cleaning suprise We stayed at the Galleria Park for 3 nights. The location was excellent. A short walk to Union Square and shopping/movies. Area was not too dodgy. Cable Car close by.The Cons: Coming into the hotel at 4 PM to get changed from day of shopping to go out for dinner and finding that house cleaning was just now starting to clean our room. She said she would be 10 minutes. Went down to the lobby, waited 15. Came back up and she was still cleaning. Waited few more minutes and she left. But she also left something in our room. Can't be certain, but 99.9% sure she took those extra minutes to use our toilet, because the room was smelt like a skunk had died in it.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>AustinReviewer
<Content>Decent, great location, very friendly staff I paid $115 for my room and feel it was a decent value for San Francisco. 1) Location. The hotel is a 2-3 block walk to Market Street and all major bus lines. It's a 5ish block walk to Chinatown for dim sum, and right around the corner from the financial district and Union Square. We easily walked to SFMOMA from here. There is a 7-11 on the corner, and all the major-store shopping you can stand.2) Staff. The staff were very friendly and not snooty at all. Everyone at the desk greeted me when I entered or exited the hotel.3) Parking. The hotel offers in/out parking for $33 a day (I think). If you prefer to take public transportation around the city, you can get a cheaper rate for in only (no outs) parking at the Sutter-Stockton garage, at the corner of ... Sutter and Stockton. This was the best bet for us on the weekend we stayed -- total cost from Friday night through Monday morning was $50. 4) Room. The room was sizeable and everything was clean, especially the bathroom. The sofa was a little stained. My only complaint was the size of the bed -- a full. Kinda small for 2 people, and also not very comfortable. The room didn't look anything like the photos, but it was quiet. Overall, a good value. Would stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>swmbkrnr
<Content>Didn't sleep! Very Noisy. Overall, the room was clean, bed was only ok and the cable had only limited channels. However, I will never choose this hotel again. I arrived mid-day after traveling all morning and was snottily told I could check in, but a room was not available until after 3 p.m. Ok, not a problem, I asked for the restroom so I could freshen up. I was given a restroom key to a facility in the basement by the clerk with a very snotty - cannot be bothered attitude. Upon my evening return, I was assigned my room (thankfully Snotty's shift was over) and realized the air conditioner was not working. I requested a change to which I promptly greeted with new keys and directed to my new room. Which to my suprise was out the side door into the stairwell - there was my room. Kinda creepy, but ok there is air conditioning. There was also street noise so I tried to get some sleep after putting in ear plugs. At midnight a car alarm started going off and it was down hill from there. I called the front desk many times and NEVER got an answer. I then became frightened as I heard people in the stairwell. I never went back to sleep! I was able to move to a new room the next day which was just ok.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	1	2	3	

<Author>I'mPedro
<Content>hated it There are only 2 good things to say about this hotel. It has a great location and is better than sleeping on the street. That's it.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	5	4	3	4	2	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyable stay I would highly recommend this hotel and plan on staying there in the future. The staff was very friendly and helpful our entire stay. Yes, the rooms are small and the hotel is old (it's San Francisco!), but the rooms were very clean and comfortable. We reserved a room with a King size bed 1 week before our arrival through AAA last minute trips and got what we asked for.  We ate breakfast at Perry's twice and the omelets are cooked perfectly, which you can't always find when going out for breakfast. The coffee in the lobby was very good although we did find the pots were empty one morning but were filled up within 5 minutes.  The evening wine in the lobby was a nice touch; a chance to meet and chit-chat with other guests from around the world and compare notes about restaurants, etc.  The location was great and the rooms were very quiet. All and all, I would we had a great time at the Galleria and in San Francisco.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place for our short stay We were in San Francisco for just one night and reserved a room via Priceline. We were very pleased with the accommodations. While a bit worn in the rooms, everything was very clean. Upon check-in, we mentioned this was the start of a trip in celebration of our 10 yr. anniversary. When we returned from dinner, there was a lovely personalized card and a box of truffles in our room, courtesy of the staff. It was a nice touch! Our schedule didn't allow us to take advantage of the complimentary wine hour or coffee in the a.m., but that is a great option. Since we reserved via Priceline, we had a great rate, which wouldn't have been so great if we valet parked for $33/night. We opted to leave our rental car on the street which could be, we were told, a bit dicey. In the end it was fine and we had no problems with it.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>eded2005
<Content>location and taht is it Nobody called my room to wake me up at 7:00 as requested the night before -- what kind of service is that? I was lucky I woke up and did not miss my work meeting. The room is very small (but clean) and the wine is cheap. The location is great. I would not pay more than $99 which was what I got at Orbitz. If you would like to have a great time in beautiful SF give yourself something more pelasant.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mikebluesz
<Content>Amazing Hotel This is an amazing hotel. Great rooms, large ceilings, very clean place. Awesome staff!!! Excellent location.... Everything about this boutique hotel screams value and greatness.Do yourself a favor and don't stay anywhere else.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>smercury
<Content>Great value hotel I got a really cheap deal on this hotel, so I wasn't expecting too much. Everything was clean, but you could definitely tell its age. The elevator was slow, and max occupancy was 4 people! The Aveda bath products were a nice touch. The bathroom light took its sweet time to turn on to full luminance. The water pressure and temperature of the shower were too low in the mornings. However, the morning coffee, tea, and water, and the evening wine receptions were nice. The location was excellent. We were within walking distance of the convention center, and 3 short blocks from Chinatown. It was also in a safe area. There were several cute coffee shops and cafes in the area. The front desk staff were very helpful and personable. If you're on a budget and want to be in downtown SF, this is a great hotel!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Downtown is Just Fine! A comfortable hotel that's not too big. Construction on the street is winding down and seems to be almost finished (compared to my last stay a while back). The staff was very friendly and offered a letter explaining the potential noise I might hear. Great place to stay if you look forward to a friendly, warm hotel staff. Don't forget the wine hour and the free coffee in the lobby each morning.Looking foward to seeing the results of your upcoming renovation.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lu_164ever
<Content>Mix of good and bad at this hotel When we first checked in, we were disappointed to find out that we were going to have the 鈥渘o king beds available鈥?problem. The woman at the front desk was actually incredibly rude, and obviously just wanted to hurry us through the process, not willing to discuss our room type and location. We stayed at the hotel Dec 29-Jan 2, and she kept explaining to us that the hotel would be completely booked the night of Dec 31 for New Year Eve. Fine, but that doesn鈥檛 explain why we couldn鈥檛 get the King bed we requested when we booked the hotel, since when we arrived on the 29th, the hotel was empty. So after finally realizing we weren鈥檛 getting anywhere with her, we accepted the fact that we would have two double beds. Also, I called the hotel before we arrived to make sure we could count on the wireless internet available in the rooms, as we both needed to do some work during our stay at the hotel. The nice woman I talked to at the hotel (I wish I knew her name, she was great!) explained that some rooms are better than others, and that generally the inner courtyard rooms don鈥檛 have as great wireless connection. I mentioned this to the woman who checked us in, and she completely blew me off, saying that no particular area was better than any other, and basically said the wireless was spotty throughout the hotel! Not great news for us, because we really counted on this amenity when we booked the hotel. Needless to say, we were extremely frustrated at check-in and figured the rest of our stay would be a nightmare. We got our room key, and ended up on the 4th floor in a TINY room with two double beds, and not much room for anything else. My husband tried to get the wireless to work in the room with little success. It would come on here and there, but it was mostly off. My husband called down to the front desk to see if there was anything we could do, expecting to have another frustrating conversation with the same woman. Luckily, another woman answered the phone (I鈥檓 thinking it may have been the same woman I talked to over the phone a few days before) who was much better to work with. He explained the wireless problem, and she said we could be moved to a room with a better connection. He also decided to take a chance and ask about a king room, and somehow a room was suddenly available! She didn鈥檛 even act like it was a problem, and acted surprised that the first woman hadn鈥檛 given us one. We picked up new room keys for our room on the same floor, and were pleasantly surprised by the new room (rm 415). I wouldn鈥檛 call it luxurious or anything, but it was more than twice the size of our previous room, large king bed, better bathroom, and the wireless worked through our whole stay. What a relief! The hotel is obviously old and rough around the edges. Random things were broken everywhere and looked like they had been only halfway dealt with. For example, one of our window curtains was ripped, and a safety pin was holding it together instead of being sewn back together. There were cracks in the sealing and walls. But the hotel does have a certain amount of charm, and the location really is perfect. We had no problem with street noise at all, and we were above a very busy street. Overall, we ended up being quite satisfied with our stay. The room was very comfortable and it was nice to come back to at night. The hotel should accept the fact that it鈥檚 time for some updating and stop fixing problems 鈥渉alfway,鈥?and also get rid of employees that give poor customer service.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming historic hotel       Rooftop garden  
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'd pay notto stay here... Dreadful. My wife and I spent two tortuous nights in this hotel. Like many other comments posted, my wife and I were relegated to a room with two of the most uncomfortable full beds, rather than the king we had requested. The minibar was fine, excepting the fact that previous occupants had refilled the Fiji bottles with tap water to avoid the $2.50 charge. Which wouldn't have been a big deal except for the fact that the ventilation system gave us dry mouth and we woke up desperate for water numerous times each night. We elected to drink water straight from the tap rather than the bottled tap water that other peoples lips have touched. To buffer the ventilation system, you can open the window, but the incessant noise of construction all night, each night, forced us to keep it closed. All in all I think I woke up 20 times the first night and only 10 the second... To cope with our forced insomnia, we'd watch TV, but there wasn't much to choose from on the seven channels the hotel offers. Who doesn't, especially a boutique hotel, offer HBO these days? The whole experience left me completely turned off by downtown. The charm of San Francisco is in the neighborhoods. I know a lot of people visiting SF want to see the sights, but to get a good feel of what the city is like, stay at the Hayes Valley Inn and save yourself the $40 a day in parking...  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>askeddie
<Content>Slow Room Service This hotel was ok, nothing too spectacular. No view of the city. The rooms were small and old, but they were very clean. It's in a great location and walking distance to Union Square. It has a nice and accommodating staff, but the Room Service, from the restaurant downstairs WAS BAD. I ordered from room service, and after waiting for over an hour I called down to check. Lady asked, What did you order? Noticing that I had discovered that she had forgotten to place my order, she offered to send my meal FREE OF CHARGE, if I could only wait another 45 minutes. NO THANKS! I walked to a nearby restaurant and grabbed a meal.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great place to stay I always use this site to see non-biased reviews of hotels since I am VERY picky when it comes to hotels. Although this is a small hotel, the rooms were very clean, the staff friendly and had extra services that make your stay even better (i.e. computers w/ printers for online flight check in, work out room, etc.). The location is close to the BART and all that DT SF has to offer! Great stay!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Robin625
<Content>Mediocre at best. I wasn't impressed with this place. We received a room with 2 double beds rather than the king we had booked. When we checked in the front desk was quite rude and didn't seem to care in the slightest that our room type was wrong. When we were checking out we were told there would be a slight delay getting our car. Apparently, the valet could not find the keys to someone else's car and he had been waiting for quite a while. I did hear them offer the man free parking due to the inconvenience, but honestly the person at the front desk was the same man who had checked us in 2 days before and had the same attitude about the car mixup that he had about our room. The hotel location is good and the room was clean so that was ok for us since we didn't spend much time there, but certainly not the star level that the hotel claims to be.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>1 star at best Galleria Park is in a great location. We walked to Pac Bell park from there and it is close to Union Square shopping and restaurants but the rooms are marginal at best. The bed was VERY old and uncomfortable. The rooms are VERY dated and not remotely attractive. We had to be moved because the first room had a/c (unit in the window - very noisy and blows right on the bed) that didn't work. Employees were very pleasant and helpful - the one bright spot - but we will not be staying here again.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Impressed My husband and I spent 5 nights at the Galleria Park Hotel in August 2005. The best feature of the hotel is the location - which is on Sutter and Kearny, and thus close to Market Street. Overall, we were not impressed and would not stay at this hotel again. The room was a Queen room, and small - but that wasn't the problem. The decor was drab at best and cold most of the time. I heard other guests complaining about the cold and no one seemed to get a straight answer from the front desk. There is central heating...there is a heater in your room, just turn the handle counter-clockwise (trust me...this option did not work). At 5:00 p.m. on our 4th day we inquired about the heating again. We were told it would kick on at 9:00 p.m. Imagine our excitement. We requested a space heater - which never arrived. Coffee is served in the Lobby until 10:00 each morning. At 9:00 one morning I came for coffee but each one of the four cannisters were empty - and clearly had been empty for awhile. When I inquired at the front desk, I got an oh really?? and was told that sometimes coffee is placed underneath the table (now WHY didn't I look there??). As I said, we were not impressed.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed the Hotel. It was my first time in SF and Galleria Park hotel was just excellent for me. My husband and I found out we needed not to take taxi to anywhere which saved us a whole lot. I shopped with every ease due to the location of the hotel. I can't forget shoe pavillion so close and the coffee shop right beside the hotel. We did not eat in the hotel because we could find good restaurants just a few walks away. We spent 9 days in the hotel.I will stay in the hotel again if I find myself going to San Franscisco. it is good value for your money.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MarkCC
<Content>Kimpton comes through again We are members of the Kimpton hotel chain frequent guest program, and this was our fourth stay at a hotel in the chain. We had reserved an extra large room but were upgraded to a beautiful suite.The hotel is only a few blocks from Union Square, a few blocks from the Financial District, next door to the Crocker Galleria (a high-end shopping complex), a few blocks from Bart (the subway), and a short walk to a cable car line, so it is well-located. The bed was comfortable, the shower pressure was strong, and the AC worked well. There is even a short walking/running path and park on the roof of a section of the hotel. What more could we want during a short visit.We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good spot I found this hotel to be perfect for my first trip to San Fran. Nicer places of course could be found for more money but there was no disappointment at all here. Perfect location. Accomodating and friendly staff. Clean room. What more do you need?I did not have problems with street noise as others have posted. The typical city noise does exist but I'm not sure what people expect when they are staying in the middle of any city? I'm sure there are places in Napa that are quieter, but this is a major city!I would return to this hotel for sure.  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Need a lift? This hotel is in a good location, but the elevators are terrible! It took me on average about 3-5 minutes to get from my room to the lobby and vice versa - every single time! The rooms are dark and a bit smelly, the bathrooms are old. I'd highly recommend using another one of the Kimpton hotels in the area (Triton looked really cool!). They are such a unique company with great hotels, I was disappointed by this one.  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>2	4	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quaint, friendly  A fantastic location, 10 mins walk from all the shops  resturants on Union Square! Rooms are small but clean. Disappointing room service, however amazing choice of food next door at the Gallaria Park centre. Staff extremely friendly  complementary wireless high speed internet access in all rooms too! Great business location.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nsvlbimmerguy
<Content>Stayed for a week... I bought, slightly at the last minute, off priceline and paid $85 a night for what was billed as a Boutique... I was not familiar with this property and I didn't initially realize that the GPH is a Kimpton....The lobby is medium sized with a large, ornate fireplace, that in the daytime, looks horribly fake, but is dramatic after dark.Overall the hotel looked like a Kimpton on a budget, not quite as ornate as other Kimpton's I've stayed in, but not bad.We were only able to get double beds, which was a bit of a problem, but overall the room was nice, clean, the bath stocked with Aveda, etc. Up on the 8th floor, things were quiet, which compared to my last stay in SF, was a treat to return to after spending days out in the city or Napa.Located on the edge of the Financial district, 2 blocks from Union Sq. I found it convenient enough to what we wanted to do.While everyone knows parking a car in this city is expensive, I though $38 a night (w/tax however) was a bit steep, I'm guessing maybe the proximity to the Financial area is partly to blame?Overall, other than the bed issue, no problems. One note of humor, in the bath there is a Kimpton card noting things you can request for free or for a fee which you may have left at home, on the free list was Wrinkle Releaser (I.e. Downy Wrinkle Releaser) I asked the front desk for this as well as Two (2) bathrobes (which we should not have has to ask for) upon our return we found a small container of Static Guard that appeared to have been manufactured sometime in 1987.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel in the heart of San Francisco Galleria Park is a small boutique hotel in downtown San Francisco. The rooms are small but pleasant. The rooms have individual air conditioning units as well as windows that you can open. There is some street noise....to be expected in a big city. The sounds of trucks on the street in the morning did wake me up -- but I'm a very light sleeper. There is free wireless internet access in the hotel! Each afternoon at 5:30 pm there is a free wine reception in the lobby which was very nice. There is no coffee or tea in the rooms but at 5:00 am each morning there is very nice complementary coffee and tea service in the lobby. The staff was friendly and helpful. There is a tiny room set aside with some exercise equipment that serves as a fitness center. It wasn't that great but I used it anyway. They have an agreement with a nice fitness center in the area but I didn't take advantage of that. The hotel is close to restaurants and shopping. It was a $40 taxi ride from the airport (SFO) to the front door of the hotel. Given the location in downtown San Francisco I was surprised that I only paid $109 per night. They have parking if you need it but it was very expensive, something like $30 per night. I was there on business but I would definitely stay there again for either business or leisure. A previous poster mentioned panhandlers in the area. This is common all over San Francisco.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>moomingirl
<Content>Great location and value       view of Galleria Park from Sutter Street  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tineeric
<Content>Cozy, great location I booked a room on the interior courtyard, after reading reviews here. The hotel was only about one-third occupied, so I didn't have any problems associated with overcrowding. The best rate was available on the hotel's own web site. My stay was very quiet and comfortable. The hotel staff are exceptionally young, and I worried at times that no grown-up was in charge. The doorman is a relaxed guy who occasionally opens the door and handles the bags. The hotel is quite old, so the rooms are smaller than in newer hotels. In fact, I was unable to open the door to my minibar since it was stopped by the edge of the king sized bed. This was probably a good thing. I was amused to find The Teachings of Buddha in the night table along with the Bible. Perhaps this is standard in San Francisco? Every evening they offer complementary wine in the lobby and in the morning they offer excellent coffee. Best of all, they have available in the lobby free access to two computers with high speed internet access and a printer. I was able to print out my boarding pass before I left for the airport. If you like a well situated very unpretentious hotel you will probably enjoy this one.   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>stay away!!!! My husband and I stayed here on business December 12-15th. This hotel was by far the worst hotel I have stayed in. The rooms are very tiny and outdated. The beds are advertised as queen size but are quite small. At 2:30 am every morning we would here the trash pick up and loud beeping sounds. One of the two elevators was not available and the other was so slow that we had to hike up five flights of stairs. This area has a lot of bums and they are very aggresive. The only bright spot in the hotel was the friendly housekeeping personnel.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>elkejames
<Content>Disappointed; not as nice at the Argonaut The doorman seemed confused which resulted in a 10 minute ordeal trying to get our car picked up by valet and assistance with out luggage. The doorman actually let the heavy front glass door close on me! The desk clerks were nice but not overly friendly. The friendliest person was the housekeeper who did a fine job with room cleanliness. The free wine hour was great but the lobby was overcrowded with people due to lack of chairs. The elevator's limit was 4 people, however, most people didn't abide by this and crowded in anyways (we took the 4 flights of stairs when this happened). The rooms: the bed was very small (short in height and length), the bedspreads were thin, the wallpaper in the bathroom was peeling and a tile was missing; the bathroom mirror was tarnished; at 9:15pm on a Sunday night, I heard a trashtruck beeping and dumping trash outside my window. The hotel guest book stated the restaurant was not open on Sundays, so we took skipped breakfast. However, upon passing the restaurant, we discovered they were now serving brunch! On Monday morning, we attempted to eat at the restaurant and found it closed......a restaurant employee apologized and said they had a late night and would be open in 10 min......we were in a hurry, so we ate up the street instead. We will not stay here again. It was a step up from a Motel 6. We were looking for a nice full service hotel and this was not one.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>VeniceLE
<Content>Solid choice in Downtown I visited the City for Thanksgiving and finished my holiday shopping while staying at the Galleria Park. The location was excellent for downtown shopping and dining. The room, although small, was cleaned and well-maintained. The staff was mostly pleasant (one desk clerk was quirky). A previous reviewer was underwhelmed by Perry's, the restaurant in the building. I'd have to agree, but I recommend the Perry's that's on Union Street. Parking was the usual steep $30.00/day (plus tax!). Overall, the hotel is very nice, and I look forward to visiting other Kimpton hotels.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>omoshiroi
<Content>Good location, great service We spent 4 nights here in mid-November and had an excellent experience. I've stayed in six or seven hotels in SF and this ranks with the top of the boutiques. The service was excellent and the rooms very comfortable. Join the Kimpton frequent stay club (forget what it's called) and get a free daily paper and personalized treatment. the hotel is close to Chinatown, Union Square, and the Embarcadero. Even better it is only a block and a half from the Montgomery St. BART station and thus only about 40 minutes total from SFO or OAK. Skip the breakfast coffee for the many bakeries in the area (but not the one right next door) but the wine hour (5:30-6:30) is definitely worthwhile.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NW
<Content>I was very pleased! I stayed at the Galleria Park for a week on a work trip to San Francisco and greatly enjoyed my stay. My interior room was extremely quiet, and I found the hotel very clean, even compared to more expensive hotels. The staff was extremely friendly and accommodating -- one of the best hotel staffs I've ever encountered. Yes, the hotel is a little worn around the edges, but I appreciated that some of its aged charm has been retained and that it's not a cookie-cutter big chain hotel. I also enjoyed eating at Perry's, next door to the Galleria. I will strongly recommend the Galleria Park to my workmates and to anyone else traveling to San Francisco.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Bailey2004
<Content>Recent visit to Galleria Park, check out November 15 You cannot beat the location of this hotel. The staff was very friendly and responsive. The hotel limo/cab and added bonus. You cannot beat the location, nice linens, Aveda products, coffee and newspaper every day and the evening wine reception to chat and mingle. Even the in room honor bar prices were not horrid Yes, this is a small boutique hotel and some areas may be worn, but cannot beat the value and location. My room was facing the street (wanted the city experience) and was okay. Also, the room was very clean. Very important!! The major hotels are still striking and quite noisy 24/7 and this hotel is located away from the major ones, but yet close to everything. That includes Union Square, the cable cars, Market St, SFMOMA. If you want the big hotel amenities then go to a big hotel and cross the picket lines. This hotel fit the bill nicely for a long weekend in SF.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst hotel ever The hotel was small, old and dirty. I could not wait to check out  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>oopsie-daisy
<Content>I thoroughly enjoyed the stay We reserved our room through a blind website. We really liked the hotel. The location was excellent - we were able to walk a lot of places instead of cabbing it. I've stayed in a few boutique hotels and this was among the better ones. Of course, there was one staff member (didn't get his name) who was really good at telling us about SF and how to get places and where to eat, and he made the experience even better. The rooms are small, like most old renovated hotels, but the rooms were nice, clean and well stocked. One problem was the elevators (not stopping at the right floor or stopping in the basement and not moving again) but I heard someone mention they were being worked on soon. I would still definitely recommend this as a good place to stay.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hannahfettig
<Content>Wonderfully Surprised My husband and I stayed at the Galleria Park, concluding a road trip from Montana, to Seattle, and down the PCH. It was a perfect place to finish our trip. The lobby, the room, even the lift, were all charming. Complimentary wine in the evening, very comfortable beds. We plan to return to San Francisco, largely based on our time at this hotel! Highly recommend.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Above average hotel This is a pleasant place to rest your head for a night or two in San Francisco, but I might recommend elsewhere for a longer stay, or a special vacation. The hotel is small, but clean and comfortable. Rooms are also small (but that is how many SF boutique hotels are) but feel nicer than an average hotel with some extra amenities, such as Aveda shampoo products, soft sheets, and down pillows. Although other posts have mentioned noise, I didn't hear any from our interior, courtyard room. However, I noticed more than normal wear and tear on the hotel--- in the room, especially. Staff was courteous for the most part.Outside the hotel is a shopping area. There are some nice stores and Union Square is only a few blocks away. The area is safe.I stayed also at Villa Florence during my trip. I would recommend Villa Florence over this boutique hotel, for a more elegant atmosphere and better location.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Galleria Park: Small, but not special. The Galleria Park Hotel in San Francisco has the advantage of a small hotel, but did not quite impress me with its quality. The staff was very curteous and helpful, but the small lobby quickly became crowded during the evening wine receptions. The room with 2 doubles and 27 inch TV and honor bar was decorated nicely, but the bath was too small, and shower was designed for someone 5ft tall, not 6ft. Several marks were noticed on the wall, as well as a broken curtain rod. The area which the hotel is in is primarily a business/shopping district, with Union Square restaurants being several blocks west, another disadvantage. I noticed some reviews mentioned noise problems, but we were on the 7th floor facing an office building and this was not a problem. Overall, the hotel was nice, but there are better options for the same price.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2004
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>PleaseDont
<Content>A very comfortable, quiet, friendly place   showReview(2303261, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great find!   showReview(2221934, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great staff comfortable room!   showReview(1651400, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent but for one thing.   showReview(1555617, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel   showReview(1428137, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Location and Personalized Service at the Galleria   showReview(1383996, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mollyjacobsluxury
<Content>Loved The Galleria...Kimpton Boutique Hotel   showReview(1378031, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Single48
<Content>Would return in a heartbeat!   showReview(1212715, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent   showReview(1140398, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bait and Switch   showReview(661119, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr zu empfehlen   showReview(18532141, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>marlyse5
<Content>BESOIN DE RIEN..... NO PROBLEM   showReview(17460533, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	4	2	2	3	

<Author>marlyse3
<Content>besoin de rien... no problem   showReview(17459885, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	5	4	2	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un peu d茅fraichit   showReview(17434261, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>渚垮埄銇儧銉嗐儷銇с仚鈾?#x201d;   showReview(19171613, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儯銉儶銈儜銉笺偗銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19169344, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Une excellente adresse au coeur de San Francisco   showReview(13195516, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11305414, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>璨枫亜鐗┿伀銇欍仈銇忋亜銇勶紒   showReview(19165085, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Volltreffer mitten drin   showReview(11422057, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

