<Author>KUKUI123
<Content>Do not stay at private units at Aqua Aloha Surf  Aloha Surf Hotel Unit #317This is for the private rental rooms in this hotel.I would not recommend staying here because the space is too small, the bathroom almost did not have a door, there is no exhaust fan for humidity in the bathroom, the room smelled of dampness the whole time we were there. There is no room to walk for 2 people without bumping into each other. Especially would not recommend renting the private unit 317 because the hotel does not have anything to do with the rental and the room is not cleaned on a daily basis and the room is not even maintained well. FYI- The furniture is old and the shower curtain was smelly too but was changed for us. There is rust in the room by the lock box and overall it鈥檚 not a good place to be when you are on vacation. Please save your money. I booked the room for 10 days but left the room in 4 days and didn鈥檛 even care if I got the rest of the money back or not (the room was so bad). I also killed a roach in the room.Aloha Surf Hotel Unit #317  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>1bob
<Content>Average Booking through Hotwire, I expected a less desirable room and that's what I got. The rooms on the 3rd floor are fairly small and do not have balconies or views. The room was very clean however, and everything was in working order. The free wired internet was fantastic and much better than the wi-fi you normally find in hotels. The free safe, refrig, microwave, coffee maker, coffee, newspaper, LCD TV,etc. made up for the room. Although the hotel was renovated a few years ago somehow they managed to retain the shabby appearance. The room furnishings were disproportionately large for the size of the room and featured lots of drawers and shelves but not a desk nor writing area and not even a chair! Yes, they have a bowl of apples at the front desk and give you bottles of cold water upon check-in. Most of the staff was extremely nice although the person who checked me in (Ms. Sina) was efficient and professional but lacked the aloha spiriti. All in all, this is a good choice if you're looking for a budget hotel.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	-1	5	

<Author>skydiverbrian
<Content>A good deal in Honolulu       view from my room  
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	5	5	

<Author>Jodellefitzh20
<Content>Aqua Aloha had me at hello... My girlfriend and I had our girlfriend getaway week at the Aqua Aloha Surf and Spa and it was great! Upon check-in the apples and the water are a welcome treat, the bar always had football on for me to check the scores of my Chicago Bears (Go Bears!), the free continental breakfast was swell, the free newspaper was a welcome treat to read at the beach daily, the room was small but cozy and very clean, the beds were comfy, the staff was friendly and helpful, and the beach and shopping and dining is all a quick walk away. Now, for fine print: if you want to pay $20 a day to park here, go ahead, but if you drive around the block slowly a few times you can find FREE parking along the sides of the road. All along Ala Wai street which is the street that backs up to the hotel has free parking everyday all day long if you can find a spot. Just drive slow and stalk people who look like they are walking to their cars! We never paid for parking all 5 days we were there! Then once there, walk next door to the food pantry and buy some lunch stuff that you can make your lunch each day, and that way you get breakfast for free, pack a picnic lunch for the beach, and dinner will be the only meal you have to pay for! You can do Hawaii on a budget you just have to be smart about it. Speaking of eating: YOU HAVE TO EAT AT THE YARDHOUSE FOR DINNER ONE NIGHT! IT'S SOME OF THE BEST FOOD I'VE EVER EATEN. Most important: if you are only planning on staying in honolulu and waikiki you are missing the real Hawaii. Take a trip less than an hour away up to North Shore and experience paradise at Waimea Bay - it's awe-inspiring. Enjoy all that Hawaii has to offer and breathe in the smell of fresh plumerias!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ellysan1
<Content>Great 5-Star Old Hawaii Hospitality Gem That's A Super Bargain Last month we went to Hawaii for the first time for our daughter's Wedding. We needed an inexpensive place to stay several days before all the guests showed up for the Wedding hotel. I read about all the Aqua Boutique Hotels on-line and read the various reviews. When I found an incredible deal for the Aloha Surf, centrally located near the beach, that included free high speed Internet and continental breakfast, I couldn't pass it up. When my daughter heard about the deal, she had me book her a room too. That really put pressure on me since she lives in Japan. So, when we arrived at the Aloha Surf we were totally shocked that it was not rated as a 5-Star Hotel.It was super, super clean. The lobby was understated and beautiful. The staff could not do enough for us. They made you feel that you were a guest in their home and not a wallet to extract every cent. The room had everything that was advertised including a private lanai.I would have liked a desk in the room which would have made it more convenient for me to work. I needed an Ethernet cable to connect. The front desk simply handed it to me and asked if there was anything else I needed. The continental breakfast was better than most and was a great way to start the day without a hassle or an expense. Parking in their lot was convenient and less expensive than other hotels. My daughter was very pleased with everything at the Aloha Surf. Our biggest regret was that we had to leave the Aloha Surf and move to the clip joint down the block that was the wedding hotel. Anyone who is looking for more bang for their buck- and in these times who isn't- should definitely stay at the Aloha Surf  Spa Boutique Hotel. You will have the experience of Old Hawaiian hospitality in a technically up-to-date setting. Mahalo Aloha Surf!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RelaxedIndiana
<Content>Nice for the price This is a nice hotel for the location. Only takes a couple minutes to walk to the beach and then all along the Waikiki strip for food and shopping. This is the perfect place for the person wanting a nice clean place to stay when you are not planning on spending much time in the room. Which I think is most people going to Oahu. The rooms are nice and clean, but a little small. The parking was a little steep at $20/day and not being on the beach, but what do you do. Overall, I would say stay here if you are on a budget and an up-scale hotel is not the most important part of your vacation.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>cmac021
<Content>Excellent Stay Just returned from an excellent stay at Aqua Aloha Surf.The location was perfect. About 2-3 Blocks from Waikiki Beach. Lots of good restaurants within a 5 minute walk, the bus stop was 1 block away.Staff at the hotel was very friendly and always willing to help.Many people at the hotel were complaining about the noise level in rooms, but we didn't have a problem at all. Our room was facing the street and heard the garbage truck in the morning, but it was nothing a good set of ear plugs couldn't fix.Overall I would recommend this place. The location and the staff make this place awesome!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>nyctraveler300
<Content>Great location, great value       View from balcony  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>BigfamilyLosAngeles
<Content>Great Location, Great Staff, Great Price.... Great Location, great staff and very comfortable rooms. Will be back again, often.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>teamwingnut
<Content>Definitely worth more than I paid for I'd read prior reviews about this property, and felt a bit of trepidation and what I might encounter during my stay. It turned out my anxiety was groundless...The Pros: 1) Located in the heart of Waikiki, within walking distance to a LOT. 2) The bellhop was quick to offer his assistance. 3) The front desk staffer had us checked in within minutes; the complimentary bottles of water on check-in and the free apples were a really nice touch. 4) The hotel's a bit on the small side, but the elevator is centrally located, so the walk, even from the basement parking spots to the room, wasn't that far. 5) Though on the small side, the room was clean and well-appointed; the sofa, microwave, refrigerator, dishes and eating utensils made it feel like a junior suite. We were able to save some money on food by purchasing microwaveable meals or bringing back leftovers to reheat later. 6) The queen and twin beds and the sofa would sleep four adults easily (though there were only two of us during our stay). 7) Free internet (see cons below as well). 8) Our housekeeper was friendly and efficient. 9) When we had a problem with our TV remote, we mentioned it to a passing maintenance worker and he fixed the problem within 10 minutes. 10) When we had a problem with our neighbors smoking on their balcony (see cons below), one call to the front desk resolved the situation.The Cons: 1) The (lack of) parking--Waikiki parking in general is a nightmare; had I not called ahead and reserved one of the hotel's parking spaces, I'd have had to resort to street parking or finding a lot. At the tune of $20 a day, the parking was a bit pricey, but it was worth not having to worry about trying to find parking, and the walk to the room was short. 2) The window-unit air conditioner was a bit lacking in performance, especially since our room faced the west, and heated up during the afternoon. 3) Though the hotel is a non-smoking property, the couple in the next room, upwind from us, were out on their balcony puffing away. I called the front desk and was told that clients were told they could smoke on their balconies as long as they kept the smoke from going back into their room. The smoke from that couple was making its way into our room through the glass-louver windows and exacerbating my friend's asthma. One call to the front desk fixed the problem, though (see pros above). 4) Internet access was wireless only in the lobby and by the pool. In the room, internet access was wired, and the cable provided by the front desk were a bit short, which turned our room into a kind of steeple-chase arrangement, with us stepping over the cable to get around the room.Obviously, the pros FAR outweighed the cons, and I'd definitely recommend this property.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MCB122
<Content>Good, reasonable no frills hotel in Waikiki       Aloha Surf and Spa room balcony  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>LFPtraveller
<Content>Not fantastic but good for the price My daughter and I went for a quick four day trip to the Waikiki area and were looking for a cheap place to stay that was in a safe area. I read someone's review saying the walk back to the hotel was through an iffy area but I didn't find that to be the case at all. The room was a little on the noisy side due to the louvered windows especially in the morning when the the garbage trucks are around.The staff people were very helpful except perhaps for the man at the breakfast area who told me that I couldn't use a large plate that I brought from the room to bring a couple slices of toast and some fruit back to the room. I guess there are people who come in and walk out with half the loaf of bread!! Really, there wasn't that much for me to want to walk out with. It was very basic.But all in all it was a good place to stay for the price.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>sukhwani2003
<Content>Great Hotel This hotel is located in the heart of Honolulu, HI. It is in walking distance of the famous Waikiki Beach , shopping and dining areas. Moderately price compared to $400.00 plus charges at sorrounding hotels.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kargg
<Content>Fair hotel. Had some problems, though The hotel was clean--I will give them that. The air conditioner was difficult to find, but finally did and got it to working. It did a good job cooling the room.Unfortunately, there was NO dresser whatsoever in the room. Also, the bed had to have been built over a large stone, as there was NO give in the mattress at all! Hard as a rock!! There was also--inexplicably--a very small curtain (?) in between the bed and the little table next to it. Very annoying, as it made it difficult to get to the lamp and the alarm clock (which wasn't even plugged in.) The curtain was anchored both on the ceiling AND the floor, so there was NO moving it whatsoever. Have no idea what it was there for.At least there was a fridge and a safe. The fridge was small, but adequate. The safe was fairly old, but did the job. It was locked with a key which we had to take with us anytime we were out of the room.The size of the room really didn't bother me--though it was very small--since we spent only time sleeping in it. (After all, if you want to spend your time in Hawaii in your room, why go?) The room service was okay. The bed was made every day, though the glasses that were provided were not replaced very often. The best part of the room, however, was the balcony. There was, unfortunately, very little view of the ocean. Just mainly the city. However, the cool breeze did make it decent.The hotel was about a block or two from the ocean, so it was pretty easy to get to.The staff in the lobby was pretty friendly, though one manager had told us that the elevators were turned off at 6:30pm every night 'for security'. That, to me, was pretty stupid. There are locks on every door, accessed only by an electronic room key. However, except for that first night, we never saw that manager again and the elevator worked past 6:30 the rest of the time.The breakfast wasn't great, but it also wasn't bad. At least it saved money having to buy breakfast every day. Showing our room key wasn't a big deal for us. After all, they had to make sure that not just anyone could access it. Also, except for the first day, we never had to show our room key again when going to breakfast. We had toast, biscuits, fruit (pineapple, apples and just once--oranges). Plus juice and coffee. Not a bad breakfast.We didn't notice any bugs at all.Parking, however, was a different story. I know there is a lack of space, but THIS was ridiculous. Parking downstairs, it took two of us to park the car, because there was VERY little space to maneuver. Do NOT bring anything bigger than a compact car down here, or you will be in trouble!There was another parking lot at ground level and we were told that if all the spaces were used up, to let them know and they would get us a spot. They have some spots blocked off and reserved just for this. They guarantee a spot for you. Maybe not a great spot, but they guarantee you a spot.Doubt we would rebook at this hotel, though. There were just too many annoyances to make us go back. If you want cheap, this is that, but not really a lot to recommend it much. BEWARE THE BED!!!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Dulles_flyer
<Content>Nice Hotel for the price I stayed at the Aqua Aloha Surf for three nights and it was just fine. Pros: the price was right. The location was good enough. The room was clean and I liked sitting on the balcony at night. Cons: the free breakfast was too crowded. There were only two toasters. One had show the room key to eat. No WiFi, instead it's cables they give you at check in. Over all, I would stay again the price of $256 for three night.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>AzFlyMom
<Content>Best Budget Hotel I have ever stayed in So happy to find this hotel located in the center of Waikiki. I have stayed in about 10 different hotels in Waikiki over the years and this was the best buy. The rooms were decorated nicely. Furniture and tub needed updating but this is a budget hotel. Updating things raises the prices usually. Everything was clean. Staff was very nice. Breakfast good although only open one hour. Lobby, breakfast area, pool, exercise equipment nicer than you would find at a normal budget hotel. Complaints about noise are ridiculous. You are in the middle of Waikiki....all hotels hear the same noise of garbage trucks, parties etc. If you wantt a quiet location, don't stay in Waikiki. I am a flight attendant and stay in hotels all over so I know what is out there and recognize a good deal. I will stay here next visit and will feel lucky if a room is available for the price I paid.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rainelp
<Content>Ok, but some problems My husband and I booked our stay for a week in September, but endeded up transferring hotels. From it's outward appearance, the hotel lobby looks quite hip and upscale. The employees at the front desk are quite helpful. We had booked a deluxe room.We got to our room, and it was dark and not to mention HOT. At first I wasnt sure where the air conditioning unit was located, then I found a small remote next to the tv, and realized that the A/C units was one of those old types that stick out of the window. it took me a few tries before I could figure out how to work it, and when I finally did, the room did not reach the cooler temp I was hoping for.After checking in, my husband and I stepped out to grab a bite to eat at King's Village then headed back to our hotel. The walk back, by the way may be a little on the iffy side - as it's quite dark, and passes by an open parking lot.When we got back to the hotel, I went into the bathroom, and I saw something crawling on the bathroom door - to say the least it was a form of a bug. I then noticed as I was washing my hands, that there were tiny insects crawling around the vanity counter. I had had enough.The following day, I called our vacation company and asked to be transferred to the Aqua - a much nicer Aqua property. They helped mediate the situation, and it was a smooth transition.The hotel would have been ok if it weren't for the bugs and the a/c. Ok, I know its a tropical island, and bugs are everywhere, but hey... for the money you pay, you should expect not to have bugs bothering you in your hotel room.Despite this, the location was convenient, next to hotels, shopping areas, and the convenience store. Unfornately, this is not enough to get me to stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	3	3	3	

<Author>lilkim9955
<Content>Great Stay My husband and I stayed at this hotel from August 29-September 3rd. This hotel is a very nice hotel. Our room was small but very clean and updated. We didn't need a big room since we were not there very often. The staff is very friendly and the breakfast was had a variety of food to start your day off. A big complaint that I see about this hotel is the noise. I do agree that you do hear the noise from outside the hotel at all hours of the day however after we stayed at this hotel we moved to a family member's place that lives in Hawaii and I have to say, the noise problem was the same there. So I don't think it's this specific hotel that is noisy I think it's just the area in general. I enjoyed my stay here!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>heids88
<Content>Great hotel but noisy We stayed in this hotel in August at the start of a big trip around the world. Check in is generally not until 3pm but we managed to get in just after 2pm. The complimentary bottles of water provided at that point were a nice touch. Our room was located on the 7th floor, on the same side as the hotel entrance, facing the street. There are two lifts, and generally, we never had to wait long for a lift. The rooms were clean, and tidied every day (although the sheets are not automatically changed every day). There is free internet access in the rooms (reception can loan you a cable) or free Wi-Fi in certain parts of the hotel. Phone calls to local and toll free numbers are free from your room phone. The rooms are air conditioned, have coffee making facilities, a bar fridge, safe, bathrobes, and bath products. The hotel is also conveniently located near ABC Stores (like 7-11 but with clothes etc) and Food Pantry (supermarket), and is close to Waikiki Beach and the shops. The continental breakfast (muffins, fruit, juice, coffee, toast, croissants) was more than adequate. The only thing I can really fault about this hotel is that the rooms are not soundproof, and the windows are just glass louvers, so the noise comes straight in. You can hear people talking outside your room (although this wasn't a big issue), as well as the traffic on the road (this was more the issue). Noise from the traffic continues through the night (although eases a little) and construction work started early (around 5-ish) so you get woken up by sirens, traffic, trucks reversing, etc). Being light sleepers, we had earplugs in and it was still noisy. I'm not sure whether there are 'better' rooms in the hotel for noise, or whether it was because we are light sleepers. Aside from the noise, I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mint_buds
<Content>Great Boutique Hotel; nice rooms, a little noisy       view of city; direction of waikiki beach  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>kimmy1965reefer
<Content>Coundn't have been more pleased... We booked our trip on a package deal and had no idea what to expect. There were 6 of us with 3 different rooms. We were all very pleased. The staff was friendly, the rooms were clean, the whole atmosphere was calm and relaxed. We had a cool view of the city to the front, the mountains to the left and the beach to the right. We would definately stay again. Do be wary of the parking in Waikiki as I have never seen a city so tow happy in my entire life. We watched tow truck after tow truck haul cars away and we got ours towed on the last day due to streetsweeping. Vinh at t he aqua was very helpful in tracking our car down for us and kept us calm. The Aqua is close to downtown nightlife and Waikiki beach so a person could get by without a rental car if had be. We'll be back!!!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JennRoberts
<Content>Great hotel Since I'm one of those who loves to read detailed reviews about hotels before I stay in them I figured I have to write one too. I sayed here for a week aug 11-19th with my b/f and the hotel was great. We stayed in the smallest, standard room and it was totally fine. Whoever complains about the size obv. needs more space than really needed. We had more than enuff space for all our luggage and stuff. The only complaint is the small shower. My boyfriend is 62 and had to bend down to wash his hair. Me being 52 had no problem. Fridge came in handy for drinks and stuff we bought. Microwave/ coffee maker were clean didnt use them. Always saw the cleaning crew on our floor so hotel was well kept. Tuesdays they have free drinks in the lobby and free 5 min massages.Breakfast: Toast (whole wheat  white), mini bagels, cream cheese, butter, 3 types of muffins (butterloaf is the best, also had chocolate and blueberry), fruit (pineapple, bananas or oranges and always apples), coffee, tea, juice, oatmeal.Location: Main strip is Kalakaua Ave which is where Moana Surfrider (very $$$ hotel)  Outrigger are located. Aloha Surf was only a couple blocks away, maybe a 5 mins walk. So you know this was a great location. Right by the beach, restaraunts , stores (gucci, prada, fendi, louis vutton, juicy, rolex...) Bus stop is right at the corner of Aloha Surf (Kuhio ave). A tip if you're planning on taking the bus is print out the time tables b/c they're not listed at the stop. Just go to www.thebus.org and it even tells you what buses to take to popular locations. Shuttles are always available thru the hotel and flyers/attraction booklets which are more $ than the $2 bus sometimes worth it minus the hassle of waiting for the bus and just getting picked up. We personally took the bus to sea life park  Hanauma bay. (22, 23, 42 are popular bus routes for these places including pearl harbor) There are ABC stores every 30 feet literally so if you 4got anything dont worry, its basically like a CVS or Walgreens.Dining: Many local places to eat near by like subway, kfc, cheesecake factory, planet hollywood...hard rock cafe is a 25 mins walk away (1.25 miles) in a kinda run down area so stick to the main strip. Our favorite restuarant is Tiki Bar  Grill. If you go you have to order the edemame and mac encrusted mahi mahi it was so good we ate there 3 outta 8 nights! It's on Kalakaua Ave so its pretty close (10-15min walk). Walk outta the hotel and when u get to Kalakaua make a left n jus go straight til you see it and all the tiki torches. (very pretty at night). All in all it was a great stay, great location, friendly staff were very helpful booking things to do but i would say they dont give any discount since they work thru expedia so if you just look thru attraction booklets or walk in the street people hand out fleyer for cheaper attractions. Def. would stay here again!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>Sunkissedlovers
<Content>Depends on what side of the building you are on.....       Marshmallows anyone?  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>retrovertigo
<Content>Great budget hotel - But not perfect I have to start by saying that due to the nature of my work coupled with my own personal travel, I tend to stay at a fair amount of hotels all over the world. They range anywhere from a 5 star to a private room in a hostel. If something piques my interest, I will give it a try. You never know, I have had great stays at very cheap places and had poor stays at overpriced resorts. I had been reading some about Aqua Resorts and decided to give them a try. The Aqua Aloha had a small suite with a separate bedroom which was perfect for myself, my friend, and her 14 year old daughter. At $169 a night with the fifth night free, not a bad deal. I booked for 5 nights but ended up checking out after 3.I'll start off with the reason for my early departure. I originally had no intention of getting a vehicle. The next day I was speaking with the lady who helps book activities and tours and such. She kept trying to get me to pay for the overpriced transportation that was available for things such as the Polynesian Cultural Center, The Marine Park, Etc. I told her I would just rent a car. No mention whatsoever of any possible problems with parking capacity. Well, after a long day of driving around the island, hitting the Polynesian Cultural Center and the luau and show, we got back around 11 PM and were tired. My friend went in to see how the parking worked and came back out with a map she was given. We were told the garage was full and we would have to park at another property a few blocks away. I wasn't happy about this but tried finding it anyway. After a short while of driving around and not finding it, I came back. I told them this was unacceptable as I didn't book a room at another hotel and I wasn't parking at another hotel. Plus the fact that I didn't feel like walking a 14 year old girl past the hookers and drunken partiers in between. Don't get me wrong, the area is a bit sketchy but I have never felt unsafe there. I just didn't think she needed to see it. Anyway, I was told by the lady at the desk my only other alternative was the pay lot next to the hotel (or street parking of which there was none). I would have to move the car at 7 AM though. So I go over and park, pay the $10, place the receipt on the dash just like the car next to me. The only problem was that the lot is used for 3 purposes. There is restaurant parking and there are spots numbered for the paid parking, which is also available to Food Pantry grocery customers for an hour for free while shopping. I was tired and it is not so clearly marked that you have to watch where you park as even though it is one big lot, not all parking is open. Of course I get up the next morning and the car is gone. And of course I clearly see then the sign where I parked stating it was the restaurant parking. I have since come to find out that this is a common mistake, so I can only believe it is more profitable to tow cars then to put up signs where you pay cautioning people where to park. But, for all of this I can only fault myself and not the hotel in any way. My problem with the hotel is that they advertise on-site parking. They need to add a disclaimer stating: We Do Not Have Near Adequate Enough Parking For The Amount Of People Our Hotel Can Hold And You May Be Required To Park At Another One Of Our Properties Yet Still Be Expected To Pay Full Price But Get A Lovely Late Night Tour Complete With Hookers And Drunk Partiers. Incidentally, even in the parking lot from which I was towed there were a bunch of kids hanging out and getting drunk. I wasn't too concerned for the car as I had rented off of my corporate account which includes the damage waiver. How was I to know they would be the least of my worries?I was pretty annoyed the next morning and promptly checked out after taking a taxi to the tow yard. The staff knew I was irritated and were very good about the whole thing. I expected to end up paying for the entire 5 nights that I booked but was only charged for the 3 that I stayed. I ended up at the Hilton Hawaiian Village for the remaining 2 nights. Unlike a previous reviewer who complained about the Aqua Aloha not being up to her standards then tried to compare the two, a word of advice. You can't try and compare a 5 star resort to a budget hotel. It's like complaining to Ford that your Fiesta doesn't perform like a Porsche. It's apples and oranges and only shows ignorance and arrogance. The reason I went there was that I am a Hilton Honors Diamond member and it was easier to call their reservation desk then spend the morning on the internet or calling different places for a room. Plus I had never stayed there and it looked cool. So, a little about the hotel itself. It does try and come off a bit more upscale then it actually is. It's a decently refurbished older hotel. It is probably one of the nicest budget hotels I have ever stayed in, in the U.S. For the price I paid, the room I was given was excellent. It was big enough for our needs and clean. We had a corner unit on the top floor which gave us a nice sized lanai with a great city view. The only complaint was from the kid saying that the sofa bed was springy and uncomfortable. Quite frankly I don't think I have ever run across a sofa bed that wasn't. Oh, and the ice machine is next to the pool, which really sucks when you are the 16th floor and want ice. Glad we brought t he kid along.The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. I didn't have to deal with them too much, but when I did I was never disappointed (oh yea, except for that whole parking thing). The breakfast was OK. Fruit, pastries, bread, and juice. Nothing to write home about, but filling. I was actually a bit surprised when they asked to see my room key, as I couldn't imagine anyone sneaking into it. We actually only ate there 1 day, and the only bad thing was trying to find a place to sit.Everything said, it is a good value for the money if you are looking to do things on a budget. Clean rooms at a decent price and a friendly, helpful staff. I would never steer anyone away from there. I won't be returning. My ex-wife once said that I could be petty and hold a grudge even when my problems were mostly of my own doing. Guess she was right. Wow, who knew?  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	3	5	4	5	2	

<Author>sombrafaro
<Content>Great stay I had a really nice one night stay. It was very close to everything and the staff was really great. It was wonderful to be greeted with a cold bottle of water and a smile. The room was cute and and clean. I liked the soft robes the left me in the closet. Also, it was quite affordable but didn't feel cheap. Thank You  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>JTAstros
<Content>Good Value I booked this place based on reviews here and hotels.com and I basically got what I expected. The location is very good, within walking distance to most you want to do in Waikiki, we did not even bother getting a car. I did hear some people complaining about the parking situation at the front desk, so I'm glad I didn't have one. The internet was free (not wireless though) and the breakfast was okay (fruits and breads). The staff was very polite and helpful with everything. The roomsize was on the small size, but as one would expect. Really my biggest complaint is the street noise. The hotel doesn't have big solid windows, they have those slit windows where a bunch of small slits of glass make up a window. So the noise just comes right through there, even when it was closed. It was fine at night for the most part but I often was woken up early in the morning by the sounds of a garbage truck. Other than that, I was pleased and would stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>bealine
<Content>Absolutely Brilliant - Just Wish Our Stay Had Been Longer!       The Bus and the ABC Store mentioned.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IngaSweden
<Content>Best price, best room, good location, ok breakfast       Second half of room  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CaliforniaGirl22
<Content>Aqua Aloha Surf - Perfect for Me I received a great rate for my room (my family and I had the largest room they have) and it comfortably slept 4 adults and 1 child. Two adults shared a bed, the child slept in the other bed, and two adults shared the couch that pulls out into a bed. Although the beds were not the most comfortable I have ever slept on, you can't expect 700 thread count Egyptian cotton sheets from a modest hotel. My family just needed a place to sleep at night, we had no intention of hanging out in the hotel room. The lanai (balcony) was great for hang drying beach towels, wetsuits, etc. but a little small for much else. We definitely used the kitchen area. Some days we heated up food in the microwave and we made use of the fridge/freezer every day we were there. The bathroom size was as expected for a no frills hotel. The room itself was immaculately clean and the free internet service was terrific! Our maid cleaned the room above and beyond expectations every day we were there. The hotel even gave us a great rate for a hotel room for half the day so we could shower after a day at the beach before we got on our plane home at 10pm. The people at the front desk were more than friendly and helped with anything we needed. The hotel is just a short walk to the beach and has an ABC store at the corner. There was not a noise problem when my family was there, even when the trash truck came for the dumpsters around the back of the hotel. The open lobby was delightful for enjoying a cocktail (the hotel doesn't mind as long as it's in a cup and the free cocktail hour provided by the hotel was very nice. Everyone in my group felt the continental breakfast was the perfect variety of food. They had 3 different juices, various fruits, danishes, muffins, and pastries. It is better than most continental breakfasts at other hotels. There are complaints on here regarding it, but it is important to remember it is a continental breakfast. That doesn't mean a whole spread of eggs, bacon, etc. I would gladly stay here again and probably will unless I can get a better deal or same as deal at a luxury hotel.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MaryBakerHollywood
<Content>Hate Aqua Hotels The Aqua Hotels advertising portray a very modern hip look. The rooms are okay but the locations of all of their hotels are scary. Don't stay there. We had to stay one night because our flight was delayed and we could not stay back at the Hilton Hawaiian Village. It was such a far cry from the quality at the Hilton.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	1	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Wehogirl
<Content>Great Stay at the Aqua Aloha I was a little worried about staying at the Aqua Aloha. However, the hotel exceeded my expectations. On the first day, from my room I saw a full and vivid rainbow, over Diamond Head. This hotel may not be one of the fanciest of places, but it isn't a dump. It is close to the beach and everything that a tourist, who favors Waikiki would want. In the past, I have stayed closer to the beach, but this hotel is an easy 5 minute walk to it. Continental breakfast was adequate-nothing spectacular. It was nice to have that included in the price of the hotel. Rooms, were on the small side, which really didn't matter, as I was sightseeing all the time. The bed was extremely comfortable and the air-conditioner worked well. The room had a coffee maker, small fridge and microwave. Balcony was useful for sitting out on and hanging out wet bathing suits and towels. The staff at the hotel is excellent, they are both friendly and professional.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Donza29
<Content>Great location!       Aqua Aloha Surf  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	1	2	3	

<Author>sleonmic
<Content>Great Staff at Aqua Aloha I was sent to Honolulu for a work seminar [lucky me!] and wanted to extend my stay for a few days. I booked the Aqua Aloha Surf through an online agency with a special offer. I found out just before my trip that my company made a mistake on the dates and was off by one day between hotel stays. Of course when you buya promotional offer through an online vendor there is no room for error. You can never reach them to resolve a mistake and they usually will not have the promotional rate any longer. It can be quite costly to fix this sort of mistake. I called the Aqua Aloha Surf directly this time and was very pleased with the service I received. Reservations resolved the problem to my satisfaction. I had some other questions so I called the front desk and spoke with Vinh who was pleasant and helpful. When I had a special request he transferred me to the the manager Jullian. Jullian was great and readily available. I was never given the run around that I have had at other hotels and he was very helpful and considerate. This was my first time using tripadvisor and I learned that some of the negative reviews have to be taken with a grain of salt. Complaints such as noise for example are common to all Waikiki hotels regardless of price. Aqua Aloha gave me options so that I could make my own decision as to what type of room would best suit my needs. I will be coming to Hawaii again soon with an elderly parent and will definately stay at the Aqua Aloha Surf and Spa Hotel as I know they will be attentive to our special needs. The locations is great and I enjoyed my stay Mahalo to the friendly staff and Aloha.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>bswee
<Content>Very decent hotel My stay at the Aloha Surf was very pleasant. Staff were very friendly which counts for so much. Check in was smooth and hassle-free. When we arrived at the room, it turned out that my travel agent had not requested the type of room I had specified. However, the front desk were very helpful with making new arrangements. The standard rooms themselves are maybe a little smaller than what I would consider normal, but very adequate for my purposes so that wasn't a problem. There is an ATM available in the lobby, but the machine will charge you $2.50 for a withdrawal. The only problem was the traffic noise outside the hotel. It was very loud at night and early morning. However, if you're not averse to wearing earplugs, problem solved.I would stay here again if I am lucky enough to return to Hawaii!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Aussie_beach_chick
<Content>Great and affordable After reading some of the reviews about this hotel I was a little worried that we would be staying there. But I have to say, I was pleasantly surprised. We were upgraded on check-in to a lovely spacious suite with a very comfortable king sized bed and a balcony with a view of the ocean and the mountains. The room was tastefully decorated and the staff were plesant. Like all buildings in Waikiki, it is on the older side and like alot of the buildings, the room has louvered windows. The hotel is well located, close to a supermarket, bus stops and only a short walk to the beach. We did have a couple of minor issues with the internet in our room and the toilet in the bathroom, but both these were fixed within half an hour of notifying the staff.The breakfast is buffet style, muffins, pastries, toast, fruit and bagels, but this was more than enough to keep us happy.One word of warning, you will get street noise. Having said this, you would get street noise no matter where you stay in Waikiki, it is a noisy place. The hotel is actually down one of the quieter streets you could stay on. I did't get woken once by the noise outside, but if you are a light sleeper, perhaps reconsider your stay in Waikiki.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>eshia01
<Content>Nice place to lay your head.. This budget hotel is good for its price, usually under $100/night. It is centrally located in Waikiki, so you can walk to the beach in about 5 minutes. The rooms are renovated with a modern look, each having a flat screen television. The rooms are a little small, but you're not going to be indoors most of the day anyways. The staff was friendly and helpful. When I checked in to my room. My window faced construction work on the front of hotel. I could literally see the workers walking past my window on their scaffold. When I asked to change my room, they apologized and upgraded me to the deluxe room. If you're going to make reservations, make sure you don't get the side where the constructions at. They will be at it for a couple of months. Parking is $15/day for your car rental, but that is the norm at most hotels. The biggest problem was the air conditioner, which would intermittently buzz loudly. I got use to it, but may bother others.I would definitely stay here again. Its a great deal for what you get. If you're trying to wine and dine a girl/guy or you're on your honeymoon, maybe staying on the beach would be a better choice.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>TriphopGirl
<Content>You can hear the traffic at night and the staff was unfriendly Don't believe the hype on how nice this hotel may be.This Hotel is soooo no frills and the pool is tiny. My home pool is bigger than this hotel's (which is really sad). The interior is cool and looks exactly like the pictures but it doesn't really entice you to hang out in the lobby. Plus a cool decor doesn't make up for the unfriendly staff or the loud noise you have to endure at night (from the traffic) or the morning garbage truck that will wake you up early in the morning. I stayed is a privately owned condo on the 6th floor that was OK but definitely no frills what's so ever. So I am not sure how the hotel rooms compare.I would not stay here again because of the noise (it kept me up all night) and I prefer nicer accommodations. If you are a student or are on a tight budget then this hotel is for you. But be warned this is really, really a budget hotel.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	2	1	

<Author>sj_indian_travel
<Content>Good hotel Good place. close to the waikiki beach and pretty close to good food and all the shopping. This is like the perfect location in Waikiki. It is also close to the H-1 (reasonably), so you can get out of Waikiki reasonably quickly.The rooms were decent (well decorated), but weirdly organized. Worth the money. the staff were friendly. got free continental breakfast everyday and they store your luggage on the day you vacate. (this was really nice, as you dont have to lug around with your baggage). My only complaint was the parking charges which was 18$ per day,, but that is the same across all properties in Waikiki.Tip: Rent a car and hit north shore. the place has a completely different vive than waikiki and is worth spending time  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>remeca1
<Content>Decent Hotel with Great Workers When you first walk in, the place looks great and exotic. The man working in the front desk was nice and gave me water. I needed that after a long plane ride. When I got in my room it still smelled like Windex since they just cleaned it, it kinda bothered me, but its okay...better smell than smoke or something. The staff was super nice, I had tons of questions and they always got to me with a smile at that and it seemed as they genuinelly wanted to answer my questions. Even at the end of my stay I forgot my phone and thank God one of the crew members advise he come upstairs with me to look, because he had his cell phone and if he didnt call it the same time I was up in the room, I would have never found it. It was under the blankets, but for the price we paid it was clean (WHICH IS IMPORTANT) and that they also gave us FREE INTERNET access which is SOOOOOOO important to me because I go to school online and it made my life and vacation at that so much easier to finish school work. I would definitely stay here again, please dont expect a Hilton or something, but its clean, up to date (asides the bath tub--but its Waikiki and we're in the islands, whats there to expect) and NICE STAFF. It's also close to the strip and I walked practically everywhere from that hotel. Definitely a night life all around and I felt safe. Parking can be a [--], but the staff will help you and are detailed when answering parking questions because they actually seem to care if you get a ticket or not. I would stay again...  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mack1975
<Content>Hated it I hated this hotel. I have stayed in other Waikiki hotels and found this to be poor value for money, even considering it is a budget hotel. The room was dingy, unclean and poorly maintained. The staff were rude, abrupt and not helpful at all. It seems that renovations have concentrated on making the foyer funky and bright but no attention has been paid to the rooms other than superficial stuff. I have nothing good to say about the hotel at all. Make your own decision, but I would never stay there again and never recommend it at all.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	3	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>tartanaussie
<Content>Highly recommend!       Matsumoto's famous shaved Ice  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	3	4	5	

<Author>Dianic
<Content>Nice Hotel for a Great Price We stayed at the Aqua Aloha Surf and Spa for two nights (26-28/4). Due to an early morning flight from Sydney we arrived at the hotel around 10am. Upon check-in we were informed that the room was not ready and to come back around 3pm. As we had signed up to receive the Aqua Resorts newsletter we had a voucher to receive a free upgrade and were given a deluxe partial city view room (we booked a superior room) for $84 per night + tax. We were both given free bottles of water and there were apples at the reception. We came back to the hotel just after 1pm and our room was ready. The room was nice and there was enough space for both of us to put our suitcases. Our room had a queen bed and sofa sleeper and a balcony. We were located on the 8th floor towards the back of the hotel. The room was quiet and both mornings we didn't hear garbage trucks or any other noise. There was a strange noise coming from the shower (sounded like it was in the pipes) but we reported it to the reception on our way out and it was fixed when we returned from dinner. The breakfast in the morning was complimentary and consisted of toast, bagels, jam, cream cheese, pastries, fruit and tea, coffee and juice. We found the breakfast to be filling and quite good. The reception area is nice with plenty of seating and a TV if waiting for a tour or to be picked up to return to the airport. The hotel has a swimming pool which we didn't use. The hotel provided complimentary beach towels so there was no need to bring your own. The front desk staff were friendly and we would be happy to stay here again.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>nctarheel06
<Content>Friendly staff and convenient location, but cleanliness is questionable We stayed at the Aqua Aloha Surf for 3 nights 4/28-5/30. The lobby is very welcoming and so was the front desk attendant. Providing two bottled waters was a nice treat. As people had forewarned, the parking garage was tiny and when we arrived, there were two spaces that had been reserved by phone, but unclaimed. He told me to check back in 30 minutes and if they were still unclaimed, he would give me a permit. He was nice enough to call the room 15 minutes later and inform me that I could have one of the spaces. If we didn't have a reserved space, I could see that parking would be very inconvenient and feel a little unsafe since the external parking is dark.The room itself is indeed tiny. We had reserved superior city view through expedia so it wasn't the smallest room, but I'd still say that it was definitely smaller than most hotel rooms that I've stayed in. The bathroom clearly needed renovations as it seemed like an old residential bathroom. It needed caulking and had rusty drain fixtures. I'd equate it to a dorm bathroom. It was also very cramped - there was a sliding bathroom door separating the toilet from the sink and the toilet paper was attached to the door. There was also a small closet that was separated by a curtain rather than a door. You could clearly hear outdoor noise alhough my husband is a sound sleeper and it didn't bother him. The walls are thin, however. When we were there, they had people from the junior USTA tennis league staying there and we heard them talking and laughing pretty late into the night. The only other complaint I have is that when I woke up to get a drink from the mini fridge, I saw a roach crawling along the wall directly adjacent to my son's pack n play. That was not comforting since I wondered the rest of the time if it would crawl into his bed or our suitcases. I also didn't feel comfortable walking on the carpet without shoes on.All-in-all, I'd say it was an okay place to stay, minus the roach. I'm surprised that it is ranked as #21 in popularity though by others(I'd rank it much lower and would consider it 2 stars). Here's a summary of the pros and cons.Positives: Staff are nice, free continental breakfast (though we ended up going to Keoni's after the first day as another reviewer had recommended -- EXCELLENT place for breakfast and much more satisfying!!), reasonable price, mini fridge and microwave are nice to have, very convenient to full grocery store and restaurants and shops, friendly front desk staff, free internet (they even loaned us a new cable at no charge when we forgot ours)Negatives: Not convenient walk to the beach when you have a child and are carrying things with you, bathroom needs updating, cramped quarters, bugs/cleanlinessAlso a note - while the front desk staff are nice, don't bother asking for advice from the Expedia Local Expert in the lobby. I purchased a Honolulu Power Pass from Expedia and thought it would be convenient to run some questions and gain insight from the Expedia local expert. Boy was I wrong, she was unfriendly and I'd say rude. I presented her with the list of activities included on the pass and she wasn't familiar with half of them and pretty much said she coudldn't help me because she didn't know what I was interested in. It was a complete waste of time and left me with a bad taste in my mouth. I went back to her a second time to ask another question and she was again, useless. Don't expect a friendly person who knows much about what to see and do in the area.  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	5	5	4	

<Author>thetraveller123
<Content>Great Value, Comfortable Accomodations It was clean and comfortable. The staff was VERY accomodating and helpful. The only downside is that the bed was uncomfortable (way too soft) and the continental breakfast was minimal. I would highly recommend this hotel. Good location, great value. Parking was a problem. They do not have enough parking for all the guests, so the first night we had to find alternative parking nearby.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>KiwiAusMelbourne
<Content>Above and Beyond The Call Of Duty We had 4 nights at the Aloha Surf and had been impressed with the standard of accommodation and level of customer service BUT it was on the last night that we were completely blown away and humbled by a wonderful example of 'human spirit' and kindness from the front desk staff that night. We had returned from a day tour to the north shore. While swimming at Waimea beach we had our back pack stolen, and with it all of our cash, credit cards, phones, watches, sun glasses, camera and clothes.We asked the front desk staff to book us the cheapest shuttle to the airport for the following morning as we were flying back to Australia the next day. We explained what had happend to us which was why we needed to book the cheapest shuttle possible.While we were waiting one of the staff took me aside and put some money into my hand. The staff had given us money from their own pocket to help us out. I explained that we had enough money on us to get to the airport and some food but he insisted we take it and they wouldn't take no for an answer. We were deeply moved by their generous and kind act. The fact that these people were prepared to help out complete strangers, really restored our faith in the human spirit. We thank them very much and we fully recommend a stay at the Aloha Surf.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>john_travel21
<Content>A great value - but with a catch This hotel is not perfect but it is a great value 鈥?even offers real discounts for military, AAA, AARP, etc. The pictures do not do it justice and the d茅cor of the entire hotel 鈥?lobby to sleeping rooms are definitely above average. Rooms have a safe, fridge, microwave, coffee maker and free internet connection. You definitely want to get a deluxe room with the bed/couch combination. The rooms are much larger, have a great bathroom layout, and a balcony - perfect for a couple. The location was within walking distance of basically everything and the beach was only 3 very short blocks away. The service was very good for the most part, but the front desk has a bad apple or two. Speak to the Asian lady - she is sweet and really goes out of her way to help you. Okay the bad: This hotel has very poor noise insulation thanks to louvered windows. The garbage truck will surely wake you up every morning. It shows up between 6:30am 鈥?7:15am and makes an incredibly loud racket that will rudely awake you. I found it to be a common topic of conversation between guests in the lobby, breakfast area and elevators. The hotel parking lot only has about 15 - 20 spaces. I had to park at a sister Aqua property about 2 blocks away. Not that big a deal because the blocks are super short, but I was still charged the regular rate of $18 a night? Finally at night the last block just before the hotel is a little dark, it made my girlfriend a little uncomfortable. Just know going in that you can鈥檛 get a bargain without sacrificing some pleasantries. If you stay here 鈥?bring the ear plugs and hope for parking availability.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>redskinmom
<Content>Great hospitality! We have just returned from Waikiki Beach where we stayed at the Aloha Surf. We want to thank the staff for their hospitality while we were there. My daughter and I went there for spring break and the day after we arrived we were notified that our airline had gone bankrupt and we did not have a flight home. To make a long story short, the Aloha Surf posted a notice that they would provide 3 extra days complimentary to those travelers that had been affected by the airline closures. It took us several days to find flights home and we needed the 3 extra days as we could not get out when originally planned. This hotel went over and above to make our stay pleasant and we met other travelers that came to the Aloha Surf from other hotels that were not so hospitable.Thank you for what you did for us...we appreciate it very much. It made an unpleasant time much more enjoyable. We would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>edrohan
<Content>Great All-Around Boutique hotel with small but well-fitted, clean rooms at an amazing price in a good location.Manager (Julian Martinez) was terrific and supportive when we got stranded during the shutdown of Aloha and ATA airlines.Staff was also great.I highly recommend.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>sammyra
<Content>Friendly staff!! Though the room was small, the staff was wonderful!! They gave us a room with a patio and the view was beautiful!! After mentioning that we had got married earlier in the day, some of the staff came to our room with complimentary gifts. That was soo sweet of them. We will gladly stay here again if we ever get back to Waikiki. Thank you for a wonderful time!!!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Hawaiilover08
<Content>The BEST Hospitality! We had the best stay we could possibly ask for. The Hotel opened there doors to us when we were left stranded by Aloha airlines. We were treated so nicley. The staff was wonderful from the first moment we arrived to the second we left. I would defenitly recommend this hotel to anyone. Just minutes from the beautiful beach and so much shopping and things to do we had a great time!Thanks again!!!!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>highlandbride
<Content>OK budget hotel if you are willing to put up with inconveniences First room on 9th floor was a horror, with one twin and one double (shoved up against the wall with totally worn out mattress) not the queen room we reserved. We paid an additional $40 a night (a good ploy they use to generate income) for a room on top floor with King bed, plus tub/shower combo. Regardless of floor position the noise is constant, especially late at night as bar patrons head out between 1AM - 4AM and the garbage trucks pick up the empty bottles at 5AM. Window AC and louvered windows do not keep room very cool and the noise from AC is not enough to block out the din on the streets. Curtains are cheap motel style black outs without any sheers so you must keep them closed when moving between closet and shower area (unless you don't care about exposing yourself to hundreds of adjacent neighbors in apartment buildings and hotels that surround the place). On the plus side the desk staff went out of their way to be helpful and Josh at the spa gives a killer shiatsu massage. Free breakfast is a starch-fest with pastries, bagels and bananas with juice and coffee. Go to Keoki's down the street for their $3.95 special - 2 pancakes, 2 bacon strips, scrambled eggs and coffee. The stroll to the beach was 2 long blocks and quick - the least objectionable of the soft mattresses, crummy curtains and scraped/worn furnishings that are showing age quickly after the refurbishment.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>calnurse
<Content>Great Place to Stay My husband and I just spent a week at the Aloha Surf and had a wonderful time. We stayed in a larger room with a kitchenette on the eigth floor. The room was very clean. We brought our laptop and used the room internet connection. The staff was friendly and very helpful. The location was an easy walk to the beach, restaurants, Food Pantry grocery store and shopping. The bus stop on the corner was a transfer point for many lines. Although we were not affected personally by the demise of Aloha or ATA airlines, guests who were were given up to 3 free hotel night stays until they could arrange alternate flights home. It was posted in the elevators and we spoke to two families who took advantage of the offer. We will absolutely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>onedude
<Content>Only just OK       Room 402 - fridge/microwave  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	4	3	2	3	

<Author>roddy46
<Content>Great Hotel       Tv and draws with city view!!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>trendy29
<Content>Extremely satisfied/pleased! Between the location and the friendly staff, one cannot go wrong with this hotel if you are looking to book on a budget. My girlfriend and I (both in our 30's) stayed here for a week and we really couldn't find anything wrong with the place. Sure, if you are looking for luxury or a 5 star this is definitely not the spot- however, the price and central location make this hotel close to excellent. Staff were also always friendly and it was always nice to hear their suggestions on where to go for dinner + night life. I should also mention that the next street over (Kuhio Avenue) has several bars/night clubs. And did I mention that Waikiki Beach is just 2 blocks away?! We are not big free buffet breakfast gals so I will not attempt to critique that. Not sure how people can get off complaining about a service that is FREE. I would definitely stay here again if I were to travel again on a budget. Hopefully someday it will be the Grand Hilton Waikiki though :)SuzyQ  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fenger3000
<Content>Pro Bowl Week - No Pain, No Gain       Deluxe Partial City VIew (360 sq ft)  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>TKAScotland
<Content>Good all round experience Room - got upgraded to a nice suite on the top floor with mini kitchen and balcony. Free wi speed internet (blisteringly fast). Room recently refurbed, although a suspiscious looking marfk on ceiling. Bed comfortable. No complaints at all. Friendly and helpful staff. Comp breakfast OK but basic. Good location, just steps from main drag. Great value for money - would recommend.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>FlyHawaii
<Content>We LOVED the Aqua Aloha Surf       partial ocean but it works  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Dalaguete
<Content>An overall good hotel in Waikiki! We were here at the Aqua Aloha from March 10 - 14, and did not encounter any real problems, (except for the overpriced parking, which is really unavoidable, and the sloooooow elevators).However...Loved the little kitchen, comfy beds, breezy lobby, and proximity to the Food Pantry supermarket (which also houses a Coffee Bean). Walking to the beach is easy, and sundry items like tatami mats, disposable cameras and snacks can be picked up at the multitude of ABC stores on every corner on the way.I was thinking that staying at a hotel that was not fronting the beach would be a problem and it wasn't at all. It's a short stroll and the weather is always mild (sometimes windy enough to blow your swimsuit coverup over your head!). Also glad to get a renovated room, which was on the 6th floor. Obtained our travel package via bookit.com, which automatically gave us a deluxe (renovated) room. The view was of other ho-hum highrises, and I'm sure a view of the Ala Wai canal would have been much better.I would absolutely stay here again!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>MagsSoCal
<Content>Cleaner than expected       2 twin beds--waaaayyy smaller than we expected!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	5	

<Author>flippy2
<Content>A fine hotel for the price We stayed at the Aqua Aloha from Feb 11-26th, 2008. We had a queen bed with a pullout couch and a lanai on the 6th floor. We were travelling with a four month old infant and brought our own play yard, as the hotel was going to charge $20 per night for the use of a crib. Overall our experience there was fine--the location is good for Waikiki, as are the prices as compared to other hotels. I agree with another reviewer's opinion that the walk from Perrys Smorgy to the hotel is very dark at night, and made me uneasy when I had to walk to the hotel one night alone. During the day is no problem. The ABC store and Pantry grocery store are very close, which is great. There are also apples on the front desk throughout the day for eating. The continental breakfast was somewhat disappointing, but toward the end of our stay they added toasters with toast, bagels, cream cheese, and so on, in addition to the muffin, pastry, and mini croissant choices. Perhaps they are listening to people on this forum?!?! There is also juice, and coffee. My husband was not impressed by the breakfast, as he travels often and is used to the more hearty fare provided by Hampton/Hilton brands; however, I thought it was ok, especially as most hotels in Hawaii do not offer this service at all. We found housekeeping was alright, but we found our vanity countertop small and was not wiped down once during our 14 day stay. We thought it was because we had our toiletry bags on the counter, but we removed them two days in a row, and still the sink area was not cleaned. In all fairness to the hotel, though, we did not complain and simply wiped it up ourselves. We only had a shower stall in our room. The internet was free and fast (we brought our own laptop)--a great amenity for us. In general, we thought the hotel was average--an old hotel that has been updated, like most hotels in Waikiki. For the price, I would stay there again and would not worry about recommending this hotel to my friends.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Eastport
<Content>We loved Jeremy at the Aloha Surf       View from back of hotel  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>holidaymaker022
<Content>Excellent stay in this hotel We were quite worried about staying at this hotel after reading some of the other reviews but we had a wonderful stay at this hotel. On arrival we were given free bottled water, which was a nice touch. Our room which was on the fourth floor was a good size and was very clean and comfortable. The sheets and towels were spotless and the maid service was very good indeed. All of the reviews mentioning the noise and safety issues of the hotel had worried us greatly but to our surprise the nights were very quiet indeed and the only noise we experienced was the dump trucks picking up but that was not until around 6:30 in the morning. The hotel is on a well lit street and at no time did we feel worried about walking around, in fact we commented on how safe it felt, even late at night. The staff were really helpful and we experienced no problems at all during our stay.We would certainly stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Cally29
<Content>Basic hotel with a great location We stayed at this hotel from Feb 16-22/08. Luckily enough we had a superior room; queen bed with sofa and kitchenette. Our friends had a standard room with just a bed and the room was very small. However, our room did not have a great view, it was on the 4th floor at the back of the building. Our lanai looked onto four other buildings and the view was all cement. PROS:- location was GREAT! and always felt safe. They're is a scetchy apartment building across the street ,but it was always quiet.- Staff were always friendly and helpful, but then again we didn't run into any problems during our stay.- maid service was excellent-Fresh sunbathing towels everyday - open air lobbyCONS:- the biggest disappointment was the continental breakfast. One kind of juice, muffins, danishs, banannas, apples, oranges and coffee. That's it. Not even toast. On the Wednesday, they did have waffles and pancakes.- no amenities in hotel. No internet to use in lobby. Only access in your rooms, if you brought a lap top. Across the street at the Sand Villa hotel there are usauage of computers/internet for $1-No lounge, restaurant or snack bar. One is also located at the Sand Villa.-very small pool, but who needs one when the ocean is two blocks away. Since we spend a minimal amount of time in our hotel we would go back because of the great price and location.Aloha!!!!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	5	4	4	3	2	

<Author>runnergal81
<Content>I give it a solid 'meh' My boyfriend and I were headed to Lanai for his company trip, but were stopping in Honolulu for a few nights beforehand. It just so happened to be the same weekend as the Pro Bowl. Luckily, I had done my research and found a nice budget hotel, which I booked a month beforehand. When we arrived at the Aqua Aloha Surf  Spa, we were told that they had had a plumbing issue and 5 of their rooms had flooded - including ours. So the superior partial city view room with balcony was turned into a standard room. Did our room really flood? Or did they decide that they could shove us in a standard room and then give our superior room to one of the Pro Bowler visitors for double the price? I don't know the answer to that, but it's awfully suspicious.So, we shuffle up to our standard room, which was basically a glorified dorm room. It was THE tiniest hotel room I have ever stayed it. I mean, comically small. There was nothing else to do but laugh. Granted, it was clean and it was close to all the shops and restaurants of Waikiki. Which is fun when you're ready to go out...not so fun when you're trying to sleep. It was really noisy. The overall appearance of the hotel was a little ragged around the edges. Kind of dingy. But it is cheap and convenient. But if anyone else gets screwed b/c of plumbing problems, I wouldn't be surprised.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	4	2	2	4	

<Author>VivFairfax
<Content>It was okay for the price My sister booked the hotel and had requested a room with three beds. When we arrived Thursday night, February 14th, the lady at the front desk said that although we reserved a room with 3 beds, she could only offer a room with one bed and a sofa sleeper. The room was quite small and the sheets had stains on them (like ketchup or something like it). The next morning we went back to the front desk and spoke with a man, who said that he would work on resolving our issues and upon our return from the beach, had given us the room we had initially requested; 2 beds and a sofa sleeper. This room was a little larger than the first one. The morning staff were friendly enough.As previoulsy stated by another reviewer, because of the location of the hotel, next to condo's etc, we heard people outside arguing late into the night and we were on the 12th floor. This hotel is on a side street and just a word of advice, be careful walking back late at night. Not enough light (torches) are lit between the hotel and Smorgy's restaurant but its still not that safe for women to walk alone. There were some seedy looking men hanging around near the hotel when we were there and it was three of us.The next time I go to Honolulu I will be staying at a hotel on the main street across from the beach.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	1	2	3	-1	

<Author>Eirene22
<Content>Very pleased with the Aqua Aloha Surf We stayed at the Aloha Surf Hotel for 10 days in January and were very pleased with our choice. I had read on Expedia that the rooms were small, so we reserved a Superior Room. Though still a little small, we were pleased to have a corner room on the twelfth floor. We had a king-size bed, and wrap-around windows, plus the huge patio door onto the lanai. We could look over the Koolau Mountains, the Ala Wai Canal, and even see the ships on the ocean, as well as glimpses of Diamond Head between the hotels in the distance. The staff was wonderfully friendly, and very helpful. There were many complementary perks: delicious continental breakfast - muffins, buns, tropical fruit juice, coffee and four varieties of fresh fruit every morning; free daily paper; free in-room safe; free coffee for the in-room coffee maker; free Wireless in the lobby and pool area, and free high-speed connection in the room. They supplied the connector cable and when we had trouble, got it resolved very quickly by putting us in touch with their Net provider. They gave us each a bottle of chilled spring water when we checked in, and there was always a basket of delicious apples available on the lobby desk. We were given an Aqua coupon book, which we used extensively, both for restaurants and sightseeing. The coupons for the zoo, aquarium, Bishop's Museum, Mission Houses Museum, etc. were all two for one. The pool, though not large, was inviting, as was the sunny deck around it. We enjoyed eating our breakfast in the canopied open area beside the pool or on our lanai, enjoying the view. There were a lot of sirens in the evening, being so close to the hustle and bustle of Waikiki, but the garbage pickup shortly after 6 AM only woke us briefly. We felt very fortunate to only have to cross the parking lot to reach Perry's Smorgy or The Food Pantry ( our favourite restaurant and grocery store.) The walk to the beach was only a few blocks, passing the quaint King's Village Shopping mall on the way. This was our second trip to Hawaii. We would definitely go back to the Aloha Surf. It is not new or flashy, but the location, the staff, the cleanliness and the value for money, make us recommend it.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Dave493
<Content>Very Small Room Great location for hotel, close to beach, shopping restaurants. Our room was on the street front of the hotel and it was very noisy at night. The pool area is nice but small. The bed was comfortable, room was extremely small. The staff was very nice and helpful. The included continental breakfast was very basic and the coffee was poor.I stronly recommend upgrading to more than the standard room. Everything in the room was good but our room was just too small, but the price was right at only $89.00 per night.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>kaiyen70
<Content>well worth for the money This is a long way overdue review but I just want to quickly say that this is a very good hotel for the money. Very clean, friendly staff, and great location.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Hicher
<Content>Great Location Great location for hotel, close to beach, shopping restaurants. Our room was on the street front of the hotel and it was very noisy at night. The pool area is nice but small and they could use more lounge chairs. The bed was comfortable, room was small. We had the airconditioner going the entire time we were there and the room never really cooled off. The staff was very nice and helpful.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>MRWILKS
<Content>Excellent place to stay Excellent place to stay....IF you are the type that doesn't plan on spending his vacation in his hotel room. Have been going to Oahu since 1987 and have stayed at the Aloha Surf each and every time. It's perfect for me because I'm the type that when on vacation, a hotel room is just a pit stop for me. I figure I can sleep when I get back home. So from 7AM until 2 AM, I'm out having fun. Would not reccomend the Aloha Surf for those who go on vacation to live in their hotel room. My wife and 2 children follow in my footsteps on this one. It's clean with no pests, and the room service is good. That's all I need. If I want to enjoy Oahu, I'll go outside my hotel room to do it.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sixcolors
<Content>A reasonable hotel in a great city! The good:Reasonable price, mostly clean, friendly service, free internet and breakfast and okay location; It's about a 5 minute walk to the beach and the hotel offers free beach towel loans.The bad:Thin walls and windows might not as well be there and Waikiki is a noisy place. Be especially aware of this at about 4-6am when the store across the way is getting it's deliveries from large trucks with a backup beep and loud motors (monday-friday!). Also when we got there we has a dirty blanket, which was removed and replaced with a clean one upon request.Overall I enjoyed our stay but would probably stay closer to the beach in a quieter hotel or on the north shore where things are more relaxed (Waikiki is a busy place).  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	5	4	4	

<Author>kelley3091
<Content>Great place to stay in Waikiki. I was totally satisfied with my stay at this hotel. Has the friendliest and most helpful staff I have ever encountered. Hotel is very centrally located to everything in Waikiki that people go there for. I am definately looking forward to staying there again in the near future . Super value for the money.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>HLODOLL
<Content>Great Location in Waikiki       Hotel lobby  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>JoScoPo
<Content>Aqua Aloha worth a stay I booked this hotel for Nov 27-Dec 1st 2007 but booked it the day before arriving (Nov 26th/07) and asked online if they wouldn't mind giving me a room with 2 beds. I booked it for 76$ a night on [-] and they upgraded my room to the 2nd best room available. The room was quite small but had a pull out couch as well as the 2 beds. The room came with a mini-fridge, granite counters, kona coffee and hawaiian soaps. The patio was decent and the room was air conditioned as well. I think the best part about the hotel was the friendly staff, the lobby and the overall atmosphere. If you want a good place near Waikiki and that has friendly staff I highly recommend it. JoeBC, Canada  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tripchick29
<Content>Great hotel--better price! I stayed at this hotel Christmas week in December 2007. It is one of the smaller hotels in Waikiki, which when you see the size of some of them, is a very good thing.The first room I stayed in was very, very noisy (as other reviews here also state). Not only did the garbage truck come by the first morning, but it turns out that the side of this building is a parking lot/loading zone to a grocery store on the next corner. This meant that large trucks were beginning their deliveries to this store from 6am onwards. As a note, this hotel does not have the normal type glass windows that I would expect to find in a highrise hotel here in Canada. The windows are thick fibreglass slats, opening and closing like venetian blinds, so the noise level was not muffled at all.After complaining at the front desk, I was shown a slightly smaller (but nicer) room on the 9th floor to the back and middle of the building. Once I moved there, the noise level was considerably lower and I enjoyed the rest of my stay fully.There isn't much of a view from this hotel at all. After moving from a larger corner suite to the quieter room, the only view available was to the neighbours' balconies. However, considering I spent little time in my room it was fine.The other negative to this hotel is that I found the bathrooms, especially bathtub/shower to be very old and outdated and slightly grungy. Do not expect to be able to take a relaxing bath in a luxurious hotel bathtub at this hotel.The pool is very small--enough to take a quick dip in, but it also backs into the very active, noisy grocery store parking lot.Apart from the above, my stay was great and I would definitely stay at this hotel again (booking a room at the back/middle portion of the hotel from the onset). The front desk staff were extremely helpful and friendly, elevators were fast, there was a small breakfast of fruit, fruit juice, coffee and small muffins each morning (enough to get your started). The housekeepers did an excellent job and the room was kept tidy and clean.There is a mini fridge, coffee maker, and microwave with dishes in the room as well which came in handy a couple of times.The location is excellent--two blocks away from Waikiki with food stores, Starbucks, whatever you want nearby.This hotel is undergoing renovations and I think when they are completed, it will definitley be 5/5 on Trip Advisor as a budget hotel. They had just opened a spa when I arrived (great specials on massages) and were in the process of adding a small coffee shop in the lobby.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>olek7
<Content>Nice Nice budget hotel with clean rooms and thats it what it could offer. Everything else is just down the road! Beach is just 2 blocks away, shopping, dining, entertainment! If you just need bed and shower, thats it!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	5	2	1	

<Author>Calman48
<Content>Good Value and Good Location The Aloha Surf is not a fancy hotel and does not have room service. There are free breakfast boxes in the lobby and they often put out fresh fruit and goodies at the lobby counter. There is a grocery next door and several restaurants within a block or two. Two of the best things about the hotel are the open air lobby which reminds you that you are in a tropical paradise and the central location which is convenient to everything. The rooms are comfortable,if a bit small. But you'll enjoy your stay there.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sgalluc
<Content>Great location, good value for the money I was a little worried about staying at this hotel but was very surprised at how nice it was. The lobby is beautiful, open walkway, nice furniture, and a great place to eat breakfast. The pool is a little small but was never crowded and the lounge chairs were very comfortable. Breakfast consisted of rolls, muffins, fruit, coffee, and pineapple juice (yum!) Coffee, newspapers, apples, and internet were available around the clock. A vending machine with pop, water, and juice was available. Ask to stay in a deluxe room or suite and in the front of the hotel. The views from the back of the hotel are awful. We asked to switch rooms and they were able to that for us that day. There isn't a lot of parking available if you rent a car so ask ahead of time for a spot. The elevators are a little small and slow so plan extra time for that. The staff was very nice, and very helpful with planning transportation and tours. Although, the 2 tours we booked through the hotel were not worth the money. Book any tourist events through the company directly. The beach is only a few blocks away and there are plenty of great restaurants near buy as well as shopping and the famous ABC store. All in all, this a great value for the money. I recommend the location if you want to be in the heart of Waikiki, you don't mind little noise (especially in the morning), and you don't want to spend too much money.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>jdelacruz1
<Content>everything is EXCELLENT... Everything is EXCELLENT except the continental breakfast.....Need more varity to serve for continental breakfast ..and need plate to serve not napkin, Pls update your serving in CONTINENTAL BREAKFAST....THANKS  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>coywan
<Content>Pleasant Surprise for the Price My wife and I love Hawaii and visit twice a year. We've stayed at various types of hotels and condos but the Aqua Aloha is probably the best value we've gotten for our money. When I pulled up to the hotel in my rental vehicle, I was in the valet driveway and was told I could leave it there while I check in. I went up to the front desk, gave my name, and I was handed my room keys and parking permit in less than a minute (like they had everything ready for me). Check-in process was the fastest I've experienced. Parking is limited but I never had a problem finding a spot the whole week I was there. When I got to the room, I realized that I was upgraded to the 16th floor corner room with a wrap around balcony. I had views of the Ala Wai Canal, the back side of Diamond Head, and a partial ocean view between the Hyatt Regency towers (where I stayed for my last visit in Waikiki). Room was very clean and had a refridgerator, microwave, and LCD TV. Staff was very nice all week except when I went down for continental breakfast with a paper plate. I was told they were not allowed and I had to use napkins to carry the pastries. But oh well, I still managed to bring 6 croissants to my room where I would heat up bacon and spam in the microwave oven. It was very convenient having a refrigerator and microwave. I never had to buy alcohol at a bar all week. At night, my wife and I would mix our drinks in the room, get wasted, then walk/shop. Every morning, we would go to the front desk for beach towels and turn them in when we return. If you vacation for the destination and not the room, then you get great value at the Aqua Aloha Surf.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>timidtravelerUs
<Content>Of the people I can write 2 reviews of the Aqua Aloha, because we stayed in 2 very different rooms during our stay. But first, if friendly helpful people are important to you on your trips, then you are in for treat at Aqua Aloha Surf, as the staff was friendly, down to earth and helpful.We stayed here to save a little money on the last leg of our trip. The first rooms we stayed in were the basic rooms, and they reminded me of European hotels, small, very basic, but with comfortable beds. No lanai. The bathrooms sliding doors are flimsy and a little off-putting. A little worn down, but the room was clean. As the night wore on, I felt like I was camping in Waikiki, because the louver windows didn't close all the way so we left them open. The wind rustled , heard the palm trees and the traffic, it was cool. However, the traffic and trucks are very noisy in the morning. These rooms I would recommend if you want clean inexpensive lodging and don't plan on being in room at all. If traffic noise will bother you, don't stay in the basic rooms! You can't avoid it.The next night we got upgraded to the one bedroom suite. This had a nice lanai with ocean and mountain views. Nice king bed and less comfortable pull out sofa bed. Nice kitchenette with plates, microwave and 2 refrigs. Bathroom still small with flimsy door. Windows still didn't close completely so we left them open and didn't use ac at all. Traffic not so noticeable up here, although you hear it, and I loved hearing the birds roost in the neighboring banyan tree. This room I would recommend for family travel. It is not elegant, but it was pleasant and comfortable. The breakfast is pretty bad. We made coffee in our room, as the coffee downstairs is terrible! I would eat a banana and an apple and a little juice. Muffins and pastries were not good.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	5	5	4	

<Author>SFBayAreaTraveller
<Content>Somewhere between average and above average If there is one thing I loved about this hotel, it was its location. It is conveniently located to almost all the places you want to go in Waikiki: the zoo, the beach, the parks, the shopping district and restaurants. This, for me, is very important. If you are a budget traveller and are enticed by other hotels that may offer a cheaper rate but is a good distance away from Waikiki's sweet spot as I call it, you will be making a big mistake that you will eventually regret. I have traveled to more than 40 countries on a shoe string budget and have learned from trial and error that it is worth paying a little more to be where you want to be. That being said, our deluxe room which was on the 6th floor was very basic. When we arrived, I was actually disappointed at the condition of the room. The walls, the bathroom, and the sofa were a bit old and faded. It reminded me of those old vegas hotels in old downtown Las Vegas. Moreover, and this might be a biggie for some people, if you are a light sleeper, than you should think twice about this hotel. There is a lot of noise coming from the surrounding area at night. I had no problem with the noise, but my wife apparently did and had difficulty sleeping. because of the sound of automobiles, trucks, and late party goers.But to be fair, there were amenities that the room contained the offsets the condition of the room such as a safe, microwave, coffee maker, mini fridge, mini sink, hair drier, A.C., free internet, and did I mention the superb location? The hotel staff were very helpful. They were always ready to answer any of our questions.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MooreaT
<Content>Unfortunate Experience I would normally never take a second longer than I had to on dwelling, however we had a pretty bad experience here. Missing money from the staff and noone being held responsible. We were informed however that we could file an incident report with the person involved to the person involved. Total bummer for that evening,, moved somewhere else and all was well.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>la310la
<Content>Fine for our Christmas getaway! Close to canal, a few blocks to beach, near shopping and restaurants. I am always looking for a deal and this was def one of them! We paid under $90 a night and got a great room with a shower, cool littel falt screen tv and ref/microwave/coffee pot. The staff was polite, the front desk answered all my questions and it was the perfect no frills hotel.The bathrooms are small and it had a flimsy a siding door! Be sure you are comfy using the restroom in a small space with someone in the bedroom right outside...The breakfast kinda sucks though. Little muffins and croissants. But its better than nothings. Plus there are a lot of little restaurants to eat at nearby!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>katke
<Content>Excellent vacation at the Aqua Aloha Surf I was worried about the hotel I booked when the shuttle from the airport was stopping at hotels that were more expensive than the Aloha Surf was, and they were total dives! The driver dropped me off at the front door, and I was pleasantly surprised! The staff was great, the room was perfect! Exactly the way it was pictured on the website, clean, I can't say enough good about it. The continental breakfast was pretty basic, but for the price, I can't complain. Would stay there again in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Hawiiansunrise
<Content>Loved the Aqua Aloha Loved the Hotel, price was right, the room was very clean, we were well located to the beach and transportation. There were several good restaurants and stores within a few minutes walking. We caught The Bus right on the corner to take in all Island attractions, walked to the Zoo and the Aqarium. Were able to book tours right at the front desk. We had a very nice room with a Lania and sat out every morning and watched the sun come up. Will definately stay there again and recomend to others  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Xinger2
<Content>Good rate, good location, good service My wife and I traveled from Vancouver, Canada, for a vacation/anniversary celebration. Because of lengthy delays in flights due to snow (no wonder we were headed to Hawaii) we arrived at the Aloha Surf well after 1:00 am. very tired and on the verge of grumpiness. The front desk attendant was efficient and had us checked in with our room keys within a few short minutes. When we turned to get our luggage we saw them already stacked on the porter's trolley. We eventually got to bed at almost 2:00 a.m. (4:00 a.m. Vancouver time). The next morning we were disturbed by the sound of garbage trucks picking up the large bins at an early hour. From previous reviews I was aware of this situation that affects rooms on the street side of the hotel and was able to drift back to sleep. Garbage pickup took place the next morning also (Saturday) but we had adjusted somewhat to the time difference and going to bed at an earlier time. We found the bed to be too close to the air conditioner causing cold air to blow straight onto our faces but this was solved by turning around so as to sleep with our heads at the foot of the bed. Our Hawaiian island cruise was scheduled to depart at 8:00 p.m and Aloha Surf was able to store our luggage after check-out time until we collected our luggage at mid-afternoon. The day before the ship was scheduled to return to Honolulu we found out that the cruise line's arrangements for left luggage were unsuitable to meet our 10:20 p.m. flight departure. We telephoned Aloha Surf from Kaua'i island and explained that we were guests a week earlier and had a problem finding a place to store only luggage from morning to night. The very quick answer from person who answered the Aloha Surf phone was that it was no problem. Eventually we were given a peek of the storage room and it was packed with luggage. The receptionist said that it is a service that they normally offer. This was a really a tremendous help to us, allowing us to enjoy Honolulu for the whole day. This, in addition to the excellent location and bargain price ($76), made our stay with Aloha Surf a great experience.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Leah6381
<Content>Great Stay at the Aloha Surf       view from the balcony  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LiveAlohaForever
<Content>hidden charges, internet down, no parking I'm a frequent visitor to Hawaii (5 times this year, and 2-3 trips each year for the past 29 years) who has several favorite hotels, but I wanted to try something different. I picked Aqua Aloha Surf based on TripAdvisor reviews, its free internet service (I had to work during this trip), and its theme--I love to surf; so the theme and lobby pics were appealing, and the location's only a 5-minute walk to Queen's and Canoe's, where it's fun to paddle out, or even just hang out and listen to surf legends like Rabbit Kekai swap stories while they watch the surf. I also like the local's bar directly across the street from the hotel, because it has decent, surprisingly cheap food and drinks and it serves late-night dinners. Just be aware that this bar's a local's hangout, and the locals can get a bit boisterous, even those who are serving you! (Show some respect...kinda like being in the line-up at Makaha's, if you dare!)Unfortunately, I was sorely disappointed by the hotel, mostly because of unexpected charges on my AmX bill, by the lack of internet service in my room the first two days--which were days I was supposed to be working--and by the extreme coldness of one female manager and one male desk clerk (the rest of the staff were great--total aloha). The charges I didn't expect were a $48.00 service fee from reservetravel.com and $64.00 car deposit fee. I tried calling the hotel about these charges, but was unsuccessful, so I ended up disputing the charges by writing AmX. AmX eventually reported that the hotel refused to cancel either charge. Apparently, the service fee was the result of some ridiculously vague fine print that I didn't read (who does) when booking the reservation...it said there MAY be a service fee of $0 to $5 per room/per night. The charge for the car was equally bad...I had the car for only a SINGLE night, as I told the desk clerk when I picked up the parking pass. The hotel's lot was full, so I had to park in a really grimy lot at the Continental several blocks away. I kind of expected this parking situation based on other TripAdvisor reports. But what I really didn't expect was a $64.00 charge for ONE night of parking! Because of these charges, no Aqua hotels will ever get my business again.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>2	4	3	3	3	2	3	2	

<Author>sandon5
<Content>Loved the Location After much searching on the internet we decided on Aloha Surf and we were not disapointed. We booked a junior suite and got upgraded to a one bedroom suite which was fantactic. The facilities in the suite along with the flat screen TV'S were excellent. Breakfast was provided every day and this was anadded bonus. Make sure you go to the Manager's cocktail party on Tuesday night's and sample the cocktails, a great way to meet fellow guests. The view from our balcony was spectacular.This hotel is two blocks from the beach and you are not on the main traffic thoughfare which makes it a little quiter as Waikiki is very noisy. There is a supermarket next door, internet cafe and bar over the road and the bus stop is in the next street, two minutes walk. Make sure you go to Pearl Harbour!!We wanted to go to an American football game and the Guest Services Manager, Julian Martinez was most helpful in booking the tickets over the internet for us as this was the only way to get them  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>shelbymom
<Content>In the thick of it...Bring ear plugs! We liked the location better than the Aqua Palms which we had stayed at last year. The Aloha is just a couple of blocks from all shops/restaurants/people. I suppose if you have children and plan to spend a lot of time at the beach this location wouldn't work that well. Strolling to the beach was easy, but if we had to lug towels, mats, snacks, drinks, toys, etc., we may have found it a bit of a hassle. Finding a parking space in Honolulu isn't always an easy task either.The open air lobby was attractive and the desk clerk (Jason, I think) and the porter (Jeremy?) couldn't have been nicer. Our room, number 503, was on a corner near a store parking lot with views into neighboring apartment buildings. I have never heard so many beep, beep, beeps from trucks backing up in my life! There was A LOT of noise, so either bring earplugs, ask for a higher room, or try a different side of the building. No big deal - Part of life in the big city. That parking lot I mentioned provides quick access to the marketnext store which also has a Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf, donut shop, and another little pastry place inside. Handy since we never managed to get downstairs to the continental breakfast in time. I thought our room was better looking than it appeared on the internet. The colors, soft greens and blues, looked washed out on the computer screen but more vibrant in person. Nice to have a little sofa, coffee table, microwave, frig, and coffee maker in the room. Seems like they did a lot of renovating, but left the old tub and tile. Even though we tipped the maid every day her care of our room was somtimes sloppy. One day she gave us clean towels, no wash clothes, and didn't make thebed. Other little things seemed to be neglected, but nothing to botherthe management about. Pool area is attractive, though small. You can check-out beach towels from the front desk folks, which is nice. Afterreading other reviews on this site I'll add that our water pressure was great, we didn't see any seedy characters in the neighborhood, and it's just a pleasant hotel without pretentions.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	5	4	4	

<Author>rocnrlr
<Content>Very satisfied       view from balcony  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hawaiifan76
<Content>great value and great location I simply enjoy this hotel. It has everything busy travelers need when staying in Hawaii. Walking distance from the international market, Dukes and beautiful Waikiki it is a place I will return to often.If you are looking for an affordable place to stay, great location and the aloha spirit, this is it. The staff is friendly and helpful. We really enjoyed the breakfast. It allowed us to eat and enjoy the rest of our day. The rooms are modernly styled and clean. We really enjoyed the open aired lounge.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>haleiwa311
<Content>Best Hotel Value In Hawaii Although this hotel hardly needs another 5 star rating, it was such a surprise and great experience I will try to give a different perspective.I was a Vice President for one the largest hotel chains in the world and have stayed in many hotels throughout the world over 30 years. I also have a second home in Hawaii and have been going to Hawaii since 1968. The first comment that comes to mind is that Aqua Resorts have really got their act together. I have not seen a such a combination of value, decor, friendliness, amenities and service.This hotel use dynamic sales, much like airlines, so your rate will vary depending on demand but it will remain the best value in Waikiki since demand is essentially seasonal and will affect other hotels as well.My first impression was the striking decor of the lobby and four employees at the front desk in about a 150 room hotel--you would be lucky to have that many in a 1000+ room hotel.Then to my room which was tastefully decorated as I've seen in a long time. Many of the few negative reviews complain of small rooms. I found the size well designed and more than adequate. The amenities were first class and the refrigerator, microwave and coffee are rare to find in hotels costing three times the price. The bathrobes were unique and the most luxurious I've seen anywhere--not the usual terry short white robe if they are provided at all. Also unique was having live anthuriums. The lanai was large and a view of the Ali Wai canal and the green mountains of the Monoa valley. . The beach is only a few blocks away and it is a bit quieter at this hotel location and has the only super market in Waikiki next door. The only thing I would add to the room would be a night light and small reading chair--but you can use the lanai chairs.The desk staff was always extremely friendly and the engineers , Craig and Mark, were very helpful in setting up my own dvd player and replacing a defective phone. Again for the few negative reviewers it's to be expected that sometimes things go wrong but what is important is that it is corrected. Try to get this kind of service in 2000 room hotel! It' s obvious that the employees enjoy their jobs are truly examples of the Aloha Spirit.Two other extras are the free broadband connection(hotels on the beach charge up to $20/day) and the free continental breakfast.The bottom line is that you will not find a better value in Waikiki, maybe not anywhere. Of course, if you must be on the beach prepare to pay 3-4 times the price with 1/2 the experience. I am telling all my friends and neighbors in Hawaii about this hotel and since it is relatively new, most do not know about it. My friends and I rarely go to Waikiki but it is much improved over 10 years ago and I would definitely pick this hotel again.David C. Johnson  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Brucewon
<Content>Great Value       Room  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	4	5	

<Author>c21rinnert
<Content>Close to Beach, Restaurants  Enjoyed 3 day getaway. Hotel was clean, good service  conveniently located in Waikiki close to restaurants, night clubs, shopping. Good stay!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Lori1558
<Content>Honolulu Value We began out island hopping vacation at the Aqua Aloha Surf. Check in with Vinh was great. He is quiet but nice and professional. After living in Hawaii for a number of years, I learned that the local people are really sensitive to tone. So, if you need something changed, be sweet.Our deluxe room was wonderful and clean. Located on the 14th floor away from the streetside on the front of the hotel, we had a view of the Alai Wai Canal, golf course and mountains. It was not plush; however, for as much time we spent in the room, it was perfect with fridge, sink and microwave. The breakfast was minimal and be prepared for an $18 per day parking fee if you have a rental car. Access from hotel to H1 was easy going by the canal to McCully and straight on to H1. Would stay here again. Don't miss their free happy hour on Tuesday evening. Great specialty drink!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>SharonKai
<Content>Great place to stay My husband and I travelled from Australia and stayed here for 8 nights in October 2007. We booked a Superior room and were very happy with it. As expected, it was a little noisy (traffic) during the day but at night it quietened down. Our flight into Honolulu arrived early in the morning and check in to the hotel wasn't until 3.00pm. We got to the hotel by 11.00am and they stored our bags until 3.00pm. There is plenty of seating in the foyer and also free coffee or tea for guests. The front desk also has complimentary fruit for guests. We were on the 5th floor (room 510) and the room was on a corner of the building. We had beautiful views looking over the canal and up the mountain - just gorgeous at night. I know other people have said that the rooms are small but we found ours more than adequate. The breakfast, which was included in the tariff, was adequate for us - pastries, juice  fruit. Our room was always kept very clean and we found the cleaning staff very friendly. Most of the front office staff were friendly and helpful BUT a couple were also not so friendly or helpful!! Two people we found on the front desk who were great were Helene and Jennifer. They were always helpful and very friendly. The location is great - close to buses, restaurants, shops and only a couple of blocks from Waikiki Beach. We found the Food Pantry store next door great for supplies. The Honolulu bus system (The Bus) is great - $2 is all you will pay to go anywhere (even Hanaume Bay) - don't forget to ask the driver for a return ticket when you get on. If you get back on a bus within a couple of hours it's free! If you need a change from breakfast at the hotel, there are many restaurants close by - even a Denny's if you want a cheap meal. Parking is a problem at the hotel. If you are lucky enough to get a park it will cost you $15 per night. If you do get a park, ensure you get a permission to park notice from the front office staff to display in your car, otherwise you may get towed away! The parking lot of the Food Pantry next door is also available at night but from memory you could only park between 6.00pm until 7.00am. Each room has a safe in it and this was free. There is a laundry in the basement to do your washing and each room also has an iron and ironing board. Don't pack a beach towel as you can get these from the front desk when you need them. We had a great Thai meal at the Ohana East Hotel nearby and great pizza at a restaurant in the International Marketplace. Do the walk up Diamond Head but go early in the morning - the views are wonderful. Cost us $4 each on the bus (return) and $1 entry  take a bottle of water. I would recommend this hotel and would stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>RahulAgrawal
<Content>great hotel in great location If you book this hotel from the hotel site, you will pay a lot of money. Overall the location was good, it was behind the hyatt regency and few blocks from kalakua ave. breakfast in the morning was muffins, juice and banana but they were very fresh and did not have US mainland taste. rooms were tiny but modern, enough for two people who are visiting hawaii.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>MitchellLasVegas
<Content>great place to stay Found it on my last visit to hawaii. Decided to stay there and everything was wonderful. The staff was great. The room was clean and modern. And the hotel is close to Waikiki Beach, close to all kind of restaurant and to all kind of store. We just loved it and we hope to return to Aqua Aloha Surf very soon  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jcruz18
<Content>Very pleasant hotel Had a wonderful stay at the Aloha Surf Hotel in August. The facilities of the hotel was just perfect for our stay. Everyone at the hotel was so nice and accomadating to our needs. The room we stayed in was very comfortable and nicely decorated. The location of the hotel is perfect to all the sights and attractions of the city. We would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kihoalu
<Content>Great location        Sunrise from my room - Aqua Aloha Surf - 2007  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>RichTraveler
<Content>What a value! Cool design. Friendly staff. Great location and views! Best value for the dollar on Waikiki!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>gohawaiitwo
<Content>Love this place I have stayed at Aloha Surf 4 x over the last two years, enjoy each visit, great deal, close to everything, clean, staff very helpful, I had trouble one night with high speed internet, the staff and tech support was great, always enjoy my stay there, arrange for parking permit in advance, I always stay on the top floor, rooms are a little bigger.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>picturejoy
<Content>good price, clean room, but painful parking My friend and I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights, we booked deluxe room with two beds. The first room we got, has a bed and a sofa, so I went down to front desk, Vinh did change a room for me, but not in a friendly way, he said that the sofa can be pulled out as a bed, so, it is indeed a two beds room. (BTW, all the times we were there, I have to deal with Vinh in several cases, he never smiles). Anyway, our new room has 2 beds, and a sofa, it is clean, has more than we need, and I am glad that there is a safety box in the closet. As everyone said, it only has shower, but that is not a problem for us. The free breakfast is not fancy, but we are not 'big breakfast' person at all, so, juice/banana/muffin is good enough to start a day. Also, the hotel provides beach tower to guests(just ask the front desk for it). Parking is a nightmare, we were glad that we insisted on having a compact car when we picked up our car at rental (they wanted to give us a minivan and other big cars). The space are very small and limited, you have to be extremely careful.Overall, this hotel is in a great location, blocks away from all the Waikiki activities, and a grocery store right by it, price is cheap, room is clean, and has everything you need. If you are on budget, definitely check this one out.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>Jetblast25
<Content>Great Value and All Around Excellent I was there post-cruise earlier this month (Sept). Pre-cruise, we stayed at the Hyatt Waikiki, which was very disappointing. When I compare the 2 hotels, and their amenities, I have to say- don't waste your money at the Hyatt. Online, the Aloha Surf is about 1/3 the price. The Aloha is 2 blocks from the beach, 1 block from The Bus and has great rooms, amenities and staff. Like I said, I was at the Hyatt earlier, and was disgusted that in spite of a $300/nt room, they wanted to charge me $19/day for a fridge in my room (i had to notify them to opt out), and other nickel and dime fees. This place has free refridgerator, microwave, bathrobes, flat screen, beach towels, in-room i'net, free cont'l breakfast and even a comp manager's cocktail party on Tues. The rooms are bright and cheerful, the staff are great people and while the pool is small, the chairs are soooo comfortable. Also, there's a great ABC shop just across the street with a bigger selection than the ABC in the Hyatt. I know you'll think the Hyatt must be better if it costs so much more, but really, it's completely overpriced and neither the location (across the street from the beach), nor the service warrant such a price.Book the Aloha Surf, you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Hove-UK-Traveller
<Content>Very good value. Parking a pain! We stayed in the Aqua Aloha Surf for 4 nights from August 16th. It is a really good value hotel in a good location. On arrival we left the car in the hotel car park only to be told by staff we would need to move it, as it was full. I let the member of staff on reception know how annoyed I was that the car park was full and that the price was now $18 a night (I'd emailed the hotel 2 months before to enquire about the price, they told me it would be $13/night - a large price increase). To their credit they offered us an upgrade to my room, which made us feel happier! They allow you to use the car park in another Aqua hotel, which was about 4 blocks away. I read that it is their intention to turn this service into a valet system. That would be a very good idea. I think until this service is available they need to make it clear on their website that parking is limited.After recovering from the car park trauma we went to the room, which was lovely, recently modernised, and with a kitchenette (since we'd been upgraded). There was a locked adjoining door to the room next door from which we could hear the guest next to us coughing. Not too bad, but noisier people would have been very easy to hear.There is a free breakfast of muffins  fruit, which was a nice extra.The hotel is a few minutes walk from Waikiki beach and all the local shops.Staff were courteous but not over-friendly.All in all, excluding the parking situation, the hotel provides very good value for money (we paid $99/night) in terms of the room condition and location.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>socal4na
<Content>A great value in a good location       The pool below  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>SFTravelGuy
<Content>Aloha Surf is a great value We got the deluxe room and were near the top facing east. The room was great, queen bed was comfortable, decor was nice and the room was very clean. We had a nice view fo the mountains. The only drawback was we got the direct sun in the afternoon and had to shut all the drapes during that time. The front desk was very cordial and helpful. The pool was very small and we did not swim in it. The hotel is on a quiet side street from Kuhio Ave and that was a good thing as we didn't have any street noise at night. I would definately stay there again although I saw a sign out front that it is for sale. Hope this gem continues.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>worldtraveler0220
<Content>It was nothing to write home about I booked this room through a private owner after reading several good reviews. Big mistake, after the intial shock at the extra small room I was fine until it was time to shower. No hot water for 4 out of the 8 days I stayed at this place. The first day I said some thing to through front desk, but it was a private unit so all they did was call the owner. On my last day here I asked The front desk to store my luggage, as the owner said they would store it. Mistake number 2. The guy at The front desk became rude when he realized it was a private unit. He even made The comment to another employee Another private unit. He did store my luggage after I told him The owner said they would store it. I was only gone about 45 minutes. When I walked through The lobby I was just about at the desk and he yells your luggage. My guess is they have a problem with people from The private units. My suggestion is if you decide to stay at this hotel you might not want to use a private owner.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>2	3	1	5	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lasconia
<Content>Amazing stay at Aqua Aloha Surf My husband and I had an amazing stay at the Aqua Aloha Surf hotel in Waikiki! Our room was wonderful and had beautiful views of the ocean and Waikiki. Our room had flat screen TV's, air conditioning, and bath robes! When we arrived the staff greeted us with bottled water and they were so friendly. We were in walking distance to the beach, restaurants, and shops. It was so nice to be so close to everything! We truly had an amazing vacation because of this hotel and the staff!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelerLight
<Content>Great room, friendly staff We stayed in a one bedroom at the Aloha Surf in July. It was the perfect size for a small family. The bedroom was roomy and had a queen size bed. It had a great lanai from which we could see both the Ala Wai and the Ocean. My son stayed on the pull out which was comfy and easy to push back in in the morning. The staff was great. When we got there, they greeted us with really cold bottles of water! After the hot airport and ride to the hotel, that was exactly what we needed. There was a continental breakfast in an indoor/outdoor courtyard where you could enjoy bird watching. I rarely saw the housekeeping staff but knew they had been there every time we came back from the beach because everything was new like we just checked in. The staff in general seemed very professional and happy in their jobs. The hotel must have great management to be able to keep their staff so content. We loved our stay  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rebeca66613
<Content>loved aqua aloha surf hotel Went the last week of august for a belated honeymoon. We booked a standard room which came w/ 2 twin beds, we figured no big deal. After one night we decided to ask if we could have a queen size bed. they agreed and we went from the 2nd floor to the ninth! Better view and bigger room. Their kitchen is small but has everything you need, fridge, sink, microwave and coffemaker. I would stay with them again next year when we go again. Great place to stay if you dont intend to stay in the hotel during your hawaii trip! P.S. close the shades...trust me  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	3	5	5	5	

<Author>hawaiigirl7
<Content>Cute decor As soon as we got to hotel- they had a welcoming lobby and surf videos playing- which is cool for mainland visitors traveling to Hawaii for the first time. The staff was super nice and gave us complimentary water bottles which is great because it was summer time and hot outside. The room's were super cute- matching decor, small rooms but good for a few day's stay. My boyfriend and I asked for a queen bed on-line but instead got 1 twin and 1 single. In the mornings they had free juice and muffins which is nice. Pool is only big enough for maybe 6 people- but the beach is 2 blocks down the street within walking distance. I highly recomend this hotel!!! WE had fun!!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>enjoyinlifemonterey
<Content>Worst room and service This was the secondary hotel for a conference I attended and it was the worst room and service I've ever experienced (and I travel quite a bit!). The room was a box (it should be converted to a utility closet) with a tiny bed, no end table, no chair and no place to put bathroom accessories. It was the loudest hotel I've ever stayed in, making my enjoyment of the island itself difficult due to lack of sleep. The windows are not reinforced and I heard the garbage collection, engines of cars and trucks, and the occasional fight.If you stay here do not expect your room to be cleaned until after 3:30 pm. Priority is given to those rooms people have checked out of and if you ask the front desk for your room to be cleaned earlier you'll get a snide remark (I had to talk with a manager about this). It is clear that the cleaning crew is seriously understaffed and the poor cleaning staff is overworked. The workers at the front desk tend to be curt with their answers and not very informed about local places. The continental breakfast was a joke with two types of juice and bad muffins. By the way, don't take your juice and muffins to your room because there are ants just waiting for a meal. They were present in both the bathroom and the microwave area.I'm a very easy person to please and, usually, I can excuse some discomforts in a hotel but this was beyond terrible. I would give it a negative star but that wasn't an option. Look for another hotel. This one isn't worth any price.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>WNowotney
<Content>Worst staff ever - unfriendly - no parking After paying $432 for a 2 - night stay, was told to move my rental car at 11pm at night. Jennifer and Nikkie would not even assist in helping me with directions saying, That's you problem. I said your agreement includes parking for $18. They said, we're overbooked and parking is Your problem. Jennifer and Nikkie were the rudest hotel staff I've ver encountered. Will never stay here again. No way. Avoid at all costs.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	1	1	3	

<Author>mac905
<Content>Great hotel, service and location!!! This was a great place to stay at. Everything was clean and neat just like the other reviews had stated. The hotel staff are friendly and helpful. Stayed for 3 nights and it was totally worth it. Good price through Expedia (~50 USD/night). I only ended up booking about 1.5 weeks before we went. Free internet (didn't have a chance to use it since I didn't bring my laptop). Would totally stay again. Free breakfast (juice/muffins/croissonts)  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ChasT
<Content>Diamond in the Rough We needed a temporary hotel to stay at because of work being done on our condo and after an extensive online search, found this hotel which had received many favorable reviews. There are many budget hotels in Waikiki and with most, you get what you pay for, with the exception of this rare gem, the Aqua Aloha Surf. This hotel, despite it's simplicity, was a true bargain! The staff (Darren and Shelly among a few) were so helpful and representative of the true Aloha spirit. The room was very nice, very comfortable and VERY CLEAN! We have many relatives that come to Oahu for a visit and we are always recommending this hotel. Some in fact will be reserving this week! We would definitely stay there again ourselves!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>stevendl
<Content>Good Value and Great Location This is a great hotel just a couple blocks from the beach and the price is right. It's in a quiet area next to the Ali Wai canal. Upper floors have great mountain and/or ocean views. Get a corner room facing towards the front of the building and you have both.Continental breakfast served daily and the rooms are clean and have internet included. I have stayed here before and there was construction going on however that has ended and the place looks great. Location is perfect.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>nextcube
<Content>A bargain near the beach We took a gamble when we booked the Aloha Surf. We'd had reservations for the Hilton Hawaiian Village for the week of a conference, but after some discussion, we decided that we wanted to spend more on our exhibit for the conference and less on accomodations. In the end, we're glad we did.The Aloha Surf's building is an older one; from the looks of it, early 1960's. It's been extensively remodeled since.The rooms are small, but tidy and have attractive furniture. Room amenities are good - bathrobe, iron and ironing board, fridge and coffee maker. LCD TVs are a nice touch. Small key-operated safe in the closet; you get the keys from the front desk at check-in. Complimentary wired high-speed internet service in the rooms works well. This is an older building, so you get a window air conditioner as opposed to a built-in climate control system. My room (a deluxe room) had a balcony with a couple of chairs, and a sofa and coffee table. One of my co-workers had a standard room which didn't get the sofa or coffee table.The lobby area is smaller than it looks in the photos (and the chairs there aren't particularly comfortable) but it's airy and inviting. It's also outside, which you can't tell from the pictures, meaning it gets pretty warm and wet there while you're waiting to check in.The guest laundry could probably use another washer/dryer or two, since it seemed there was always a line down there.Parking is also cramped; they only have 18 parking spaces (and charge $18/day) so keep that in mind if you're renting a car (it was a non-issue for me - I bought a bus pass!)In the end, it was a good hotel. For where it is and what we paid, it was an excellent deal.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lexyrae
<Content>Loved the service My boyfriend and I recently stayed at the Aloha Surf in Waikiki in one of the deluxe rooms. It was a very nice room, had plenty of space and was really well located on the Ala Wai canal close to Waikiki Beach. Waikiki beach is only 2 blocks away and there were so many beach areas to choose from as well as great restaurants and fun places to shop. The hotel staff was really friendly and helpful and they hosted a cocktail hour on Tuesday night in the lobby which was really fun. The management staff concocted their own version of a blue hawaii which was delicious! We had a chance to talk to other patrons and mingle and met some really nice people there. Everyone we talked to seemed to really enjoy the hotel. In the mornings the continental breakfast served delicious macadamia nut muffins and fresh fruit which was great, and the robes in the rooms were really comfy and cozy. My room also had a small refrigerator, microwave, kitchen sink and counter area and dishes so we were able to make small meals in our room. This hotel was a very good value for the price and I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LW23
<Content>Good deal and nice hotel... I stayed there for 10 days in one of the suites. My original reservation was for a standard room but when I arrived and went to my room I was really upset. They gave us really nasty room which overlooked the back of adjacent hotel. It was disgusting to see the garbage instead of the nice views. So beware what you're booking! It can be a real nightmare if you get a room like that. Fortunately, I requested that they move us somewhere else and they did move us to the suite on last floor. Upgrade was NOT free so that was not something extraordinary in terms of service. Suite itself was really nice. Clean and spacious with a decent balcony with the partial view of the beach and mountains. Breakfest was poor as they only serve pastries and yogurt. Don't count on getting your daily calories there and be ready to spend some extra cash for food. There is a nice grocery store right next to the hotel so that's very convenient. Waikiki is 3 or 4 blocks away and night attractions are also nearby. I totally recommend that you rent a car and drive to the north part of Oahu. It's much nicer than crowded Honolulu and beaches are much more beautiful. However, that's a day long trip...Overall, good experience but not without the problems!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pillickbeam
<Content>Very happy, great location. For a really good rate, we stayed one night in a twin room. Got upgraded as we arrived quite late. Very happy with the really good service, no parking left but the receptionist was extremely helpful in finding local cheap/safe parking. Room was clean and spacious, good views and very quiet with nice facilities and touches. Great location set back from the busy streets along the beach but a stones through away from the area. Highly recommend.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>ssabsolute
<Content>Cost Effective. Clean. Close to beach. I got a lot for my $ My review title says everything. I will stay here again. For sure.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>HawaiianFirefighter
<Content>Very Clean I thought this hotel was well worth the money. It was very affordable. It was very clean and the staff was very accomodating. I was very impressed. I travel to this island a lot and I will be visiting them from now on.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aramac
<Content>Convenient and economically priced Where else can you stay only 2 blocks from Waikiki Beach for $100 a night?!? Complimentary continental breakfast is tasty, and every Tuesday night brings complimentary drinks in the lobby!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>anonymousMelbourne
<Content>great hotel! 3 blocks from the beach, friendly helpful staff, room was small but sylishly furnished with flat screen tv, mircowave, fridge, robes. Beach towels at front desk, breakfast included. CLEAN!Couldn't have been more pleased with this hotel. We stayed at the Doubletree on our way back which was more expensive and did not have a microwave, robes or breakfast ---and was further away from the beach! Highly recommended!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HelenaSC
<Content>Highly Recommed!!!! I stayed there for a week and everything - service, room, TV, Internet were excellent. I ordered a mid-size room but when I arrived they no longer had those and did a free upgrade to the LUX. All faxed documents from Activity Store was promptly delivered to my room. Wonderful and very helpful stuff! A+++  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jelleric
<Content>Great value This hotel was incredible. It has a microwave, fridge, balcony, free in-room safe and free in-room internet (ask for an ethernet cable). Coin laundry in basement ($1.25 each wash and dry). The elevators are fast, the location is convenient, and it's cheap. It was the perfect value. I ran into a guy who was staying at the Outrigger ($$$$!) and switched to this hotel because it offered a better value. It is absolutely close enough to the beach. We were lucky enough to get an ocean view. I estimate there are only 60 ocean view rooms in the entire hotel, so we were very lucky. We opted for the Superior room, a step up from the cheapest room, because it was larger and higher up. Complaints: Bed was not heavenly, but was plenty comfortable for me.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>glbtraveler
<Content>Good value, Close In Maybe I was expecting more, but when I first arrived I couldn鈥檛 believe that this hotel was rated as high as it was. There were two main problems. First, the bathroom was like something out of the 50鈥檚 (and not in a cool retro way, but in an old decaying way.) Second, while the PROXIMITY to things like the beach, shops and the bus line is great, the LOCATION leaves something to be desired. The area is pretty run down, surrounded mostly by low end studio apartments with broken appliances and clothes hanging off the patios. Since I noticed those two things immediately upon check-in, my first impression was one of disappointment. I wouldn鈥檛 have rated it over a 鈥?鈥? But I have to say that the positives grew on me and it gained a point or so after the first day. The room was clean and comfortable, the patio and small 鈥渒itchen鈥?were convenient, the common areas were very nice and the closeness to activities was wonderful (I have stayed in the past at the Maile Sky Court, which has - or had 鈥?nice rooms but was so far away from everything that the walk was excruciating. Don鈥檛 be fooled, you will do that walk several times a day to come down to the beach or shops or restaurants.) I was also pleasantly surprised by how quiet it was. We never heard other guests or the traffic or construction noise that others have complained of.So in the end I would have to say it was a good value for the money (we paid an average of $90 per night.) But don鈥檛 expect to want to hang out at the hotel much (either in the room or by the pool, which is small and stuck in between so many buildings that the sun never really hits it.) If you want more than a clean, comfortable place to sleep you will have to spend more money.Tip: Buy a few groceries like cereal and milk at the Food Pantry next to Perry鈥檚 Smorgy, it鈥檚 a full grocery store and cheaper than the ABC store on the corner.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	2	2	4	

<Author>Waterbid
<Content>Simple, but fine Previous reviews were mixed, and I was a little fearful reading them after having booked the room. However, it served my purposes well. The pool and the room were small, as others have said. And the hotel is old without frills. But the price was right, the room was clean, and the location was convenient. I was attending a conference at a nearby ritzy hotel, with rooms at special rates of  $240 a night! I only spent the nights in the room. I'd recommend it to someone on a budget attending a conference or meeting and planning to stay only a short time. The small frig, microwave, and coffeemaker and free wi-fi were nice additions..If you're coming to Waikiki for a holiday, it wouldn't be my choice.  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	5	

<Author>rubhed
<Content>Great hotel for the money       The room  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Jetstar(t)
<Content>Value For Money Stay       Early morning view to the left  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>SavvyDesigner
<Content>Looks can be deceiving I had researched this hotel plus many competitors before booking this trip. Its website raves it as a newly renovated boutique hotel. Their whole branding/marketing was also quite stylish. My BF and I booked a standard queen room, but had no idea it was going to be so small. Although it does seem to have new wallcovering/carpets, and furniture, there was really nothing they can do with the space limitation. The bathrooms were small, pedestal sink with no counter space, a very tight shower stall (with a faulty shower head that we had to ask to be replaced), and a sliding barn door into the bathroom because there was not enough space for a real door. The air conditioner was the worst, it was on the window wall and positioned right at bed level, the bed was literally less than 3 feet from the unit, so if you slept at night, you had a constant rush of cold air shooting directly at your face. Not to mention it was loud. We had to strategically move the guest chair in front of the unit and then clothes, bags, and anything on the chair to prevent the air from heating us. We would shut off the air, except the room gets very stuffy and also windows have no screens so we would be mosquito dinner if we had left the windows open. The staff was friendly, very helpful, when we had our rooms cleaned it seems like they never replaced our bedsheets or pillow cases, they just fixed it up, not a great cleaning effort. Parking was also a rip-off, $15/day. So we only had a car for 2 days out of the 6 days we were there. Everything is walkable or can be accessible by bus, but you will want to have a car to drive to some other very beautiful places, otherwise you are really missing the true beauty of Oahu. The only plus was the hotel was at a great convenient location. Close to public transportation and stores/restaurants. Somewhat quiet street.  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	2	4	3	

<Author>Bobw1690
<Content>Loved the Hotel My wife and I checked in on Wednesday, March 14. We spent seven nights at the hotel. We had a rough arrival as our airline lost our bags. Upon checkin at the hotel, the staff said they would make a note that the airline would deliver our bags. Being very tired, we went up to our room and turned in. During the night, I awoke and saw the phone message light blinking. I called the desk and they told me that the airline had delivered our luggage. They brought our luggage up to our room. That was the start of our very pleasant interaction with the staff. They were helpful with directions, recommendations. We have nothing but good to say about the staff. Even when we checked out on the March 21, one of the desk staff helped us carry our luggage to the rental car. We had a Superior room and there was more than enough room for my wife and I. The room was clean and well kept. The hotel had a good location and we were able to easily walk to most of our destinations in Wakiki. Some of the tours we took picked us up at the hotel. We plan to stay there on our next trip to Hawaii and we would recommend this hotel to our friends.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TomVancouverCanada
<Content>Very cozy and great location Fairly small unit but more than enough room for 1-2 people. Very clean and tidy. Great location close to pretty much everything. The only knock i had was the small pool area that didn't get sun for a few hours each day. Very comfortable padded deck loungers though.Great value for the money spent.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>eggie62
<Content>Incredible Aloha Spirit! Our stay was incredible and in large part due to the housekeeping staff (Florencia Daga). Rooms were quite clean and the staff was very friendly. We'll be back again in 07. Keep up the excellent service!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AlaskaLady
<Content>"Boutique" must be French for small!! We booked a private condo through CraigsList. It was clean, but the condo was a very tiny hotel room with a fridge, microwave, and toaster oven. Our room did not have a balcony, just lever windows. The air conditioner did not cool the room efficiently. The staff at the front desk was not motivated for customer service at all. There were many times when there would be 3 staff, and it would take a couple of minutes for them to acknowledge me. The pool was the biggest disappointment of all. This has got to be the tiniest pool in Waikiki, and there are literally only 6 chairs to use. The location was fine, just a few blocks from the beach and right next to the grocery store parking lot. Also, there was construction right outside our windows every day for 9 days....men peering in and lots of noise starting at 8am. I doubt I would ever stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	-1	1	1	

<Author>HawaiiTourist
<Content>Comfortable,Friendly my stay in aqua aloha surf was super. i love the staff especially the housekeepers. they made my stay very comfortable. i would surely recommend to my friends. P.s. Thank you aloha surf  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	5	4	

<Author>honoluluangel
<Content>Loved it!!!!! My family and I stayed here for 3 days and we really enjoyed it. It is very clean and the staff was so friendly and hospitable; Housekeepers are well trained and made sure we are well taken cared of specially Merlinda!!!You rock! Thank you for feeding us!!!Aloha Surf is the BEST!!!!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>drmarkeh
<Content>Thank You Aloha Surf We checked into the Park Shores and were shocked about the small size of the room and the condition of the room. So to save our vacation we approached the Aloha Surf.They quoted us a cheaper rate, the room was bigger and the decor newer. We were much more comfortable with our stay. For a Budget Hotel this is a great deal. With the money we saved on Accomadations we were able to book a treatment in one of their Spa's.Thank you AQUA Hotels for doing a budget experience with some real class.Note: We stayed at the Aloha Surf and this was three blocks from the beach in front of the Outrigger Surfrider and the Royal Hawaiian. If you don't Surf you don't need to be that close to the beach. We were next to Kuhio so we had access to all buses.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lucky_happy
<Content>For the price I've paid, it is a good choice! This hotel is a good choice if your budget is around $100 or lower. We booked our stay with (--)and personally I think this is a good booking agent to be introduced to everyone. The hotel is kind of noisy at night, but there is same problem with majority of hotels in Waikiki area. You can not really avoid street traffic sound at all unless you are paying $200+ for 4 star hotels.Our room was clean, the housekeeping staff is doing a good job.The continental breakfast is served at lobby area, fresh muffin with freshly washed fruits. The breakfast ladies are great in personality and are very polite.As to front desk, I would say overall the ladies are doing a better job than men in this hotel, even though they are all helpful.The Aqua management has a great attitude which is suitable for this industry, which can be seen from the small comment card left on your desk with manager's signature.The free internet service is very thoughful and considered a major benefits for guests.Overall, this is a good hotel if you are on budget. We didn't find any major problem with the hotel during our stay, and you should not either unless you are paying a lot more.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>jjsc
<Content>Not good enough - there are better places for same price. Stayed at the Aloha surf for two nights during the Christmas - New Year week (2006).I knew by reading the previous reviews that the place was notgreat, but it is nothing more than a place to sleep. For thesame amount of money, I am sure that I could have founda better place.A good shower is a basic necessity, and that was lacking. I don't mind a small standing shower, but the water pressureshould be good. No amount of adjusting helped get enoughwater. Also the temperature kept on fluctuating.We were on the 14th floor, so didn't have problems withstreet noise, etc. Also the AC worked so that was good.The balcony was closed due to spalling work going on at the time (the hotel apologized for it with a $2 box of chocolates)The beds, kitchenette, closet, etc. were adequate, but everythingfelt a little too cramped.Breakfast was OK, and I can see that it would be a plus forsome people. Thumbs up for the staff. They knew when we checked in thatwe are three people, and there are only two sets of towels inthe bathroom. They sent up a third set before we even askedfor it.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>njlillegard
<Content>Everything you need We stayed here for the U2 concert weekend. We were 'upgraded' from the Aqua Marina where we had originally booked. Staff at both places were friendly and welcoming. The front desk helped with shuttles and information that saved us $$$. The bed wasn't great, but for one night, it worked. Other room amenities were fine. Overall, an easy low-key place to crash. Walking to Waikiki took 5 minutes, so don't think that location is a negative.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>rwalker66
<Content>Adequate if all you need is a place to sleep About as far from Waikiki Beach that you can be without being in the Ala Wai Canal. You have to cross both busy Kuhio Avenue and Kalakaua Avenue to reach the beach. And when you walk down the street the hotel is on at night it is quite dark due to overhanging trees and inadequete lighting. There were also some iffy characters hanging out in that darkened section including 2 people who looked like they were about to come to blows.I was assigned a room on the 3rd floor. It had no balcony and no view - unless you count looking in other peoples windows a view. The windows in the room are the kind that are glass slats that you open and close by turning the handles. There are no screens to keep out the mosquitoes. Unfortunately when I entered my room one window was wide open and there was no way to close it as the handle was missing. My room was probably mosquito central by then. On my way out I informed the desk staff and it had been fixed when I returned an hour later.I had to have the window A/C unit on 24/7 it was so hot. The air conditioner would make a very loud noise every 15 minutes on schedule which can make getting to sleep difficult. I brought a white noise machine from home and put it on the loud setting right next to my ear, that helped some. The shower was the size of a phone booth so if you are a person of size you might get stuck in there. Also if you are over 5'8 good luck getting a shampoo. I'm 6'2 and the shower head was about 6 inches lower than my head. I had to sort of squat and bend over sideways to get my head wet. Also both faucets were labelled C for cold, so good luck your first time in figuring out which one is which. You might get scalded.There was a sign in the elevator saying the pool was closed from October 11 until a date to be determined. I don't use pools but just an FYI in case you wanted to. It said you could use the pool at another Aqua hotel if that helps. Have fun finding it.Breakfast has gone downhill since the previous reviews. It was not delivered to my door, and there was no can of iced tea or nice yogurt. You went down to the lobby and got a piece of fruit out of a basket or muffins out of other baskets. For drinks they had those big clear plastic dispensers where you can dispense a cup of orange juice or pineapple juice. There was a coffee machine too although it said you had to pay $2.00 for some of the coffees.Some of the staff were rude and when you went to the front desk they would ignore you for a while then look up like Why are you bugging me?. There was a real nice young Asian girl there though who was friendly and attentive. She was the exception rather than the rule.There is free wireless broadband but I don't have a laptop so that was no good to me. They should have some desktops set up to use for free.Pluses:Grocery store close by, modern furnishings, LCD TV with about 30 channels including MTV and VH1 (although I only watched the TV when eating breakfast in my room or at night when I got in), free internet access if you have a laptop. Fridge, microwave, coffee maker and hair dryer in room, hangers you can actually remove from the closet, price to stay there, close to International Marketplace, free daily newspapers, and a free safe in the room. So basically if all you need is a place to sleep, don't need a pool, don't mind a long walk to the beach, and don't mind some room problems then this place should be adequate for you.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gsnichol
<Content>Decent place for the price This hotel was one of the better value that I found when I was searching. Sure, it's not on Waikiki beach but it's only about a 10-15 minute walk away. The rooms are quite small; I think two people would have been almost on top of one another in the room I had. The room was airconditioned and I used this most of the time since although Honolulu is quite breezy which tempers the humidity, the position of the window wasn't always where the wind was blowing.The hotel offers breakfast which is little more than a can of orange juice and a cake, but you can drink and nibble as you get dressed. The hotel also had wired internet which was reliable.I did see one or two street girls in that area but that is pretty typical for Waikiki so if you ignore that then the hotel is good value for money. Be prepared to pay for the car parking space, and you have to reserve it in advance.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>chris1916
<Content>Aqua Aloha Surf Rocks We booked this hotel through Delta as a combined Air/Hotel package for a week. I would definately come back and stay here. They upgraded us when we arrived and were given a room on the top floor that had a view of the Ala Wai Canal and Waikiki. If noise bothers you, then I would suggest getting a hotel outside of Waikiki. Waikiki is the hub of this island and everyone stays here. Continental breakfast delivered to the room each morning when requested. Nice touch! The front desk staff were always friendly and greeted us with Aloha. My son said the sofa bed was on the uncomfortable side, but he was ok with it. There is an ABC (7-11) Store a block away for knick knacks and snacks. Also a smorgasboard restraunt on the same block that has a $10.95 dinner deal. Best food deal in the area. Buy your chocolate macadamian nut candy at the ABC store. If you wait until the airport, you will pay triple the price. The hotel does not have a big parking garage. We paid $50 for a week of parking at the Waikiki Banyan about 4 blocks away. I enjoyed the walk to pick up the car when needed. This is a great hotel with a great staff. We will stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>westexmom
<Content>Satisfactory stay Check in was quick, and the front desk personnel was friendly. Breakfast was brought to the room on the mornings that I requested. The location of the Aloha Surf was just a short walk to the grocery store, bus stop, restaurants, Waikiki Beach and stores. Although there was some mold in the shower, it was not as bad as I had expected from reading a previous review, and my window was facing an apartment complex where there were some noisy occupants, but the price was very reasonable. I was satisfied with my stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>SRiches
<Content>Bit noisy and rubbish shower, but otherwise ok We stayed here for 2 nights - October 11 and 12 and paid around $95 for a queen bed in a superior room.To summarise : if you're prepared to accept the downsides below, I think it's a good place to stay in Waikiki bearing in mind there are limited options in the 'under $100' price range ! NoiseThe design of the windows meant that they didn't close properly so, despite being on the 14th floor, we heard a bit of street noise from around 6am - the noisy refuse collection (as another reviewer mentioned) and cars on the street. However, I think some noise is to be expected in a city so we didn't mind too much. In addition, the air con unit was pretty noisy. Ear plugs would be a good idea :-) Rubbish showerThe shower was clean and well - kept but the water came out as little more than a dribble and it was the worst waterflow of the 7 hotels / condos during our trip round California and Oahu! WorksThere were notices in the lobby saying :1) from October 'until further notice' the pool is closed (I think it said for safety reasons) - this didn't bother us but I expect that some people would mind.2) they are doing work to several balconies so don't leave anything on your balcony etc - fortunately our balcony was not affected.3) they are doing work to the car park, which meant that there were only 8 or 9 underground spaces available - however, we got lucky and had a space on both days. They did give us a list of other places to park nearby, although I think they were open air so possibly less secure. BreakfastAs others have said, it was inadequate (a small muffin, can of iced tea, nice yoghurt) and was less than any other hotel breakfast on our trip in the same price bracket. On the plus side, it was delivered to your room and you could choose one of 4 20 minute time-slots, starting at 7.30am. Top tip: one day we went to the Seaside Cafe on Kuhio Avenue (8 mins walk) for a v. tasty $2.99 breakfast of pancakes, scrambled egg and bacon. Good points about the Aqua Aloha : nice location (our room overlooked the canal and golf course to the side), decent price, clean, the room was tastefully and recently decorated and in great condition. The flat screen TV was a nice touch too. The reception area had some comfy, colourful sofa's. Finally, if you can, pay a bit extra for a 'superior' room - after we'd opened our suitcases there was little room for manoevre so I dread to think how small the 'standard' rooms are :-)  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>perrotcamper
<Content>Liked the service disliked the street noise Super friendly and attentive staff, breakfast delivered daily. Room with a view over the Alai Wai canal to the public golf course and the residential hills above Waikiki. Street noise was annoying until we closed the windows and turned on the A/C. Then sleeping was quite pleasant.The small balcony was nice for coffee and to watch the sunrise. It was a short walk to the International Market (about 1 block), Waikiki beach about 2.5 blocks. The Honolulu police regularly patrolled the area and we felt safe at all hours.We had to use a parking area 4 blocks away due to construction in the hotel's parking area.The pool and pool area were quite small but afforded a nice shady area during an unusually hot spell. We enjoyed our stay a great deal.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CarmellaJ
<Content>Great Hotel for the following reasons: 1) Price 2) Microwave + refrigerator in every room 3) Knowledgable staff members and 4) Upon my return home, I realized I had forgotten some of my belongings in the hotel room - I quickly called the hotel and they sent me all my items! Truly, the price is awesome for a stay in Hawaii. Though the location is 2 blocks away from the beach, it's really not that far of a walk. Besides, you want to see the sights. You could spend more $ to stay somewhere right on the beach, but if you want to save and use that money to actually go out and DO things, then you can't go wrong with this Hotel. Before going to this hotel, I read some previously posted reviews and I expected a small shower and mini pool, which is all true. Aside from that, all staff members were helpful to me and the group of people that went on the trip, and they provided maps and instructions on which bus lines to take to different sites. Lastly, I am very grateful to the staff for sending me all the belongings I had accidentally left. Nothing was missing and the package was sent to me promptly. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	4	4	

<Author>adaj
<Content>Hotel is nice but service sucks.... So I just got back on Wednesday from a wonderful 5 day 4 night stay in Waikiki. I have been to Hawaii many times before. I used to be a flight attendant, and not only did I have layovers in HNL, but I also took several vacations there. I am making it a point to write this review because trip advisor is how I ultimately decided to stay at the Aloha Surf hotel and hopefully this helps other vacationers out there. I started planning this trip about a month and a half ago. Once I decided to go back to Hawaii, I booked my vacation package on United Airlines. Through their website, there were many hotel options. I knew that I did not want to spend a lot of money on the hotel, because I wanted to be able to use that money on excursions and good eating. My brother just went to Hawaii for his one year anniversary and spent over $1400 to stay at the Hilton Hawaiin Village. Considering all he did was sleep there, I wasn't gonig to make the same mistake. I decided to stay at the Aloha Surf because it received pretty good reviews, was right in heart of Waikiki, and was definitely financially appealing.The pictures on tripadvisor are pretty accurate. I arrived at the hotel on Sat. morning and was impressed with the lobby. The lounge chairs, flat panel TV and blue lighting were nice and inviting. I was pretty happy with my decision. Usually hotel photos are much nicer than the real thing. In this case, I was impressed (at least for now). I walked up to the front desk where three guys were talking to eachother. One guy (I am guessing he is the Manager on Duty-sits at the desk on the side) told the other guy to check me in. They seemed bothered as if I was interrupting them. The check in was quick. Here are your keys. Enjoy your stay. I had to ask HIM how his day was going. No welcome, no can I help you with bags, nothing. I didn't event get a cold face towel at check in (I thought that was part of the deal) This was just the beginning of the service I would be receiving. The hotel room was nice, with new decor, comfortable beds, and an air conditioner that worked. The flat panel TV was nice, although limited channels, no pay per view or gaming options. And no automated voicemail system. My friend who lives there called the hotel several times. On time, he said the phone kept ringing and ringing, only to be later asnwered by someone at the Front Desk who rudely told him we were not in. Another time he called, housekeeping answered the phone. Not sure if that is protocal. Actually I know it is not. I am no longer a flight attendant, I now work as a Sales Manager for a large hotel chain. That is probably why I am noticing all these points.The next 4 days would be more routine, since I was now used to the hotel. I have to admit, location wise, the hotel is great. Just two blocks from the main street and Waikiki beack. The bus system is great and can take you just about anywhere for a couple bucks. The hotel itself was nice. Here are some pros and cons:Pros:Location-near everythingPrice-can't beat itNice rooms-decor and air conditiningCons:Service, Service, Service - On Sunday, we decided to go parasailing. I went downstairs and pulled a brochure for Hawaii Parasail from the brochure stand. Again, the gentleman who I am assuming is the Manager on Duty sitting at the desk to the side, looked at me like I was in his space. I asked him if Hawaii Parasail was a good company to go with and he replied rudely I wouldn't even know. You are a manager? Sitting at what one might confuse as a concierge desk? Live in Hawaii? Cater to tourists and vacationers? Must have parasailed at least one? And that is the best response I can get. Then later on he was at the desk when I asked for towels and made this face again like I was interupting him. I can tell you this. If he was working at my hotel, he would defnitely not be in a customer service position with us. Maybe dishwasher or laundry man. He needs to go!The front desk clerks just kept talking to eachother, joking around, and looking at guests as if we were at their door trying to sell them girl scout cookies or newspapers. That get off my porch before I shoot you look. NICE!No automated voicemail system and basic TV.Swimming pool is small and closed at 7pm. That's right. A swimming pool in Hawaii closed at 7pm. And one more point for the icing on the cake:I came back to the room on Monday around 2pm and housekeeping had not cleaned the room. That morning I noticed that the sheets had some blood stains. They were obviously clean sheets with older stains. No worries. I am in hospitality and understand. She came in to clean the room while I was in there, so I sat on the couch and watched TV. She went to straighten up the bed. Yes, straighten. Not change the sheets. Not change the pillow case. Straighten and re-tuck the sheets. I was in shock. I had to get up and show her the stain and asked her to change the whole bedding, which she did. I hate to think I was sleeping on the same sheets for 3 days but who knows.Well, originally I was going to say this hotel was well worth the money. For the budget minded it is definitely worth it. For someone who needs SOME decent customer service and hopefully clean sheets, this may not be the best hotel. Would I return. Maybe. If I do, I will definitely be more attentative to housekeeping and go with the knowledge that I won't get a whole lot out of the front desk. Why should I expect to? It's not like it's a SERVICE related job. Oh wait. IT IS! Never mind. I won't go back to Aloha Surf. I will go back to Aqua hotels though. I think they have a nice product, they just need to fine tune the service details. Maybe the other hotels are better. I will wait to see next year when I return. Until then, Mahalo!p.s. Not all the desk clerks were rude. On Tuesday morning when I checked out, I finally got the service I was hoping for. Thank you for staying with us and come back soon from a nice lady (pregnant) at the front desk. FINALLY! Didn't realize this wasn't going to be this long. Hope it helps.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MikekNZ
<Content>Worth the cost. I gave this 5/5  Why? Because it was worth the amount paid. It is not 5 star but then neither is the price.I stayed the previous 10 days at the Hilton Hawaiian Village at about 6x the cost and the HHV was not 6x better although still very good. The price paid was $80 per night booked via expedia. Includes internet and breakfast (the reasons i booked this place)The hotel was perfect for me, a single traveller finishing out the last couple of days in Hawaii in a different scene.  The room was small basically about 4x4m with a corner taken up by the bathroom - it was small but adequate. The fittings were the same as the pictures and more than adequate ( flat screen tv with 30 channels, microwave, coffee maker) The bathroom was average but not at all bad so overall the room is just fine if you plan to do what you should and spend most of the time exploring. Bed was fine and i had no problems sleeping. Pros:Clean room with the things you would expect TV is good and lots of channels to watch in the times in the room Free internet - cable in the room and wireless in the lobby - very easy to use and fast - with no seeming restrictions perfect for skype home etc Airconditioning - self controlled Free breakfast and paper (nothing special but free) Location - close to the action of the city and buses, resturants, abc stores etc. Lobby is nice and setup well for waiting for pickups etc.Cons: Older style windows (glass slats) which dont really help the street noise and heat that you get althroughout waikiki - if you can sleep with aircon on its worth doing it. Shower was dark when curtain pulled which was a pain. Small room - ok for one maybe 2 but no more.Other Breakfast is only available in tight range of times and not suitable times to get out to the attractions early (ie arizona you need to be there before 7.30 so means you will miss breakfast as first delivery is 7.30)No resturant, mini bar or room service - not major as there are things close Pool is small and was closed 1 of the 2 days i was there but again no consequence Parking - i didnt have a car but looked a bit of a hassle. For whatever reason this is not that well known a hotel so make sure you have the address handy for taxis etc as a lot dont recognise the name.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	4	-1	5	

<Author>HappySurfer
<Content>Not for "Pool People" If you want a nice pool, don't stay here . The Pool was not an issue for us, we walked to the beach, and were very happy at the Aloha Surf. The Front Desk will provide Beach Towels on request. We booked a Superior room, it was nicely furnished and clean. The Refrigerator and Microwave looked new. No bugs! Although the Bathroom was not new, it was clean and reasonably well maintained. The bed was firm and comfortable. We slept well once we discovered how to stop the wind from rattling our door (we used a hand towel to steady the door against the tradewinds)- and of course run the Air Conditioner to drown out Kuhio street noise. The A/C unit looked new, and performed flawlessly.The staff were helpful with our requests. Parking can be difficult in the area, but we only rented a car for three days and found parking for $15.00. We walked or took the bus most of the time. The Housekeepers are a bit quirky, and some days the room was cleaned more thoroughly than others, but we always had clean towels and TP. When I walked into the huge beach resort hotels, I was glad to be staying at the Aloha Surf. If you want a giant resort hotel with lots of service and amenities, this is not the hotel for you. We found it to be a good value, and may return again in the future.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	4	-1	4	

<Author>chanbru
<Content>Nice place to sleep after a day in the beach We stayed at the Aloha Surf that now is called Aqua Aloha Surf Hotel. The place looked decent in the pictures and the deal was good. We spent 7 nights over there. At first, I thought the room with a queen bed in the 2nd floor was too small. It was basically 15ft x 15ft (including the bath -no bath tub, closet and the furnitues). It was too tiny for 2 adults walking among luggages that I called the front desk. They said my reservation was for a standard room and it was the best I could get because the hotel was booked up. They offered us an upgrade for $20/night. After the 1st night, we decided to stay in the same tiny room because we realized we were out most of the time and coming back only for sleeping. The room has an adequate closet size, builky new furnitures, a cooler, safe box,alarm clock and a flat screen TV. The room was renovated and was confortable despite the size. Internet is available at the looby (wireless, but it did not work for my laptop for some reason) and DSL wired at the room (but you have to have a cable for it). The breakfast was delivered in the room every morning and it was a small muffin, yogurt and canned juice for each adult. Not much of food, but better than nothing. The hotel is surrounded by nice places for breakfast starting on $3.99 and good restaurants for dinner and lunch. Check the PERRY'S SMORGY restaurant one block from the hotel. Excellent deals on Buffet with simple but good food. The hotel is also located 2 blocks away from Waikiki Beach. Be prepared to know where you are going because the front desk is always busy and has no time to answer inquiries and give suggestions. I found that some of the staff was not knowledgeable of the vicinities, but nothing I couldn't find using the free internet. Overall, it was a pleasant stay. It was a good deal for the money spent. No luxuries, I admit. If you have a lot of things planned, you will not even bothered by the little inconveniences at the hotel. Like i said before, the place is excellent for sleeping after a day full of fun. All you need is a confortable bed to crash on. Another thing I liked is the coin laundry at teh basement. Very convenient. Would I stay there again? SUre I would.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>JKDM
<Content>Just Adequate! I booked our family vacation at the Aloha Surf after reading the hotel description on Expedia, i.e., completely renovated in late 2005, with new furnishings and bathrooms. My first impression was mild disappointment! While the room and the reception area were decent and looked exactly like the pictures on Expedia, there was a musty smell noticeable in the hallways and in the room. We stayed in a deluxe unit which had a twin bed, a double bed and a pull out couch, and there was a bar with a microwave and a small fridge. Yes, the furniture and the bar seemed fairly new and there was a flat screen TV, but the complete renovation of the room seemed like a half-hearted attempt and did not seem to include the bathroom. We had to ask to move to another room because the first room we were in the bathroom was unacceptable! There was so much mold in the grout of the tiled shower that my daughter and I had to wear our sandals to take showers and we tried to make it as quickly as possible! And to make things even worse, there was a faint smell of urine. The second room we were in was better but still the shower did not show any renovations. The positives of this hotel were the location and the staff. We were close to the beach - about 2 blocks away - and practically walked everywhere we wanted to go. The area seemed safe enough that my daughter and I were out and about up to midnight. There is a number of restaurants around, Chili's, IHOP, Denny's, as well as many smaller family-run places. There is a Food Pantry and an ABC store right around the corner. The cab fare from the airport was about $32.00 plus tip. The staff was very friendly and accommodating, from the front desk to the housekeeping department. Every morning there was a continental breakfast delivered to our room at the time of our choosing, and it was always on time. The breakfast was just a muffin, yogurt and a can of fruit juice, but it was a nice touch and nicely presented in a little basket. Overall, it was an adequate place but I think the description on Expedia was misleading. For all the good points about the Aloha Surf, I don't think I will consider coming back here for our next vacation in Oahu.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>2	4	2	5	2	4	4	5	

<Author>Lemonade1
<Content>Decent for the price I am sitting in our room at the Aloha Surf, having stayed here 3 nights (leaving tomorrow). I booked this room because of the free internet access and the reviews on this page. (We had just come from the Kauai Marriott--Fantastic place but they charged $13/day for internet access!!) For the price, this is a decent place to stay, including a small breakfast and the convenience of fridge and microwave. Our room is an odd combination of old (dated wallpaper, the shower is only slightly scary, popcorn ceiling, concrete lanai that is good for drying your wet clothing) and new (internet access--cable is provided but I brought my own--, flat screen TV, granite sink countertop). The carpet and furniture in this room are not new, not old, and comfortable enough. I stayed with my 2 teen daughters, and the room is small but fine for us--a double bed (on the small side for 2 people), a twin, and a fold out couch which we did not use for sleeping. I like having the separate couch/coffee table area for computer use. The microwave, in room coffee, and small fridge I thought we would use a lot more than we did, because food in the area is convenient and inexpensive. Breakfast is an average size muffin, a cup of yogurt, and a 12 ounce can of juice, which was okay for us. We did not use the tiny pool and opted for the beach. The hotel provides beach towels. The service at the desk is okay, not terribly friendly but we didn't need much. The location is great--a short 2 block walk to the beach, 1 1/2 block from the back entrance the the international marketplace. The Food Pantry is a full size grocery store on the same block, open till 1am. If you want a resort vacation, this is not the place; if you want a clean, no frills place in a great location to base your day, I would recommend the Aloha Surf.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Acme Tools
<Content>Price good, but so-so hotel After a lot of looking and getting somewhat desperate since everything seemed to be filled, I came across this hotel. The price was ok and locotion was in the vicinity of where we wanted to be. We had three adults, in a room that was a bit smaller than I anticipated. One bed was shot and long over due for replacement. The continental breakfast was poor and delivered to your room. The shower either had some mold or an interesting shower tile pattern, we prefer to think an interesting pattern. I knew parking was limited, but it was worse than I thought - they directed us to other hotels we could park at, 4 to 5 blocks away.I recognize the price was attractive and I was limited by my timing, but I would look further next time.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Creditcardtraveler
<Content>Fantastic!!! After scouring the Waikiki Beach area for a reasonably priced hotel, we stumbled on Aloha Surf Hotel. When we walked into the lobby it was an immediate sense of relief- the decor, the organization, the CLEANLINESS, promised a good room. And our room did not disappoint either, clean, newly refurbished, flat screen TV. LOVED the breakfasts- served in cute little baskets to your door when you request it! Juice, Yoghurt, and a muffin! Very clean, very organized. I couldn't imagine a better hotel for the price!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>aunry79
<Content>Decent for the price-pool issues I was a bit concerned about Aloha Surf after reading some reviews about it, but for the price, it turned out to be a decent hotel.It is a quick two block walk from the beach, which is good because you shouldn't plan on using the pool. The way the buildings around Aloha Surf are located, the pool only gets sun about 3 hours of the day. It was also super small and super cold! The pool closes at 7pm, so no evening, relaxing swimming after dinner.The rooms were nice. A double and twin bed, and couch w/hideaway bed. Flat screen tv, remote control operated AC, and a convenient kitchenette area that included a refrigerator, microwave and sink. No bathtub, just a shower, but that seems to be common of hotels in Waikiki. Everything was clean.Continental breakfast is delivered to your room at the time frame you choose. Don't get too excited though. It's just a can of juice, a muffin, and a cup of yogurt.I'm not sure what the view is if you're located on the east side of the building, but on the weat side, it's less then desirable-apartment buildings w/lanais that are used as storage.Overall, for the price, this was a good hotel. No frills-just a clean place to sleep. You should be out on the beach while you're in Waikiki anway!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OandO
<Content>Good location. Decent price. No frills The location of the hotel is 2 blocks from Waikiki beach and a few blocks from the International Market Place, which is in the heart of the Waikiki action. The room was okay. The beds were a bit soft. I got the Deluxe room which included a twin bed, a double, and a double size (or maybe it was Queen size) sofa bed. The mini kitchen came with a small refridgerator (the kind you have in your dorm room) a sink, and a small microwave. The pool is 5-8 feet deep and a bit bigger than a normal sized hot tub. The shower had some mold at the top and there was no bath tub. They provide a continental breakfast in the AM, which is delivered to your room. There's highspeed internet access (via a CAT 5 cable) for free in your room or free wireless in the lobby. The staff was efficient but not overly friendly and probably a bit overworked. We were not allowed to park in the garage below the hotel for the first night because they were all booked up. So, they told us to park at the Waikiki Banyan, about a 7 minute walk away.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Room, Service, Location I was not sure what to expect from any hotel after reading many reviews on many hotels in Waikiki. The Aloha Surf exceeded my expection. Not much of a view from our balcony, but who needs a view. Staff was a great help, and we were close to everything. Our room was clean, neat, and enough room for 3 people. 2 beds and pull out couch. If i would return to Waikiki, I would stay here again. However, I don't think I'll be returning to Wakiki anytime soon. No nightlife, and tons of tourists. I stopped here on the way back from Japan, for a quick vacation. I enjoyed the beach, snorkeling, and window shopping, but if I return to Hawaii, I will most likely go to another island.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Lexiee
<Content>Perfect for the Price Great rates, the rooms are clean and the staff is friendly. The pool is nice - smallish but the loungers are comfortable. The continental breakfast could have been a little more substantial (eg more then 1 muffin and a juice), and the rooms were a bit small (no bathtub - just shower) ... overall I would stay there again but pay the few extra dollars for the upgraded room on a higher floor with a balcony.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>davsyd
<Content>Needs Better Privacy Hotel is quite nice for the price.Our room was at the back of the building, so we looke d out to other apartments. The only curtains in the room were heavy thick curtains, that when shut made the room completely dark. This was quite a problem during the day as the residents in the apartment across from us could see right into our room. Espeically after shower, when at the basin it is so visible it is a joke. They need to install sheer curtains that when closed you still get light.The shower is the worst I have had in a hotel, there is no pressure AT ALL!!! The water temperature goes from hot to cold during a shower as well.The room itself it pretty good. Clean carpets, flat tv, beds a bit hard though. Our friends were staying at the Sheraton Moana and our rooms were bigger and nicer looking then there's!!I would look for somewhere else to stay next time because I could not handle the shower again but as we were there when the Pro Ball was on and valentines Day it was seriously, the only room left in Waikiki. But all up, I have stayed in far worst hotels!!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>jokerji
<Content>Great deal - decent place We got a good deal at this place and if you say you are honeymooning, you get an upgrade anywhere in Hawaii :)We got a room with a kitchenette on the 11th floor. We could hear garbage trucks pull up every morning, so if you are looking for a nice tranquil beachfront place, you are wrong. I was shocked at the parking rates and equally shocked at the measly breakfast. But this is Hawaii baby, everthing is expensive.Overall, the stay was pleasant. Free Kona coffee in the room was a plus..  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel for the price!!! Don't hesitate booking here. I'll keep it plain and simple. I took an impulsive trip to Oahu and stayed at the aloha surf from Jan 19-23 and I was pleasantly surprised. Most of the staff was extremely friendly especially this one guy at the front desk named Lance. I was on the seventh floor and I had a great view of the Ala Wai Canal and the houses on the mountain. The best part was walking around naked in my hotel room with a great view at hand. Now that's what I call fun. Newayz, the room was very well taken care of by the maids. Every afternoon, bed sheets would be folded, trash cans would be emptied, and towels would be replaced. The room itself included a tv with about 30 channels, an alarm clock, internet service for anyone who has a laptop, or for anyone stupid enough to bring their home computer, a coffee maker with coffee, a microwave, a hairdryer, and a large mirror in front of the bed for any exhibitionist out there. Every morning, complimentary breakfast was served which included muffins, juice and coffee. There were only two drawbacks to the hotel. #1 The toilet seat in my particular room looked like it had gone through world war 2 or as if a dog had chewed a chunk off the side. YUMMY! #2 I rented a car(almost a necessity if you plan on seeing other parts of oahu)and to park it for the day, i had to pay $15 dollars. Kind of a rip if you ask me. But all in all I think i got a bargain at the Aloha Surf. Hawaii freakin rawks!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Won't stay here again! I travelled with a friend and stayed at this hotel. We asked for two beds and got one bed and a pull out sofa bed. I'm only 5'4 and my feet hung over the edge of the bed. Also you could feel the springs digging into your back all night long. When we brought this up with the front desk clerk he shrugged his shoulders and said all two bed rooms in this hotel are like that. That's funny because I saw the maid in another room that had two beds not one bed and a pull out sofa. Breakfast was also a problem. We were to get a free continental breakfast each morning. Just fill out the card with the time slot you wish your breakfast to arrive at your room. We had to call every morning for our breakfast and twice one morning. When you have a tour bus to catch you can't afford to wait around for your breakfast. Finally the pool was only open for use once during our one week stay. So if you are wanting a pool I don't suggest booking here.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We'll be back!! My husband and I stayed at Aston Aloha Aqua Surf for seven days and it definitely exceeded our expectations! It was perfect for us. We got the hotel as part of a Suntrips package, so we weren't sure what to expect. The hotel just finished extensive renovations into a very cool boutique 'surfer' hotel with all new furnishings and landscaping. We stayed on the 9th floor and had an excellent view of the canal on one side and the ocean on the other. The room had tasteful furnishings and photographs and wall hangings and everything was brand new. The location was perfect being only two blocks from main street Kuhio so it was easy walking distance to the beach, surfing, dinner, drinks, shopping, etc. The room was spotless and well lit (lots of windows) and the beds were very comfortable and they provided a microwave and a coffee machine and an in-room safe and internet connection and the AC worked well. The rooms are definitely on the small side so I don't recommend more than 2 per room. However, if you are the type of travelers who like to hang out at the hotel all day and use room service and use the pool this is not the place for you - you would be happier at a larger hotel such as the Marriott or the Hyatt. The lobby is large and spacious with surfer videos showing all day on wall-mounted flat screens, but the hotel definitely is on the small side and is not really designed for hanging out. But if you want a very nice and inexpensive place to sleep when we're not playing on the island, then it will be perfect for you. Other notes: Hotel is very safe since all access is through the main lobby. Parking is $14 a day so be prepared for that. Breakfast was very minimal but there are great breakfast restaurants less than a block away. Other reviews mentioned this being a bad part of town, but it seemed just fine to us. We did see maybe 2 or 3 prostitutes during our entire stay, but I think they're everywhere in Waikiki after 10pm. Waikiki has a lot to do and is very active, so it can also be noisy at night. The noise can be remedied by closing the window or staying near the top floors or as a last resort bring earplugs. But if you need a really quiet place to stay I would recommend staying out of Waikiki and staying in a BB in Kailua on the beach.Have fun!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than I expected; not too shabby I visited Honolulu eights months ago, and I made sure to research hotels before deciding where to stay. I would have liked to have been in a hotel that's on the beach, but I didn't want to pay the higher prices; plus, we were in Hawaii for the outdoors more than the indoors. After researching for a few weeks, I decided on reserving a room at the Aston Aloha Surf. A few of the reviews didn't seem positive about this place, but some reviewers stated it was just fine. First off, I was surprised at how nice the lobby area looked, compared to the internet photos. We arrived at the hotel a few hours before check-in, so the person who checked us in, allowed us to keep our luggage (with other travelers' luggage) in a storage closet, until we returned from a close walk to Waikiki beach. Once we went up to our 7th floor room, I was surprised at how clean the hallways were. The room looked as if it were recently renovated, with a nice comfortable bed (room was not too big, but not too small), clean floors, small refrigerator, cable tv, and night stands. The only thing I didn't like was the outdated bathroom, which has a shower (no tub; which is alright). We did not pay for a lanai (balcony), but we were given one at no extra charge. Since we had the lanai (our room faced towards the east), we had perfect sunrise views, views of Diamond Head, the streets below and of the ocean. Not a bad place to stay for the money. The hotel is only 2 long blocks to the ocean, and we walked a few times. Enterprise Rental car is a few blocks west of the hotel, so that was very convenient. The Alawai Canal is across the street. When I go back to Waikiki Beach, and if I don't care about being in a hotel on the beach, I'll stay there again. Being there for 4 nights and 5 days, and only spending $550 apiece, was super cheap. Good place.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>capndrake
<Content>Don't be afraid of this hotel We were looking for a budget hotel that was clean and this place exceeded our expectations. The room (6th floor) was completely renovated, new furniture, carpeting,a/c, fridge, M/W, coffeemaker, and very expensive bronze art on the wall. At first, I was only hopeful that we wouldn't have the problems that other guests experienced, but this place was delightful. We called a week earlier for a non-smoking room and got an answering machine oh-oh, so called the booking agent, Travelocity, who called for us to ensure a non-smoking room. Within two hours, the manager also called us back to ensure our non-smoking room.  If you want large rooms, good restaurants, security police, go to the Hilton and pay three times the rate. If you don't want to see cockroaches and hookers, stay away from Waikiki. I never saw a roach, but you've got to wade through the hookers to get back to any hotel in Waikiki, and as the night gets late, say after 10 pm, their pimps force them to accost any male. This hotel is one block off the main drag, Kuhio, so they don't hang around here, but once you get up to Kuhio around King's Village, watch out. Other plusses--1 block from only supermarket in Waikiki, 1 block from ABC store but everything is, short walk to main Waikiki beach, Intl Marketplace, and all the activities. Minuses--rather chintzy included breakfast (Coffee not bad), almost as chintzy as I was in looking for a price, rooms certainly not big enough for more than two, Waikiki street noise had to be remedied by earplugs, but I've stayed in many hotels in this class here and have had the same problem. Last problem, if you decide to rent a car, you'll pay $$ to store it for the night in Waikiki. The concierge here was good enough to give us a couple of places to see about car storage, since they were renovating their own parking garage which is nowhere near big enough for their guests and employees. One was $7 per night, with in an out privileges for 24 hours. Bottom line, we'd return in a second.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would Never stay here again鈥?#x201d; We received the accommodations free of charge, so we can鈥檛 very well complain about being overcharged or ripped off. However, if you are planning to pay for this hotel here is what you are in for:ROOM was tiny; we called it 鈥淭he Shoebox鈥?the hotel offers larger rooms I would suggest upgrading. SHOWER was gross bring flip flops to wear while showering. AIR CONDITIONING UNITS leak from the balconies and spray you while sitting on your balcony.NO COUNTER SPACE in the bathroom.SAFE costs $2.60 per day.PARKING costs $14.000 per day.POOL was the size of a hot tub and I never saw anyone in it.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>sallyglam
<Content>Spectacular vacation and a fantastic budget hotel! I stayed at the Aloha Surf with a friend and found it to fit our needs fine. Some people seem overly picky when writing their reviews. Its no Sheraton Moana but I can't stay at the Sheraton for $59 - If you want Sheraton style...you have to spend the money.We were upgraded to the 16th floor, which had a great view of both the canal and water/city side. Paper was delivered daily (but who's reading the paper when you're in Hawaii?). Continental breakfast wasn't our thing - too much white bread and fatty stuff - easy fix - hit the ABC and bought fruit and yogurt. Staff was friendly, helpful and we had no issues. Room was cleaned daily - no critters - excellent a/c - fantastic for a two star. It's going under renovations this summer, so I can only imagine that it'll be even nicer by the fall.I would without a doubt stay here again. If you're going on your honeymoon or looking for high scale - don't bother with the Surf. If you are looking for a fun vacation in a good location with reasonable rates and a clean place to sleep - the Surf is perfect.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ailinaaloha
<Content>enjoyed our stay       Hotel entrance  
<Date>May 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Katelisdz
<Content>Its not the Wastoria People...but it was okay Location, location, location...The Aqua Aloha Surf is just a stones throw away from everything. Although we spent quite a lot of money on an upgraded rental car we only used it twice in five days because it was so much easier (and nicer) to walk everywhere. The rooms are a bit on the small side but they were comfortable and clean, the pool though was quite tiny and incidentally almost always empty.I found the surrounding view to be somewhat disapointing but Waikiki is a major metropolis and one shouldn't expect the romantic setting of a resort.All in all I found the hotel to be worthy of the very reasonable rate that I paid. I went home relatively pleased with my stay.  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice place for the dough! the rooms are small, and the parking is a nightmare! But overall this is a nice place to stay.It's out of the way; but only 2 blocks to the beach.very good location. Good value.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wouldn't recommend We stayed at the Aloha Surf for the last two days of our second honeymoon/25th anniversary trip. We walked in in the afternoon, and we were immediately greeted by an argument between a woman staying at the hotel, who was having problem with a key card, which evidently hadn't worked on three different occasions. She was livid, even threatening to jump back there and start tearing up that computer! The manager came out, and fixed her problem. We asked if we could see the room before we signed anything, and were given the key to a room which smelled strongly of smoke, and looked dirty. We told the clerk that the room was totally unacceptable, so we were given another key to check out another room. Upon initial inspection, we decided that it was too late in the day to change hotels, and it would suffice for two nights. The room was small and had too much furniture in it (a double bed and a twin, when one king would have been great, and given the room more space). The carpet was nasty, the sink had a rusty faucet. a cracked sink, and an air conditioner that even out-noised the traffic in the street.When we asked about a bellman, we were told that there wasn't one. Okay, we can deal with that. They did have a bell cart, which we were allowed to use. THEN, the real problem. We were asked if we had a car, which we did, having rented one. We were told that there was NO parking at all, none, despite all advertisements saying that there was paid parking available. We were told that we could park at a public lot about 15 minutes away, and walk back to the hotel!! We stated our dissatisfaction politely, and asked to speak to someone about getting transferred to another hotel, with parking. After a few minutes, a very nice man named David came out saying that he was the hotel manager. He asked to speak to us, and showed us where he would allow us to park - in his personal parking space. He explained that he had workers coming every day, and that was why the parking was so limited. David was the only good thing about this hotel, though we didn't complain about anything else, because the parking situation was such a major issue.Every morning we were awakened at 7:30 by the sound of hammering and banging. The room was not inviting, and just a bit creepy. It needs a new paint job, the curtains have holes in them, the carpet is dirty and the room is just too small. The advertisements I had read online before our trip stated it had been completely renovated, but they are in the process of renovation - a clerk told us that the top two floors were done, and they were working their way down. The lobby is lovely, but there it ends. Nothing else about this hotel is appealing - save the possiblity that because David is the manager, things will get better. He is a wonderful, caring man, but in all likelihood can only do what he is allowed to do. He saved the end of vacation from being a disaster, but could only do so much. The room was disappointing on all levels.I would never recomend this hotel, despite the efforts on David's part.  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad, Not Great Stayed at the Surf in January 2002. Checked into a very small room for 10 days, could hardly move around! Was my first trip with my future wife, and wanted something a little special. Anyway, I talked to a really nice lady at the front desk and had some options for other rooms for a little extra, but couldn't move into them for a few hours. IN the end, she told us we were on our honeymoon, right and we said ok, sure, then she checked us into the penthouse suite. It was very nice...overlooked the mountians and canal. Anyway, we went to give her a gift the next day and found out she had quit that morning! We still got the penthouse, and had a wonderful time.Otherwise, not too far from the beach (about a 5 minute walk)...only spent time in the hotel to sleep and relax at night. Pretty crapy pool and terrible breakfast. If you get the right price, I would do it...just ask for an upgrade upon arrival.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>northmole
<Content>Worst hotel ever!!!!Don't see this part of Honolulu!!!!! This was worst hotel I have ever stayed at! I am a well traveled and budget savy person who has found many gems in my travels but this hotel is not! Talk about SCARY! Our flight came in after dark, and after checking in (staff was nice) I had to get the hell out of that room and go for a walk. Upon our return -fairly late, our arrival at the hotel was welcomed by hookers/ladies of the night if you will, all around the immediate vicicinity! NOT KIDDING! This area after dark is not where you want to be, the hotel front is wide open air, anyone can just wander in. The room itself was very old, stained and creepy (I was too afraid to turn out the lights for what might come crawling out. Upon sunrise we were greeted by views of all the tight cramped apartments right across from our room- concrete jungle. Before we fled the place I peeked at the breakfast which consisted of doughnuts/crumbs and doing battle with about 100 other suckers for 10 seats. This place is a hole! Only if you absolutely cannot afford ANYTHING else. We checked out the crack of down and moved to the Moana Surfrider- Heaven on Earth compared to this place!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible everything.... The real truth about this hotel - it sucks! We arrived very late at night, tired and just wanting to go to bed. We had asked for a king or queen bed - but - got a double bed. Who sleeps in a double bed these days! Apparently, most of their rooms have double beds. So be prepared! In order to get a king size bed, we had to pay for an upgrade - even though we HAD paid for a superior room. The night clerk was very rude and made no effort what so ever to help us out. The room - the carpet was filthy, no door knobs on the bedroom door, no dish cloths (we had a little kitchenette, small dirty shower, filthy deck, no deck table just 2 chairs. And one of the most frustrating things - NO ONE on staff at anytime knew anything about anything. Every question we asked - no one had any answers to. The pool is pathectically small and the 'continental breakfast' a joke. Would not recommend this hotel to anyone!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TinaYoung
<Content>You get what you paid for Because I was planning on staying in Hawaii for ten days after visiting LA, I wanted to try to save some money on hotels. The rooms were very decently sized (with an area for couch and coffee table) and had a wet bar with a mini-fridge microwave. My only complaints were that the carpets were dirty looking, the room was a little dark (even for a corner unit), the air conditioner barely worked (it was lukewarm air blowing out), and every morning we woke up to the sound of the wind. We were on a very high floor and on the corner as well, so every morning we were woken up by the roaring sound of the wind... we laughed about it, saying it sounded like we were in a wind-tunnel, but stopped laughing after the third morning. Otherwise, it's a convenient location for a cheap price, so just ask to stay on a lower floor.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel.. Just got back yesterday, 12/18/04. Very nice hotel, clean rooms, close to excellent restaurants and stores, beach 2 blocks away. I will go back to this hotel next year.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ToniVitanza
<Content>We loved the Aloha Surf Just got back yesterday (November 28, 2004) from a stay at the Aston Aloha Surf Hotel. I cannot say enough good things about this hotel and its staff. I want to say upfront that I am a 44-year-old flight attendant with less than a decade of experience. I have used my flight privileges extensively, but before joining the airline I traveled a great deal as a student and journalist and stayed in ALL kinds of places. I am anything but a spoiled traveler. (I trained English teachers in Poland in one of several previous lives, for goodness sakes! You can't imagine what a Stalinist hotel looks like when it hasn't seen maintenance in 20 years.) I read the opinions here -- every last one of them -- and the only one that made me think twice about booking at the Aloha Surf was the guy from Marin County who said the Marriott in Stockton, California was nicer. Well, I lived in the Bay Area at one time and I would guess his house in Marin is probably nicer that a lot of hotels I'd be thrilled to sleep in, so maybe he should just stay at his house next time he needs a vacation. Since visiting the hotel I am even more inclined to think he is just another spoiled traveler. (Or just spoiled.)I have stayed at several Astons in the islands, including the Honolulu Prince in Waikiki (wonderful if you're on a real tight budget) and the Pacific Monarch (nice if you want to splurge, enjoy a rooftop hot tub, and want a separate bedroom away from your kids) and at the Maui Lu outside Kihei in Maui. I will admit that I began staying there because they offered a rate for airline employees, but I'll say here that I don't believe my rate at the Aloha Surf was substantially less than published rack rates, and I think you can trust my opinions. (I have raked hotels over the coals in this forum even when they practically gave the room away to airline employees.) I have lost count of the number of times I have visited Waikiki since 1997 (my first visit).The hotel's location is FANTASTIC for access on foot to everything in Waikiki. It is also near bus and trolley stops and a taxi stand is on the block.We are aware that mornings are noisy in Waikiki. The beach is surrounded by a concrete canyon of high-rise hotels; yes, the garbage trucks and delivery trucks make noise. But generally mainlanders are awake by that time anyway. Waikiki is NOT a resort; it is more like the Vegas strip parallel to a beach with really great landscaping and no casinos. So we don't -- and you shouldn't -- expect peace and quiet. That's another part of Oahu, or another island altogether. Read guidebooks instead of relying on some postcard fantasy of what Waikiki really is.My husband (age 64) WANTED a street-facing room because he is a college professor who goes to Waikiki for the street vibe, the noise, the excitement, seeing people walk by at all hours. It was still not THAT noisy. Without our even asking, Helene (a beautiful woman who works the front desk -- Helene, why can't you come work for my airline? I need more colleagues like you) granted us an upgrade to Room 1201. It contained a double bed, a twin bed and a sofa sleeper that could have held two more reasonably-sized adults. We put our 11-year-old son in the twin bed and enjoyed sitting on the sofa and reading our complimentary paper in the mornings, when we weren't sitting on the balcony watching the moonlight, the sunrise, the lights of Waikiki come on or go out. The room was positively IMMACULATE. The mini-frig and microwave, big TV (with cable) and wallpaper and carpeting were all apparently brand new. The cabinetry had been repainted, the sink was shiny and the water pressure was strong and water always hot. The AC was on and the room cooled to 69 when we walked in. My only suggestion would be to replace the rather worn and narrow curtain in the shower stall. (There is no tub.) Yes, the towels might be thin, but the wonderful maid (who introduced herself by name, shook our hands, bowed, and explained very apologetically on Wednesday that we would not see her again until Saturday because she would be off until then) would give you as many stacks of them as you wanted. (And there were substitute maids until Saturday; from the regular maid's apologies we thought there might not be!) There are dishes and dishtowels and cutlery and a coffee pot, mugs and plastic cups and even a couple of pkgs. of coffee to make your own if you wish. There is a complimentary continental breakfast downstairs (near the small but beautifully maintained pool; how big does it need to be for you to rinse the sand off your body?) beginning at 7 am. They have coffee, several flavors of mini muffins, very very good mini croissants, breads, OJ and passion/mango/guava juice which I LOVE. (It is great with rum or vodka; bring a bottle with you and buy a carton of juice at the Food Pantry, a 24-hr. supermarket whose back parking lot is next door to the Aloha Surf. Grab a made-to-order deli sandwich, bottle of wine, beer or booze there too; also sushi to go and fresh fruit. A carton of eggs and some tortillas made the heartier breakfast my son needs and all I needed was one of the small bowls and fork that were provided, and the microwave. I had a papaya on my balcony every morning before going down for the official breakfast and they were 79 cents a pound at the Food Pantry.)During my stay I needed to email my airline and started to use the pay-for-use computer in the corner; the hotel lobby staff stopped me and warned me how inconsistently it worked. They directed me right across the street to an internet cafe where, for the $2 a Starbucks bottled cappucino cost, I got free use of the internet. There was safe in the room; we did not use it and did not get charged for it. Like every place, you had to sign a waiver. This is just defensive hospitality, it is not unusual.Some general tips for first-time visitors: Do not take the shuttle from the airport; it is the same price as a taxi ride and you have to stop at everyone else's hotel along the way.Take the number 22 or 58 bus for $2 to Diamond Head and hike up to the crater. It costs a buck to get in and $2 for the certificate at the top. Wear good shoes and socks and carry water and a camera and a cellphone so you can call home and leave yourself a message!We never fail to have breakfast at least one morning at the Pacific Beach Hotel, a very short walk from the Aloha Surf. This is the first place we ever stayed in Waikiki because we were attending an academic conference. The hotel is overpriced, we think, but breakfast in the Oceanarium is not to be missed. Go hungry...preferably before your hike up Diamond Head. My husband always wants to visit Duke's Canoe Club for happy hour and I always send folks to Iolani Palace in downtown Waikiki. Be sure to watch the video before your tour. Take your picture next to the statue of Duke. Every Friday night there are fireworks over the water (and there were on Thanksgiving night too) and the second Sunday of every month Waikiki shuts down for a food festival you will not want to miss. Splurge at the bar called House Without A Key; it is at the Halekulani Hotel (one of the most expensive in the world) but at House Without a Key you will enjoy the best Kona coffee, cocktails and coconut shrimp on earth while listening to a Grammy-winning band play Hawaiian tunes and watching Miss Hawaii hula dance. Worth every penny while you watch the sunset over the waves. If you're from the mainland you will wake up early and go to sleep early; do not cheat yourself by trying to acclimate to the time change (unless you're staying a long while, you never will). As soon as you wake up, GET UP; early morning in Waikiki is the best time to walk down the street or down the beach. Wander through the gardens in front of the Royal Hawaiian hotel (the pink one); they are incredible. To conclude about the hotel: If you let anything on this website sway you to stay away, you will be missing out and probably paying too much. We three agreed that is THE place for our next family honeymoon (that is what we call our vacations) and it is hands-down the choice for our next visit. (Spring break?) THANK YOU ASTON and the staff at the ALOHA SURF HOTEL.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ninjagirrl
<Content>Had a ball! I just returned from a 6-day visit, (Nov 10-16) and I had a wonderful time. I must say that I was nervous because of some of the reviews I read about this hotel. But I realized quickly that every hotel I researched (a whole lot) had some good reviews and some bad reviews. For starters if you are on a budget (like me) this is a great hotel. My room was clean and decent. It was fine for 2 people. The rooms are small-ish, but I found that to be the case at a lot of the hotels in Honolulu. Some of the complaints I read about in the past I realized were quite anal when I finally saw things for myself, such as: the noise level from the street- ok-there is noise, but this is Waikiki! People are walking, driving and just plain outside all of the time! If street noise bothers you then you should never leave the muffled safety of your house. The prostitutes-ok-well I have never been to a city that didn't have them!, The no-frills of the hotel-well I went to Oahu to see the island not to sit in my hotel room and contemplate on the thread-count of the sheets. I had a clean room, plenty of fresh, clean towels, a shower, toilet, sink, fridge, tv (which I turned on maybe twice), coffeemaker, safe, and a lanai with a decent view. Continental breakfast was cool, donuts, muffins, croissant, fruit, coffee  juice. A store in the lobby, Foodland next door(grocerystore), Zippy's, Burger King, Pizza Hut all within 1-2 blocks,ABC store on the corner, and best of all a short walk to the beach and all the shops! I came on a hotel budget-meaning I would rather spend my money shopping, dinner, clubbing, sightseeing and fun stuff, than spending it on a grossly overpriced room that I pretty much only plan to sleep and shower in, like most everyone, I just need it to be clean and safe! I had a wonderful time and I would stay at this hotel again. If you need to surround your self in luxury for the 8-10 hours your eyes are closed at night, go to the Hyatt or somewhere else ridiculously priced like that. (what? are the towels fluffier?your just drying off, relax)The staff was nice and courteous also. Had a good time and I am going back in February. Can't wait. (I did stay away from the Parrot guy tho, thanks to all the tips on that here, I saw him harangue a lot of people)  
<Date>Nov 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zacstar
<Content>Love it, coming back for more! This place is great. My partner and I spent a fantastic 10 nights there. Definite value for money and going back for more. The reception staff were most helpful when we arrived and needed to change our room due to a misunderstanding with our travel agent....they even upgraded us! Breakfast wasn't something to write home about, but the location is perfect, the price just right and the staff friendly. The Bradys in the Hawaii surf theme is brilliant. Well done!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just as good as the 1st time! Astons staff eager to please! My son and I were late to check in but it was due to the very overcrowded Alamo renta car! As soon as we came thru the door we were greeted by the hostess who still remembered me from last time !We got into the room it was on a lower level I prefer the rooms with a view asked for one and was glad to move all our things to the new room! The bellboy even rememebered me as well as the very nice and hardworking housekeepers!There was never any security issues at this hotel I left valuables out (who wants to worry on vacation!) No need to lock up your things in a safe the staff is all hardworking honest people who have been with the hotel for many years...Highly recomended for the folks who really just want a nice clean comfortable place to eat sleep and clean up!The delux rooms are fine for 2 or even 3 people noone goes to hawaii to sit in their room and stare out the windows!I will be back to the island paradise hotel with honest staff who care about their guests the way they do at the aloha surf hotel!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>decent with a great location The Aston Aloha Surf is a great choice for those who want to stay in a decent, clean and affordable hotel that is walking distance to Waikiki beach, restaurants, shopping, shows etc. There is a 24 hour grocery store right next to it, and it is about a 5-7 minute walk from the beach and in the middle of the tourist district. The rooms a fairly small but you won't want to spend too much time there anyways. The pool is a joke, but who goes to Hawaii and swims in a pool? The rates are pretty good and the room I had a balcony with a great view, cable tv, great air conditioning, a safe, a microwave and a fridge. I had an amazing time with my boyfriend on a vacation Sept 2-9th 2004. This hotel is good for the economically conscious who want a really great stay.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>needs improvement The hotel was nice but it needs some improvements. There was a tiny room air conditioner only in the room and to get any air to where the bed was I had to have a fan in the room. The headboards for the bed need to be bolted either to the beds or to the wall. Every time any one in the next room made any kind of movements on the bed the headboard would bang up against the wall waking me up. Also I do not know when they last cleaned the filter in the air conditioner it was filthy. If any one from the hotel reads this go and clean all of the filters in your rooms, it does not take that long. The rest of the hotel was nice and clean. The location was great, with in walking distance to many things. The staff that I dealt with was great and helpful no problems with them. Very promt in response to the few little things that I asked about. The maid who cleaned my room was great, real friendly. Thank you for everything.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tommy2pdx
<Content>One Could Do Better For The Money Spent a long 4 day weekend here a coupla years back and my feeling is Never again!. While the outside and lobby appear aesthetically pleasing, the rooms themselves (at least the one we had) were shabby. Why was Waikiki built with so much cinderblock? Admittedly, we booked a short time ahead and got a budget class room but that shouldn't mean an experience that's shortchanged. We got what I am sure was their dumpiest room on the 3rd floor that had 2 Murphy beds and a carpet whose color reminded me of baby puke. The bathroom was microscopic. Other negatives: parking was 10.00 a day in slots so narrow it took a shoehorn to squeeze into, street noise, flimsy louvred windows, a pathetic pool and THE LONGEST WAITS for an elevator that I have ever endured. We finally gave up and used the stairs....probably a good thing as the exercise would do one good. Positives: a grocery store right next door, easy access to H-1 and plentiful variety of restaurants along Kuhio. If you stay here, caveat emptor! You can do better for your hard earned dollar.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Aston Aloha Surf is Excellent Aloha! Carla here~~ Should you find yourself staying here, I hope you find all the Aloha many of us happy guests at, The Aston Aloha Surf have ;-) ... It was by mistake we ended up staying at the Aston Aloha Surf, but one I would surely do again...Where I wanted to stay was all booked, well into August...I was scrambling for a place, at the last hours...I researched and researched, but wasn't finding anything, and then I ran across one of the best mistakes I have yet made! ;-) Upon our arrival, we were greeted by a real sweet man (sorry I have forgotten your name) (Lance)? You were so sweet and had a country-mile-wide smile; you let me check out 3 different rooms, before I made up my mind ;-) Our room was more than I expected after reading the many negative comments about The Aston Aloha Surf ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~We stayed in room 801 05/19/04, and sadly left May 28, 04 ;-( ... I almost questioned myself about noise levels (It was almost too quiet) -- Having lived on Kuhio Ave. in 1982 (2465 Kuhio), I had expected there might be some noise...After a long flight from Sioux City, Iowa via Minneapolis (8 plus hours) ~~ I was quite pleased to stand in a hot shower for a good 20 minutes at least~~Each morning I had a great shower, as well as a few at night...(loved the water pressure~~That is very important to me, since I love hard pounding water, and soft flowing, too--one can get several flows from the shower head--which was real nice) ... My honey loved his showers, as well ;-) We smelled only our sweet lei's for the first few nights, and then, had our candle going when in our room and getting comfy, after many fun long days and romantic evenings, of enjoying beautiful Oahu ;-) My honey still has his first packet of Kona coffee we received the first day (we are saving it)...I brought coffee along (which we never even used--IMO, A good hint for guests who don't want to buy coffee while there (after the first night) at the wonderful Aston Aloha Surf ;-) It is true the kitchenette is very small, but we didn't really need it, with Perry's Smorgasbord just a good softball throw, (or maybe that's a Sammy home-run) towards the Ocean, from the front steps of the Aston Aloha Surf. (Perry's, Very reasonably priced, tasty, and a pleasant atmosphere--Waterfalls, candles, etc.) 9.95 for Dinner or Supper as Ken calls it...I challenge anyone to say that they can't get enough filling food or find something very tasty there--in other words, Perry's gets a 4 from this ole gal;-) The hotel staff was more than accommodating during our stay. One night I did laundry well into the wee hours; The laundry area (which is in the basement) is opened 24 hours and one uses a key to enter the small tidy area, making it a relatively safe place to do laundry late at night, or in the wee hours of the morning--There's 2 W machines and 2 dryers, I believe--Both 1.25 to use--I suggest going to (The Grocery Outlet 1199 Dillingham Blvd) which sells frozen and canned foods as well as housewares, health and beauty care products, and other such items--yet, not in bulk like other discount stores, but individual sizing, etc. -- And, there's (Price Busters 1505 Dillingham Blvd) too, for checking out reasonable prices for your laundry soap (I bought a bottle for 1.00 and left most of it in the room ;-) -- I brought along fabric softener sheets to keep our luggage smelling fresh, and for laundry I anticipated might need to be done...The Grocery Outlet would be for checking out the reasonable prices for food (if you plan to use your kitchenette) --- There's also a store not far from The Grocery Outlet that has a 10 dollar annual fee, with many great buys...Can't think of the name of it, but ask a local, they'll tell you where it is ... Another tip: Instead of buying block ice for days you may plan to spend a day at another beach or another area on the island, freeze an empty juice or milk carton, and that will work well in your ice chest, it's less messy, and will leave you with cold water, should that become necessary ;-) ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~In the wee hours of doing laundry, I had a great conversation with the neatest lady. (Nikki, thank you so much for putting up with me, and turning me on to Hawaii's (IZ of Hawaii) Your Aloha spirit will live with me always! ... I know I have spelled your name incorrectly, but you know I know, you are one special lady!!! I do hope you enjoy the little song thing I put together for you on my webpage about your most wonderful hotel and excellent hospitality from the whole hotel Staff! ;-) Mahalo!!!~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~We had no problem at all with our air conditioner--Kept it at 60 degrees and actually had to turn it off a couple times ;-)~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Many have remarked about about how small the rooms are at The Aston Aloha Surf ... Ken and I are not newlyweds~~ However, being in a smallish room (not that small--if you know Waikiki) We felt like newlyweds, I must say, ;-) ... We never used the pool; (I did look at it one morning after our daily free continental breakfast, and the pool looked very clean and inviting) We were lucky to hit the beach just one day the whole duration (went to Kailua Bay Beach--A very pretty beach--check it out, is my suggestion) ... We were too busy driving around the Island; I had to show Ken the Leeward side where I lived in Nanakuli, Makaha, and things from the past, that most tours won't take you to or show you ;-) If you are renting a car-the garage is easy to get in and out of, we never had any problems, and we were in a Grand-Am, -- true the parking is 8.00 a day but that is also true for most of Waikiki--and many hotels costs more than 8.00...Renting a car one can check out the Leeward side, all the way to the last beach (As far as one can go--just a little past that) IMO, The Leeward Side is not only interesting, but has some of the prettier beaches IMO, and there is an excellent golf course in Makaha Valley...There's also an interesting cave almost at the end of that side, with a marker across the street that explains a little about the cave ;-) ... That cave saved my life back in 1982--Long story ... I was real happy to read the marker that is now across the street; I now believe I know why the cave was my protector way back when...There's a lot of interesting history all throughout Oahu, ancient folklore, taboo's etc. --- Locals are happy to talk about such things if you ask them ;-)~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~One night while walking down the main street ---The one by the beach--We were lucky to watch a man with beautiful McCaw's, and a beautiful young lady holding 4 or 5 of them; maybe it was 6 very colorful birds...Ken held a brilliant green one, which fell asleep on his finger ;-) ... The fascinating experience found me chatting with a very nice couple...Strangely, the man knew my ex--The friendly tourist worked for World Airways when World Airways was still in Oakland, Ca. (My ex was W. A. Stores Super/they knew one another because of that)... That couple had to leave in the morning; I sure enjoyed talking with them, and talking about Bob. Bob is with God now (1991)...That was really neat crossing their path and sharing our journeys! That is something that is really neat about Oahu, IMO--All the people one meets, all the journeys traveled, and shared ;-) Many fine people shared their wonderful experiences with us, with respect to the Aston Aloha Surf and other things Oahu~~Belle, if you ever read this, it was a real pleasure meeting another happy guest from The Aston Aloha Surf--Hope you made it to the airport on time! ;-) For all of you lucky enough to stay in room 801, as you well know, it does in fact face the street~~ We never heard any noises that woke us up or disturbed us. I had no clue the walls are hear through walls; hope we didn't offend anyone, hehe ;-0 ... We would definitely stay again! IMO, Spend the extra money one would have to spend (for a room on the beach, or across the street from the beach) to enjoy lasting heartprints you'll cherish always, is my thinking! ;-) ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~We never waited 15 minutes for either elevator--There are two, that is true...Actually, when they were a little slow (which wasn't very often) we'd get in an extra kiss, breather, or remember something we may have forgotten had we been rushing. In Hawaii, Take it Easy, Enjoy, Hang Lose ... That's my thinking ;-)~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~I would like to suggest something to any family of 4...Where I was going to stay is a real decent place IMO, and has plenty of room for a family of 4, IMO...It varies on the price, but averages around 600. for a week per suite (different people own units in the Condo) There are several webpage's on this particular Condo. However, They are booked well in advance, I learned! I have stayed there (past tense) with my Mother and a young lady (friend) ... Each unit has it's own full kitchen/dishwasher/full frige/WD/FREE parking/many things not at the Aloha Surf; The units IMO, are great for a family, or guests who like to stay in (more or less) or cook, etc. ... You will not find the Aloha Spirit there that you find at The Aloha Surf, unless it's different now, and or you totally make your own/That's always a good possibility, too ;-)...There is a guard at the front desk area (A very small area) They have a nice pool, and barbecue area, if it's still the same as in 98 or 99...I have omitted the name so as to not break any guidelines with this write-up~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~I did LOL about the curtains at The Aston Aloha Surf...I noticed that ours gave us a light show, hehe ... But, like I told Ken, If I was going to stay in during the day, why be in Hawaii on vacation? ;-)...It just added to the sweet uniqueness of the Aloha Surf--When I did notice the peculiar light show (one early morning, I realized I wasting time sleeping ;-) ... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~We had a wonderful stay at the Aston Aloha Surf ... Great people and I have only Mahalo's for all of our hosts and the excellent staff, etc. ... I only wish it was longer! The thing we liked most about the Aloha Surf is the such happy-go-lucky smiling hosts, ~~ Location, location, (Close to the beach, restaurants, shopping, excitement, etc.) ~~ and the continental breakfast hits the spot for coffee, juice, muffins, toast, etc. (I only went twice; Ken went every morning/I'm a night owl--too early for me-7-9 AM?)...There at The Aston Aloha Surf lives a special feeling of true Aloha in the air!--It is a pleasant motel for the money, no doubt! ... If you are going to be driven anywhere, rent a car (which I highly recommend as previously noted) ... The reason I highly recommend driving yourself, are at least two fold...The Bus is slow, and impersonal, and it doesn't go to some of the more remarkable places, like the last beach on the Leeward side...I think The Bus only goes as far as Makaha Valley Plantation--I could be mistaken, too...I know it takes a long time to get there via The Bus...The bus is slow, oftentimes very crowded, and at best, it's difficult to take along all the things one might want to take for a daily discovery adventure, such as beach wear, ice chests, etc., not to mention any shopping one might do (finding treasures along the highways and byways of beautiful Oahu ;-) And, if you are a smoker, why put yourself through all that, too? ;-)Anyway, Try driving out of a Beach front Motel parking place to go somewhere on/from Kalakaua Avenue, (if you find a parking space--and forget what it will cost per night to park--much more than the Aloha Surf)---eeks ... And, if you are out of shape like we are, try walking to Kuhio Beach from a hotel on the end of the beach where it begins from the Ala Moana End--where many of the more expensive hotels are ;-) (Kuhio Beach, being the beach I prefer--it's better for swimming, and watching the young ones catch a wave, etc., IMO)... I could write and write why the Aloha Surf is one of the better places to stay for a short stay, IMO, but this is plenty long...I will be updating my noncommercial webpage soon (personal page about my experience at The Aston Aloha Surf)... More tips, etc. -- Keep in mind, To each his or her own ... I think we all have different reasons and taste, so who am I to say that one might be a happy or unhappy guest if one stays at The Aston Aloha Surf--I think it is sad to NOT just enjoy and be happy to be in paradise!!! ;-) Mahalo!Thanks again Nikki, for making our Stay even more special than it already was...I love listening to Hawaii's IZ of Hawaii ... You were right!!! For anyone reading this, If you like my Aloha Surf personal noncommercial webpage, you'll love and feel the Aloha Spirit at The Aston Aloha Surf ;-) I would love for you to sign the guest book on my webpage, if you stayed at the Aston Aloha Surf~~Especially, if you stayed in room 801...Or just sign it if you stayed in Oahu or want to, etc. ;-)In Wyoming (several years ago), this motel had a guest book in the room (one in each room) and called them a dream book--I thought that was so neat! It was real interesting to read where people were from, their travels/journey, and what was on their mind, etc. ... I believe that is what I love most about the Concrete Jungle of Ohau--One gets to meet and mingle with folk from all over the world, everyday, and everyday it's someone different, usually. Ha! -- Though it's a mass of concrete, it's always alive with all of our dreams, and the Aloha in the air, if we just look for it, and do it, IMO--Which IMO, is all found at The Aston Aloha Surf ;-) Oh, and the weather--that's just an added bonus!!!IZ of Hawaii says it all, Somewhere Over The Rainbow/What a Wonderful World...Mahalo to all at The Aloha Surf!!!I would list my URL listed but maybe that would cause my write-up to be unacceptable? I just don't know, so I won't put it in this write-up ... Sincerely,Ken  Carla, Very happy guests of The Aston Aloha Surf ;-)PS Don't forget to pack your daily delivered newspaper to your room, in your luggage--I'm still reading my nine newspapers ;-)Aloha and Mahalo! ;-)  
<Date>Jun 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I loved this hotel! My husband and I stayed at the Aston Aloha Surf for our honeymoon, and we loved it!. One can't be too picky when you're on a budget. The rooms are ideal for two people and the staff are very nice and answer all questions. I will soon be going back to Hawaii and I will be staying there again. If you're like me, and you're on a limited budget, this hotel is the perfect option. Think about it? It doesn't matter where you stay at, you're in Hawaii!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our stay was great! I've stayed in Oahu many times before this trip and my friends and I wanted a nice clean place close to the beach, at a great price. We were rewarded with a great staff (jennifer was a real sweetheart) clean rooms, and a wonderful aloha presence. The lowest priced rooms are extremely small so for just a little more $ upgrade to a larger room and you'll find a great place to stay for the best price in town... Lets face it if your going to Hawaii the last place you want to stay in is your room..The staff were truely some of the sweetest people I've met on the island!!! We truely thankyou and Mahola!  
<Date>May 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it... You get much more than you pay for at this hotel.Exceptionally clean, very friendly people at the reception desk, in the breakfast area and the bell hop service. Dont have a single complaint about the hotel. It's only two or three blocks from Wakiki Beach. Would love to stay there again if we get back to Oahu some day.  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Aston Aloha Surf I went to Hawaii on April 18th with my friend and I. My boyfriend attends college there and I wanted to surprise visit him. I didn't want to spend alot on a hotel but still wanted good quality. When we arived at the Aloha Surf we were greeted very nicely and the staff was more than happy to answer any of our questions and offer their suggestions on which tours to take. The rooms weren't huge but for more then enough for one or two people to stay in and they were nice and neat. I have read some very bad reviews about this hotel before I came there and was very woried about how it would turn out but I'm glad I didn't let that stop me from staying there. I would definitely do it all over again and I recommend it for the good price and good quality!  
<Date>May 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MisConMike
<Content>A comfortable stay First, a few particulars: I'm a 43 year-old male, making this (my first) Hawaii trip alone. I arrived late on a Sunday night to find that they had upgraded my standard room to one of their junior suites due to over-booking. They allowed me to retain this room for both nights of my stay, while charging me only for the standard room rate. Ahhh, Aloha at work already! Yes, even the junior suite was small, especially when compared to the other major hotel chains. And yes, the noise from the garbage trucks was clearly audible up on the 16th floor - but keep in mind that this is a common complaint that applies to nearly all of the non-beachfront hotels in Oahu! I found the hotel staff (receptionists, maintainance workers, and room attendants) to be quite friendly and helpful - they even suggested (local, inexpensive) places to shop to avoid being gouged. While my stay at the Aston Aloha Surf Hotel was brief - I was already booked into another hotel for the rest of my trip - *I* found it quite comfortable.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise Lost Upon our arrival, we were greeted no less by a hostile hostess. The room we were assigned to was not the proper room which we had reserved. In fact this room resembled a bit like a cell in Alcatraz. The ceiling height was so low that I could reach it without tiptoing (I'm 5' 7 tall) and the twin beds was inappropriate for a couple. After expressing our displeasure with this erroneus arrangement, we where transferred to their deluxe suite which did not even compare to the a regular suite at the Stockton, CA Marriott. The noise level was unbearable, and the next morning, they did not not have hot water for the showers. To top that, the shower curtain rod was not proper secured, this came crashing down (luckily we were not injured). With having to stay in this horrible suite, we found some solace in the fact that Honolulu is still a nice city (for its size) to visit. should you want to see this city, stay anywhere but here.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice  we flew on the hawaaian air direct flight out of vegas tour plan from american west stayed at the aloha aston surf  was happy / everything celebrated our 50 th  was treated nicely  
<Date>Jan 22, 2004
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>sucked stayed 12/29-1/6 rooms are very small, was blamed for breaking stuff in the room but never did, hotel staff blame us for the their mistakes. if u go to Honolulu do not stay here!!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rooms are small but ok for two people My husband and I stayed at the Aston Aloha Surf Hotel for 5 nights during Christmas week (Dec. 21-26) and found the hotel to be average. I had read some of the horrible and average ratings that had been posted earlier to this website and was not expecting something great about the hotel because of them and what I found is that it wasn't so bad. The way I look at it is that if you are an extremely picky person you will not like it, but if you are not so critical you will find it okay.The higher floor you get the better, we stayed on the 15th floor where the noise is not so loud up there but you can still hear music and noise from people partying all night. The music was not loud everyday during our stay, it was particularly louder during Christmas Eve and Christmas. I was not impressed with the continental breakfast and decided to skip it a few times. The beach is very close only 3 blocks from the hotel, the grocery store is next to the hotel and the Intl. Marketplace is about 4 blocks from the hotel so we didn't have to drive to get something from the store or to shop for souvenirs. There are many choices of places to eat around the hotel from sit down restaurants to fast food places. Overall this hotel was ok for the price.Aloha  
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sunworshiper7153
<Content>not overly impressed We didn't find the staff that friendly, and the noise in the a.m. was horrid! As previously posted, the garbagemen were out collecting refuge in the early hours of the morning. According to other guests that we spoke with, we were very fortunate to be on the 11th floor as the noise from the partiers on the streets at night was disturbing. The smell outside of the hotel was GROSS...it smelled like rotting something ALL THE TIME!!! The hotel gives you one package of coffee for your first day and after that you have to buy the packages. The rooms were clean, however the kitchenette in the deluxe rooms are a joke! The countertop was peeling and very very small! The hotel staff were not one bit accomodating to our very late departure from Honolulu. We asked for a later checkout, but were told that we had to pay for an extra day if we wanted to have the room after 12p.m.Bottom line here is that you get what you pay for....  
<Date>Dec 12, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Small but ok Stayed at the Aloha Surf Hotel in mid-November 2003 and it was ok. My room was clean but small. One other problem was that the air conditioner really did not work too well. Thank goodness it was peak summer.I'd recommend this hotel for the following types of travelers:1) College students who have some free time in the summer and want to get away without paying a lot of money. No frills come with this hotel, but for me, cleanliness is the most important thing, and this place has it (at least in my room). Our room rate was only $69/night for a double.2) People who want to be in Waikiki and are only looking for a clean hotel, but not necessarily one close to the beach. (This hotel is not within easy walking distance to the beach even though it is not geographically far from the ocean.) Staying at this hotel will allow the traveler to not spend a lot on lodgings and can put the money saved toward other things.-Mondetraveler  
<Date>Nov 22, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again! Me too! My Wife and I started our honeymoon in Oahu and found it to be anything but Island Paradise. This was our first trip to Hawaii and were planning on seeing paradise. But Waikiki was everything but paradise. So if you are looking for quiet away from every day city life stay out of the Honolulu area. The hotel staff was fabulous! But like most of the other reviews we have read here the rooms were not. The pool was a very sad site. It reminded us of the movie Vacation. It looked very dirty! Be prepaired, the view from any window in this hotel is going to be of high rise apartments with washers and dryers and hanging clothes from every single balcony as far as the eye can see. But if you look straight up you can see the beautiful blue sky. The walls outside the hotel on nearby buildings are ridden with graffiti. Yes it is close to the beach, 3 blocks. And many stores and restaurants close by as well. But every hotel has that. Our first room which we spent a whole 10 minutes in was so small that when we got our 4 bags of luggage in it we had to clime over the bed to get to the door! The bathroom was so small you could touch all 4 walls without even moving. We were lucky enough to get a 2 level upgrade. Unfortunately the room smelled like someone had a college party in it the night before! We went out and bought insensce to help. This wasn't something we even expected to have to deal with on our paradise honeymoon. But it was the only alternative and it was quite a bit bigger with a sofa area and small kitchenette equiped with a microwave and fridge. The staff was great and when they found out it was our honeymoon they sent up a bottle of Champagne and a box of Chocolate covered Macadamia nuts. This hotel was so bad we decided to leave the do not disturb sign on the door all day while we were out becuase we didn't want anyone touching our stuff. We may have been a little over paranoid but better safe than sorry. Thank God we were only there 2 nights. BEWARE!!! If a man walking on Waikiki beach asks you if you want your picture taken with his parrot. RUN! He assaulted me! Our first day in Paradise was not even close! But everything got much better after that day.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Again If sleep and relaxation are not your thing, then this is the hotel for you. (Thank you, Travel Agent!) Yes, the staff was friendly and helpful, but that hardly makes up for being waken at 7:00 a.m. every morning to the sounds of the Honolulu Waste Disposal department trucks taking trash away from all of the establishments on the street. If you are unlucky, as we were, to get a room facing the street, then you will find out exactly what I mean. The noise was incredible. The rooms, especially the windows, were not soundproof at all. Many of the room features are outdated. I would never stay here again. Spend the extra money to stay somewhere else, and make your entire vacation a positively memorable one.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelerMassillon_OH
<Content>They Paved Paradise and Put in a Parking Lot The rooms are very small and the elevators are sometimes very frustrating. But the rooms were clean and the staff was friendly. There are a lot of restaurants within walking distance, as well as the beach. You have got to try the Ahi Steak Sandwich at Chili's which is near the hotel. There is a grocery store next door to the hotel. The bathrooms in the rooms are very small with out of date fixtures, but I uess the price of the hotel makes up for this inconvenience. The only other thing that I can say is that they are stingy with their towels, but will bring more if you ask.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2003
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Should have stayed somewhere else... The rooms were incredibly small...and the two elevators from the lobby are the only way to get up and down floors...sometimes it was a 15 minute affair waiting to get up to our room. The walls were very thin, and we heard our neighbors talking all night long...I was quite frustrated with the accomodations.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay Stayed at Aloha Surf September 15 to September 22, 2003. Room was small, but very clean. Staff was friendly and responded quickly to a problem I had with the safe. Parking is a problem. They only have 36 parking spaces and 200 rooms. Everytime we went somewhere, we did not know if we had a parking space or not. If no spaces are available at the Surf, you can park right next door in the Food Pantry parking lot. Fee is $7.00 if you park after 6:00PM. If you are looking for a clean room that does not cost much, then this is the right place for you. There are a few ladies of the night in the area, but they never presented a problem and I never did see one of the working girls around the Aloha Surf. I would stay at the Aloha Surf again. Very close to everything we wanted to do.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Aloha Surf...Made this surfer feel at home Spent 10 thru 18 Sept. at the Aloha Surf. Upon check in 2 hours early, was given a free room upgrade from a standard to deluxe without even asking. The room was on the 8th floor, and though small, had two double beds, and a futon(pull out bed). The bathroom and sink area were very clean, and the view from the lanai was beautiful. I was more than pleased with the room after reading some of the reviews on this hotel. The staff was friendly, and I drank the coffee supplied to my room every day, and didn't have to pay extra for it. The lobby was beautiful, and open aired, and the continental breakfast was OK. The best part of the trip was that everywhere we went the people remembered us from our last visit in March(see review Ohana East Hotel). For those coming to Hawaii in the near future, there is no city transportation att. The BUS is currently on strike and has been for over three weeks and there is no end to the strike in sight for the forseeable future, so if you come you better know the Hawaiian directions because there is no I repeat no North, South, East or West, nor will anyone use those words, and I will not give you the Hawaiian words. If you want to learn these words buy a Fodor's or Frommer's to learn them and I guarantee, with no bus transportation, you will definitely need to know them. I guarantee you will not want to use the Waikiki Trolley at 20 dollars a day, so you will be spending a great deal of time hoofing it (taxis are expensive). Because of no citywide transportation, we decided to to to the free breakfast sponsored by Aloha VIP tours. The breakfast was great and we learned that by attending this breakfast we were able to get substantial discounts on the tours that we took. My son won a free luau at Germaine's and I bought my ticket for the luau ( we weren't planning on going to the luau, but I am glad we did). The food and show were great and I would do it again. On Monday, we went on a 2 hour horseback tour of the Kualoa ranch (I won that ticket for two at the breakfast) and the tour was perfect, after that we took the 2 hour ATV tour of the ranch( I bought that tour because my son wanted to ride horses and since we won the horseback tour we did the ATV at the same time for the same price at the tour we won). Both tours took us to where they filmed Godzilla, Mighty Joe Young, George of the Jungle, Tears of the Sun, Jurassic Park and others, we even walked in Godzilla's footprints. On Tuesday we did another circle island tour, this one by Robert's tours of Hawaii, a reverse of the tour we took with E Noa in March. On Tuesday evening we participated in the Great Waikiki Beach Endless Summer 2003 Pub Crawl where we hit 24 nightclubs in 12 hours. It cost us 35 dollars each but each bar gave is one mixed drink ($4.50) or a beer, your choice. My son had 28 mixed drinks (rum and cokes and one 180 proof tequila and I had 40 mixed drinks 36 rum and cokes 3 blue hawaiis and one fuzzy navel). We started with 63 persons and at 4 in the morning when the crawl ended there were only me my son and two young females from Sacramento standing. The reason we were standing is our martial arts knowledge of the Dim Mac (presure points) which enabled us to move the alcohol from the drinks to various points of our bodies enabling us not to get drunk. My son won 50 dollars of a cop because he bet him that with what we drunk we would come in under the .08 that Hawaii uses to consider a person under the influence. I was .05 and my son was .03, and the amout of drinks we consumed was confirmed by our pub crawl cards that were punched at each pub stop. on Wednesday we took a hikeing tour in the Koolau range near the Pali lookout. The first tour was on the Hono side of the lookout and the 2nd was from the Koolau golf course just below the Pali Lookout to about 150 feet below the lookout a climb of about 1050 feet. I highly recommend this tour through Hawaii echo if you like hiking. We saw the Don Ho show again and it was outstanding, He didn't try to promote his kids as much as last time, but he did show Hoku's new video. He didn't sing one of his normal songs that he always does, and I mentioned this to him and he gave me and my son free tickets to see his show two nights later (Saturday the 13th) and I wound up singing that song along with another song on stage with Mr. Ho., plus receiving every CD that he ever did. We also continued to start our days at 4am by getting up, going to the beach where my son worked out, and I surfed before the beach got crowded, then going back to the hotel about 5:30 to change and eat breakfast and do what we wanted to do before 10. We also did some snorkeling at Hanauma Bay (highly recommended), and lots of shopping at Ala Moana and the IMP. With no bus I do not recommend going to Pearl unless you can get a tour to get you out there by 6:30 so you can get on the first couple of boats out (Good luck), or rent a car. If you get there much after 7, you will probably have a wait of at least 2 to 4 hours just to get a ticket for the boat. I am not trying to scare anyone from coming to the islands, but as I said at the beginning, with no bus transportation around the island, you will need to know the Hawaiian directions because they will not use N S E W nor can you get them to say those words. They also use those words on the news and for the weather reports, also be prepared for major traffic backups if you rent a car, no bus means everyone is driving to the city. Good luck on your trip to the islands and I hope this helps somebody out. The reason I mentioned Fodor's and Frommer's is because If you buy one of these books at least you will learn the directions and not get lost, and you will also learn a little about your hotel before you get there. Aloha and Mahalo Nui Loa  
<Date>Sep 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very friendly   showReview(1274070, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>would not stay there again   showReview(1229417, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Roll with the flow   showReview(1213377, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2003
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Needs a lot of work !!!   showReview(1137638, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2003
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First impressions are lasting ones   showReview(1134920, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you are on a budget, and only if!   showReview(1109730, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>pleasant surprise   showReview(1022495, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>GREAT SURPRISE   showReview(906700, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value   showReview(829915, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent Hotel for Budget Minded   showReview(337687, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2001
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HDCAM
<Content>鍊ゆ鐩稿繙   showReview(22292993, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>truskina
<Content>Fenomenal   showReview(20548892, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Cozy5
<Content>銉曘儸銉炽儔銉兗銇偣銈裤儍銉曪紗銈点兗銉撱偣銆?#x201d;   showReview(20435159, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfehlenswert f眉r kurze Aufenthalte   showReview(19633121, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien situ茅   showReview(19633120, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹夈亱銈嶃亞   showReview(19914975, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel. Excellent rapport qualit茅/prix   showReview(19633119, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bon hotel   showReview(18529531, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A recommander   showReview(18529525, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bonne situation g茅ographique   showReview(17428666, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浠ュ墠姣斻伖   showReview(19170855, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super zentral in Waikiki   showReview(15565584, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Claudia326
<Content>Buon hotel   showReview(14593915, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Spitzen Preis-Leistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(14726852, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mblot
<Content>Bon hotel bien situ茅   showReview(13321898, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super sejour   showReview(13192184, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>excellente prestation   showReview(12655749, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉兗銈恒儕銉栥儷銇硦銇俱倢銇俱仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19162959, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Lage und bester Service   showReview(11429887, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Preis/Leistung absolut in Ordnuing f眉r Honolulu   showReview(11429886, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>idealement situ茅 脿 Waikiki,connu des bus locaux, bon standing .   showReview(11365297, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent rapport Qualit茅/ Prix - Bien situ茅   showReview(11335068, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉伄閮ㄥ眿銇彜銇勩仹...   showReview(21800916, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱亾銇伅锛掑洖娉娿伨銈娿伨...   showReview(19923596, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 19, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱伄鏅傘伅浜堢畻銇屻仾銇嬨仯...   showReview(19921091, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏍煎畨銉勩偄銉笺仹瀹挎硦銇椼伨...   showReview(19920579, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏍煎畨銉勩偄銉笺伄鎸囧畾銉涖儐...   showReview(19919752, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉嶃儍銉堛仹銇儏鍫便仩銇ㄨ壇...   showReview(19917372, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 26, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹夈亜銉勩偄銉笺伀銈堛亸浣裤倧...   showReview(19917033, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹夈亜锛嗐偔銉併儘銉冦儓浠樸仺...   showReview(19916512, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

