<Author>BeanieEngland
<Content>Hidden Hotel We booked a shopping weekend for ourselves and 2 of our teenage children. The hotel was ideally situated on a quiet street yet very close to the tube and fantastic shopping. It took the whole of Saturday afternoon to do both sides of Sloane St and Sloane Square. The hotel was homely, comfortable, very clean, warm and prettily decorated for the season. Afternoon tea and evening hot chocolate was freely provided in a cosy lounge. Although we only had a standard room it was lovely, loads of space and well decorated, with a sitting area around the fire. We were trying to work out when we could visit again!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>qtipToronto
<Content>Room 31.84 (room dimensions in inches) Draycott came well recommended. Its location is truly fabulous but upon arrival I was shown to the smallest room I'd ever seen in London, and that is saying something! I asked for a change and was provided the JP Daniels room which was only about 10% larger. It was OK, I thought, ( a little more than 31 x 84) as I was only there 2 nights. It was quiet and only for sleeping...what the heck!! Stick it out. BUT on entering the room the temperature was about 90. I should have known. The concierge turned the heat down, I went out for supper....downstairs ( quite a fine little dining room) and returned to the north pole. Got the fan unit going to heat the place and shortly I was toasty, then sweaty. There was no in between. My second night was quite sleep broken between hots and colds...no temperature control in the room...PERIOD...and finally I turned the heat off, conked out, and woke up feeling unwell. The phone did not work and had to be changed.Thereafter can be summed up. I booked an early flight home, got to my doctor two days later, and, to quote  you have a touch of pneumonia....have to put you on antibiotics. I blame the Draycott.Never got near those nicer rooms I understand are somewhere in there. Signed: from Toronto with a tantrum.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sld40
<Content>A fantastic place to stay What a wonderful place to stay. We had a fantastic time. The hotel was perfect in every way - so quiet and peaceful in the middle of London. The hotel staff were very attentive.Our room was warm, comfortable, spotless and 5* luxury.Thank you for a super time - we hope to stay again some day.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DORISSIMO
<Content>Luxury and charm Staying at the Draycott in September and October was a great way to commence and end our European trip - the rooms [ accurately portrayed on their website) are beautifully appointed with many little extras, all previously well described by TripAdvisor reviewers. The staff attitude is a superb blend of professionalism and human warmth. Two drawing rooms allow for private meetings in comfort. Well-being is catered for with fresh crisp apples always available in the hall, a welcoming afternoon tea after 4pm allows you to put up your tired feet when you return from the day and evening hot chocolate welcomes you home in the evening. Perfect location for easy walking or transport.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>tomaso38
<Content>No better place to stay in London Having decided to catch up with friends and make a weekend of it, in London, I wanted to find a luxury hotel which had good amenities and a personal touch. The Michelin Red Guide is a trusted companion in such an activity, together with Trip Advisor. I ended up selecting the Draycott as the prices were highly competetive with comparable hotels and the hotel looked comfortable with character.I couldn't have been better pleased. I was upgraded on arrival from a standard room to a deluxe, which could have justifiably been called a suite. There was masses of space, a wonderful sitting area with traditional furniture (settee, armchair, dining table, desk etc) and a welcoming fire on the chilly winters afternoon of my arrival. The huge windows overlooking the street, the ornate plaster ceiling and mouldings, the pictures, the rugs, the fireplace, everything worked beautifully together to give a real period feel. More comfortable than any room I've stayed in at an equivalent price at any other luxury 5-star hotel in London, though there are many good ones.All the thoughtful touches were there, from complimentary hand made mint chocolate bonbons, to fresh citrus fruit in the old world cocktail cabinet, to bath robes and nice toiletries. A handwritten welcome card from the manager, your name card on the room door, together with exceptionally helpful service, really make you feel you matter. Combined with mod cons like wifi, dvd and hifi and well stocked minibar, everything makes for a superb overall experience.In future, if I need a good hotel to stay at in London, or I am called on to recommend one, I think the Draycott would be first in mind. Great in all respects,  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Beach57England
<Content>Overwhelming splendour and relaxtion From the moment you enter you are made to feel welcome. A warm smile from the Porter followed by a friendly check-in service accompanied by a 'glass of something' to make you feel at home.The Edwardian surroundings create an atmosphere of old world charm and elegance. The sitting room is adorable, overlooking splendid gardens in the heart of Chelsea. Each evening as you return you are offered a glass of Champagne during the 'happy hour'...... followed by drinks of your choice chosen from the 'Honesty bar'. Sumptious beds and spotlessly clean ensuite bathrooms help you relax into this charming environment.A true haven for a business stopover or visit to to London. A must!I will certainly revisit the Draycott and, apart of all the hotel offers, the location is ideal for Kings Road and Knightsbridge shopping! A delight.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BadgerNewYorkCity
<Content>Charming, slightly eccentic, English country house,superb service Charning, slightly eccentric, English country house in a perfect location off Sloane Square, superb service.We switched rooms as the first suite had a tiny bathroom and then we were very happy. A room at the back on the garden side would be heaven.Expensive of course, it's London.Highly recommended.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Poshexpert
<Content>Excellent Stay was booked by an English friend and was most enjoyable. Was visiting from Paris and stayed one night. Would return. Very much like a private town house. Several friends visited me including a cousin and enjoyed drinks and conversation in the elegant and subdued drawing room facing a beautiful garden. The bedroom, bath and accommodations were five star. The great thing about the hotel is that it is very private and away from the tourist and business scene in large deluxe hotels. It is a block from Sloane Square. I will return to the hotel when I'm in London again. It reminded me of Cunard Line's small first class ships like the Parthia that I traveled on with my parents to the UK when I was a kid. I will figure out some way to use it on my historical website dealing with ships, hotel, trains, etc.: www.cruisingthepast.com.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cloverriches
<Content>A hidden treasure We have just returned from one night at the Draycott Hotel in London which we booked so we could go and see Michael Buble at the O2 arena. The hotel is small yet perfect in every way and the small details had all been thought of. Complimentary tea and biscuits at 4pm were divine, it was like taking a step back in time to the old days when people greeted each other and conversed in quiet tones. Nothing was too much trouble for any of the wonderful staff. It was an absolutely stiflingly hot day when we arrived in London so was heaven to walk into a perfectly air conditioned luxuriously cool hotel reception area which was peace ful and tranquil away from the hubbub of Sloane Square nearby. Unfortunately we missed the glass of champagne at 6pm as we had to take the boat transfer to O2. That evening when we returned exhausted but happy (unfortunately too late for the complimentary mug of hot chocolate) we fell into the most comfortable bed we have ever slept in. The pillows seemed to be made of gossamer as did the bed covers. Breakfast the next morning was like eating in a Michelin starred restaurant - the scrambled egg was delicious - you have to try it!Overall I would say this is probably one of the loveliest hotels we have ever stayed in and the best by far in London.Fab staff, fab location and a bed that you just didn't want to leave! What more could you want?Thank you Draycott hotel for a wonderful time.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lutecia
<Content>Small hide-away right behind King's road We had two 3-nights stay at Draycott in different rooms. Both rooms had own very charming British characteristics in decor and room size was rather large by London hotel standard which made our stay very comfortable.Housekeeping standard is high and staff are friendly.It is a kind of hotel for the travellers who wish to enjoy the ambience of traditional English hotel, in a very quiet environment, yet to have a convenient access to lively commercial areas such as Kings road, Sloan st. or Knightsbridge.The rooms facing the private garden are particularly recommended.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HighMaintenanceMale
<Content>Many Happy Returns! I have stayed at this hotel at least four or five times. It never disappoints. The upscale neighborhood is tranquil but easily accessible, a welcome quality after a day in the hustle and bustle of London. The setting is lovely and the rooms are elegant, warm and comfortable. It is a like staying in a beatufiul townhome and has the charm and elegance of such an experience. The staff is responsive and professional. The daily breakfast is outstanding and is staffed by personable dining room attendants. The hotel added a room service menu since my last stay, which had formely been my one minor complaint. Other than an apartment for stays over a week, I consider the Draycott my one and only hotel in London. Any other hotel would be hard-pressed to match the experience.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>mpwineca
<Content>Perfect Small Hotel in London We could not have been more pleased with the Draycott. It was exactly what my wife and I had hoped for in a small London hotel. The staff was welcoming, the rooms spacious (except for the bathrooms) and the public rooms especially comfortable. We liked the private back garden a la the movie Notting Hill and the overall sense that you were staying in someone's home.Location is very quiet yet convenient to everything in Knightsbridge and Chelsea. We never waited more than 2-3 minutes for a cab on the closest street corner.We will definitely return to the Draycott.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CatherineNY
<Content>Absolutely wonderful hotel I stayed at the Draycott for the first time in February 2008, and have already booked my next stay for this summer. I used to stay at a different hotel in the same neighborhood, but the latter has changed ownership and character, so I thought I would try the Draycott. I had a beautiful, quiet room with a fireplace; a luxurious bathroom; and a couple of delicious meals from room service. The public areas are lovely -- I had the elegant library to myself for a nice relaxing snack and read. The staff was warm and attentive. There are numerous personal touches that make staying at the Draycott an above-average experience. I can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>UlfLuxembourg
<Content>Excellent hotel Excellent hotel with a very friendly and positive staff.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	3	4	5	4	

<Author>malHereford
<Content>Home from Home We have been staying at the Draycott Hotel, just off Sloane Street, London for several years now. The atmosphere is extremely warm and friendly, and the staff are always pleased to see you again. They make the visit thoroughly enjoyable, and relaxing, and are always eager to provide for your every whim - usually without being asked! The rooms are extremely comfortable, well equiped, and imaculately clean. The little touches are great. Combined with the comfort of the public rooms downstairs, this makes a visit simply Home from Home.The location is ideal for the shops, walks, restaurants, etc., and a short taxi ride will get you to the many theatres, etc.Whilst not the cheapest hotel in London, it is far from the most expensive, so our recommendation is that it is extremely good value for money when looking at the overall package of facilities, atmosphere and service. A joy to visit.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Richard65
<Content>Depends on What you are looking for!!!!!!!! I booked this hotel as a birthday gift for my partner along with tickets for Chelsea flower Show. Like a previous review I was very excited by the wonderful trip advisor reviews and although we had a great time it was VERY expensive and I don交 feel it really lived up to its cost. The rooms were very large although I was surprised that the suite did not have a separate living area again slightly disappointing for the standard of hotel. It was the little touches which were missing no welcome flowers or wine in the room, no chocolates at the very early turn down time of six o clock. On the first day after spending a full day out and about in London we showered and changed and went down for the free champagne ( a really nice touch) I asked the staff to provide clean towels for our morning shower when we returned from the theatre this had not been done. I had to call down and request them again. This is not the end of the world but not the standard of service you expect at these rates. On the second night when we went down for the free champagne there was no one to serve us and only when the clock struck seven and the time for champagne was over did a member of staff arrive who did serve us then. It was just missing that something special. We are in London for the weekend again in a few weeks but I am afraid thid time it won交 be at the draycott.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	3	2	

<Author>Carand
<Content>Almost Perfect The Draycott is undoubtedly special. In this day of formula hotels It offers something different and mostly better. The location, just off Sloan Square and close to fashionable Kings Road is excellent, with good access to central London via the nearby Tube station or taxi. The accommodation is luxurious but perhaps in need of some TLC in places. (Our bathroom had some cracked floor tiles and a hot water tap that barely had any pressure at all so took ages to produce anything approaching warm water) Housekeeping is impeccable and the staff are friendly, welcoming and helpful. Rooms (and beds) are enormous by London standards and are very comfortable, but ours, overlooking the road, suffered from traffic noise at times and had no double glazing. Breakfast was disappointing for the price. Room service, though prompt seemed to suffer from some form of forgetfulness, as items ordered were often missing. Even by London standards the Draycott is pricey, and should provide an unsurpassed experience. For us it didn't quite achieve it. So is it perfect? Almost, but could and should improve.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>shiffo
<Content>There is no place like home Well it's not really fancy hotel it's an hotel that makes you feel home. there is no crowd it's peaceful and very romantic, yet very expensive but i must say it's worth it. perfect location near sloan square.and king's road. very secure to walk around anytime of the day or night. recommended to take a room with fire place if you are going in winter time.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Adelai
<Content>All they say - but ....... We booked this hotel for a special weekend, based on wonderful tripadvisor reviews and we had a lovely time, though it was VERY expensive. But although most of what everyone says is true - lovely entrance, lobby and sitting room, spotlessly clean, massively big bedroom, free hot choc at night, tea at 4 and champers early evening - it's quite regimented. If you happen to get back a few minutes after the official cup of tea time, thirsty - the only way to get a cuppa would be to order a pricey one from room service - no-one takes pity and brings an extra brew - and there are no tea making facilities in the rooms.The cleaning staff were over zealous and annoyingly removed our Saturday papers which had been forgotten and then arrived so late we were saving them to read in bed on Sunday morning - even finding and throwing away the suppliment with the crossword in which we had secreted in the wardrobe!!!The air conditioning/heating controls did not work in the room and despite several requests, with the room getting hotter and hotter, they were not able to get it working and suggested we just switched it off - so we air-conditioned by opening the windows. Fine in Feb (and there were lovely views onto the gardens) but would not be great in summer.However, I suppose these are little gripes - but it's just that splashing out all that money for something really special I expected something amazing from the experience and didn't get this - no little choc at turn down time, no tea making facilities in room, slightly faded furniture, no complimentary water, no real personal feel about the place - it felt almost that there was a customer service formula - everyone was polite and helpful when asked - but it's hard to put a finger on what was missing. We did have an amazing weekend in London but the Draycott didn't really contribute hugely to this and I don't think we would choose to stay here again unless it was an amazingly cheap offer.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>Mattoute
<Content>loved, and more, the beautiful Draycott We had a wonderful stay at this hotel around Christmas and I wanted to recommend it to anyone who plans a trip to London.The location is exceptional, the atmosphere feels very much at home, and the staff is just a dream!!!I urge you to put it at the top of your list when you next travel to London.From a well-to-do-middle-aged-but-still-young couple!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MinnieGuildford
<Content>A memorable experience This was our third visit to the hotel and it lived up to all our expectations. We have always had a warm and friendly welcome from the staff. The service is excellent with lots of little touches to make you feel special. The rooms are lovingly furnished, we stayed in Thorndike this time and enjoyed sitting in front of the fire having breakfast. It was difficult to tear ourselves away to enjoy the city highlights. It is a quiet and comfortable haven from the hustle and bustle of London life. Thank you again for a wonderful break.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>orcas33
<Content>There's no place like home Staying at the Draycott is just like staying at home: it doesn't look like a hotel, it's very cosy, the staff is very nice, always there when needed but never overdoing it. I had a very nice large room (called Lawrence) overlooking the garden, with a coal fire. My daughter had the nextdoor room, a single one, very nice too but no views at all which was ok with her thanks to the nice TV and DVD player with a large choice.It is a very quiet place in a very residential trafficless area but so close to shopping in Knightsbridge or Kings Road, cabs or buses round the corner.Perfect little place. We only had to wait a little bit too long for breakfast as the breakfast room is rather small. But I'll definitely recommend the place.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KettReview
<Content>Small is beautiful Great little hotel conveniently located on a backstreet in Chelsea. Staff are very courteous and efficient. My single room was really tiny, but the ambience made it more comfortable than a lot of larger rooms I have booked in the past. TV has Sky Sports and two complimentary newspapers made the room seem better value.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TGJR
<Content>Traditional but not stuffy The Draycott manages to offer that traditional English luxury hotel environment but without feeling stuffy or like an old folks home. We enjoyed the friendly and professional service, spacious bedroom with high ceilings and huge window as well as the quite location that is just a stones throw from Sloane Square and Kings Road.There are a lot of contemporary and boutique hotels in London, some of which we enjoy staying at, but if you like the idea of a quality, elegant English hotel then this is definately worth considering.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>joeg1955
<Content>Tops all around. The personal service and care is the VERY best. The location is wonderful. The accomdations are terrific.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SteveBEsq
<Content>One of my favourite hotels in the world It's always a joy to arrive at this hotel. The staff are a delight -- no matter what time of day or night it is -- and will fast become your friends. Rooms are exceptionally comfortable, from the smallest to the biggest (and I've been in a fair few of them). The singles can be tiny, as they say on their website, but no less comfortable for it. The larger rooms and suites are exquisite, especially with the garden view.If you like big, bland chain hotels where you can only tell what country you're in by the beer in the mini-bar, the Draycott isn't for you. If you like personalised service, old style charm with a 21st century relaxed vibe, and a dash of eccentricity -- I'm always tickled by their old-fashioned habit of inserting a beautifully scripted calling card with your name on it in a little brass panel on the door of your room -- you'll love The Draycott.Each room also has a beautifully bound visitors book which you're at liberty to sign/draw/doodle in. You may sometimes be surprised by who has slept in your bed previously. As the books fill up, they are moved to the drawing room downstairs, building a wonderful record of the people who have passed through each room over the years...And if you're not familiar with London, you'll find you're right in the middle of an upmarket neighbourhood with plenty of entertainment right on your doorstep and the West End only a short cab ride away.One of my favourite hotels in the world!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EWKSeattle
<Content>Lovely Experience We had a terrific experience at this classicly English hotel. Our room (the Ashcroft) was very pleasant and spacious, with ample room for our family of four. We were completely charmed by the huge garden in back, and the special touches like complementary champagne in the aftternoons and hot cocoa at night. It is amazing to find a hotel in London that is so quiet and so relaxing, yet very centrally-located. Unlike nearly everywhere else we stayed in the UK, the A/C worked very well, as did the wireless internet. All of the staff were very friendly and helpful and made us all (children included) feel very welcome. We were looking for a hotel with character, and we were not disappointed.The only fault we could find is that the breakfasts were appallingly expensive for what was served, which was pretty standard fare. 16 pounds per person for continental and 20 pounds for the very average cooked breakfast. This would not be such a problem except that there were really no coffee shop alternatives close by. Given how pricey the hotel is, one feels a bit gouged by the breakfast experience. I would have given the Draycott 5 stars were it not for this.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pivoines
<Content>Accommodation in London? Look no more... More often than not, London hotels provide very cramped accommodation at ever excrutiating prices.. The Draycott not only offers you palatial-sized, finely furnished rooms, spacious bathrooms with excellent walk-in showers - but so much more to the discerning visitor. If you are seeking a quiet, ideally centrally-situated Hotel that is more like a private residence with all the comforts of home and service beyond reproach, this is definitely an address to favour. Our five-night stay in this very special retreat far from the madding crowd but literally round-the-corner from Sloane Square, was perfect.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Wilson10
<Content>Very nice, quaint hotel with comfy rooms. We loved our room at the Draycott. It had plenty of room to move around with a gas fireplace and 2 twin beds that could also be a king. The bathroom was very clean and functional. The Draycott's location to the metro was excellent. We had no trouble getting around town and getting back to the hotel with ease and safety. There is complimentary tea in the afternoon that we took advantage of with a view out to the nice garden in the back of the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Monkie
<Content>Fantastic Hotel, Great Location, Excellent Staff This is our second stay at this exquisite hotel. This time we decided to upgrade from a standard double (which is still fantastic) to a delux double. Much bigger room as as we decided to have one evening in and order room service it was good to have a large dining table and sofa and chairs for watching the television. The attention to detail in this hotel is fantastic. If your looking for uber modern and chic this is not the hotel for you but if you like a property with bags of character and antique peices of furniture you will be hard pressed to find anything as nice in central London. Nice touch with this hotel is no big signs up outside stating what it is and you have to ring a bell for access, so security wise it feels very safe. The staff know who the guest are and do not allow entry to other people unless visiting. Access to all major attractions is easy as your about a 3 minute walk away from Sloane Square underground. The staff at the hotel could not be faulted in any way they go out of their way to help and are very friendly without being obtrusive. Cant wait for our next visit and would not consider staying anywhere else in London.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>snoopymaryland
<Content>Lovely! The Draycott Hotel is simply lovely and the staff is exceptional. They arranged for everything from a birthday cake (delicious) to taxis to dining. It is very close to the Sloane Square tube station, shopping and dining. I will definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Merchanti
<Content>Loved the Draycott We recently stayed at The Draycott Hotel in Belgravia, London and throroughly enjoyed the experience! It is very conveniently located (Sloane Square Underground is a 3 min. walk away) and has a distinct 'home away from home' feel to it: a teddy was placed on our bed each day after the room had been serviced. The attention to detail is incredible: our room door had a handwritten sign with our surname. All staff members were very friendly and helpful esp. the two hostesses in the breakfast room. There are some wonderful restaurants  shops within walking distance in the area (Harrods is about 15 min. walk away...)I highly recommend this hotel for a stay in London: it is a hidden gem!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Love-to-World-Travel
<Content>A fabulous boutique hotel in central Lodon My husband and I wanted to have a little getaway in London and after searching on TripAdvisor.com, we found this beautiful hotel. It is finely decorated and has an elegant home-like feel. We stayed in a superior double room, with a fireplace (didn't need it in June) and a sitting area. The common -area drawing room was lovely and welcoming after a full day of visiting London's sites. Afternoon tea is served there as well as a glass of champagne at 6pm and hot chocolate at 9 pm. This hotel is within walking distance to the Sloane Square tube station and there are several nice restaurants nearby. The hotel shares a beautiful common garden with its neighbors. We highly recommend it to anyone who wants a little luxury (but of course, being London - be prepared to pay for it).  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>NBarnesStockland
<Content>100th stay I last wrote a review of this hotel back in 2004, saying how special a place it is, well nothing has changed, it is still wonderful and since then we have stayed at the Draycott at least once a fortnight, sometimes more. We celebrated our 100th stay here on our last visit in April. Something which was pointed out in one of the hand written cards that is left in the room.The biggest compliment I can pay now is to say that when it is possible, wherever we are in the country, we make the effort to stay here, even if it means adding hours onto our journey time. It is so worthwhile, here we know what to expect. .... great staff, a beautiful room, comfort, and very important to us, a good nights sleep. There is also the added bonus of the excellent location with great restaurants and shopping nearby, a winning combination by anyones' standards.Needless to say our next visit is imminent and we very much look forward to it, along with the next 100 visits!!  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Angusf27
<Content>My personal favourite in London Fantastic location, quietly situated in Belgravia behind Sloane Square and easy reach of everything. This is possibly the best hotel in London and really does feel like a home from home. Yes, some of the singles are small ( I prefer to think of them as cosy! ), but they are oustanding value for central London ( given the standard of the hotel ). Do book well in advance, better directly, as the word is getting out and the hotel is getting more and more popular. Do take a walk in the gardens with a complimentary glass of champagne ( served between 5 and 6 from memory ) and be amazed that you are in central London. Staff are usually excellent. Enjoy.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Teacake_Taster
<Content>Another treat Another great couple of nights at the Draycott. Premium price but luxurious room and discreet service in a great location. Had a room on the 3rd floor looking onto the road which was a bit noisy on the first night but didn't notice it on the next. The complimentary afternoon tea, champagne at 6 and goodnight cocoa is great. Dissapointed that the Chelsea Kitchen has shut but had a croissant in Paul's.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>lylescovell
<Content>The perfect London hotel! Wow! My husband and I went in to London and stayed at the Draycott for a night and would have moved in if it were possible. This hotel is just perfectly charming and perfectly located. It is located right off of Sloane Square (2 minute walk from Sloane Square tube station) right in the heart of Chelsea.It is in a red brick building located in a very posh residential area. The decor is very English and very elegant. Our room was absolutely amazing. When we walked up to it we saw that our name had been posted on the door in calligraphy, and when we entered we found a personalized welcome note accompanied by a fire in the fire place and classical music on the stereo-- it was wonderful! The room was huge with a king size bed with crisp white linens, down pillows and duvet, a large sitting area with a sofa and loveseat (with down fill, my favorite) with a fire place that we could turn on or off, a stereo with a CD player, DVD player (US DVDs dont work in English players, but the hotel has an extensive DVD library), and a mini bar. The bathroom, although small, was just lovely with a bath/shower combination with great water pressure, and high end toiletries. The best part of the room was that it was individually decorarted with antique furnishings and wall hangings-- none of the stale hotel chain decor. We really felt like we were staying in a guest room at some enormous English manor verse a hotel. Upon arrival do not be thrown off by the lack of formal reception as the personalized attention of the staff will more than compensate. This is by far our favorite hotel we have stayed in and can not recommend it more highly. Look no further because you have found THE perfect London hotel!!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hillyone
<Content>A treasure of an hotel. This is a treasure of an hotel tucked away in Chelsea just off Sloane Square.For those who like their hotels different to the everyday chains this hotel is perfect, From a comfy sitting room where afternoon tea, early evening champagne and evening hot chocolate were served with complementary biscuits to the individual bedrooms named after a variey of famous actors and literary folk., the ambiance of this hotel is superb.All the staff were extremely friendly, and nothing was too much trouble for them. The sandwiches they produced for our late night supper were rather tasty to say the least. We will definately be returning.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Enjoys_Relaxing
<Content>Such a rare find I had the opportunity to stay at the Draycott twice this month, and I have nothing but good reviews of this jewel located in Chelsea. With my first visit, I arrived at the hotel at 8am after a trans-atlantic flight, and within one hour I was shown to my room. I was offered the option of taking breakfast while waiting for my room or simply relax in the drawing room where there was a roaring fire going on in the fireplace. Feels very homey to me. The single room I have booked myself into was small, but since I was not planning to stay indoors all day long, it did not matter. The room does contain one of the best mattresses I have ever slept on, and all the luxury amenities that one could expect to find at a 5 star establishment.The location of the hotel was as convenient as it could be. The District/Circle lines is within a 5 minute stroll, and along the way you will find high-end shops as well as local ones, including grocery stores and pharmacies. I personally do not mind if my London hotel is not located exactly next to the Big Ben or across the street from Harrod's, provided there is a subway station close to the hotel that can take me to the sights. Speaking of subway stations, the staff at the hotel was kind enough to tip me as to which station to transfer (to and from Heathrow) so that I don't have to haul my heavy suitcase up and down narrow staircases. This piece of information was indeed very useful and much appreciated.The hotel also offers afternoon tea and champagne and hot chocolate in the drawing room depending on the time of day. I personally have not tried their breakfasts, but if you prefer, local bakeries are right around the corner on King's Road. There are restaurants abound in Chelsea, and if you prefer, Knightsbridge is only a 15-20 minute walk away.Two weeks after my initial visit, I arrived at the hotel from Australia at 6am. And once again, my room was ready within one hour. This time I got a room with a nautical theme, and a huge closet. The staff could not make my stay any more comfortable and hassle free.Overall, the Draycott is a lovely London townhouse located on a quiet sidestreet in the Chelsea area of London with easy access to pretty much anything. London no doubt is an expensive city to travel to, but the Draycott is able to offer competitive prices and premium location with none of the blandness of a chain-hotel or the craziness that comes along with the bigger hotels.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lucindaw
<Content>A World of Its Own! The Draycott is a lovely hotel that surprises you with its excellent service as well as its spacious rooms. I have stayed at quite a few hotels in london but have never felt as if I were getting my money's worth. Most hotels in London are overpriced and do not have excellent service , particularly to women traveling alone. The Draycott exceeded the expectations of my sister and I as we paid responable rates for lovely rooms and excellent service. The public rooms of the hotel make a guest feel as if they are visitng a lovely country house and though the hotel is tucked away on a quiet street, it is convenient to shopping and public transportation.My room was quite large and the only complaint I might have is the bathroom could do with a little remodel though it was spotless. The bedspread on the bed was also old and soiled and definitely needed replacing. Despite these small issues, we loved the hotel and the time we spent there.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PegMNewYork
<Content>A gem in London The Draycott is a gem in South Kensington/Chelsea, Central London. It has old world charm and is old-fashioned in ambiance, but has every convenience. Staff is top-notch, and go out of their way to be helpful and accommodating.I stayed for three nights in one of the tiny single rooms (123 square feet) - and while very small, the space was beautifully apportioned with everything I needed. I felt cozy and snug rather than uncomfortable.Hotel guests get charming little perks in the drawing room at certain times of the day: tea and biscuits at 4, champagne at 7 pm, and hot cocoa at 10 pm.Location is excellent. I would definitely stay here again and am pleased the Draycott was recommended to me by a friend.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>IndieBrooklyn
<Content>An Unforgettable Place I had always wanted to spend Christmas in London. This year we decided to go ahead - however finding the perfect hotel proved to be something of a challenge. And, we admit that as jaded New Yorkers we can be a hard pair to please. We wanted something luxurious, yet friendly, with quality we could trust that wasn't a chain. In the end we decided to go with the Draycott. The room we stayed in, complete with antique furniture, warm lighting, comfortable bedding and romantic fireplace could not have been more inviting. We almost didn't want to leave!The tiniest details were thought of: our names on the door (one was incorrect at check-in, but by the time we returned from a quick errand it was fixed, without our mentioning it), the fireplace roaring when we stepped into our rooms, the efficient turn-down service, the Christmas Eve gift, the evening champagne, and nightly hot chocolate, the list continues. The concierge made thoughtful suggestions that perfectly suited our personalities and tastes for everything from lunch to a place to have a pint. The rest of the staff went beyond the call of duty by offering us tips, anticipating our needs, making friendly conversation, and leaving us alone when we wanted solitude.We have stayed in hotels of this caliber before, but never before have we felt so at home, and so sad to go. If you are planning to stay in London and want a warm, romatic and absolutely memorable hotel that will be as much a part of your travels as your sight-seeing, then you want to consider the Draycott.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tropicaltraveller2
<Content>Can't beat the location I just returned from a week long visit to London with accommodations at the Draycott. This is a fabulous location with much in walking distance. Very close to the Sloane Square Tube station and lots of shopping and nice restaurants nearby on Sloane Street and Kings Road. The hotel is also on a side street which is great because you don't hear the traffic nearby. Our room was very large by European standards with a separate sitting area. It was very clean and the bed was very comfortable. The gas light fireplace in the room was especially delightful. My only negative observations are that the furniture is kind of old and lumpy. The bathroom plumbing wasn't so great - for example, the toilet didn't always have enough pressure to flush when you wanted it to. And there is some noticeable wear and tear in the tiling and ceiling and such. During our particular stay, my traveling companion was disapointed with the construction going on across the street and the repainting that was being done on the landing above us. But that didn't bother me. I would recommend this hotel especially to first time visitors to London. I found the location hard to beat.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Zaheer1980
<Content>Gilbert Room We stayed in the Gilbert, which overlooks the beautiful, secluded garden. It didn't feel like we were in the middle of London, and a stone's throw away from the busy King's Road. Service was excellent overall, and the staff very welcoming and friendly. Breakfast was excellent also.. I will recommend to everybody.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Etrangere
<Content>Pleasant Stay The hotel is well located providing excellent, caring service to its clientele. My room overlooked a verdant garden and faced similar buildings that when lit at night provided a jewel box setting in the city.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JosBurger
<Content>A personal touch Stayed for two nights. Excellent hotel, great location and friendly staff. The room was too good; I felt completely at home.Jos Burger, The Netherlands  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>I_need_a_hols
<Content>If you know what 5 star service means you'll love it Just stayed here for one night - what a great find. Makes such a change to you main stream 5 star hotels and in a great spot  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NPA
<Content>Charming british style I stayed at the Draycott for two night together with my wife in February 2006. Its a great hotel. Small and cosy. Very british. Our names were on the door and the room was big and very elegant. The bathroom was also very nice and a sweet little teddybear waiting for us on the bed. The breakfast was perfect. All you needed, fresh squeezed orange juice, warm fresh bread etc.Very calm and chaming. A nice little walk to the high end shopping area. The only minus was that the wallpaper on the toilett door should have been changed already. It was not fresh looking.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Trotwood
<Content>Traditionally British, High Quality, Personalized, Intimate and Charming Stayed only two nights in the Sheridan room, July 31 to August 1, 2006 but would like to have stayed much longer. The public rooms in the 1889 townhouses that have been conjoined to create the Draycott are exceptionally well appointed, with the main sitting room opening to the private garden behind, a pleasant place for quiet strolls. The Sheridan room was on the 4th floor, handsomely furnished and quite spacious, with room for a large desk facing out of a set of three windows in a wide dormer. With the warm weather, I had no use for the automatic-light fireplace in one corner, but I imagine that it would be a delight in cooler seasons. First morning, I had breakfast in my room and second morning invited local friends to join me for breakfast in the bright and cheery breakfast room. Both breakfasts were excellent and of the highest quality. Didn't have the opportunity to enjoy the afternoon tea or complementary evening champagne, other than the refreshing glass of champagne that was offered to me as I was checking in. Good WiFi, convenient location (very short walk to Sloane Square tube station -- District/Circle lines, not much farther to Knightsbridge station -- Piccadilly line), and with cabs frequently circling the area, all make the Draycott a good option for business travelers. At the same time, it has the charm and grace that make it a perfect choice for romantic stays or an excellent London vacation. The staff were friendly, professional and obviously both well trained and well managed. I highly recommend the Draycott. Their web site photo gallery gives accurate images of the property.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Huladawg
<Content>A most elegant small hotel in Chelsea               More photos  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alovestravel
<Content>Quiet  We recently stayed at this quiet hotel. We had a suite which consisted of an entryway, sitting room, and bedroom, plus a large private bath. Pros: Everything was comfortable and quiet. The hotel was very clean and our room was large enough for a rollaway in the sitting room. The bathroom was quite luxurious and had all the amenities that one would expect at a good hotel. Everyone was friendly. They have 2 other public sitting areas: a smoking room and a non-smoking room. The non-smoking room is where you can get tea and biscuits (cookies) in the afternoon and hot chocolate at night. They had a wonderful collection of magazines in the sitting room and lots of free publications (including TimeOut London) in the entrance to the hotel. There was another eating area but we never took meals at the hotel. Cons: The cooling and heating was controlled by the main office. So, whenever you wanted a change, you'd have to call down. The people who worked in the main office were uneven - some were absolutely fantastic and knowledgeable but others seemed a little clueless. (Note that everyone was friendly and tried hard and so this might be ok.) Little tiny things did not work in the room. When the internet went down on one of the days, the front desk had a hard time knowing what to do about it. Could be a Pro/Could be a Con: The hotel is in the middle of what seems to be a street maze. All the buildings look very similar and the street signs are not very good. Our taxi driver had a hard time finding it. After a week, we had figured out fast ways to get in and out though. Because it is so hidden, though, it's also very quiet. Note that although the doorman told us that we could use the smoke room, it was so smokey that I couldn't even really stay in the room enough to see what was in it.Expense: Note that breakfast does not come with the room. The hotel is very close to some inexpensive places to eat, though. There's an honor bar in the room and an honor bar in the smoke-free room. The hotel is a bit far from things but is very close to the tube (for inexpensive transportation). Internet was free but you have to ask for a code.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>es335tdc
<Content>Taking A Very Expensive Chance--Go Elsewhere We stayed for 9 nights at the Draycott about a month ago.I really do say this with some regret, but I would not stay there again nor recommend it. We booked two deluxe doubles. My wife and daughter's room was lovely and spacious, the AC worked well, and the bathroom was very large and very nice.The room my son and I stayed in was the same except that the bathroom was the size of a postage stamp and the air conditioning didn't work beyond a trickle and couldn't be made to. From talking to the staff, it was apparent this wasn't the first time these issues had arisen. I understand that there are more than a few rooms in this small hotel with tiny bathrooms, and trying to make 21st century AC function in 3 Victorian buildings cobbled together into a hotel doesn't always work well. The main point is you can't know when you're booking what you'll get. When you arrive, the staff is very affable, but can't do much to help. Since it's a small hotel (25 rooms) there's really no place to move you, especially if you're there during busy season. Check the room rates on Expedia. This hotel is not for the financially faint of heart. For the price of a 9 day stay here, it's not worth rolling the dice. Stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kamainatraveler
<Content>Well Kept Secret We searched many sites before we found the Draycott but we are so glad we did! This is an incredibly well located small luxury hotel especially for people who may not be familiar with London. It is not cheap but we felt well worth the price. The staff could not have been more welcoming, professional, and accommodating. No request was too much, even tickets to difficult to obtain performances. The chaffeur service package deal offered from London Heathrow is well worth the cost. This hotel is conveniently located only couple blocks from the Sloan Metro Station from which one can reach anywhere in London in a short time and is within easy walking distance of many top notch restaurants, Harrods, and major museums. The room we had was huge with a nice sitting area and good size bathroom. The extra amenities in the afternoon and evenings are a nice plus for weary travelers and sight-seers. We would definitely stay here again. We hope not too many people discover this well kept secret!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Draycott is Excellent! The Draycott is a great hotel! I first stayed there 15 years ago - it was fantastic then ... but it's even better now. The rooms are large and interesting. The staff is friendly and helpful. The hotel's location couldn't be better -- close enough to everything, but also quiet and relaxing (which is important for the jetlagged traveller, trying to recover from a long flight.) Of course no hotel is perfect, but the wonderful thing about the Draycott is that as a small hotel, guests get to know all the staff, and so if you do encounter anything that's not to your liking, it is sorted out straight away. It's a well used cliche, but in the case of the Draycott, entirely appropriate -- I feel like I'm coming home, when I go to stay there!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Traveller99UK
<Content>Tranquility in the heart of Chelsea It's always a treat to return to the Draycott where the staff are welcoming and the rooms comfortable. The hotel is both convenient and runs like clockwork.My wife and I stay at the Draycott several times a year.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This is definitely a luxury hotel! I have been coming to the Draycott for nearly three years, and for the last 6 months have been a regular wisit with my wife on business trips. Trips can be as short as one night or as long as a week. As we are now transferring to London our trips to the Draycott will cease and I can genuinely say that we will both miss our second home and family in Sloane Square. The hotel is definitely luxury standard. The rooms are all very large, and the ones on the back overlook beautiful quiet gardens a real haven in central London. The furniture is meant to resemble a beautifully appointed English home - and is not a contemporary classic like so many of the rooms that all look the same whichever hotel you are in. All the rooms are uniquely decorated - we will have stayed in most rooms by now and they are all lovely. For a particular treat we would recommend - The Shaw Suite, The Ashcroft Suite, or if you would like kitchen facilites as well The Vivien Leigh or Alan Bennett suites, pricier, but worth it.The staff look after all the guests with great care and attention - recommending restaurants, making bookings. Indeed in an evening they are happy to bring the complimentary hot chocolate to your room if you request rather than drinking it in the drawing room. Even when the hotel is full - of whatever type of travellers are staying - it is always quiet, and you would never know that it was full. The hotel is a regular haunt of European Royalty who come for one week a year - every year to shop in London. The Hotel is only a 10 minute walk from all the shops of Knightsbridge.The hotel is definitely our luxurious home away from home in London, and we wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anybody!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SeenAlot
<Content>Tired old woman of a hotel               
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Draycott Fabulous little hotel in Chelsea,less than a 5 min walk from the Sloane Square Tube Station. Only 35 rooms, with unsurpassed, personalized service. Charming little breakfast room, with only 5 tables. Hotel has a cute theater theme, so rooms are named for famous actors, vs. having numbers. Concierge got us great theater seats. Free tea and champagne in the afternoons in the lounge were an extra treat. Rooms luxurious and finely appointed. Pricey, but worth every penny.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>in love with the draycott - cadogan gardens we had never been to this hotel before but as soon as I and my two teenage children walked through the unobtrusive doorway we all instantly fell in love with it and decided that we would always stay when in London. It was luxurious, warm, welcoming and all the staff were very friendly. It was almost impossible to believe that we were in London. It felt more like we were staying in a friends house in the country. We did not want to check out and we will definitely be back. I will recommend it to all my friends.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome As soon as i arrived at the hotel I knew it was going to be an amazing experience. I walked in the door and felt right at home. The staff was extremely friendly and the decour was exceptional. I love the hotel's layout because it feels like a big, cozy bed and breakfast. The room I stayed in was amazing. It had many amenities and the most comfortable bed. It was nice and large with a homey feeling. The hotel had so many little things that made a big difference in my stay. There was the sitting room, the computer with internet connection, champange in the early evening, movie rental, and so much more. Overall it was a joy.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>joa_7
<Content>a wonderful haven my husband, myself and our 2 children have stayed at this hotel on a number of occasions and we love it! it is a real haven, tucked away just behind the hustle and bustle of sloane square. cosy fires, friendly staff, the most comfortable beds ever and a real home from home feel epitomise the draycott. writing this review has made me yearn for our next visit!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful, charming and welcoming The Draycott is the perfect blend of upscale London accomodation (three minute walk from Sloane Square tube and all the top boutiques in Chelsea)and a very comfortable, welcoming atmosphere. The shower had great water pressure, the beds were gorgeous 100% cotton, and the staff was friendly, knowledgeable, and just the right mix of attentive and reserved. The concierge was able to book us a nearby restaurant reservation I'd tried to get for weeks. The evening glass of champagne in the Draycott's lounge was a lovely opportunity to sit down and relax for a few minutes before the evening's next adventure... and have a nice chat with fellow guests, touching base for a few minutes and making the whole experience that much more memorable. You'll read reviews in the room's guest books, often saying home away from home. I wholeheartedly agree.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dallas-Voyageur
<Content>Luxurious Elegance A wonderfull townhouse hotel with an excellent location on a quiet street a block and a half off Sloan Square. Excellent and attentive service, complimentary tea in the afternoon, champagne in the evening. (Breakfast not included and a bit dear.) This is one of those places one hopes to see again.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>And the bad points are... Booked in for two nights alone by my husband, I was expecting a small but comfy single room, but was delighted to be upgraded to a double at no extra cost (to him!).A splendid experience - dinner in my room after a hectic day was a real treat. There is absolutely no need to go out to dine if the day has got the better of you, but great options abound all around if you still feel the need to explore. This is a home from home and I will look forward to the three day shopping trip in January my husband has promised me!The good points: style, service, ambience, location, location, location!The bad points: now just let me think about that a while longer - I may be some time...  
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Five Star Elegant Luxury and Comfort in London A charming, relaxed hotel offering five star elegant luxury and comfort just off the Kings Road in Chelsea, London.It offers a wonderful retreat from the hustle and bustle of London, whilst being in the very midst of all the atttractions this great city has to offer.The staff are welcoming and friendly and nothing is too much trouble to ensure a comfortable, relaxing stay, ensuring a desire to make a return visit again and again!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed the Draycott The Draycott Hotel is a warm, charming home-like place to stay with exceptional service. If you wish to quietly fit into a charming neighborhood close to excellent shopping and interesting nightlife, the Draycott is in a perfect location.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hardinarrowhead
<Content>English Charm This is the kind of hotel that comes to mind when you think of English charm and good breeding. Situated in a quiet section of Sloane Square, it was the perfect location for shopping and tube-hopping. The staff was wonderful, but it could have been a bit more helpful if some of them were more fluent in English. We had a couple of miscommunications, but nothing critical.The room was the nicest that I've stayed in in Europe. Roomy with a sitting area and fireplace overlooking the gardens in the rear. However, the accommodations don't come cheap. Look for special offers on the hotel web site as I think the prices are a bit steep when you're up against the dollar versus the pound.If I could secure a special rate, I'd stay again in a minute.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Meso_Man
<Content>Please don't tell your friends! A gentle nudge in the direction of the Draycott by The Times review section was all that was required. Travelling alone, I stayed in Barry, one of the two single rooms. As The Times article had said, the rooms would be full of character and indeed it was. Tucked up in the attic with an abundance of home comforts (including a cuddly teddy bear!) with inspiration galore from the memorabilia. Yes, it was tiny, but does that matter at that this price and in an hotel of this class? Quiet as a tomb, another reviewer said. If I push up daisies here, I will rest contented. Tea and shortbread in the lounge, champagne at 6, an honesty bar, juicy apples by the front door, fabulous breakfast, delightful service.Whenever I come to London alone, I will want to stay here. Please, please, keep this precious jewel secret from your friends.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Templetons911
<Content>Small Hotel With Big Appeal We were looking for a small hotel with an intimate atmosphere to celebrate our 30th anniversary in London. The Draycott met  exceeded all our expectations. The discreet location just off Sloane Square is perfect for walking through Knightsbridge, Chelsea  Kensington, with their beautiful old residences, elegant shops  excellent restaurants. The underground is a short walk away, making all of London easily accessible. The rooms  suites at the Draycott are luxurious  individually decorated. There is a pretty little garden at the back of the hotel. The extra touches are welcome - tea in the afternoon, champagne before going to dinner, hot chocolate before retiring for the night. The staff was wonderfully helpful, giving us several excellent suggestions for dinner (in lieu of restaurants we'd pre-selected), as well as practical tips (such as how to avoid after-theatre traffic jams in the West End). We couldn't have asked for a more special and welcoming experience, and hope to return in the near future.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cawfeetawk
<Content>A Charming, Comfortable Haven       Heated towels  excellent shower  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Great Hotel We arrived at the Draycott after being dissatisfied with the hotel we planned to stay at and were treated so well by the staff there I was sorry I didn't book this hotel originally! We stayed in Grenfell (rooms have names not numbers) which is a deluxe double overlooking the gardens. The room looks like the photo on the hotel's web site (although the furniture is in need of replacement as the couch was saggy). The hotel is very quiet and well managed and charming. The hotel is very close to Sloane Square and is in a very nice neighborhood. The breakfast that comes with breakfast packages is more food than you could ever eat and the staff is great. On my next trip to London I will not even look for another hotel and will simply book the Draycott. Its a great great hotel.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Elegance  Returning very late and very tired from an event at Kensington Palace I was greeted by an incredibly gracious late night doorman who carried all my bags to the room , selected an appropraite music channel and then filled out my breakfast card to save me the worry and took away with him - fantastic.Breakfast was spot on time and I left feeling far far more refreshed than I deserved to be ! I can't wait to return  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Marvellous stay at the Draycott Hotel, London         
<Date>Oct 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Small room, but perfect otherwise A very nice short business stay at the Draycott inside one of the peculiar single rooms. The bed was pushed inside a wall opening, but large enough to accomodate me. The rest was simply splendid, everything was arranged correctly and there was even time to admire the care which was taken to make a true hotel room for the business traveller out of the possibilities. Missing was a good internet access, but that was not a big problem. All the other reviews on this site can mostly be taken as true.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best yet I travel down to London on a regular basis and have stayed in many of the best hotels in London. A friend suggested that I should stay at the Draycott as they had very good reviews on Trip Advisor. I stayed in a double room over looking the garden at the back of the hotel. From the moment I walked through the door I felt at home. The staff were excellent particularly the guy working over night. One of the things that struck me was the size of the rooms, as I said earlier I have stayed in many hotels and some pokey little rooms. The room I had was very large compered with most. It was air conditioned and had a real effect gas fire. Oh and one other thing I thought was great, they give all there guests tea and biscuits in the afternoon, a glass of champagne in the evening and when you come back after dinner there is hot chocolate waiting. All of this is on the house!I am looking forward to returning.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Draycott Hotel provided a lovely stay My husband and I just returned from London and stayed at the Draycott Hotel, due in large part to the reviews we read here. As other readers have mentioned, we felt we were staying in someone's home, rather than at a commercial property. We requested a garden view room and were placed in the Agatha Christie suite. The bedroom and sitting area which overlooked the quiet gardens were all one big room. There was a small but efficient kitchen with freezer and refrigerator, a microwave and conventional oven as well as a washer and dryer. Unfortunately, the operating instructions for the washer/dryer were missing and it was impossible to figure it out. The bathroom was down the hall. It had two pedestal sinks with a long shelf over them and a large tub/shower. There was also a hair dryer attached to the wall by the sink. Closet space was ample and we do not travel light! Breakfast was included and was either brought to the room at a requested time or served downstairs in the small dining area. The food choices were numerous and the fruit was especially good. Tea, champagne, cookies and hot chocolate are offered at different times during the day, all complimentary. The staff were friendly and helpful with restaurant recommendations. The location was superb. We have been to London twice in the last two years and stayed at Dukes and the Dorchester. Both experiences were good. This was the best of the three. Kings Road restaurants and shopping were around the corner and Harrods and Brompton Road were a short stroll away. My husband and I are both runners and Hyde Park/Kensington Gardens was a short run from the hotel. I would highly recommend this hotel and will stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>johnpw
<Content>Watch out for the single rooms The location, common rooms, and gardens are very nice, but I was disappointed with my single room (I wish I could remember the name - I think it was the name of an author beginning with Edith). To the hotel's credit, they warn you at the time of booking that it is a very small room. However, THEY DO NOT TELL YOU that a) it is essentially windowless, because the window is completely frosted over to hide the ugly view of a utility shaft - it makes you feel very claustrophobic, and b) to add insult to injury, there is ridiculously little electric lighting in the room, only adding to the cave-like feel of the place. In addition, the bed is a very short converted sofa (I'm only 5'10 but it was still too short for me) and the a/c did not work properly while I was there during a hot spell in April. All in all, it was a very uncomfortable stay, although I have to say that the bathroom - considering the tiny space - was pretty well designed and user-friendly. I would just recommend that people stay away from these small singles unless they like living like a bat!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>deltaq
<Content>Fantastic location, perfect service and wonderful garden for our kids! Stayed in a 1 bed suite with separate sitting room in which they placed an extra bed for my older child. The younger one had a crib in the our bedroom. Living space was fine during the day as we folded up the extra bed. The kids loved the garden and I found the service to be just right, everything I asked for was brought straightaway with a smile and the breakfast was excellent too. Nothing was too much trouble - we had arrived in the morning off the red-eye from NY and our suite was not ready - however as my husband had to get to work, they let us use another room so he could shower etc. Would love to stay there again on our next trip!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DamoclesPorkSword
<Content>Nice but too quiet... Very nice, quiet, and homey, but not on a par with some of the other top 10 here such as Claridges, or the Covent Garden. Perhaps a little too quiet-- but some may want that. Why come to London though?  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ElizabethStreetMoM
<Content>Mixed We had a lovely large room at the Draycott. Like many older hotels the plumbing was quirky, but fine. The bed was lovely as was the decor. The staff was most congenial. The staff wanted to be helpful, but when it came down to it, most did not seem to know their way around London as apparently most don't live in London. They did consult guide books and the computer however to find the answers to questions.One of our family members was feeling ill and we asked to see a doctor and they had no idea of how to locate one. They directed us to the local Boots pharmacy which was equally unhelpful. Fortunately after a few days the family member luckily recovered, but it would have put our minds at ease if we could have been directed to a physician. The Draycott is on a quiet street. The breakfasts were tasty.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MikeONYC
<Content>A Quiet Refuge       Garden  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>v2mask
<Content>Wonderful We were on a driving holiday in England for almost 3 weeks, the last 2 days were spent at the Draycott, it was perfect. The room and the staff were superb.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GTonHarbor
<Content>Fantastic Stay at The Dracott Having just returned to the states after 12 glorious days in London, I cannot say enough about my 1st stay The Draycott. It truly is a 5 star Luxury Boutique hotel. Decorated with lovely English fabrics and antiques, it has a very traditional feeling, much like a club, and the staff couldn't have been nicer or more professional. It is ideally located just off of busy Sloane Square, but feels like a country house as soon as you enter the front doors. My suite had a lovely spacious bedroom with wonderfully high windows  ceilings, and a comfortable small sitting room attached. I could have stayed for months, and can't wait to return next spring!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wedding Bells Ring Last weekend was special as our daughter was married on Saturday. She had a ceremony in Chelsea Town Small Hall in a non-traditional occasion in London. We, the parents, wanted a comfortable, calm background from which to organise the day. We chose The Draycott Hotel, 26 Cadogan Gardens, just off the King's Road in Chelsea. Our room was superb. It was spacious, quiet, overlooking quiet gardens and had every facility possible. The staff were charming, attentive, friendly and interested in the event. On Saturday morning, mountains of backpacking honeymoon luggage were lugged up to our room. Pots of tea brought with a smile throughout the morning as flowers, hairdresser, photographer, bridesmaid all arrived. We went off to the wedding with smiles and congratulations on the hottest day of the year. After the reception in the small hours of the morning, the newly married couple arrived back at The Draycott Hotel. Showers, more drinks, luggage taken downstairs and they were off at 2.30am. with cheerful waves from the night staff.The next morning, the proud parents were treated to a sumptous breakfast in the library. Courtesy, friendliness and interest without intrusiveness are the watchwords of this hotel. We've stayed in many hotels throughout the world. This is the best.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>821987
<Content>Superb What a Gem. After staying in quite a few of the more contemporary hotels in London, this feels like the find of the year. The hotel is exquisite and feels more as if staying at a friends house. The rooms are well thought out and the attention to detail superb. The food is delightful and a great touch with the complimentary champagne at 6.00. The staff are discreet, efficient and friendly. We could not fault either the hotel or the staff and have now found our home from home in London. We have always believed that you could not get the level of service in England that you get when visiting the Far East, The Draycott has proved us wrong. Thank You.  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Comfortable Hotel We have stayed at this extremely comfortable hotel several times over the past few months and have always been pleased with the levels of service and facilities provided. For such a central location, the bedrooms are unbelievably quiet and very spacious. We have tried most of the 5 star London Hotels and this one, so far, is the best!Little touches such as complimentary tea in the afternoon, champagne in the evenings and hot chocolate late at night, make the place welcoming and the staff are very attentive yet friendly.The best night's sleep in London!  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb small hotel We thought the Draycott was wonderful - it's not modern, but if one wants a stylish boutique hotel with the friendliest staff and lovely rooms (both guest rooms and public rooms) - I couldn't recommend it more highly.  
<Date>May 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Draycott is a great business hotel I stayed at the Draycott for one night and held 3 hours of business meetings in their private library. It was a professional setting, private and discrete. All amenities were available and the room was very spacious and comfortable. I highly recommend this hotel for the business traveler.  
<Date>May 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>temp.europeans
<Content>Best part of the trip The Draycott appeared to be the perfect hotel for my husband and I to stay while in London for a week celebrating his 50th birthday. He was very specific about what he wanted in the place we were to stay. He wanted a small, luxury hotel with a fireplace in the suite and a view of the gardens. Also, he wanted it to be close to the tube station. The Draycott filled the order. The staff was excellent. They attended to all of our requests and followed up to make sure everything was just the way we requested. The room was very comfortable, quite and cosy. The only change we would have made was to get the larger suite with a larger bathroom. The G. Lawrence suite was exceptional except the bathroom was not very spacious and they had no outlet for the appliances, other then that, it was perfect!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Finally Found the One After numerous stays in hotels in London which ranged from horrible to mediocre, with no relationship to price, I have found a gem which will get my repeat business. First, the service was wonderful - prompt and friendly. The rooms were quiet, comfortable and the gas fireplaces a lovely touch. We stayed eight nights and didn't want to leave. You pay for all this comfort, but very in-line for London. Most similarly priced hotels would still charge for breakfast in the room, but not here. And when I wanted coffee in the morning, it came with a a plate of mince pies! The location is steps away from the Sloane Square tube stop, but on a very quiet, secluded block. Also, central heat and airconditioning -almost unheard unless you stay in a modern box. Traditional surroundings with modern comforts.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful visit During our stay at the Draycott we felt that we were not in a big city hotel but rather the houseguests of a caring and thoughtful family. All aspects were a delight and I can not speak highly enough of the entire staff. Oh yes, the room exceeded our expectations as well.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the location! We stayed at the Draycott for a week in November 2004. We found the hotel to be a real gem. Our lovely room was spacious and charming with high ceilings with fabulous mouldings, fireplace, sitting area, antiques. The people on staff could not have been more helpful and friendly each day as we set off to sightsee and each evening as we returned weary and tired (and wet). We walked everywhere from the hotel and found the quiet location to be perfect. We decided to rent a car for a day to drive into the country and that was arranged easily by the hotel. We would most definately stay at the Draycott again and have recommended it several times already.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>London's Kindest The Draycott is a phenomenal hotel! I visit London at least twice a month and got tired of staying in the usual hotel chains. The service is unbelieveably accommodating and the rooms are delightful. All the rooms I've stayed in have their own personality. There's tons of shopping right down the block on King's Road and quality restaurants in the neighborhood. They offer evening champagne, and nighttime hot chocolate, which my children love. The Draycott is the Beluga caviar of London hotels.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A lovely stay Stayed for 1 week and found this hotel realy excellent, very friendly staff, super location, a real home from home.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Room with a View   showReview(2616355, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>njpsufan
<Content>Super   showReview(2451759, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Luxury Boutique at a luxury price   showReview(2188189, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Draycott is Something Special   showReview(2071494, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JLS24
<Content>Another Successful trip   showReview(1615029, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Welcome home!   showReview(1543661, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mhp6
<Content>Incredible hotel with Incredible Staff!!   showReview(1539062, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alliebdive
<Content>Gets Better and Better   showReview(1506088, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this hotel!   showReview(1491312, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Luxury in an excellent location   showReview(1488527, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

