<Author>JBien
<Content>Basic but suited our needs This hotel was a quick 10 minute free shuttle ride from the Phoenix airport. The entry way into the room was quite narrow, which made it hard not to be noisy entering the room with all me and my husband's luggage.The hotel room was basic, but had some recent upgrades, such as a granite counter top in the sink/vanity area and new linens with a down comforter.The bathroom was tired and the fixtures/tiles were old, but they were clean. There was no in-room safe but there was a coffee maker, which was a nice amenity.Checking in and out was very pleasant and efficient, and there was a nice breakfast included (which I could not take advantage of because of my early flight out the next morning), but there was coffee available and it was very good!For a quick stay, this hotel was just fine.-Jen  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rosementko
<Content>Quiet and restful We (my husband and I) chose this hotel because it was close to the airport and there was free shuttle service to the airport. We stayed at the hotel on a Saturday night and had an early Sunday morning flight to catch. The reason that we were in Phoenix was to spend the Thanksgiving holiday with family.I booked directly with the hotel and received a better rate than what was offered on various websites. When I asked the reservation person for an AARP discount, she said they didn't have one, but she would extend the AAA discount. A bargain!The shuttle picked us up at the airport after we returned our rental car. The wait for the shuttle was short, and the driver was courteous and friendly. Check-in was fast. Our room was clean and modern. There was adequate space for our suitcases and we even had a little mini fridge. There was plenty of room to spread out. The room was on the first floor and was very quiet. The hotel has a guest laundry room. We had a bunch of dirty clothes so I ran a load. The machines were coin operated, but the price was reasonable and the hotel provided the laundry soap and dryer sheets. The laundry room was clean too.I stopped by the front desk several times for little things like a stapler, change for the laundry, some tape, drop off some letters for mailing, ask about location of a drug store, ask for an envelope to put all of my receipts in. I always received a smile and a helpful response.We stopped by the front desk and inquired about dining options. The desk clerk gave us a list of recommended restaurants and let us know that the shuttle driver could drop us off on Mill Street in Tempe so we could eat at one of the restaurants in that area.We took her advice and had a great dinner at a Greek restaurant. We called the driver when we finished dinner and she arrived in five minutes at a prearranged pickup area.We asked for a wake up call and received it. We were up too early to take advantage of the complimentary breakfast so we do not know what we missed. We rode the shuttle to the airport for our early flight. Everything was smooth and everyone was great.All in all this was a good experience. We would stay here again and would recommend this hotel to everyone.Oh, yeah - cookies. They make cookies every evening. Mmmm. They were good too.My husband says that this place is first class.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CaptainPlanIt
<Content>Just what we were looking for My wife and I stayed at the Phoenix airport Fairfield the first night of a week long vacation. We worked a half day, drove to our east coast airport and flew across country, arriving at 9 pm local time and 11 pm to our bodies. We were tired and all we wanted to do was sleep.We called the hotel from the courtesy phone in baggage claim and although we had some trouble getting someone to answer, when they did they told us the courtesy shuttle was right outside the door - and it was. How great is that? The driver offered us free bottled water from a cooler in the front seat, also very nice. The ride to the hotel was short and painless, as was check in, and in mere minutes we were sound asleep in the comfortable bed.If I was a really light sleeper I might be bothered by planes taking off and landing at this hotel, as we would occassionally hear the dull roar of a plane passing by overhead. But we did not need to turn the heat or air on, and I imagine if we had, any sound from the unit would have been greater than that of the planes. If I was a really light sleeper this hotel might not have been the best choice.We woke up early, our bodies still being on east coast time, and enjoyed getting in the outside hot tub. Unlike a lot of other hotels, the pool and hot tub here are open 24 hours. We had a cup of coffee while soaking, watching the sky brighten. It was a good way to start the day.Breakfast was the standard Fairfield fare, with Jimmy Dean frozen breakfast sandwiches to microwave, cereals, muffins and some fruit. The girls restocking the selections were friendly and efficient. We took the hotel shuttle back to the airport to go get a rental car, and the driver took us directly to a line of rental car shuttle busses, we hopped out of the one we were in, onto another and away we went. Painless.My only complaint with Fairfields is the lack of counter space by the sink in the bath. We had about seven square inches, hardly enough room to even set down one toiletry kit let alone two, and not near enough room to unpack. This is an issue I've seen at several Fairfield's, not just at the Phoenix airport, so it is system wide and not this property. All in all we had an entirely satisfactory experience at the Phoenix airport Fairfield, and I would gladly stay here again should our travel plans cause us to stay overnight near the airport.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>photoguyLosAngeles
<Content>MANAGEMENT NIGHTMARE My friend reserved two rooms for our overnight before flying out of Phoenix. When we arrived we asked the clerk to charge one of the rooms to my credit card and the other to my friend's card. This was evidently a rocket science request for as a result the following occurred:1. I was billed twice for the same room for the same day2. I had to call the hotel four times in one day since the voice mail I was given was for someone not at work that day to fix the billing.3. A security guard knocked on our door at 2:30 am the day of our departure asking for a receipt he was told to collect as the wrong receipt for identical price rooms was switched by them at the desk. 4. Their website states that they have shuttle service to the airport. The problem is that it starts at 6:00 am so forget about making a morning flight and using their shuttle. Answer from the manager was  Well, we didn't say 24 Hr. shuttle service. I guess this is another thing the savvy traveler will have to ask about....live and learn.5. My friend was billed for her room and a more expensive room for the same day. Another double charge problem....with the added insult of a higher price.6. The hotel alleges that they didn't have my friend's credit card numbers but how I asked could the erroneous billing show up on her credit card statement?7. The room was neat and clean but this was the most mismanaged hotel I have ever been in. I was offered an I'm sorry, however this chain of ineptness was all too similar to a Marx Brothers Night at the Opera.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	5	2	5	1	1	-1	

<Author>Frenchie22
<Content>Comfortable stay at the Fairfield INn Spent one night at this hotel after a long flight. The beds were really comfortable. We were absolutely not bothered by the planes landing and taking off nearby. The staff was especially friendly and helpful. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Jimdo
<Content>One Nite Stayover We were returning from Tucson Sunday nite and flying out Monday morning. This hotel was close to airport, and about a 7 minute drive to the rental car center. I had stayed at a Fairfield Inn about 20 years ago, but this one seemed really nice; close to being a Courtyard. We got a weekend rate of $76 +tx, and I thought it was a bargain. This place must be pretty new and it''s really clean. Very friendly receptionist. Ask before you go out looking for a restaurant. We went the wrong way first, and found nothing, but go towards the college, ASU. They have a breakfast buffet, but we left at 5:30 to catch our flight and it wasn't set up yet.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>Dunderlin
<Content>Just what we needed We stayed for one night when we arrived in Phoenix from the UK and this hotel was exactly what we needed - clean, comfortable, decent size room, great bed and close to the airport. Breakfast was nothing fancy but was better than average for a free continental buffet. Even if we'd been staying in Phoenix for a longer stay I would have been quite happy to have this as our base. The only downside for a longer stay might be the distance from any decent eating places. We just wanted to grab a quick bite before going to bed(as it was about 3am according to our body clocks by the time we checked in) so drove a couple of miles down the road to a Burger King. There certainly didn't seem to be anything you could easily walk to.It was not a boutique hotel or friendly BB and didn't have much character, plus the setting wasn't particularly interesting or pretty - but that wasn't what we needed nor wanted to pay for. I think it was excellent value for money as the quality of the accomodation was better than I thought we'd get for the price - which is why I'm giving it a rating of four and not a three (i.e. in my view it was above average for this price range).One final thing - despite being so close to the airport we didn't hear a single plane while we were there (although we were VERY tired so may have slept through it!)  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>pitachu
<Content>Everything you'd expect and more I can't add much to what has already been said, but I can reiterate it.Like most people here we stayed one night after arriving from Ireland late and before heading to the Grand Canyon the next day. The hotel gave us everything we needed, it is close to the airport and there are number of places to eat near by (the front desk provided us with a map to them all).We picked our car up up the night we arrived and this hotel is close enough to the car rental center at Phoenix Sky Harbor that the drive was manageable after 12 hours traveling. I have however driven the in the States before; it would also be just as convenient to pick the car up the next day.The breakfast was a self service, all you can eat affair, again just what we needed - home made waffles were great. You can really fill up before heading off.Overall a great start to any adventure :)  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>cheshirelass44
<Content>Great hotel for stopover Stayed here for one night during flights from Europe to Hawaii. Hotel exceeded expectations - room spacious with comfortable beds, free shuttle service to/from airport was timely and courteous. Complimentary breakfast (with make your own wafffles!) was good, and better than many continental breakfasts I've had to pay for. Computer with free internet access was a bonus (and something for which we had to pay dearly at other locations).Only downside was lack of restaurant on site - however a local pizza delivery service sufficed.Excellent value for money and would recommend to others.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>dooleke
<Content>Prcatical, with very nice staff One word-Practical! Excellent service too as my family arrived after midnight from east coast frazzled and tired as our luggage did not arrive. We were on a one-night stay prior to going to Sedona/GCNP. Front desk staff worked quickly getting us the usual needs including contact lense solution and made us much more relaxed, even through in a goody bag to boot. Hotel is clean, beds top notch and it's an easy check-in/out process. Free breakfast (waffle iron etc) was practical too. On our return to Phx a week later from Grand Canyon, we stayed one night at the stuffy overpriced, gargantuan (spelling??) JW Marriott Desert Ridge. Don't bother going there. The airport Farfield is very nice. Would stay again. Thanks Tracy and front desk staff.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>grandpaFtLauderdale
<Content>Great Value, Excellent Staff, Well Run Our family was on the way back from a week-long trip to Sedona and the Grand Canyon. We just needed an inexpensive place to spend the night before our flight home. I trust the Marriott name, and noticed that this Fairfield Inn was rated high on customer satisfaction. I was not dissappointed. The facility was clean and quiet, the staff was friendly and helpful, and the breakfast was good. Access to the airport could not have been easier. After checkout we discovered that we were missing a Sony Cybershot camera. I called the hotel, and they searched the room immediately (while I waited on hold.) They found the camera and express mailed it to us. (We received it on the second business day.) I offered a reward but the clerk declined. What a refreshing experience.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>2kids2cats
<Content>Excellent Choice..........Great Breakfast..........Comfy beds A great place, just like we've come to expect of Fairfield Inns. We don't travel a lot, but have come to enjoy Fairfield Inns when we do. We arrived at 2:30am, after being on the road about 12 hours on our way to the Grand Canyon. Our room was very clean, except just a couple of hairs in the bathroom. I understand hair is hard to get 100% cleaned up. I'm picky about hotel rooms, in fact, I bring Lysol wipes. The bed linen looked new. The beds were very comfy, and helped up get a much needed good night's sleep. My teenaged son loved the free in-room wi-fi.We needed more towels and bathrags, so I went to the lobby to ask for them. The clerk handed them to me on the spot so we didn't have to wait for them to be delivered.I could go on and on about the breakfast. 3 or 4 juices, water, coffee, hot and cold cereal, donuts (not a great selection), boiled eggs, yogurt, bagels and cream cheese, but the BEST was waffles. They already have the batter mixed up and in cups. You just pour it in the waffle maker, read the directions, and 2 minutes later you have delicious waffles. YUMMY!!! One bit of advice; you don't need to pour the whole cup into the waffle maker, but I learned it the messy way.I'd definitely recommend this hotel for anyone visiting the Phoenix area. They are very close to I-10.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rogerslade
<Content>Good value Clean comfortable rooms, adequate breakfast  free shuttle toand from airport. All you could want from an airport hotel. If you arrive late save a day's car hire by overnighting here.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>David3614
<Content>A splendid place for a 1 or 2 night stay! We needed a hotel near the airport because we reserved a rental car for tomorrow. My kids are 12 and 10, and I didn't want to make them go on a big drive when to us, it felt like 11:00. We took the bus to the hotel, which went very smoothly. The staff was very caring and kind.The beds were comfortable, but we requested foam pillows, and when we called the lobby, they were out. Otherwise, the room was very clean and very nice.The outdoor pool and jacuzzi was really, really fun. The pool was warm(!!!), and the jacuzzi wasn't extremely hot, it felt like my shower temperature. The scenery was pretty outside, where there were exotic trees that were worth pictures.Overall, everything except pillow stock was tremendous!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>insurance209
<Content>Excellent! We stayed at this hotel for three nights and LOVED it! The breakfast each morning is better than any other free continental breakfast I have had at other hotels. The staff was wonderful! The room was very clean!! We actually booked them for one more night on the same trip because we liked it so much. Our room was next to the elevator and you couldn't even hear it from our room! I was very surprised how much I liked this hotel. I would stay here again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>g0lf_vacati0ns
<Content>Nice place Stayed here for 1 night during new year's eve. We drive from Palm Springs to Phoenix.There are some construction outside the hotel, so the roads were a little confusing, even our GPS messed up!Check in was alright, nice staff. Free wireless internet provided, and there are some computers at the lobby for guest use.Parking was also free.This property has free breakfast too.Room was spacious and tastefully decorated. Bed was king sized, very comfortable. There was also a large working executive desk. Normal TV.Bathroom was spacious enough, good water pressure from the shower and no problem with temperature.Breakfast was simple and good- Waffles, juice, coffee, tea, sandwich, fruits, simple pastries.There is a mall 5 mins drive away (Arizona centre or Phoenix centre) and we watched a movie at the AMC theatres  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>BabyBoomerCumbria
<Content>Excellent value hotel Stayed here one night having flown in from England. Just needed a quiet, comfortable hotel to crash out in and this place delivered. Good welcome, very clean, comfortable rooms. Not luxurious, but excellent value at around 拢40 for the night. Good little breakfast buffet in the morning included. Used the shuttle service both to and from the airport - absolutely efficient.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>AZWiseguy
<Content>Excellent Airport Hotel Just wanted to add my comments to the list of accolades for the Fairfield Inn by Sky Harbor airport. The service was excellent all around, including friendly people at the front desk, prompt and polite shuttle drivers, and an efficient cleaning staff. The rates were wonderful - $75 a night before tax, about $83 with tax. The Park and Fly option costs an additional $20, but you can leave your car up to 14 days. Compare that to the $8/day economy lot and it makes sense to drop your car there if you are traveling more than 3 days. The hotel nearly has a direct highway to the airport and it takes the shuttle less than 5 minutes to get there. I stayed one night before flying out, and then when I came back decided to stay another night and relax. I will stay here again if I am flying out of PHX.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>taffy2001
<Content>Typical Fairfield Stayed here one night after flying into PHX late. The staff was pleasant and the rooms and common areas were clean. Our room was a little stuffy when we walked in so we cranked on the a/c and within 10 minutes it was perfect. And the a/c was very powerful as we ended up having to shut it off because it cooled the room so quickly. The breakfast was nice. There were waffles, cereals, bagels, donuts and some fruit... a typical continental breakfast. The only complaint I had was the parking. Since we arrived so late, there was not much space left... I wouldn't want to get in late on a night the hotel was really busy.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>AbbeyCt
<Content>Incredible place for the price! We stayed here on Memorial Day evening, awaiting an early morning flight on Tuesday. Not sure if they were having a special, but our king-sized bedded room was less than $60, with AAA discount.! The front desk attendant was very helpful and friendly, room was very clean, nice sheets and comfortable bed. We left too early to have the included breakfast, but they did apparently have coffee all the time. I can say the vending machines were well stocked. We choose this hotel particularly for the complimentary 24 hr shuttle to the airport. (we had no car) The front desk person made the arrangements upon check-in, setup the wakeup call and made suggestions on where to eat, or order in. (We chose to get a pizza delivered). Took a dip in the pool while waiting for delivery- they even had lots of nice clean folded towels available to use and leave in the pool area. Just could not have been more pleased, especially at that price!!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lovinlife2
<Content>Most Hotels were booked solid this night, I called,booked the last room here.... ...Busy night for hotels in PHX. I booked the last room here,1 night and when i landed in PHX that eve, approx 10p..I was a bit wary. Courtsy Ph@bag claim for AP P/U. van P/U was prompt, and the driver was friendly and courtious. The Hotel is a short distance from the hotel. Checkin was very pleasant, and the staff were very nice. I was on the 2nd of 3 floors, facing the street, and as it is on a side street Even still, VERY quiet. My room was very clean and with 2 large queen beds in very nice condition with white sheets, not dusty, as some linen can be. Very Clean rm/not dusty .The room was nicely appointed, with basic functional furnature. A desk was roomy for computer work. The heater/Aircon was a windown unit, without thermostat,  these are always a pain to get the proper temperture. Hot Water was plentiful, and the shower was super.Breakfast buffet overboard with waffles and LOTS of other stuff, Fill up on these things and you'll be set for hours. I ate a very good doughnut,called 4 a Taxi  he arrived in 10 min@0700. Free room Internet :) A very super stay at last min. Hotel is not budget hotel, but worth the money. An excellent Sleep, and very relaxing restful night  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>lmg915
<Content>Phoenix Vacation The hotel and staff was wonderful. We went to Arizona for a week and stayed in 2 other Marriott hotels. I picked each hotel out through Trip Advisor. They were all wonderful. We planned on staying here one night after landing at Phoenix Airport. After 2hrs of being there we deceided to book the night before we planned to leave to return home the following week. They gave us an excellent price for the night we booked to come back. Breakfast was great. Clean rooms. Wonderful staff!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Regular hotel It's just a standard hotel. Except, we had asked for a suite and the staff said that the room we received was a suite. The room was just slightly bigger than the standard room. The roof was extremely high though. They could've built a whole other floor with the space.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>LoLuSinnai
<Content>Ottima sistemazione!   showReview(21223358, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent h么tel pr猫s de l'a茅roport   showReview(17445508, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

